The White House says a bill that seeks to bar the U.S. from lifting certain sanctions against Iran would violate commitments necessary to implement the international agreement to limit the Iranian nuclear program.
Iran made the deal with the U.S., Britain, China, France, Russia and Germany last year to cut back its nuclear activity and allay concerns it was trying to build nuclear weapons. In exchange, those countries agreed to lift economic sanctions they imposed because of the alleged nuclear arms work.
The legislation in the House of Representatives would prohibit removing sanctions against individuals and companies until the president certifies they were not involved in transactions with Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps, a terrorist organization, or anyone whose property has been blocked in relation to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
The U.S. Office of Management and Budget said President Barack Obama's administration strongly opposes the bill and would veto it if the House and Senate both approve the measure.
An OMB policy statement released Monday said the bill would prevent the U.S. from fulfilling its commitments by linking the nuclear deal with unrelated issues. It said those included past activities and individuals who would no longer be subject to sanction once the agreement goes into effect.
The consequences, according to the White House, include the potential "collapse of a comprehensive diplomatic arrangement that peacefully and verifiably prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon."
Opponents of the nuclear deal have said it gives Iran far too much relief, unlocking billions of dollars while leaving the country with too much of a nuclear program to trust it will not try to make nuclear weapons. Iran has long insisted its nuclear program is solely for peaceful purposes.
The OMB statement said the White House "remains clear-eyed" about the concerns of Congress and the American people, and reiterated that lifting sanctions tied to the nuclear program would not effect the sanctions enacted against Iran for other reasons.
"Powerful sanctions targeting Iran's support for terrorism, its ballistic missile activities, its human rights abuses, and its destabilizing activities in the region remain in effect," read the statement.
Iranian media said Monday the government had begun work to dismantle the core of the Arak heavy water reactor, one of the steps it must complete with verification from U.N. monitors in order to get the sanctions relief.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Syracuse, N.Y. — With five freshmen plus a transfer set to transition to the Syracuse basketball team for the 2013-14 season, Jim Boeheim is hoping to get their group better acquainted this summer.
The SU coach said Tuesday they are in the early stages of setting up a trip to Italy for their young team.
"We're hoping to get a foreign trip set up in August," Boeheim said, "so we can play some of these guys."
The NCAA allows college basketball teams to play on foreign soil once every four years. Teams that schedule games outside the United States can practice for as many as 10 days during the summer to prepare for that overseas excursion.
Duke transfer Michael Gbinije joins the Orange in earnest after sitting out a redshirt season. SU will also add Tyler Ennis (St. Benedict's Prep), Tyler Roberson (Roselle Catholic), B.J. Johnson (Lower Merion High School), Ron Patterson (Brewster Academy) and Chinonso Obokoh (Rochester's Bishop Kearney) to a lineup that may or may not include C.J. Fair — SU's most veteran player. (Boeheim declined comment on Fair's NBA Draft status.)
Boeheim mentioned the possibility of the trip while discussing Gbinije's probable role on the 2013-14 team.
"Next year's up in the air," Boeheim said, "because we have so many young players."
Boeheim discussed a couple other items that have cropped up in recent college basketball conversations. Decisions on two topics will be determined during NCAA meetings next month.
Those two topics:
Should teams be allowed to practice earlier than the traditional mid-October start date?
The NCAA's Board of Directors will vote on whether to permit practices to start either the last week of September or the first week in October. Teams could be allowed as many as 30 practices before their first game in early November.
"I'm not a big proponent of this. I like starting in October," Boeheim said.
The NCAA already allows coaching instruction in smaller groups before the official start of practice. Boeheim said he'd be in favor of an alteration "if we were able to get a couple extra days" of practice. But they did not seem adamant about it.
Should the shot clock be decreased from 35 seconds to 30 seconds?
The men's basketball rules committee will meet in mid-May to decide on whether to change the 35-second shot clock.
"I'd like to see a shot clock moved, but I don't think that it will," Boeheim said. "I'd like to see it at 24, but I don't think we'll ever get that. But I'd take the 30."
Syracuse's 2-3 zone has reduced teams — especially unaware NCAA Tournament teams — to picking and poking at the zone to uncover exploitable seams, often with hasty, poor results as the shot clock ticks to zero. The shorter shot clock would seem to heighten that challenge. But Boeheim offered another perspective on a shorter shot clock.
"Good teams can get a good shot within 20 seconds," they said. "But I think (a shorter clock) would prevent teams from holding the ball for as long as they do."
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Exercise is good for the brain as well as the heart
Aerobic exercise in your 20s may protect the brain in middle age, according to a US study.
Activities that maintain cardio fitness - such as running, swimming and cycling - led to better thinking skills and memory 20 years on.
Scientists say the research, reported in Neurology, adds to evidence the brain benefits from good heart health.
Cardio fitness is a measure of how well the body absorbs oxygen during exercise and transports it to the muscles.
Researchers at the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, tested almost 3,000 healthy people with an average age of 25.
This is one more important study that should remind young adults of the brain health benefits of cardio fitness activities such as running, swimming, biking or cardio fitness classes Dr David Jacobs, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis
They underwent treadmill tests of cardiovascular fitness during the first year of the study and again 20 years later.
They were asked to run for as long as possible before they became exhausted or short of breath.
Cognitive tests taken 25 years after the start of the study measured memory and thinking skills.
People who ran for longer on the treadmill performed better at tests of memory and thinking skills 25 years on, even after adjusting for factors such as smoking, diabetes and high cholesterol.
Total fitness
People who had smaller time differences in their treadmill test 20 years later were more likely to perform better on the executive function test than those who had bigger differences.
"Many studies show the benefits to the brain of good heart health," said study author Dr David Jacobs.
"This is one more important study that should remind young adults of the brain health benefits of cardio fitness activities such as running, swimming, biking or cardio fitness classes."
Dr Jacobs said a concept was emerging of total fitness, incorporating social, physical and mental aspects of health.
"It's really a total package of how your body is and the linkage of that entire package of performance - that's related to cognitive function many years later and in mid-life," they told BBC News.
Dr Simon Ridley, Head of Research at Alzheimer's Research UK, said: "A growing body of evidence suggests exercise may reduce the risk of cognitive decline and dementia, and much research has shown a link between healthy habits in mid-life and better health in old age.
"Investment in research is vital to better understand how we can protect our brains as we age."
Oiling the Color Wheel with Jade + Sass
Krystal Campioni Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 22, 2016
One of the things that I found the hardest when I started working with design was finding the right colors for the project. I actually thought that I didn't have the talent or sensitivity needed to create a decent color palette.
One of my instructors at school once told me to “steal” other people's palette using the Photoshop color picker because it would be easier and faster than creating my own from scratch.
- I didn't want to create my own palletes anyway…
Later on, when I studied color theory I was surprised at the fact that choosing colors could involve mathematical calculations. In this article, I'll walk you through some cool Sass functions to recreate the color wheel and create some color palettes that are automatically calculated from a single color value.
Our basic wheel structure
Let's start with the markup for the wheel itself. I want it to have 3 rings of color, the middle ring will have the default hue values, the inner ring will have lighter versions of those hues or tints, and the outer ring will have darker versions of those hues, or shades.
So we have a div with the class .color-wheel that will wrap 3 lists:
One cool thing about using Jade, is that we can use loops to output html, preventing us from writing <li></li> 36 times in the example above.
Now we can think about the variables that we'll need for our wheel. All the hues, tints and shades will be automatically calculated from a $main-color, and I guess we'll also need to decide $how-dark and $how-light the tints and shades will be. Now, think of a really traditional color wheel, like this one by Boutet that has 12 color slots:
Claude Bautet, 1708
There are 360° in full circle, so dividing 360 by the 12 slots, we'll get an $angle of 30° for each slot.
Inside the .color-wheel class, every div will have a border-radius: 50% and overflow: hidden, to make them look rounded.
To create the color slots, we'll have a for loop, where each <li></li> will be a triangle that is going to be rotated the $new-angle of the original $angle * $i, considering that $i is a counter from the original position.
Now we have a full wheel, but all the slots have the same color. So we'll also need a $new-color variable that will also rotate the hue from the $main-color to a $new-angle every time the loop runs.
We can also update our code to darken and lighten the $new-color of the outer and inner rings of the wheel, using the $how-dark and $how-light variables.
Including a Protractor
I find it useful to see how many degrees from the origin a color has to turn to become something else, and as we have already created a for loop that does that, we can create another one that inserts the $i as the content of a pseudo-element :after, for each <li></li>.
Woo-hoo! Our basic structure is done! You can play around with the values of the $main-color and $how-dark or $how-light now :)
Creating Color Harmonies
In color theory, there are some formulas to create eye-catching color schemes. In the image below, you can see some of these formulas in action:
August 1, 2014
Analysis of African plant reveals possible treatment for aging brain
Salk scientists find that a plant used for centuries by healers of São Tomé e Príncipe holds lessons for modern medicine
August 1, 2014
LA JOLLA—For hundreds of years, healers in São Tomé e Príncipe—an island off the western coast of Africa—have prescribed cata-manginga leaves and bark to their patients. These pickings from the Voacanga africana tree are said to decrease inflammation and ease the symptoms of mental disorders.
Now, scientists at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies have discovered that the power of the plant isn't just folklore: a compound isolated from Voacanga africana protects cells from altered molecular pathways linked to Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and the neurodegeneration that often follows a stroke.
“What this provides us with is a source of potential new drug targets,” says senior author Pamela Maher, a senior staff scientist in Salk's Cellular Neurobiology Laboratory. The results were published this week in the Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
Antonio Currais, a research associate who works with Maher, was visiting family in their native Portugal when they crossed paths with Maria do Céu Madureira, an ethnopharmacology researcher at the University of Coimbra. For the past twenty years, Madureira has been surveying the use of herbal medicine on the island. Currais and Maher had recently developed a series of tests to screen compounds for their potential use in treating neurodegenerative disorders and Currais saw the perfect chance to put the assay to the test. They began a collaboration with Madureira's team.
Caption: São Tomé e Príncipe Sum Pontes and San Verónica healers collect the V. africana plant for their patients. In assays, the plant showed to be potent in reducing inflammation, oxidative stress and amyloid-beta peptides (typically associated with Alzheimer's disease). Click here for a high-resolution image. Image: Maria do Céu Madureira
“There was already a lot of descriptive information of particular plants that have potential effects on the nervous system,” Currais says. “We took that further to quantitatively document the real neuroprotective action of the compounds in these plants.”
Currais and Maher began studying seven different extracts collected from five species of plants in São Tomé e Príncipe. Three of the five had been reported by local healers to have effects on the nervous system and two were used as controls. The Salk research team put each sample through different assays—all conducted in living human and mouse cells—designed to test their potential impact against neurodegeneration.
One assay tested the ability of the plant extracts to protect cells against oxidative stress, a byproduct of metabolism that can cause DNA damage and has been linked to age-related neurodegeneration. Another tested anti-inflammatory properties of the compounds. A third test measured whether the samples could block the build-up of beta-amyloid peptides in neurons, which has been linked to Alzheimer's disease.
“I was surprised at how potent they were,” says Maher. “I thought maybe we'd see a little bit of activity in some of the assays and then have to separate out individual components to see a more profound effect.” But one sample in particular—Voacanga africana—performed exceptionally on all assays, even in its most dilute form.
When Currais and Maher isolated different components of the plant, they found that the anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective effects of the plant were mostly due to one molecule, called voacamine. The compound hasn't yet been tested in animal models but its performance in the assays suggests that it may have pharmaceutical potential for treating Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or stroke.
“There are still a lot of potential sources of drugs in plants that are native to countries around the world and most of them haven't been tested to any extent,” says Maher. “You can't test everything, so the best way to approach plant research for drugs is to use the knowledge that's been around for thousands of years to help you pick and choose what to study with modern techniques. That way you're not just shooting in the dark.”
Maher, Currais and Madureira are planning more follow-up studies on voacamaine and also hope to apply their assays to more plants of interest.
Other researchers on the study were Chandramouli Chiruta and Marie Goujon-Svrzic of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies; Gustavo Costa, Tania Santos, Maria Teresa Batista, Jorge Paiva, and Maria do Ceu Madureira of the University of Coimbra.
Both the Portuguese and American researchers worked in full partnership with local institutions, traditional healers and communities in order to respectfully conduct research in the area of indigenous knowledge, assuring the intellectual property rights and the sharing of benefits that may arise as a result of the study of these local medicinal plants.
About the Salk Institute for Biological Studies:
The Salk Institute for Biological Studies is one of the world's preeminent basic research institutions, where internationally renowned faculty probes fundamental life science questions in a unique, collaborative and creative environment. Focused both on discovery and on mentoring future generations of researchers, Salk scientists make groundbreaking contributions to our understanding of cancer, aging, Alzheimer's, diabetes and infectious diseases by studying neuroscience, genetics, cell and plant biology, and related disciplines.
Faculty achievements have been recognized with numerous honors, including Nobel Prizes and memberships in the National Academy of Sciences. Founded in 1960 by polio vaccine pioneer Jonas Salk, MD, the Institute is an independent nonprofit organization and architectural landmark.
My great-great-grandfather Theodore Roosevelt has the accurate reputation of being one of our country's greatest conservationists. Images of TR embracing the great American outdoors by roping cattle on their ranch, hunting buffalo on the plains, and standing next to the Grand Canyon are just as ubiquitous in American history as the images of them working behind their desk in the Oval Office. Their love for the natural world became one of their crowning policy achievements as president. To put it in context, the U.S. Forest Service once calculated that they preserved 230 million acres of land, or 84,000 acres for each day they were president.
TR seems to have been drawn to the natural world almost from birth, but it took the Badlands of North Dakota where they lived from 1884 to 1886 to finalize their transformation from a sickly child born into urban wealth into a hardy individual with a lifelong passion for conservation. As they put it: “I have always said I would not have been president had it not been for my experience in North Dakota.”
In recognition of TR's great work as a conservationist and their commitment to the natural world, Theodore Roosevelt National Park was created in 1978 in western North Dakota. The park preserves the natural splendors of the Dakota Badlands and is a testament to the Western spirit that instilled in TR a lifelong commitment to the great American outdoors. But, in a twist of bitter irony, the recent Bakken oil boom in North Dakota threatens to consume the integrity of a national park that has been referred to as the birthplace of the American conservation movement.
That is why I felt it was important to narrate a short documentary video produced by the Center for American Progress. In the video, we explore the ways in which Theodore Roosevelt National Park has already felt the impacts of nearby drilling in progress. The serious impacts of this drilling include disruptions from truck traffic on the road to the park, the sound of diesel-generated pumpjacks reverberating in the campgrounds, and the dozens of lights from drilling rigs and cell towers ruining the park's deep night skies.
As the video shows, the situation is only going to get worse around the park as more and more wells are drilled. Unfortunately it appears that, once again, the short-term gains of special interests are coming at the expense of the long-term cultural and natural health of our country. Just last week, XTO Energy, a company based in Texas, announced that it was scrapping its proposal to drill only 100 feet from the historic site of TR's Elkhorn Ranch. That a company would even consider such a plan is beyond my comprehension.
To be sure, the Bakken oil boom has brought jobs and wealth to North Dakota at a time when the state needs it the most. But the headlong rush to drill has caused a number of social and environmental consequences that are just too startling to ignore. To mention a few, cities and towns in this region have been stuck with the bills incurred from caring for temporary workers, housing shortages are rampant because the demand is so high, and North Dakota's unique and fragile Badlands ecosystem is being irrevocably changed.
Of course, it doesn't need to be this way. Slowing down and planning for the boom—even if the oil companies and state leaders are reluctant—is the only way to manage its impacts. As Clay Jenkinson, a prominent Roosevelt scholar interviewed in the video puts it: “When there's that much oil, and that much profit, and that much employment, we as an enlightened people can afford to say, ‘but we don't have to do all of it.'”
Our national parks were set aside to protect America's natural, cultural, and historic resources for future generations. More than 400 national park units exist in the United States today, and they are visited by 275 million people every year.
Not being nearly as eloquent or elucidative as my great-great grandfather, I will leave the great man to speak for himself. They said: “Here is your country. Cherish these natural wonders, cherish the natural resources, cherish the history and romance as a sacred heritage, for your children and your children's children. Do not let selfish men or greedy interests skin your country of its beauty, its riches or its romance.”
If you are outraged like I am that a national park could be sacrificed in the oil and gas industry's quest for selfish profit, it's time to take action. Call the White House, call your Congressmen and Senators, call your local elected officials and tell them that we must put energy development on equal ground with conservation and that our national parks and other lands belong to all Americans born and yet to come.
There's no doubt in my mind that Theodore Roosevelt would have felt the same.
You can't swing a dead cat by the tail these days without hitting a news story about the lack of legislation issuing from the 113th Congress. From CNN to McClatchy to NPR to the L.A. Times, the air is thick with pieces lamenting that the 113th makes “the infamous ‘do-nothing Congress' of the late 1940s look downright prolific.”
Apparently we're all supposed to feel really bad about that.
Before the holiday break, Congress sent just 70 bills to the president's desk. That compares — unfavorably, we are given to understand — with the 395 bills passed by the 80th Congress, whose supposed indolence Harry Truman ran against. It even compares unfavorably to the 112th Congress, which led to only 231 new laws.
The censorious pieces never stop to explain precisely why Congress should be judged according to the number of bills it passes. That's simply assumed. This is one of those telltale signs of media bias that are always cropping up, if you keep your eyes open. (Here's another: Run a Google News search for the terms “economic inequality” and “economic liberty.” The former shows up more than 50 times as often. Guess why.)
Unpack the assumption behind the stories about congressional productivity, and you find a bias toward statism: the notion that government action is inherently good, and that more government action is inherently better — and that this is true as an analytic proposition, entirely separate from whatever a particular government action might entail.
Which is pretty funny, when you stop to think.
After all, the press has spent the past couple of years cranking out endless horror stories about the last major piece of legislation Congress passed — the Budget Control Act, which led to the sequester. It also has written a great deal about the many terrible problems caused by the last major law before that: the Affordable Care Act. Yet now we're supposed to yearn for more omnibus legislation?
Before the Obamacare-disaster stories began piling up, the media cranked out a lot of snark over the House's repeated votes (47 of them at last count) to repeal Obamacare. None of those bills made it to the president's desk. But if passing legislation is the measure of congressional success, then all 47 of them should have — right?
Back in June, the House passed what the AP called “a far-reaching anti-abortion bill ... that conservatives saw as a milestone in their 40-year campaign against legalized abortion and Democrats condemned as yet another example of the GOP war on women.” If the Senate had gone along with that proposal, would advocates of activist government be more happy now — or less?
When critics of Congress insist it ought to do something, they perhaps do not mean bills like that. What they want, they would tell you, is for Congress to address real problems.
But everybody has a different idea of what the real problems are, which is a problem itself. And even when Congress tackles what most people agree is a real problem, its proposed solution often can prove more problematic than the problem it was designed to confront.
Take online piracy. When counterfeiters sell ersatz versions of software such as the popular Rosetta Stone language-teaching program, they steal money and jobs from legitimate, tax-paying companies — and the people who work for them. Online piracy robs everybody from big-budget Hollywood studios to small indie rock bands. It needs to stop.
Congress' answer? The Stop Online Piracy Act, or SOPA — a 2011 measure that, according to critics, could have shut down entire swaths of the Internet on the slightest pretext. Wikipedia, Google, Reddit, Tumblr, and scads of other online portals fired up protest drives, petitions — even “American Censorship Day” — to oppose the measure. A million blogs erupted in self-righteous fury. Hacktivist groups launched denial-of-service attacks against SOPA supporters, effectively committing online criminal acts to protest legislation aimed at stopping online criminality.
The critics won the day. Given the choice between SOPA and Congress doing nothing, they preferred Congress do nothing. No bill got passed. According to today's conventional wisdom, this was a great loss.
True, the country faces many other pressing issues: Unemployment. Poverty. Health care. Immigration reform. Crime and violence. Educational mediocrity. Crushing federal debt. Soaring college costs. And so on.
But what makes those who demand a more active federal government think it will produce the right solutions — or even stop exacerbating the problems in the first place? Why the apparent assumption that a government which has given us the sequester, Obamacare, SOPA, and so on — a government that thinks subsidizing college will bring the price down; a government that thinks we can change Cuba by imposing sanctions and change Iran by lifting them — will suddenly start doing everything right?
Even a dead cat should know better than that.
By
Red Ice Radio
Independent journalist Patrick Henningsen, is the managing editor of 21st Century Wire, which delivers news and exposés on intelligence, foreign policy, climate change, the war on terror, technology and Wall Street.
In the first hour Patrick talks with host Henrik Palmgren about the situation in Syria as Britain and France, together with Israel and US support are destabilizing the country. Fake revolutions with the aid of Google and the National Endowment for Democracy are reshaping and reforming countries faster than any invasion could. We also discuss the NSA surveillance debacle and Ed Snowden in the main stream media. Henningsen explains how whistleblowers have now become an intricate part of the geopolitical game. In the second hour, we begin on government surveillance and the global spying network. Then, we'll discuss what a global government would need in order to have a smooth transition. Later, Patrick explains how countries who still value the family unit and small local business are being infiltrated. They talk about the vision of how the elite would like to see the world. We end on Michael Hastings…
READ MORE SNOWDEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Snowden Files
By Olivia Bradley
The Menominee Nation is working tirelessly to spread the word about its NoBack40 Initiative, which aims to combat the Back Forty Mine Project - a project threatening sacred land and the environment, in particular the Menominee River.
The Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin has lived in Wisconsin and parts of Michigan and Illinois for 10,000 years. They previously lived on over 10 million acres of land, but treaties dating back to the 1800's have reduced this to 235,000 acres. In the 1950's, Congress passed the Menominee Termination Act, which withheld federal recognition of the Tribe. Federal recognition was reinstated in 1973 when, after years of activism by the Menominee Nation, the Menominee Restoration Act was passed.
The Menominee Tribe includes five communities, Keshena, Neopit, Middle Village, Zoar, and South Branch. The Menominee Nation's cultural and spiritual connection to the Menominee River goes back thousands of years, to their creation story. The Menominee have no migration story because their creation story begins at the headwaters of the Menominee River. The first Menominee was created when the Ancestral Bear came out of the Menominee River and became human. An Eagle joined the Bear, and so on until the five main clans (Bear, Eagle, Wolf, Moose, and Crane) were formed. Today, the Menominee's reservation is only sixty minutes from their ancestral place of creation. Clearly, the Menominee River has vital cultural significance for the Menominee People as the birthplace of their people and Nation.
However, the mine does not only threaten the river. The banks of the river are home to miles of complex raised garden beds, ancient village sites, burial sites, and other sacred sites. There is a concentration of these sites at the Sixty Island area where the proposed mine would be located. The construction of the mine could destroy these raised beds, which are historically important to understanding the techniques used to grow corn and other agricultural plants at that latitude. It could also destroy nearby sites of worship and burial mounds. The river has sacred cultural significance, as well as ecological and environmental importance.
According to Starlyn Tourtillott, an assistant tribal attorney for the Menominee Tribe of Wisconsin, the Back Forty Mine Project would be, if materialized, an open pit sulfide mine that would extract zinc, copper, gold and silver. It is run by Aquila Resources Inc,, a Canadian company, which has spent 10 years and more than $70 million trying to advance this harmful project. The mine would be located only 150 feet from the Menominee River. This is culturally and environmentally troubling. The Back Forty Mine Project needs four permits to begin its construction. It has already been granted three - the Nonferrous Metallic Mineral Mining Permit, the Michigan Air Use Permit to Install, and the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System Permit. It still requires a Wetland Permit.
NoBack40 in an initiative by the Menominee Nation to oppose the Back Forty Mine Project. Its goal is to raise public awareness about the mine project and mobilize support among the public, political leaders, and environmental groups to oppose the mine.
The environmental concerns for the mining project are rooted in fears of water contamination - which is a concern of both the Menominee Tribe and a concern of citizens of Michigan and Wisconsin. While the proposed mine site is located in Michigan, the Menominee River is all that separates the two states, prompting counties like Marinette, WI to pass resolutions in opposition to the mine. The minerals will not only be extracted from the mine, but also processed there, a mere 150 feet from the river, which increases the risk of contamination and pollution. It is a sulfide mine and the risk of sulfuric acid reaching the river is high. Sulfuric acid is dangerous to wildlife, local vegetation, and humans if it seeps into the freshwater river, nearby lakes and streams, or groundwater. Since the Menominee River is a part of the larger Great Lakes ecosystem, the potential consequences of the mining project are far-reaching to communities and people who depend on it for fresh water. The Great Lakes are the largest surface freshwater system on Earth - only the polar ice caps contain more fresh water. The Great Lakes represent 21% of the world's fresh surface water and 84% of North America's fresh surface water. The Great Lakes and its tributaries, including the Menominee River, are relied upon for clean water, religious practices, fishing, economic development, agriculture, and tourism. Additionally, both the Escanaba State Forest Shakey Lakes Oak-Pine Barrens Ecological Reference Area and the proposed site of the Biodiversity Stewardship Area are near the proposed site of the mine and could face ecological consequences as well.
On February 24, 2017 the Menominee Nation filed a petition for a contested case hearing on the Mine Permit issued to Aquila in December 2016 by the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality. Gary Besaw, Menominee Tribal Chairman, said that “The MDEQ and Aquila Resources Inc. are well aware of the Menominee Indian Tribe's close cultural connection to this area and our serious concern in regards to our cultural resources….despite these valid and well documented concerns a full evaluation of the cultural resources and mounds threatened by this project never occurred.” The cultural significance of the burial bounds to the Menominee has been confirmed by the University of Michigan in conjunction with the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act.
American Rivers, an advocacy organization for the protection and restoration of rivers in the United States, recently released an updated list of the most endangered rivers in America. Menominee River was number 10 because of the sulfide mine. American Rivers writes: “Acid mine drainage could cause irreversible harm to the river's clean water and fish and wildlife.” It also explains that “The Menominee River is simply not the place for a risky mine, and the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality must deny the Canadian mining company's permit.” The Menominee are not alone in their efforts to stop the Back Forty Mine Project. Seven other local Native American tribes, non-Indigenous communities living near the river, and the Superior Watershed Partnership have all expressed their dissent toward the project.
Front 40 is a 501(c)(3) non-profit in Michigan which has also been fighting the Back Forty Mining Project since 2003. “It is the principal objective of the Front 40 Environmental Group to ensure that metallic sulfide mining operations are not allowed to adversely impact our rivers, lakes, groundwater, and lands.” They aim to do this by raising public awareness for the mining project and the economic and environmental reasons for opposing it.
The Mining Action Group, previously known as Save the Wild UP, is another grassroots organization that aims to protect clean water in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. It has also spoken out about Aquila's Back Forty Project, especially since Aquila started submitting its permit applications in 2015. They recognize both the environmental and the cultural concerns of the mine, stating that “The mouth of the Menominee River is the origin place of the Menominee people and forms the basis of Menominee origin stories, traditions, and tribal identity.” And as such, the mine “is poised to destroy cultural resources of the Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin.”
To help the Menominee Nation in their fight against Aquila Resources Inc. and the Back Forty Mine Project, visit NoBack40's website or facebook page for more information.
Photos courtesy of Menominee Indian Tribe of Wisconsin.
Up on Indiegogo, with a playable demo
Back in July we got a barebones announcement that Skullgirls developer Lab Zero Games has been working on a role-playing game called Indivisible and that it would begin a crowdfunding campaign for it late in September. It's a week late from that target, but now it's here, and we have a lot to look at.
It's currently up on Indiegogo, and it has already made a decent splash. In about eight hours it has raised over $70,000 toward its funding goal. That sounds like a lot, but the base funding goal is set at a hefty $1.5 million, so there's still a ways to go.
The reason it caught my attention (and possibly the attention of so many others -- thanks to everybody who sent this tip in) is the exploration/metroidvania aspect of it. In the prototype gameplay video below, you can see protagonist Ajna gain an axe, which gives them the new exploration ability to climb sheer rock faces where walljumping isn't possible.
Not only that, but the seamless transition between exploration and turn-based battle will never stop being cool. Chrono Trigger says hello. Of course, all that is built on some great hand-drawn art and animation.
All of this is currently playable in a demo, downloadable from the official Indivisible site. Lab Zero and 505 Games intend to release Indivisible on Linux, Mac, PlayStation 4, Windows, and Xbox One in 2018.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Around the country, mobile phone networks were cut off and foreign media had been banned from covering the annual commemoration of the killing of three students under the former shah in 1953.
Supporters of opposition leader Mirhossein Mousavi chanted "Death to the dictator" and "Do not be scared. We are all together", according to witnesses at public rallies on university campuses.
Up to 20 mothers who have staged weekly protests in central Tehran's Laleh Park were in custody after a round-up.
The group detained reportedly included the mother of Neda Agha-Soltan, 26, who was shot by pro-government militia at the height of the protests. Hajar Rostami-Motlaq, Miss Soltan's mother, condemned pro-government students who staged a reconstruction of the incident outside the British embassy last week. That rally blamed British agents for killing Miss Soltan and demanded the extradition of Arash Hejazi, the doctor who tried to save their lives and subsequently fled to Oxford.
Iran's Islamic regime has failed to crush protests against the outcome of the June presidential election, which returned President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to power amid accusations of ballot rigging.
"Police fired tear gas at demonstrators in Vali-ye Asr Square ... they are clashing with protesters," a witness reported.
Television pictures showed hundreds of men and women gathering in front of Tehran university gates, giving hand gestures of "V" for victory.
Riot police surrounded Tehran University, where the main state rally was held, to prevent the opposition from staging new demonstrations against the government.
Iran's Revolutionary Guards and Basij militia had warned the opposition not to use the rally to revive protests against the clerical establishment after the June vote.
Internet connections were slow or completely down.
"The network in central Tehran and near Tehran university is completely down," said the Rah-e Sabz website.
Mr Mousavi issued a message that warned the country's leadership that popular frustration was continuing to grow.
"You fight people on the streets, but you are constantly losing your dignity in people's minds," Mr Mousavi, a former prime minister, said. "Even if you silence all the universities, what are you going to do with the society?"
Clashes between police and students were reported at a handful of universities in the capital and other large cities.
Iranian students were commemorating three scholars who were killed by Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi's security forces on Dec 7, 1953, as they protested the ouster of Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh. Opposition websites announced plans to hold rallies this year to reinvigorate protests prompted by Iranian officials said 36 people were killed in the clashes that followed the election, while the opposition put the toll at 72 and said some of the deaths were the result of beatings during detention.
The International Energy Agency has made a dramatic call for governments to end their policy inertia and push towards a radical transformation of the global energy network, ending the dependence of centralised fossil fuel generation and pushing towards more flexible systems, where more than half of the world's electricity comes from renewables by the middle of the century.
“When will governments wake up to the dangers of complacency and adopt the bold policies that radically transform our energy system?” IEA executive director Maria van der Hoeven said. “Let me be straight. Our ongoing failure to realise the full potential of clean energy technology is alarming.”
In its long-awaited analysis entitled Energy Perspectives 2012 – a 68 page document that looks at the status of technology development, the alternatives, the state of policy support and R&D, and various scenarios for the future – the IEA says the transformation of the energy grid to meet the “2°C scenarios” which could give the world the best chance of avoiding dangerous climate change would be costly.
But by 2025, the investment would have paid itself back, and by 2050 would have delivered three times the extra investment required in savings. “An additional $US36 trillion of investment would be required to overhaul the world's current energy system by the middle of the century, but this would be offset by $US100 trillion in savings through reduced use of fossil fuels,” it says. (Note that this $US36 trillion is over and above the $100 trillion that will be spent in business-as-usual).
But the IEA warns that the window for action is closing fast. It repeats its calls for the replacement of subsidies for fossil fuels, a level playing field for new technologies, and laments the fact that R&D for emerging technologies is less than it was in the 1980s.
“Continued heavy reliance on a narrow set of technologies and fossil fuels is a significant threat to energy security, stable economic growth and global welfare, as well as to the environment,” van der Hoeven said.
The IEA wants global investments in clean energy to double by 2020, and renewed focus on what it sees as critical technologies – CCS, solar thermal, and offshore wind. Two of those technologies are areas where Australia can play a critical role – as it can with enhanced geothermal systems, which the IEA sees as providing 5 per cent of global electricity by 2075 – but where policy failings and the lack of private funds have caused inertia in development.
The 2075, projections are particularly interesting, and the table below shows how such a scenario would look when 99 per cent of the world's electricity comes from zero-carbon sources. As the IEA says, zero carbon is within reach, but we're not quite there. Solar thermal (or concentrating solar power) accounts for 13 per cent of the world's electricity needs by 2075, underlining the importance of a technology highlighted by the report we wrote about last week.
Solar PV contributes nearly 10 per cent, and wind 20 per cent. Geothermal power, mostly through enhanced geothermal systems (being pioneered in Australia and Germany) account for nearly 5 per cent. Nuclear provides 19 per cent.
However, the IEA has also canvassed the possibilities should CCS fail to deliver, and nuclear is not deployed as much as expected. In the Hi-Ren scenario in the table at the bottom of the story, the share of renewables by 2050 goes from 57 per cent to 71 per cent. Note the huge jumps in contribution from the likes of solar PV. Under the various scenarios, solar PV rises from 20TWh now to more than 4,800TWh in less than four decades; CSP goes from 1TWh to more than 4,200TWh. Offshore wind shows similar growth, while nuclear doubles and biomass rises 10-fold. Onshore wind rises more than 15-fold. However, gas' ambitions are greatly reduced from under the business-as-usual scenario, but not as dramatically as coal.
(It's important to note that, in these scenarios, the IEA is not factoring in any radical changes in habits – i.e. less material consumption, people living in caves in hair shirts, etc. It factors in increased demands with a growing and wealthier population, the only change that might occur is more use of mass transit).
But as the IEA underlines throughout the document, it is not merely a matter of delivering new technologies, but requires a rethink of the way energy systems are managed.
The Agency laments the fact that current energy system is dominated by large, centralised generation based mainly on fossil fuels. It says the low-carbon energy system of the future will be characterised by greater diversity of technologies and fuels, more renewable energy, and increased complexity across the entire infrastructure. The change in thinking requires a focus on the efficiency of the actual service provided, (e.g. thermal comfort, instead of the energy delivered), so is more about a service than a commodity.
And the new energy system will look for complementary resources and needs across different sectors. Examples of these include the use of electric vehicles that link the transport sector to the power sector, increased use of electricity or cogeneration in heating; use of thermal storage to balance variable renewable generation; more sophisticated demand response; and the possibility of using hydrogen for energy storage and as an energy carrier for heating, power generation and transportation.
Fossil fuels would not disappear – although the table below does suggest their market share is hugely diminished – but their role would change to one of flexibility, to balance generation and demand fluctuations. The coal-fired plants that remain will need to have CCS to cut emissions, and they will have to learn how to become dispatchable, and to change load in demand.
This also has particular relevance to Australia, because of our current dependence on coal, and was a prospect raised by Professor Ross Garnaut in their report. Garnaut was mocked by the electricity industry experts as someone who knew nothing about the subject. But as the IEA pointedly notes, one of the key ingredients to a clean energy future will be the addition of experts from other areas – demand management, efficiency, IT and systems management. It's time for new technologies, and a new way of thinking.
As we filed into the arena today, it was mentioned that Lupul would be out again (back spasms) and that Phil Kessel would be returning home for a funeral for the passing of their Grandfather. Other absentees were Matt Finn and Colton Orr (leg bruise, one week).
I was standing solo and Paul Hendrick came over to me saying, “I hear that you wrote nice things about me yesterday in your article… thanks Corey.” We shared some laughs, mostly at my expense, and they carried on. Right after they left, Jonas Siegel stopped for a chat and mentioned, “I heard you were in London for the Rookie games but I didn't get to see you…” I assume that they meant members of MLHS staff were there reporting. The positive to this is that members of the mainstream media are recognizing Alec's and Declan's hard work with the Maple Leafs Hot Stove website. Times are changing with how sports are being covered and I believe MLHS can provide the fans with something that the MSM cannot.
Onto the practice
Today, Team B took to the ice first. There were lots of drills and lap skating that took place on the main sheet of ice. One of the drills was a one on one drill in speed skating. Both players would skate through three pylons and then race to centre ice for a puck and continue in on the goalie. Mason Raymond, as you can imagine, did just fine in this department, but there one was glaring surprise. This shocker was also noticed by Jeff O'Neill, who mentioned it on the radio during their show on TSN Radio. Joe Colborne cleanly beat Jake Gardiner when they went head to head! Yeah, the 6'5″ deer on ice has gained at least a step on the ice this season. Is this going to be a regular occurrence that they beat guys in a foot race? Probably not, but it is indicative of how much time they have spent working on their foot speed.
While the ice was being flooded for scrimmage, I went over to the Marlies rink to watch Team A getting put through their paces. Not much of interest on that ice surface, but it is great to see the regulars and how much pace they have. It's just a stride or two quicker than the younger AHL/Junior players, but it is impressive. It seems we are well taken care of with the team speed, on our blueline especially. We have plenty of very agile, quick players. Even the stay-at-home D are faster that previous generations of Leafs, and for that I am thankful.
Scrimmage Time
Things started off slow. Randy Carlyle was up in the “crowd” watching from their usual viewing point. Two shifts into it, their assistant (couldn't see who) stopped the practice and proceeded to read the riot act to the players on Team B. They were PISSED at the intensity and berated them for a solid 30 seconds (trust me, that is eternity if you are being yelled at). The pace picked up after play resumed and certain players stood out. Morgan Rielly, Jake Gardiner and Petter Granberg all had a solid session. Rielly and Gardiner are so smooth on the ice it is hard to describe, but their puck handling and passing are just as impressive to watch. Granberg played 2-on-1 and 1-on-1 situations absolutely perfectly and seems to be gaining confidence by the shift. Raymond was also part of this group and showed that their speed is NHL calibre, but I am not so sure about their desire to get involved in the physical battles. It was at this part of the day that Carlyle said to me, “you better cover your ears or move because I am going to blow this whistle a lot.” They were the time clock version of the horn from yesterday. I believe everybody realized that was irritating, and I chose to move.
Scrimmage #2
Team A took to the ice after a fresh flood and I had a feeling the intensity was going to be ramped up. I was right, because scrimmage 2 bore witness to more hitting and the passing/skating was a level higher. I understand why some players might, but it's nice to see nobody really coasting (Tim Connolly, yes I still remember you). During this session, there were continued battles between Ashton and Dion. Ashton was actually all over the ice and hits pretty much whomever they think they should. They look faster and controls the puck well. He's a surprise so far for me in camp. Gauthier made a very nice play on Nazem Kadri; when Kadri felt like they could dangle just inside the blueline, Frederik calmly stayed in position and then separated Naz from the puck. Textbook defensive coverage.
Paul Ranger continued their strong play from a positional point of view. They don't do anything too flashy, but did play a 2 on 1 very well after Trevor Murphy made a poor pinch at the blue line to try and keep a puck in. Ranger will grow on fans if given a chance. Immediately after some more physical play, Dion Phaneuf really caught Carter Ashton at centre ice. Knocked them ass over tea kettle and reminded the youngster to be careful who you mess with. The Captain has a long memory. (Side note: After the scrimmage and stretching, Dion went right over to Ashton, asked them if they were okay, and tapped them on the shin pads before skating off… Class act).
Times like this make me smile as a fan. Darryl Sittler was talking to Carlyle right beside me. Two of my favourite Leafers from the past right there smiling and laughing. Does it get better? Yes, only because they talked for so long that Carlyle forgot to blow to the whistle to signal the end of the shift. The guys on the ice were dying. Finally, Clarkson just dumped the puck in and everybody stopped skating. Carlyle realized their mistake and kind of laughed at the players. Nobody was pissed, but it was one of those human moments we don't get to see often at Camp.
The scrimmage ended and players filtered off the rink for another 1.5 hrs of “off-ice workouts” before calling it quits today. I am sure there will be a ton of interviews posted by TSN, Leafs TV and Sportsnet. There are so many awesome potential story lines from this Camp. I see this team as a fast, rugged, tough group with the ability to score in bunches. The young standouts looking for a spot on the big club blueline are Rielly, Gardiner, Blacker and Granberg. I believe any of them can make an NHL Team (if not ours) in the very near future; of course, that is if you haven't already pencilled Jake Gardiner into the line-up based on their play from last years series with the Bruins.
That is it from the MCC for Day #2 (Day #3 if you included medicals, which I don't). Hope you enjoyed following along with my tweets today and if you have any questions please do not hesitate to ask.
BOOSTER SHOTS: Oddities, musings and news from the
health world Happiness should be a top government priority, expert says
The biggest hurdle, writes Charles Seaford , head of the Center for Well-being at the New Economics Foundation in London, is figuring out how to define happiness:
If this all sounds ridiculously far-fetched, consider that the U.S. government is already “taking steps to measure quality of life,” according to a commentary published in Thursday's edition of the journal Nature. So are government officials in Britain, Germany, China, France, Australia, Ecuador, Italy and Spain.
That's right. There's a growing movement among economists and other researchers to make the psychological well-being of citizens a major government priority. The first step, they say, is to come up with a way to measure a nation's happiness. Ideally they'd like to be able to boil it all down into a single statistic that will resonate with voters – think of it as a mental health equivalent of GDP or the unemployment rate.
Someday in the not-too-distant future, the U.S. departments of Defense, Health and Human Services, Justice and Labor could be joined be a new executive branch entity: The Department of Happiness.
Psychologists see it as ‘good functioning' or the meeting of psychological needs, an approach that emphasizes relationships, autonomy, competence and purpose. Economists use more abstract terms such as ‘happiness' or ‘utility.'
We do know that maximizing happiness doesn't always correspond with maximizing a country's economic output. For instance, an economic boom may be good for your bank account but the chaos it can cause may be bad for your sense of inner peace. A study published last year in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that money didn't buy much happiness for Americans who already earned at least $75,000 a year.
If policymakers were to prioritize happiness over economic growth, they might favor policies aimed at keeping employment stable and unemployment low instead of policies that helped companies maximize their profits. They might also do more to protect the environment and preserve open spaces even if that meant sacrificing a few ticks of GDP, Seaford writes.
Seaford and their colleagues at the New Economics Foundation are already gathering data on happiness in Britain. In April, they explain, the Office of National Statistics added four questions to its Integrated Household Survey to assess “how satisfied people are with their lives; how happy they were yesterday; how anxious they were yesterday; and how worthwhile they think the things they do are.”
To goal is to create a well-being index that is easy for regular folks to understand. “Unless voters care, politicians won't care. And voters won't care without a number – a measure that tells them how thigns have been going and might be projected to the future,” Seaford writes.
The full essay is available online only to Nature subscribers, but you can read a summary of it here.
"City of ruins", the world's first digital reconstruction of a city destroyed during the Second World War, will be presented in the Warsaw Rising Museum from 1st August. The production of the film was entrusted to Platige Image. For 2 years, over 30-people team of graphic artists worked on the film.The film is over-five-minutes' long simulation of the flight of a Liberator plane over the destroyed Warsaw of 1945. The image suggestively conveys the horror and the scale of destruction of the capital city after the Second World War.If you have not seen it with your own eyes, isolated photos from the time of the war will not convey it. It is only the film that truly reveals what Warsaw looked like just after the war had ended and from what kind of ruins it was raised, Jan Ołdakowski, the Director of the Warsaw Rising Museum. encourages the visitors to come to the Museum and watch the film.
BY CARLOS CRUZ MOSQUERA
The recently-leaked Paradise Papers and the parasites it exposes should come as no surprise to anyone given the nature of global capitalism.
What it does do, however, is help those of us struggling to dismantle the capitalist-imperialist system point to tangible ways in which the ruling class hoards wealth gained from exploiting workers and resources all over the world, especially in the Global South.
Today, when we speak up against the capitalist-imperialist system that engulfs the whole planet, most citizens of the West, which makes up a majority of the First World, would dismiss you as a conspiracy theorist. At best, some leftists in the West would admit to some multinationals that operate outside state boundaries and international law.
The Paradise Papers incident irrefutably demonstrates that monarchies, governments, individual politicians, national businesses, multinationals and even everyday citizens take part in exploiting the masses of the Global South.
That is, the global capitalist system has been designed to benefit the core nations, including their respective working classes, by leeching off of periphery nations.
Take, for example, the case of the British Queen's estate who was exposed as having had invested in the BrightHouse retailer as part of an offshore portfolio. All liberal media outlets in the West cried this as unjust because the Queen and their estate avoided taxation in Great Britain, tax wealth that could potentially have gone to the government's treasury for the benefit of the general public.
What all of these media outlets also failed to detail was the fact that BrightHouse's profits come from the exploitation of workers and resources in the Third World. It is true their involvement in capitalist-imperialist practices are indirect as they are retailers of other brands. Nonetheless, their multibillion-dollar business undoubtedly helps oil the gears of this system.
Similarly, more obvious multinational companies such as Nike, Apple and Amazon were all also found to have made use of offshore accounts in order to avoid paying taxes. Focusing on the fact that they don't pay their taxes helps to distract from the fact that their profits are made from the enslavement of workers, often children, in the Global South.
Ultimately, the West is not interested in this broad economic and geopolitical context. To the West and its media, what matters most is that those implicated share their capitalist loot in the form of “fair” tax contributions.
The problem is then painted as if it were isolated cases of “corruption” and “fraud,” rather than about a world system that oppresses and exploits billions of human lives.
The importance of leaking documents such as the Paradise Papers is not just the individual cases that are exposed but linking these cases to the broader problem of capitalism-imperialism.
If we trace the wealth of all those implicated in these documents we will undoubtedly arrive at the conclusion that capitalism as a whole is the problem. Not its deficient regulations and its defective laws, but the system in its entirety.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
This week end-of-summer errands have converged with beginning-of-fall errands to make for a week that has been replete with things to do that are not crochet.
There are appointments to be met, clothes to be bought, closets to be cleared, laundry to be washed, trash to be put out, recycling to be gathered, hair to be cut, a dog to be walked, and, when time permits, food to be eaten.
So the past couple of days I have not crocheted anywhere near as much as I would like, and certainly nowhere near as much as I will need to if I am going to get my 2016 North Carolina State Fair project done by noon on October 10, but in far-flung moments, I did manage small bits of progress.
Yesterday while I found myself waiting (thankfully near vending machines that dispensed both diet soda and Swedish Fish), I pulled out my 5.0 mm crochet hook and made more of the one-round granny squares I need for my project.
Fifteen one-round granny squares later:
the appointment was over, and I was onto the next thing.
When I finally did get home in the late afternoon, I managed to crochet a couple of more pieces for the crazy quilt center panel of my state fair project before I had to put it away for the day.
Then early this afternoon (after finishing another load of laundry), I was headed out the door when to my delight, I found an envelope I had been waiting for on my front porch.
Here is a photo of the delightful drawing that festooned the package:
Unable to take the time to properly open it and delve into the crochet goodness contained within, I continued on my errands and got home in time to layout most of the crochet crazy quilt pieces I have made to get a sense of my progress:
I am hoping that after I get through this week, I am able to devote at least three full days of the next week to making progress on my state fair piece. Until then, I will work to make forward progress, one stitch at a time.
New way in old fashion Markup language
Spread the love
A language which starts all projects
HTML5 is the latest version of HTML (Hypertext Markup Language). It comes with a number of cutting-edge features that empower developers to develop websites and apps with acceleration in performance, speed, and functionality while offering an enhanced web experience.
Key features
Though in some ways HTML5 isn't completely different from its earlier versions, there're some key features that set it apart from the pack. Let's have a look at them.
With the help of HTML5, you can create a more detail-oriented understanding of the structure of a web page.
You can eliminate a majority of div tags and replace them with semantic elements using HTML5, making them cleaner and neater.
It comes with an amazing facility for better offline browsing. With HTML5, designers can specify the pages or files that need to be cached. It ensures that while trying to reload the files or pages, without any internet connection, the files or pages are displayed in minimal time.
HTML5 comes with a significant number of geolocation APIs. It lets users share the information of their whereabouts with others. There're several ways to make it happen – wireless network connection, your IP address, dedicated GPS to calculate the latitude and longitude, and cell tower the phone is talking to.
HTML5 offers two storage objects i.e. Session storage and Local storage that behave like a temporary database for applications. It leads to a reduction in cookie size as the structured data is stored temporarily.
Web pages have always heavily relied on functional and well-designed forms when it comes to transporting data to the server. HTML5 offers support for all standardized form input types together with some additional ones like date, month, time, week, range, email, number etc.
HTML5 comes with some exciting new elements. For instance, <canvas> that offers you a drawing space in JavaScript on the web pages. It can add graphs or images to tooltips or can develop dynamic graphs on the web pages. Elements like <audio> and <video> lets you add sound and video to the web pages.
Difference between HTML4 and HTML5
Let's have a look at how HTML5 is made better compared to HTML4.
Multimedia: In HTML4, the multimedia content was integrated via third-party plugins. HTML5 offers inbuilt support for integrated multimedia files via audio and video tags.
Syntax: Syntax is made simpler and clearer in HTML5 than HTML4.
Geographical location: In HTML4, it was a highly difficult task to get geographical locations of the users of the site. On the contrary, it's extremely easy to get user location in HTML5. Unless the user is using a Virtual Private Network, in that case, HTML5 will find location but may be tricked with some development knowledge, VPN server and IP.
Client-side storage: In HTML4, a limited amount of browser's cache was used. In HTML5, this problem has been taken care of via application cache and Web SQL database.
JavaScript threading mechanism: In HTML4, JavaScript and browser interface to run in the same thread that affects performance. In HTML5, JS Web Worker API allows both of them to run in different threads.
Why does it matter to you?
HTML5 brings an array of advantages for the web users. For instance, you'll get web pages with better standards that'll lead to improved performance and more efficient content. With it, web pages will load faster with less bandwidth used and increased battery life on mobile devices. In addition, you won't need to keep plugins like Java and Flash updated, failing which sites would stop working. With HTML5, everything will become easier and simpler for web developers. If everything goes well, they won't need to handle edge cases in web design as all browsers will be adhering to the same standards.
It can be concluded that even under the limited scope of HTML4, web developers have created some amazing websites. So, we can expect to see some neat advancements with the enhanced functionality of HTML5.
[Stride]-Stride Step-[Choose one or more cards with the sum of their grades being 3 or greater from your hand, and discard them] Stride this card on your (VC) from face down.
[AUTO](VC) Generation Break 3:[Counter Blast (1)] When this unit attacks a vanguard, you may pay the cost. If you do, search your deck for up to three cards with the brave ability, call them to separate (RC), shuffle your deck, and for each unit called, choose a card from your hand, and discard it. (If the number of cards in your hand is less that the number of units called, discard your hand)
[AUTO](VC)Brave (Active when you have three or fewer cards in your hand):When your unit attacks, that unit gets [Power]+3000 until end of that battle.
We've crossed the halfway point in the “Scent Off!” Sharpologist has challenged artisan shaving soap makers to come up with a Fall or Winter “seasonal” scented shaving soap, to be judged by our panel of shaving experts. Previous entries looked at Mystic Water's Indian Summer, Barrister & Mann's Hallows, and How To Grow A Moustache's Pumpk'n 3.14. This week: Fitjar Soap‘s “Frost Rose.”
Fitjar Soap Frost Rose
Artisan Bio: Fitjar Soap is a small company that was founded in 2002. We produce shaving soap, soaps and other natural skin care products. The soaps are made by hand, without compromise, with love, in Fitjar. The Fitjar coastline is a paradise for all who enjoy the company of seagulls and eagles, everchanging weather and fresh ocean air, and who value a simple life in tune with the elements. The landscape is weatherworn and rough, but offers a sheltered harbour for those who come close enough. Fitjar Soap hopes to infuse the products with the fresh energy and wholesome atmosphere of the landscape and air of the beautiful Fitjar coastline, to offer a small piece of life on the western coast of Norway.
Entry Description: The scents of our products are created only with essential oils, which limits the range of fragrances that are possible to create, but keeps the products smelling fresh and natural, which it fits the profile of the company. I welcome the challenge of creating a seasonal scent for this competition, and hope to get the chance to submit my contribution.
Judges Comments on Fitjar Frost Rose
Scent
“Smelled like a cold Christmas morning with rose and a hint of menthol. Fantastic.”
” I liked it. It was a nice soft Rose with just a hint of menthol. The scent was almost gone when lathering but not a distraction in my opinion.”
“If you love Rose scented creams or floral scents you have to try this one. It smells like Roses, very strong but at the same time delicate. Also other floral notes are there which makes it a complex scent, something that many of us truly appreciate. Also, due to the pine notes, is a fresh scent, not on the sweet side of Rose scented shaving creams.”
“I will readily disclose that a soap or cream in a rose scent that is done well is one of my favorite scents for a shaving soap or cream. This soap has to be one of the best, if not the best, rose scented soap that I have ever had the privilege to try and I have tried many of the rose scent creams and soaps… This scent was not [just] a “home run” but rather a “grand slam” and a scent that I would choose daily.”
“I like the idea, but for me the scent was extremely faint—not unpleasant, but did not get the rose note at all.”
“The rose with the touch of pine is pretty nice, with a reasonable strength level. However, I'm not sure that the menthol is all that suitable for what's supposed to be a seasonal scent winter/autumn scent. It reminds one of winter, but it's not something that I'd want to be using during winter.”
Scent Score: 8.7
Performance
“Of all the soaps this one lathered the best considering the sample was extremely small. Protection is first rate and felt great on the skin. “
“Very nice lather. I could generate and control the thickness of the suds very easily. Cushion was decent. No irritation and I could feel the menthol just enough to know it was there.”
“Well, this is where I find its weakest point. The cream has a thick texture, something that I also like but some creams with Olive Oil as an ingredient are hard, very hard to lather or to get stable, thick lather from.”
“This was not my first time using a Fitjar soap, so I had some expectations of how I thought the soap would perform and I was not disappointed. I found it easy to produce a rich, lubricating lather that provided a good cushioning…. My face felt conditioned during and after each shave with a softness that lingered long after the morning shave.”
“Performance was excellent, especially given the small puck size…. Fitjar Såpekokeri has always had good lather for me, and this is no different.”
“Once again, these artisans are knocking it out of the park. Both the soap and the cream were quite excellent.”
Performance Score: 8.2
Presentation
“Came in a plain but heavy-duty box with cut paper as a protective lining inside along with a history of soap making in Norway and instructions on how to use.”
“The small sample container being white with the silver top was a nice Christmas touch. Although nothing fancy, I thought it captured the holiday. “
“Neat looking presentation just for two samples of shaving creams and soap. In the details you can find the excellence and in this case well done for Jorun (he is woman behind Fitjar soaps and creams). The cream came in a 20 ml container and both the cream and the soap came on a carboard box , with a paper explaining the story behind the Rose Frost scent and its ingredients.”
“This presentation of the Frost Rose or “Christmas Rose” soap and cream from Fitjar was middle of the road for me. It arrived from Norway in great shape and was a travel size shaving soap and a 20ml shaving cream. There was not a particular linkage in the presentation of the soap and cream to the seasonal or Frost Rose title of the soap.”
“Given the shipping barrier that a Norwegian vendor faces when shipping a lot of samples to the US, I found the presentation (in terms of contest) sensible and also engaging. As a gift, the soap (and shaving cream to boot!) were not presented as a regular under-the-tree gift, but would be perfect as a stocking stuffer. I applaud the ingenuity, and the little well-labeled cardboard container was a nice touch, with the crumpled paper-strand packing sort of adding to the excitement of opening the gift. Good approach to the design problem (which includes expensive international shipping).”
“The presentation was fairly nice, if a bit plain. The shredded paper to fill the extra space showed some good attention to detail, and the little jars used for the cream samples are very suitable.”
Presentation Score: 3.8
Tony Parker talked during the Finals about not seemingly have had time off in four years — they play for the Spurs from the fall through the spring, then for France every summer.
Not this summer, Parker is taking some time off. They think he's earned a vacation.
The biggest star in France, who led their team to its first European championship last summer, is going to sit out the FIBA World Cup in Spain late this summer, according to the French Basketball Federation (FFBB) via Reuters.
“Tony Parker is not in the squad. (Coach) Vincent Collet and I want them to take some rest after many demanding campaigns with France and demanding seasons with their club,” the national technical director Patrick Beesley said in a statement.
Parker has gone to back-to-back NBA Finals with the Spurs (he played 91 games this year, regular season and playoffs) and, as mentioned, has played for France during their summers off.
This will make Gregg Popovich happy. He's big on the whole rest thing.
Manu Ginobili has yet to decide if they will play for Argentina in the tournament. Kawhi Leonard has been invited to try out for Team USA, and their game certainly would fit the squad, but that is a deep pool of talent and it is possible they do not make it. Boris Diaw could play for the French team.
What does the former head of the Federal Reserve think of a digital currency that operates outside the control of central banks? The answer, unsurprisingly, is not much.
“Bitcoin is an attempt to replace fiat currency and evade regulation and government intervention. I don't think that's going to be a success,” Bernanke said on Monday afternoon in Toronto.
While addressing a conference hosted by the blockchain firm Ripple, Bernanke described bitcoin as a “mostly speculative venture” that “hasn't shown itself to be a real transactional currency.”
They also dismissed the idea, espoused by some die-hard bitcoin advocates, that the digital currency could be a rival to traditional government-controlled money.
“Eventually governments will take any action they need to prevent [that],” they said.
Their comments can be seen as a rebuke to some crypto-currency enthusiasts, who are skeptical of central banks and who recently photo-bombed the current Federal Reserve chair, Janet Yellen, with a “buy bitcoin” sign:
The good news for crypto-currency fans is that Bernanke, who helped steer the U.S. through the depths of the 2008 financial crisis, is not down on all digital money.
They praised Ripple, which provides blockchain software to banks and has its own native currency (known as XRP), for working with regulators.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Bernanke also acknowledged that blockchain technology, which relies on disparate computers to create a tamper-proof ledger of transactions, holds considerable promise for global banking systems.
“The Fed, the Bank of England, and Japan are very supportive of these technologies because they'll improve payment systems,” they said, adding blockchain will be especially effective in expediting cross-border payments.
Bernanke also observed that a blockchain-style system might have averted last year's debacle in which hackers exploited the SWIFT money transfer system to rob over $80 million from the Central Bank of Bangladesh.
Bernanke's comments came in the context of a larger discussion of banking and economics with Gene Sperling, a former director of the National Economic Council, and adviser to Presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clinton.
Their other notable remarks included a prediction that the Federal Reserve is unlikely to dramatically reduce its balance sheet (“monetary policy works better if the balance sheet is bigger”), and an observation that the Trump Administration is unlikely to deliver major economic stimulus through tax reform.
Meanwhile, the skepticism of bitcoin by Bernanke and other prominent financial figures like Jamie Dimon has done little to dent its price: the currency broke new records last week and is up five-fold from the start of the year. It's currently trading around $5,600.
This article is part of The Ledger, Fortune's focus on the intersection of tech and finance. For more coverage, click here.
‘How Many Fingers Should This Baby Have?', With Special Guests Craig Federighi and John Siracusa
Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi joins the show for a wide-ranging half-hour discussion about Swift — Apple's new programming language that just went open source.
Next, John Siracusa returns to the show to follow up on Federighi's segment on Swift. Other topics include Apple's new Smart Battery Case for the iPhone 6/6S, and our mutual (and perhaps futile) desire to head into this week's premiere of Star Wars: The Force Awakens knowing as few spoilers as possible.
Transcript of Craig Federighi's interview.
Download MP3.
Sponsored by:
Squarespace: Build it beautiful. Use code “GRUBER” for 10% off your first order.
Harry's: High-quality shaving products; great gift ideas. Use promo code “TALKSHOW” to save $5 off your first purchase.
Casper: Obsessively engineered mattresses at shockingly fair prices. Save $50 with this link.
Wealthfront: An intelligent, automated investing service. They'll build you a free personalized investment plan in 2 minutes.
Links:
This episode of The Talk Show was edited by Caleb Sexton.
SK Hynix has quietly added its HBM Gen 2 memory stacks to its public product catalog earlier this month, which means that the start of mass production should be imminent. The company will first offer two types of new memory modules with the same capacity, but different transfer-rates, targeting graphics cards, HPC accelerators and other applications. Over time, the HBM2 family will get broader.
SK Hynix intends to initially offer its clients 4 GB HBM2 4Hi stack KGSDs (known good stack dies) based on 8 Gb DRAM devices. The memory devices will feature a 1024-bit bus as well as 1.6 GT/s (H5VR32ESM4H-12C) and 2.0 GT/s (H5VR32ESM4H-20C) data-rates, thus offering 204 GB/s and 256 GB/s peak bandwidth per stack. Earlier this year a representative for SK Hynix revealed plans (in an interview with Golem.de) to start volume production of 4 GB HBM2 KGSDs in Q3 and the addition of the devices into product catalog confirms this information. Keep in mind that memory companies usually make announcements about the start of mass production when they are ready to deliver the first batch of new DRAM to a customer(s). Therefore, it is possible that SK Hynix may already be producing HBM2 stacks.
Specifications of SK Hynix's HBM2 Memory Chips Part Number Density Data Rate Bandwidth
per Stack Packaging Feature Availability H5VR32ESM4H-20C 4 GB 2.0 GT/s 256 GB/s 5mKGSD 4Hi stack, VDD/VDDQ=1.2V Q3'16 H5VR32ESM4H-12C 1.6 GT/s 204 GB/s
As outlined in our article published earlier this year, HBM2 memory can stack two, four or eight DRAM devices (2Hi, 4Hi, 8Hi stacks) interconnected using through silicon vias (TSVs) on a base logic die per KGSD (known good stacked die). Each DRAM device features two 128-bit channels, which use DDR signaling with a 2n prefetch architecture (256 bits per memory read and write access) and can operate at their own frequency or even in their own mode. SK Hynix uses 21 nm process technology to make its HBM2 memory and eventually plans to offer 2 GB and 8 GB KGSDs (featuring two or eight 8 Gb DRAM ICs) in addition to 4 GB stacks, aimed at providing memory for various applications. All HBM2 memory products from the company will have 1.2 V VDD/VDDQ and will come in new packages featuring 7.75 mm × 11.87 mm (91.99 mm2) dimensions.
Samsung Electronics began to mass produce its 4 GB 4Hi stack HBM2 KGSDs featuring 2 GT/s data-rate earlier this year and NVIDIA employed the new chips for its GP100 GPU. The first NVIDIA-branded card to use the HBM2 is the Tesla P100 compute accelerator, which has 16 GB of HBM2 memory with 720 GB/s bandwidth (as the DRAM interface operates at about 1.4 GT/s data-rate).
Speaking of HBM2 usage by commercial SoCs, last year SK Hynix said that it worked with 10 companies on various projects (including ASICs, x86 processors, ASSPs and FPGAs) featuring HBM memory (both generations), which indicates that the interest for multi-layer high-bandwidth DRAM is here. However, so far only AMD and NVIDIA have introduced actual products featuring HBM and HBM2.
When it comes to the original HBM, it is worth to mention that SK Hynix has removed such stacks from its catalog. It is unknown whether the company continues to ship them to interested parties, but given the fact that there are not a lot of products that utilize HBM1 today, small scale shipments should not be a problem (at least, until SK Hynix phases out its 29 nm production lines). Meanwhile, since HBM2 is here, it is feasible to assume that we are not going to see many new devices utilizing HBM1.
Rahm Emanuel may not be everyone's favorite mayor in regards to improving our city, but their new plan to transform vacant lots on Chicago's South Side into thriving and profitable urban farms in just three years is definitely a step in the right direction.
Farmers for Chicago will make up to five acres of city-owned lots available to local non-profits, who will in turn cultivate the land and create a network of area farmers to help relieve food desert-related issues.
Green-thumbed Chicagoans will also get the chance to build their own enterprises , as food from these farms will be distributed to more than a dozen local farmers markets, corner stores, restaurants and grocery chains.
Other awesome resources for potential volunteers include:
Chicago Botanic Garden- a science conservation center of over 50,000 members
Garfield Park Conservatory- one of the largest and most stunning conservatories in the nation
GreenNet Chicago- a coalition of nonprofits committed to green and sustainable open spaces
The Chicago Farmers- a public forum for community farmers since 1935
NeighborSpace- Chicago's only nonprofit land trust dedicated to the protection of city gardens
Chicago Gardeners- a network of links to Chicago's best garden bloggers
The Local Beet- an online hub for Chicagoans looking to eat local
Interested in growing your own food and flowers at home? Here are a few tips to get started:
Shop local
Visit your neighborhood nursery or farmers market for an assortment of gardening delights that won't break the bank. Home Depot may have lower prices on tools, soil and fertilizer; but for plants (especially herbs and flowers) locally-grown is the way to go. You can also buy seeds and food-producing plants at most local stores through the Illinois Link Card system. Another way to save money when gardening is by making your own compost. Instead of throwing away apple cores, eggshells and coffee grounds, store them in a sun-lit container and then mash them into soil for a nutrient-rich plant base on a budget.
Grow up
Don't have a lot of space? Get creative with plants that grow up instead of out. With a little pruning, vines like peas, beans and squashes can climb up a trellis or a pole, which can be leaned against the side of a sunny window if you don't have a balcony, porch or patio. Also, look for companion pairs that grow well together to control the insect balance in your garden and maximize cultivation in a tiny space. Alfalfa sprouts, lentils and garbanzo beans can thrive in small containers, while hanging pots for stemmy vegetables like tomatoes, eggplants and peppers can double as beautifully cascading décor.
Stick with the sustainable
Consult the 2013 Farmer's Almanac for a list of Chicago-specific planting dates for certain edible crops. Heirloom tomatoes are a great starter plant, as they are relatively easy to grow and taste delicious straight off the vine. Fresh herbs like basil, parsley, sage, rosemary, thyme and oregano are great for windowsills, since they require minimal maintenance and can flourish year-round indoors . Also, look for plants that don't need a lot of sunlight (think fall and winter produce like lettuce, peas, spinach, kale, carrots and potatoes) so that you can continue to grow your garden even after the few precious months of Chicago summer have come and gone.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
The boss of Tesco today braced customers for price rises in the wake of the pound's slump after the Brexit vote.
John Allan, the supermarket's chairperson, said it was “very likely” that the cost of some products would go up.
Sterling was trading at about $1.22 this morning, some 17 per cent lower than before the shock June 23 referendum result, and has dropped sharply against the euro.
The decline will almost inevitably push up the cost of imported food and ingredients from overseas for products made in Britain.
“We are trying to defend our customers from unjustified price increases but that it is likely there will be some price increases going forward, I think is very likely,” Mr Allan told BBC radio.
They believe inflation may “nudge up” two or three per cent, with food prices contributing to this — but dismissed suggestions food prices could rise on average by between 10 and 20 per cent, insisting it would be “much less”.
Tesco was seen to have won the “Marmitegate” battle with Unilever after it sought to impose a 10 per cent hike in the cost of products supplied to the supermarket giant.
Mr Allan, also chairperson of business group London First, declined to comment on the bust-up but appeared to suggest it had not been such a clear-cut rejection, as portrayed, of any price rises.
They added: “We see our role as retailers not to prevent our suppliers from making legitimate cost increases where they think that's necessary but certainly scrutinising those cost increases very hard.”
The supermarket chief also warned Theresa May against a draconian clampdown on immigration which could harm the British economy.
They said: “Industries like the agriculture industry, picking and packing fruit and veg and meat, are heavily dependent on migrant workers, not just seasonal migrant workers but people who are here 52 weeks a year.
Our fresh food suppliers are very concerned that is properly taken into account.”
Earlier this month, sterling plunged after the Prime Minister appeared to suggest they were prioritising immigration control over economic concerns.
But yesterday they told MPs the UK can curb immigration and get a good trade deal with the EU. They said: “We are going to be ambitious for what we obtain for the United Kingdom and that means a good trade deal as well as control of immigration.”
Meanwhile, French ambassador Sylvie Bermann said “of course” Britons in France would be allowed to remain after Brexit if the same applied to French nationals here.
They said: “I think it will be dealt with on a reciprocal basis because there [are] 300,000 French citizens in this country, almost the same as UK citizens in France.”
In 1988, when the scientist James Hansen told a senate committee that it was “time to stop waffling so much and say that the evidence is pretty strong that the greenhouse effect is here”, those who took them seriously assumed that if they just persisted with emphasising that this terrible fact would eventually destroy us, action would be taken. Instead, the opposite happened: when confronted with the awful reality of climate change, most people tended to retreat into a panglossian vision of the future, or simply didn't want to hear about it.
Stop talking right now about the threat of climate change. It's here; it's happening | Bill McKibben Read more
A lot of work has been done since to understand why climate change is so uniquely paralysing, most prominently by George Marshall, author of the book Don't Even Think About It. Marshall describes climate change as “a perfect and undetectable crime everyone contributes to but for which no one has a motive”. Climate change is both too near and too far for us to be able to internalise: too near because we make it worse with every minute act of our daily lives; too far because until now it has been something that affects foreign people in foreign countries, or future versions of ourselves that we can only conceive of ephemerally.
It is also too massive. The truth is if we don't take action on climate change now, the food shortages, mass migration and political turmoil it will cause could see the collapse of civilisation in our lifetimes. Which of us can live with that knowledge?
It's not surprising, then, that some years ago climate activists switched to a message of optimism. They listened to studies that showed optimism was more galvanising than despair, and they began to talk about hope, empowerment, and success stories. They waited for some grand extreme weather event to make the final pieces fall into place. Maybe the submerging of New Orleans would be it; maybe some of the rich white people who were battered by Hurricane Sandy would use their privilege to demand action. Maybe Harvey or Irma – or now Maria – would cause us to snap out of our stupor. It hasn't happened.
Instead what I think a message of optimism has done is created a giant canyon between the reality of climate change and most people's perception of it. An optimistic message has led to complacency – “people are saying it's doable so it will probably be fine” – and championing success stories has convinced people that the pathetic, threadbare action taken by governments so far is sufficient. I've lost count of the sheer number of politically engaged, conscientious people I've met who have simply no idea how high the stakes are.
It may be that if the time for a mass movement is not now, there won't be one
The fact is, nobody knows how to solve the riddle of persuading the public to demand action on climate change. I certainly don't have the answers. But I do think we need to contemplate that something is going disastrously wrong here – that perhaps it's time to get back to the drawing board and rethink how we talk about climate change.
Two significant things have happened since that senate committee hearing in 1988: the first is the Paris agreement in 2015 to try to limit warming to 1.5C – research out this week shows this is still possible. The second is that major parts of the dominant global superpower have been decimated by two Katrina-dwarfing storms in less than a month. Circumstances have changed in the past 30 years: climate change is a material fact now, and we have a specific target to aim for, to limit the damage it will cause.
A new campaign could centre on the demand for governments to meet the 1.5C target, emphasising how dire the consequences will be if we don't. People don't need to imagine what climate change looks like any more: they can see it in the seawater that has enveloped the islands of the Caribbean, the drowning houses in Houston, the communiques from those who couldn't escape, and prepared themselves to lose everything. In Britain we've seen floodwater inundate entire villages; a pub that became a thoroughfare for a swollen river. This is what catastrophe on our doorsteps looks like, and perhaps it's time we link these images to climate change with as much gusto as the fossil fuel industry denies it.
Could the language of emergency work? It has never been tried with as much meteorological evidence as we have now, and we've never had a target as clear and unanimous as the one agreed in Paris. The one thing I know is that the events of the last few months have changed the game, and this is the moment to start debating a new way to talk about climate change. It may be that if the time for a mass movement is not now, there won't be one.
• Ellie Mae O'Hagan is an editor at openDemocracy, and a freelance journalist
About this mod Makes the speech checks binary like in New Vegas. Removing the random element from them. Made in FO4Edit! Permissions and credits Author's instructions File credits This author has not credited anyone else in this file Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
I got tired of failing speech checks despite having 10 Charisma so I made this very simple file that makes Speech checks binary like in New Vegas.
This means that as long you meet the requirement you are guaranteed success in speech checks and if you don't then you are guaranteed failure!
As of V.4 it will change the related perks (Lady Killer/Black Widow) so the final rank gives 100% speech success chance with the opposite sex.
Here are the versions and the requirements:
(Normal Edition) The Normal Edition that I recommend you use.
Yellow(Easy) = 4
Orange(Normal) = 6
Red(Hard) = 8
(Hard Edition) The Hard Edition follows the harder and a bit silly requirements it had in V.1.
Yellow(Easy) = 4
Orange(Normal) = 7
Red(Hard) = 10
(Cheat Edition) A Cheat Edition for the Cheaters!
No charisma requirements! You will always succeed speech checks with this!
(Forgiving Edition) Not actually Binary but some people like the idea of at least having a chance of success at lower charisma levels.
Yellow(Easy) = Every point in charisma adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 4 charisma
Orange(Normal) = Every point in charisma above 2 adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 6 charisma
Red(Hard) = Every point in charisma above 4 adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 8 charisma
(Hard-Forgiving Edition) Like the forgiving edition but harder.
Yellow(Easy) = Every point in charisma adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 4 charisma
Orange(Normal) = Every point in charisma above 3 adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 7 charisma
Red(Hard) = Every point in charisma above 6 adds 25% success chance up to 100% at 10 charisma
The files are made from scratch in FO4Edit.
Hello! I'm here simply going to share the developer Q&A which is posted in ToS Indonesia temporary webpage. Here's the raw link if you want to see it: http://tos.gemscool.com/tosalpha/category/7
I'm translating from the bottom-most question from the third page all the way up to the top-most question in the first page. So, here it is!
Disclaimer: I took some liberties to enhance how the sentence flow so it will be easier to understand in English.
Q: Will there be a system update? How big the world map will be?
A: New systems and new classes will always be available, and we will announce them(beforehand). The World Map in OBT will be bigger than CBT.
Q: Will there be difference in terms of content in local server and international server?
A: Every Region will have the same content.
Q: Will ToS use XignCode as its gameguard?
A: The IMC Team is still discussing about it.
Q: How about the trading system ingame?
A: For now you can sell and buy item from Market/Trading House. We will implement Live Auction later.
Q: Will there be new classes?
A: There will be about 8 more classes until OBT.
Q: What is IMC's opinion about RMT (Real Money Trading)? Will there be a specific rule for it in ToS?
A: We don't want players to trade using real money to preserve other players' convenience.
Q: How about class balancing, because there are so many classes in ToS?
A: Class balance in ToS is important for each role, so that each class will have its own weakness and strength. There are about 80 classes. There exist classes which could help in support, build, and unique PvP skill or PvE, modify weapons, make a camp, and there exist some classes that have combination in skills, so if you want to have fun, you have to team up with other classes
(Note: Not so sure about this one since its a bit vague in the raw, but, judging from how the sentence flow, it probably means skills which synergize with other skills, ie: Icewall + Psychic Pressure)
Q: How many large scale PvP like guild wars will be available? We want to know about these informations as well. Or maybe, will there be a Server vs Server, or Castle War, or other types of PvP as well?
A: We are still discussing about this topic. Guild vs Guild to fight over a territory, or maybe a field war. Whatever it will be, IMC Team is still discussing about it
Q: Will there be a Card System in ToS? And we want information about summoned monster.
A: There are classes which use the Card System. For example, Sorcerer can use Devil-type monster cards and input it inside his/her grimoire. Sorcerer than can summon the monsters from the cards he/she had inserted into his/her grimoire, and the summoned monsters will have the same ability and skill as their non-summoned counterpart. Monster Card can be enhanced with combining other cards, increasing It's rank while also strengthen summons!
Q: Can we login with more than 1 account in 1 PC?
A: No, 1 PC can only be used to login 1 client
Q: Minimum and recomended specification to play Tree of Savior?
A: Recommended: Intel i3 or above, Nvidia GTS450 or above, 8GB of RAM or above. Minimum: Core 2 Quad, Nvidia 8600, 4GB of RAM.
Q: Will there be a enhancing item mall, like, item to increase percentage in equipment upgrade/refinement?
A: We haven't decided it yet, but we have an agreement to not sell any item mall that will affect equipments refine rate.
Q: Will there be a level restriction in forming party? Say, I, whose character is level 1, join a party with a level 20 player?
A: There is no level restriction in forming party. There is only an option to choose level in Party Search Function.
Q: How about the Party System? EXP distribution, item distribution, and other things in party play?
A: The party leader can set the EXP distribution between equallized distribution or individual distribution.
Q: Will there be item malls that are very strong? Will there be a gap between Free User and Paid User?
A: For now, item malls haven't been decided yet. However, we want a balanced gameplay between Free User and Paid User
Q: Will there be a system to fight other bosses, like, Raid or Dungeon bosses? And if such system is available, will 20 people or more able to participate at once?
A: There will be Light Raid missions in Indonesian 1st CBT and it requires a party to run it. In these missions, you will be pitted against a boss monster and fight it. Once you defeat the boss monster, the next boss monster will appear. This feature will be further developed in OBT.
Q: Will hide classes available ingame?
A: Yes, there are hidden classes in Tree of Savior.
Q: When fighting enemies, can we instantly evade with movements alone?
A: There are no buttons to instantly evade enemy attack while being attacked. However, you can move away before the enemy attack. That way, you can evade incoming enemy attacks.
Q: Can we change the button configuration in Keyboard mode?
A: Of course you can! Before OBT begins, we will add an option to enable players to change the button configuration in Keyboard mode so players will be able to configure the most comfortable button configuration for themself.
Q: This game looks like that “certain old school game”, but even more simple. What are the features you(IMC) offer, especially to the people that used to play maniacally in that “certain old school game”? Will Tree of Savior become the answer for the fanbase of that “certain old school game” where they were extremely dissapointed in that “certain old school game 2”?
A: Mr. Kim Hak Kyu and Mr. Kim Se Yong are the creators of that “certain old school game” 13 years ago. Now, they create Tree of Savior with different team, which leads to different style and also different game, which is not in anyway connected to that “certain old school game”.
Q: Will there be an exclusive content for Indonesia only? Map, Items, or other things, maybe?
A: We haven't decide on it yet. If there is, then it will be also available to all countries as well.
Q: How will you prevent hacking and cheating? Will there be a 2nd Password system for each account? Will ToS have gameguard to prevent those problems?
A: IMC will always develop the system and the level of security ingame. Right now, we are improving the database security to prevent users from abusing or using illegal programs.
Q: Can Indonesian players play in the international server? In the availability of global service, will IP Block exist?
A: IMC Games hopes that all Indonesian players will play in Indonesian Server because we want to focus in development of each country. In our opinion, you will have a lot of issues if you persist in accessing the global server, such as high latency and unstable connection due to server location which is too far from your location.
Q: What are the level cap in both CBT and OBT?
A: Level cap in CBT is 200, while the level cap in OBT is 350, but we haven't decide on it yet, it might increase later.
Q: Will there be additional features or systems in Tree of Savior?
A: In Indonesia 1st CBT, there will be Card System available. When you get a card from a boss monster, you can store it to fight against your friend by using the cards. You can try this feature in Indonesia 1st CBT
Note: Again, not so sure about this part. Either It's that RNG-based card game or maybe an entirely different system, we'll have to see it for ourself later.
Q: What are the PvP modes available in ToS? 1v1? 5v5? Or maybe, like that “certain old school game”?
A: We have implemented the PvP feature in Indonesia 1st CBT. For now, we have a 5v5 PvP mode in 1 party. Later, we will implement random 5v5 PvP mode. You can try it out in Indonesia 1st CBT.
Q: Mr. Kim Hak Kyu said before that they won't choose Pay2Win direction for this game. However, there are issues that mentioned that +40 is the maximum enhancement for a piece of equipment, and when we will enhance equipment above +15, the success refine rate will become smaller and smaller as we enhance it further. So, how big will the gap between casual user, hardcore user, and paid user?
A: IMC Games also don't want to make a Pay2Win game. The first time we enhance an equipment, the success chance is 100%, later it will decrease concomitant with the enhancement level until 51%. For now, we haven't decide on the maximum enhancement yet.
Alright! It's done!
Enjoy! And, as you can see, there are some new informations we can get from this Q&A, altough we know most of them already.
NB: Still trying hard to get a CBT key myself >,<
Posted by: Dave Burke, VP of Engineering
With billions of Android devices around the world, Android has surpassed our wildest expectations. Today at Google I/O, we showcased a number of ways we're pushing Android forward, with the O Release, new tools for developers to help create more performant apps, and an early preview of a project we call Android Go -- a new experience that we're building for entry-level devices.
(L) Android O: Picture-in-picture, (R) Android O: Notification dots
The Android Go experience will ship in 2018 for all Android devices that have 1GB or less of memory. We recommend getting your apps ready for these devices soon -- take a look at the Building for Billions to learn about the importance of offering a useful offline state, reducing APK size, and minimizing battery and memory use.Today's release of O Developer Preview 2 is our first beta-quality candidate, available to test on your primary phone or tablet. We're inviting those who want to try the beta release of Android O to enroll now at android.com/beta -- it's an incredibly convenient way to preview Android O on your Nexus 5X, 6P, and Player, as well as Pixel, Pixel XL, or Pixel C device.With more users starting to get Android O on their devices through the Android Beta program, now is the time to test your apps for compatibility, resolve any issues, and publish an update as soon as possible. See the migration guide for steps and a recommended timeline.Later today you'll be able to download the updated tools for developing on Android O, including the latest canaries of Android Studio , SDK, and tools, Android O system images, and emulators. Along with those, you'll be able to download support library 26.0.0 beta and other libraries from our new Maven repo. The change to Maven from SDK Manager means a slight change to your build configuration , but gives you much more flexibility in how you integrate library updates with your CI systems.When you're ready to get started developing with Android O, visit the O Developer Preview site for details on all of the features you can use in your apps, including notification channels and dots autofill , and others. APIs have changed since the first developer preview, so take a look at the diff report to see where your code might be affected.Thanks for the feedback you've given us so far. Please keep it coming, about Android O features, APIs, issues, or requests -- see the Feedback and Bugs page for details on where to report feedback.
Hudson has become the dominant Continuous Integration solution very quickly; 6 years after it started, all the surveys I've seen show strong majorities using Hudson: Wakaleo Poll, Eclipse Survey, Indeed Jobs, and Devoxx 2009 Whiteboards. And the latest connected data shows steady growth:
There are several reasons for this success but the main “secret weapon” has been Kohsuke's leadership of the project (disclosure: I was Kohsuke's manager at Sun).
Kohsuke is a very unique individual.  They are among the top 3-5 developers I've seen during my career at Xerox PARC, Sun and Oracle; they are very fast and their code is very good. Kohsuke is also a very nice guy, humble, and with a great intuition about how to manage an open source project, which they have refined over a number of projects.
A few years ago I asked Kohsuke to share with a new group going OSS their best practices to encourage community participation. Here is their list, based on their JAXB project:
Excellent Software
Design for Reuse Make sure people can use your code Treat them as kings!
Lower the Barrier of Entry Every step that leads to participation needs to be easy
Quick Feedback Cycle Answer questions & suggestions quickly Deliver bug fixes & RFEs quickly
Framework of Contribution Structure in which contributions happen
Hudson satisfies all of these. Notable examples include the embedded servlet, the integrated plugin repository, the plugin architecture, the fast release cycle and the low entry cost to become a contributor.
The result of all of this is that Hudson has about 70 contributors to its core and over 300 contributors to core+plugins. Of all Sun's OSS projects I know, Hudson is the one with the widest contribution base.
Activity at Hudson can be browsed using SVNSearch or FishEye. From SVNSearch check first the Collaboration Graph showing the way contributors collaborate through code – KK is a center.
Kohsuke remains the largest contributor (>80% of core). Their productivity seems boundless, below is a timeline (also from SVNSearch) showing 16898 commits since Nov 11th, 2004 – each dot is a commit, shown as hour-of-the-day.
And, from the same source, here are two bar charts showing per-day and per-hour activity (times are GMT):
Finally, from FishEye, here is the change data for him: 1,567,282 LoC changed, 510,896 files changed. The Line History graph is:
From this data: (a) Kohsuke works every day, (b) they have a patient wife, (c) Sun was very lucky not to pay them per-hour, and even more not to pay them per LoC!
Kohsuke started Hudson in Nov 2004 as a hobby project; over the years many Sun projects converted to using Hudson for their CI needs and Kohsuke's time spent on Hudson increased. By early 2008 Sun recognized Hudson's potential, assigned Kohsuke to work full-time to the project and started converting Hudson into a commercial product, with a Subscription offering and a Professional Services practice, all anchored on Kohsuke. Oracle has also recognized the value of Hudson and remains keenly interested in the project.
Thanks for Hudson, Kohsuke!
Advertisements
Could Sen. Bernie Sanders have beaten Donald Trump in the presidential race? It's a question that many despondent supporters have pondered but one that Conan O'Brien was able to finally put to the independent Vermont lawmaker on Tuesday night's episode of Conan.
“Who knows,” reflected Sanders briefly. “I wish to God that I had had that opportunity.”
The notion that, given the chance, the progressive Democratic presidential candidate could have won an election victory over Trump is not that much of an overreach. In fact, polls from last May compiled by RealClearPolitics tested the hypothetical with voters several times. On every occasion Sanders beat Trump—averaging 10.4 points ahead of their rival. Of course, opinion polls were notoriously hit and miss throughout the election, but one can't help but wonder how the political landscape would look had Sanders vs. Trump happened.
Sanders, who spoke frankly throughout the interview, refused such indulgent daydreams about what might have been. They quickly called on disillusioned voters not to abandon the political system but to remain engaged in it, despite admitting concern at the ominous and “scary” messages emanating from the president-elect's Twitter ramblings about “voter fraud.”
“@HighonHillcrest: @jeffzeleny what PROOF do u have DonaldTrump did not suffer from millions of FRAUD votes? Journalist? Do your job! @CNN“ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016
“First of all, it's delusional, it's totally insane,” Sanders said. “Nobody believes that who studies elections or election patterns.”
Sanders then went on to explain what they believed to be Trump's underlying message: “When they say that, he's really sending a signal to Republicans all over this country, Republican leaders, and what he's saying is: ‘We have got to suppress the vote, we have got to make it harder for poor people, people of color, immigrants, elderly people, to participate because they may be voting against us.' And that's scary stuff.”
Sanders leveled further criticism at Trump's call to revoke of citizenship of those who burn the American flag where, Sanders insisted, another sinister “hidden message” was being communicated.
“That is, ‘Be careful if you are prepared to dissent,'” Sanders told O'Brien. “What they are really saying is, ‘If you really want to dissent, be careful. It's not just the American flag here, we're watching you.'”
Asked by the host whether they were feeling optimistic at all about the next four years under the Trump administration, the senator replied, “I wouldn't use the word ‘optimism.'”
“[Trump] is clearly not an ideological person. I think they develop their policies every 10 minutes and they tweet them out,” Sanders retorted to laughter. “But in a sense, the positive of that is what you're indicating, they're not firmly held. And they may change.”
Reduced milk production. Gastrointestinal, neurological and urological issues. Sudden death. These are just a few of the symptoms experienced by livestock living near natural gas fracking sites and catalogued in a recent paper studying the impact of natural gas drilling on human and animal health.
The peer-reviewed study, conducted by a veterinarian and a researcher from the Department of Molecular Medicine at Cornell University, was published in January in New Solutions: A Journal of Environmental and Occupational Health Policy, and inspired an investigative report published Nov. 28 in The Nation. (Download the full study here.)
The paper was reportedly the first peer-reviewed study linking fracking with health issues in animals that are intended for human consumption. It examined case histories of 24 farms in six states in which fracking occurs. The farms were not identified in the paper.
As the authors wrote in the abstract to their paper, "animals can be used as sentinels to monitor impacts to human health" because they "are exposed continually to air, soil and groundwater and have more frequent reproductive cycles." The authors say their study illustrates how certain aspects of gas drilling operations may lead to health problems for humans and animals, although they also caution that "complete evidence regarding health impacts of gas drilling cannot be obtained due to incomplete testing and disclosure of chemicals, and nondisclosure agreements." They are calling for more rigorous testing of fracking processes and procedures, calling gas drilling and the toxic chemicals used "an uncontrolled health experiment" that could have further impacts on humans.
The researchers interviewed all but one of the 24 farmers, as well as many of their veterinarians, plus state regulators and drilling company representatives. The study included farms that were close to conventional wells and the horizontal wells that use fracking, a total of 25 wells. All well types were found to have introduced toxic chemicals into the environment, mostly into wells or springs. Other sources of toxins entering the environment included storm water runoff, compressor station malfunctions, pipeline leaks and wastewater spreading onto nearby roads.
In the most dramatic case, 17 cows on one farm died within an hour when "a worker shut down a chemical blender during the fracturing process, allowing the release of fracturing fluids into an adjacent cow pasture."
In addition, homes near some of the gas drilling sites were tested. Two families, whose homes showed high levels of benzene, were experiencing "fatigue, headaches, nosebleeds, rashes and sensory deficits," among other symptoms.
The authors have called for numerous steps to be taken to improve human and animal health, including disclosure of all chemicals used in the fracking process, third-party testing and sampling, and further regulation of fracking chemicals under the Safe Water Drinking Act.
The planet Neptune is stationing direct this month. It will be at a standstill at 9 degrees of tropical Pisces on the Moon's south node. If you think things have been weird lately, confusing, or just hard to pin down, it's in the air. The world (and current events) may take on a preternatural glow. Neptune has a powerful influence on the collective psyche. When prominent such as now, Neptune empowers massive groups of individuals brought together by a common cause, ideology or belief.
The Moon's south node tends to emphasize the shadow side which can lead many into the trap of projecting an inner crisis onto external symbols, unconsciously hoping for a resolution that will never be found in the outer world. It can also greatly stoke strong desires for escapism and avoidance of reality. Utilize this powerful portal as a time to connect inwardly to find your connection to God/Goddess/Universe within. From there, you'll discover a pool of inspiration, imagination, and spiritual insight which you can utilize to bring to the service of others in some practical way.
This powerful Neptunian focal point may enhance your dream life or create a longing for higher, ecstatic states of consciousness. Many may be starving now for some savior to deliver them from their inner hell. But remember, the true savior is in you. No one can save you from the inner work you must eventually do yourself. The outer demons are reflections of our own repressed desires, fears, and hatred. Dive in but don't drown! As difficult as it might be, don't get pulled out to sea. Stay close to shore and learn how to engage with life more consciously.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has embarked on their first official trip to Bonn, Germany for the G-20 Foreign Ministers' Summit where they will dive into diplomacy with a series of group sessions and one-on-one meetings.
As President Trump has repeatedly cast their administration as one that will ring in a new era for U.S.-Russian relations, all eyes will be watching as Tillerson meets with with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov for the first time.
In meeting with Lavrov, Tillerson will advocate for pragmatic and constructive cooperation where interests overlap, according to senior State Department officials. Countering ISIS and terrorism are possible avenues for cooperation.
Rex Tillerson urges State Department to "work as one team"
It is too early to talk about lifting sanctions, say the State officials, so seeking solidarity on these areas of agreement is crucial. Last month, Lavrov acknowledged that they share Trump's position of “re-establishing normal relations” with Russia and that they wish to move away from the “difficult” relations with Russia under President Obama.
Also on Wednesday, Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford will meet their Russian counterpart, Chief of the General Staff of the Russian Armed Forces Gen. Valery Gerasimov. This is the first time the two have met since the US and Russia terminated military cooperation in 2014 due to Russia's aggression in Ukraine.
“The military leaders will discuss a variety of issues, including the current state of U.S.-Russian military relations and the importance of consistent and clear military-to-military communication to prevent miscalculation and potential crises,” the Office of the Joint Chiefs said in a statement.
Tillerson will also work to forge relationships with the 20 other foreign leaders in Bonn, where they will have bilateral discussions with China, Turkey, Italy, Saudi Arabia, and the UK. They will also dive into smaller group meetings, where they are expected to have open ears as they familiarize themselves in the ongoing international conflicts that have now fallen under their purview as top US diplomat.
They will sync up with partners, State Department Officials said, as they discuss the current state of Yemen, the ongoing crisis in Syria and how to continue cooperating with African countries. The G-20 meeting on Syria will not include Russia.
The G-20 Leaders' Summit started at the time of the financial crisis in 2008 and its focus has since shifted from economic crisis to prevention of such crises. The stated aim is to do this through strengthening global economic order, making growth more inclusive and giving attention to health, energy security and efficiency.
WWE Divas the Bella Twins are strongly in favor of WWE creating Divas Tag Team titles. During an interview with WWE Magazine (February 2014 issue), Nikki Bella said:
"We've been begging to get that done for years! It'd be a great chance to see what us girls could come up with. New finishers, new names, new gear. We're all so talented and creative and it'd be great to show that in a new way."
Brie Bella added:
"Girls gang up on girls. It's life. We sit down, we gossip, we group together naturally. Why not bring a little bit more of that aspect to WWE?"
TNA had Knockouts Tag Titles from 2009-2013, with the Eric Young (not a Knockout) & ODB being the final champions before the belts were retired.
* Photo: EMPTY ARENA At Last Night's TNA Live Event
Methods: We studied 2,747 participants in the community-based Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study of black and white men and women aged 18 to 30 years at recruitment in 1985–1986 (baseline year 0). Symptom-limited maximal treadmill test durations at years 0 and 20 provided measures of CRF. Cognitive tests at year 25 measured verbal memory (Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test [RAVLT]), psychomotor speed (Digit Symbol Substitution Test [DSST]), and executive function (Stroop Test).
Results: Per minute of baseline CRF, the RAVLT was 0.12 words recalled higher (standard error [SE] = 0.03, p < 0.0001), the DSST was 0.92 digits higher (SE = 0.13, p < 0.0001), and the Stroop Test score was 0.52 lower (better performance, SE = 0.11, p < 0.0001), after accounting for race, sex, age, education, and clinical center. Compared with the lowest quartile of CRF, each cognitive test was 21% to 34% of an SD better in the highest CRF quartile. Further adjustment for lifestyle and clinical measures attenuated coefficients for RAVLT and DSST slightly, while the coefficient predicting the Stroop Test lost more than half its value (p = 0.07). Analysis in the subset of 1,957 participants who also completed the year-20 treadmill test showed that 20-year change in CRF was positively associated only with DSST (p < 0.001).
We've got some solid options for Android Wear watches, but let's be honest: It's been tough so far to single out any one of them as providing a truly great all-around user experience.
The Moto 360 is gorgeous but not without its issues. Sony's SmartWatch 3 has lots of positives but also has a weird display that gets monochromatic and practically impossible to read in its dimmed state. Asus's ZenWatch is pretty but with lackluster screen quality, meanwhile, and LG's G Watch R has outstanding hardware but a clunky form (and let's not even get into that awkwardly marked bezel).
All of those watches have good qualities, of course, but they each come with a serious asterisk or two attached. And when I want to make a general recommendation to someone for a great Android Wear experience, that makes things rather tricky.
[ Further reading: 8 ways to turn Android into a productivity powerhouse ]
Well, good news, gang: I won't have that problem anymore. Meet the LG Watch Urbane.
I've been using the Watch Urbane for the past few days, and let me tell you: This thing is fantastic. At $349, it ain't cheap -- especially when other Android Wear watches are now selling for as low as $180 to $200 -- but if you've got the money to spend, it'll give you the quality to match.
On the outside, the LG Watch Urbane (and no, it isn't the "LG G Watch Urbane" -- go figure) is beautifully designed, with a polished metal exterior in silver or gold and an attractive black leather band with white stitching. The watch is a bit on the large side, thanks to the bezels and the sizable lugs that surround them, but it doesn't look unusually huge or feel particularly bulky. Even with my apparently tiny wrists, it's quite comfy to wear.
As for the strap, it's nice enough -- slightly stiff to begin with, but it is leather, after all, and I can already feel it starting to soften. It's a standard 22mm band, too, so you can always swap it out for something else if you want.
What's particularly interesting about the Watch Urbane is that it actually looks like a regular watch -- a handsome timepiece that wouldn't cause most passersby to give you the wide-eyed double-take smartwatches typically inspire. Depending on your preferences, of course, that may or may not be a good thing; the Watch Urbane isn't as sleek or futuristic-looking as the Moto 360, for instance, but it looks more like a traditional (and reasonably elegant) watch. We're just talking two very different styles.
Subjective design aside, the Watch Urbane has some genuinely compelling elements that give it a leg-up on other Wear devices. It's the same stuff we saw in LG's G Watch R; the Urbane is essentially that same smartwatch in a classed up and far more premium casing.
First and foremost is the screen: The Urbane has an unusual Plastic OLED (or P-OLED) display that feels like it was made specifically for smartwatch use. It's bright, clear, and easy to see in any sort of condition. And its dimmed mode -- what's shown most of the time, whenever you aren't actively using the watch -- looks exceptionally crisp and appealing. It stays on all of the time, too, which is something I've sorely missed while using the Moto 360.
The only downside to the Urbane's display is that it doesn't have an ambient light sensor, so the brightness doesn't automatically adjust itself based on your environment. That's a bit of a bummer, but the superb quality of the screen makes up for it (and an app like Brightness for Wear can make it easy enough to tweak the brightness in a jiff when you need to).
Beyond that, we're looking at the same consistently smooth and snappy performance we saw in the G Watch R along with the same excellent stamina. I've yet to have any trouble making it through a full day with a fair amount of battery power still remaining, even with moderate to heavy use.
And speaking of power, the Watch Urbane charges through a proprietary dock that's pretty much the same as the the one from the G Watch R. It's magnetic, so you simply drop the watch on top of it and it fits right in. It's not as convenient as a standard Qi-based charging system, a la the Moto 360, but it's about the next best thing.
The new version of Wear takes the platform to the next level
In terms of software, the LG Watch Urbane ships with the latest and greatest version of Android Wear, which includes the transformative new feature of built-in Wi-Fi support -- meaning you can use the watch even when your phone isn't nearby, so long as you're in range of an open or authorized Wi-Fi network. It also has some new flick gestures for scrolling through cards, which take a little getting used to but could be handy if you ever want to catch up on info and don't have a free hand, I suppose.
The latest Wear update has a few other new touches, like an easy way to open apps (just swipe left once from the home screen for a list) and to view your contacts (swipe a second time to select a contact and then initiate a text or email). You can also draw an emoji while responding to a text message and Wear will translate it into the appropriate symbol, though I can't for the life of me figure out why you'd want to.
LG has added in a few bells and whistles of its own, but they're nothing to write home about. The company has created an LG Call app that lets you view your recent calls and favorite contacts and then initiate a new call on your phone by tapping one of them or using a built-in dialpad. You can also initiate new calls on your phone via Wear's asupervisorstioned new native contacts list, so the only added functionality here is the list of recent calls and the dialpad, neither of which strikes me as particularly meaningful.
LG has also added an "auto-lock" feature to the watch -- something that's mistakenly been referred to as part of the Android Wear software but that Google tells me is not tied to the OS itself. The feature promises to auto-lock the watch and require an on-screen pattern to be inputted anytime you take it off, but it doesn't seem to work like that; it will require you to input the pattern whenever you restart the device, but I've taken the watch off and left it sitting on a table for long stretches and no security prompt has ever appeared. Not sure what's up with that.
[Update (5/8/15): Turns out the auto-lock feature is, in fact, part of the latest Wear OS and not an element added by LG. The original info provided to me by a Google spokesperson was inaccurate, and the company reached out to me following this story's publication to correct it. As for the feature's functionality, Google tells me it's designed to "periodically detect whether the watch is on your wrist" but that it's possible "slight movements" could confuse the system and cause it to think the watch is still being worn when it isn't.]
But those things are inconsequential footnotes in an impressive watch running a version of Wear that really takes the platform to the next level. (I should mention that out of the box, the watch was a little glitchy -- but a software update was available almost immediately that fixed things right up and made it smooth as silk.)
No piece of technology is perfect, and the LG Watch Urbane is certainly not an exception. In an ideal world, I'd love for it to have an ambient light sensor and standard wireless charging capability. But with its beautifully designed body, top-notch performance, commendable stamina, and best-in-class display -- both during active use and in its always-on dimmed state -- the Watch Urbane is an outstanding all-around package that sets a new standard for the Android Wear ecosystem.
If I had to recommend a single Wear watch for its overall user experience right now, the Urbane would definitely be it.
Kwangju Uprising, also called Kwangju Rebellion, Kwangju also spelled Gwangju, mass protest against the South Korean military government that took place in the southern city of Kwangju between May 18 and 27, 1980. Nearly a quarter of a million people participated in the rebellion. Although it was brutally repressed and initially unsuccessful in bringing about democratic reform in South Korea, it is considered to have been a pivotal moment in the South Korean struggle for democracy.
The roots of the Kwangju Uprising may be traced to the authoritarianism of the Republic of Korea's first president, the anticommunist Syngman Rhee. During their almost 18 years in office, Rhee grew continuously more repressive toward their political opposition in particular and the country's citizens in general. Those conditions precipitated massive student-led demonstrations in early 1960 and Rhee's ouster in April of that year. After the country was governed for a brief period by a parliamentary system, a military coup led by Gen. Park Chung-Hee displaced the government in May 1961. Park became president the following year and remained in office for the next 18 years.
As president, Park repressed the political opposition and the personal freedom of South Korea's citizens and controlled the press and the universities. In December 1972 they introduced the Yushin Constitution, which dramatically increased presidential powers and created a virtual dictatorship. When Park was assassinated on October 26, 1979, a power void resulted that was filled by Chun Doo-Hwan, a brigadier general who had taken control of the South Korean military through an internal coup. Once in power, Chun persuaded the new president, Choi Kyu-Hah, to name them chief of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency in April 1980. The military, under Chun's leadership, declared martial law the following month.
The situation soon escalated with a series of nationwide protests against military rule that were led by labour activists, students, and opposition leaders, who began calling for democratic elections. Kwangju—the provincial capital of South Chŏlla (South Jeolla), in southwestern South Korea—which had a long history of political opposition and a simmering grievance toward the Park regime, was a centre of the pro-democracy movement. On May 18 some 600 students gathered at Chonnam National University to protest against the suppression of academic freedom and were beaten by government forces. Civilian demonstrators joined the students.
With the approval of the United States, which had maintained operational control over combined U.S. and Korean forces since the end of the Korean War, Chun's government sent elite paratroopers from the Special Forces to Kwangju to contain the unrest. When the soldiers arrived, they began beating the demonstrators. Rather than squelch the protest, the brutal tactics had the opposite affect, inciting more citizens to join in.
As the uprising continued, protesters broke into police stations and armories to seize weapons. They armed themselves with bats, knives, pipes, hammers, Molotov cocktails, and whatever else they could find. They faced 18,000 riot police and 3,000 paratroopers. On May 20 a newspaper called the Militants' Bulletin was published to counter the “official” news being published by government-run or highly partisan media outlets such as the newspaper Chosun Ilbo, which had characterized the protesters as hoodlums with guns. By the early evening of May 21, the government had retreated, and the citizens of Kwangju declared the city liberated from military rule.
The relative quiet lasted only six days. In the predawn hours of May 27, Chun's military forces unleashed tanks, armoured personnel carriers, and helicopters that began indiscriminately attacking the city. It took the military only two hours to completely crush the uprising. According to official government figures, nearly 200 people—the great majority of them civilians—were killed in the rebellion, but Kwangju citizens and students insisted that the number was closer to 2,000.
Despite the uprising's failure to bring about democracy in the Korean peninsula, the sentiments surrounding the episode continued to simmer afterward. By the late 1980s public demand and scrutiny had led to the reinstitution of direct presidential elections under Chun's chosen successor, Roh Tae-Woo, and in 1993 Kim Young-Sam became the first president democratically elected by the Korean people. In 1998 Kim Dae-Jung, who had once been arrested and sentenced to death for their role during the Kwangju Uprising, became the second democratically elected president; Roh Moo Hyun, who became president in 2003, also had a connection to the uprising. In 1996 Chun and Roh Tae-Woo had been convicted of mutiny, treason, and corruption in connection with the 1979 coup and the Kwangju massacre, but Kim Dae-Jung upon taking office as president in 1997 pardoned both men.
The events of 1980 in Kwangju continued to have a significant impact on the Korean people and the politics on the peninsula. The role played by the U.S. military during the uprising led to an increase in anti-American sentiment among South Korean students and activists. A national cemetery in Kwangju is dedicated to the victims killed during the struggle for democracy. A Kwangju museum devoted to the uprising and the designation of May 18 as a national day of commemoration likewise mark the significance of the Kwangju Uprising in the development of democracy in South Korea.
NEW WESTMINSTER (NEWS1130) – The province says it will foot the bill for a single-lane replacement for the Bailey Bridge.
But the government has outlined conditions in exchange for paying for the bridge. The City of New Westminster will be expected to pay for installation and maintenance costs.
Under the terms of the government's offer, the City will also be responsible for installing a second bridge to allow for two-way traffic. It's unclear at this stage what will cost more: the installation or the bridge itself.
The government says it's doing this to help ease traffic congestion and allow people to get to Royal Columbian Hospital faster.
But New Westminster City Councillor Chuck Puchmayr says twinning the bridge has never been something the city council wanted, as it would increase traffic to the city.
“The letter very clearly undermines the lengthy process that we have agreed to go on, to go to binding arbitration,” Puchmayr explains.
Transportation Minister Todd Stone says they respect whatever decision New Westminster ultimately makes, but this is a take it or leave it offer.
“If New West says ‘no,' that's completely their right, I will respect that,” Stone tells News1130. “New West would then be on their own, effectively, in terms of securing and implementing a Bailey Bridge for the one lane.”
Stone says the government's loan for the bridge would amount to a $200 million grant. They also say the closure of the bridge affects almost 10,000 drivers per day, adding they feel a temporary two-lane structure should be built instead of replacing the existing single-lane span.
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas warned Tuesday of the “risk of an intifada” if clashes over Jerusalem's Temple Mount continue, after a meeting with French leader Francois Hollande in Paris.
“What is happening is very dangerous,” Abbas said, calling on Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to “stop” the chaos at the flashpoint holy site, deemed holy by both Jews and Muslims and home to the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Abbas warned against “an intifada (uprising) which we don't want.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Tensions are high after days of clashes between Palestinians and Israel Police at the Al-Aqsa mosque during the Jewish New Year last week.
The mosque, located at the site of what Jews venerate as the sacred Temple Mount, the holiest site in Judaism, is in the Old City of Jerusalem, captured by Israel in the 1967 Six Day War.
Al-Aqsa is the third holiest site in Islam and is believed to be where the Prophet Mohammed made their night journey to heaven.
Muslims have been alarmed by an increase in visits by Jews to the site and fear rules governing the compound will be changed. Under regulations instituted by Israel since 1967, Jews are allowed to visit but not to pray, to avoid provoking tensions.
Netanyahu has said repeatedly they are committed to the status quo at the site.
Israeli authorities fear further trouble ahead when the Muslim feast of Eid al-Adha coincides on Wednesday with the solemn Jewish fast of Yom Kippur.
Hollande called for “peace, calm and the respect of principles.”
“I expressed our attachment to the status quo over the mosque compound,” they said after the talks with Abbas.
Abbas' visit to France comes shortly before the United Nations General Assembly in New York where they will oversee the raising of the Palestinian flag at the UN.
On the same day as the flag-raising, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon will host a meeting of the Middle East Quartet seeking a diplomatic solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
The peace process slipped into a deep coma after a failed US diplomatic effort in April last year.
The foreign ministers of Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia, along with the secretary general of the Arab League, will attend in a bid to broaden the search for a way back to the negotiating table.
The announcement comes the same week the Seattle City Council approved and Mayor Jenny Durkan signed a $600 million agreement with the Los Angeles-based Oak View Group to renovate KeyArena.
During this 100th anniversary year of the Seattle Metropolitans winning the Stanley Cup, the NHL announced an expansion process Thursday that likely will lead to the city gaining the league's 32nd franchise.
NHL commissioner Gary Bettman announced after a Board of Governors meeting in Palm Beach, Fla., that the league has received a request to file an expansion application from billionaire investment banker David Bonderman and Hollywood producer Jerry Bruckheimer. Bonderman and Bruckheimer are partnered with the Oak View Group (OVG), which this week finalized a deal with the City of Seattle for a $600 million renovation of KeyArena.
The league has agreed to review the application, has set a $650 million expansion fee and now will gauge progress by the Seattle group in coming months before deciding whether to award a franchise to this market.
“Mr. Bonderman, with their partner Jerry Bruckheimer, has asked if they might file an application for an expansion team,'' Bettman told reporters. “And the board has said that they may do that. That doesn't mean that we have granted an expansion team. We've agreed as a league to take and consider an expansion application and to let them run — at some point in the next few months — a season-ticket drive.”
Seattle Mayor Jenny Durkan signed a Memorandum of Understanding with OVG on Wednesday. Durkan and the city hope the renovated KeyArena attracts an NHL team, and eventually the return of an NBA team. The Sonics relocated to Oklahoma City in 2008.
Durkan held a news conference Thursday to discuss the NHL announcement.
“I said (Wednesday) I thought we were on the path,” Durkan said. “I didn't know it would happen so quickly. We are thrilled that it is happening. I will be talking to the NHL commissioner soon. I'm also hoping to talk to the NBA commissioner because I know I'm going to get that.
“We saw the (Vancouver) Canucks are really excited to come here and get beat. And we're excited to go up north. We remember Seattle has more Stanley Cups and we plan to add to that.
“We are looking forward to bringing the NHL to Seattle.”
The process announced Thursday is similar to what the Las Vegas Golden Knights did ahead of being awarded an NHL expansion team that began play this season. Before that process, the league opened an expansion-application process for any interested parties and received offers from groups for Las Vegas and Quebec City.
This time around, only Seattle is being considered. Bettman reiterated that the process is exclusively about Seattle when asked whether Quebec City might again be considered.
Barring issues with the season-ticket drive — or a snag with the KeyArena renovation plan — it appears an expansion team will be headed Seattle's way. In fact, the NHL has been negotiating with the Seattle group on the expansion fee for several months. The group initially offered $600 million but agreed to pay the higher price.
Bettman mentioned that relocation of one or more teams is still on the table and did not rule that out. But a renovated KeyArena is not expected to be ready until October 2020 at the earliest, leaving no place to accept a relocated team in the short term. Also, the league stands to gain double in expansion fees what it would get from any group offering to take in a relocated team.
And not every market can afford to pay that fee and make it work. In small-market Quebec City's case, a $650 million expansion fee would cost close to $850 million in Canadian dollars after the exchange rate is factored in.
The league also has been eyeing Seattle as a solution to address the 16-to-15 team imbalance between its Eastern and Western conferences.
OVG co-founder Tim Leiweke had no immediate comment Thursday about the developments. Leiweke is scheduled to arrive in Toronto on Friday for the MLS Cup game between the Sounders and the Toronto FC team they helped run for two seasons in which it acquired many of its current star players.
Besides spending $600 million to refurbish KeyArena, Leiweke's group also has pledged an additional $60 million to a separate city transportation fund and to various community charities.
Durkan on Thursday said the city will begin work on the season-ticket drive with Bonderman and Leiweke.
“I'm hoping to meet with or speak with Mr. Bonderman soon as well as having constant communication with Mr. Leiweke,” Durkan said. “ … I think we'll see the launch right after the first of the year, because it's not a time right now to be launching that kind of campaign.
“But I think there's a lot of pent-up appetite here in Seattle for this, and so I think we can meet the benchmarks we need to meet.”
Durkan was asked for specifics on the benchmarks.
“I don't have all of those in front of me, but we'll get them. I know there's an aggressive schedule for season tickets and the like,” they said. “Obviously we have to get the arena in place. We've got to show that we're moving that around. The part the city has to do is make sure we do our deal. We get the agreements in place. We keep the arena on track.
“And Mr. Leiweke and their group, we're going to make sure they meet their benchmarks to sell the season tickets and the like. We'll be working together closely. I have every confidence that that partnership will go very smoothly.”
The Metropolitans were the first U.S. team to win the Stanley Cup. They reached the Stanley Cup Final two more times before folding in 1924.
Seattle Times staff reporter Jayson Jenks contributed to this report.
Getty Images
Barring injury, Geno Smith will both start and finish today's game.
That's the word from Giants coach Ben McAdoo, who told Sal Paolantonio of ESPN that they are committed to Smith throughout today's game and will not pull them in favor of Eli Manning. The Giants' third quarterback, rookie Davis Webb, is expected to be made inactive, so the Giants are ready to live or die with Smith today.
If Smith gets hurt, Manning would enter the game as their replacement, but that's the only situation in which we'll see Manning anywhere other than the sideline. (Or maybe at midfield for the pre-game coin toss.  They are still a captain, after all, even though McAdoo benched him.)
Smith actually played reasonably well the last few times they got on the field for the Jets. We'll find out today what they can do when handed a starting job for a full game.
Most people will have surgery at some point in their life, vegans included. Whether elective or an emergency, this can be a difficult and frightening time with many people being anxious about both the operation and their anaesthetic. Therefore it is not surprising that the last thing on a patients mind is the type of anaesthetic they will receive.
Many people consider “anaesthetic” to be just one thing. In fact, an anaesthetic comprises several different types of drug of which numerous different varieties exist.
When I first began my anaesthetic training a senior colleague explained this to me using the analogy of baking. Giving an anaesthetic is very much like baking a cake. Broadly speaking, a cake requires three things; flour, sugar and fat. A general anaesthetic usually also requires three things; 1) a drug to render the patient unconscious, 2) a pain killer and 3) a muscle relaxant- the latter being optional depending on the procedure. This is known within the profession as “the triad of anaesthesia”1.
To expand the analogy further, just as you can bake a cake with many different types of flour/sugar/fat, which all have different flavours and textures, are vegan or not, it is possible to give an anaesthetic using different types of drug. They all have their differing properties with regards to their onset times, duration of action, side effects etc but on the whole they are quite similar. The number of combinations of anaesthetic drugs is beyond count, almost like the number of types of cakes are innumerable. Then added to the basic mix, there are the non-essential, but good to have, extras too. With cake it might be chocolate, fruit or icing, with anaesthetic it is often intravenous fluids, anti-sickness drugs and local anaesthetic.
So, you're thinking, just tell me which drugs are and aren't vegan! Well, whilst I could do that, and I will,* unfortunately, it is not as simple as just substituting “X” for “Y”. Following five years of undergraduate medical school training and two years of general junior doctor training, anaesthetists train for a minimum of seven or more years and take several specialist post-graduate exams in anaesthesia to be able to navigate the subtleties of the speciality. Both patient factors and surgical factors have to be taken into account when making these decisions and so I'm hoping that this article will give vegans simply a starting point to discuss their options with their anaesthetist. This is particularly important as many anaesthetists have a selection of favourite “recipes” they like to follow and they will need some notice, at the pre-operative stage, if they are to modify these.
To start with let's talk about which anaesthetic drugs are vegan friendly, which thankfully is the majority of them:
Drug group Examples Use Muscle relaxants Atracurium, rocuronium, suxamethonium To facilitate passage of a breathing tube, to prevent coughing/movement during surgery Volatile anaesthetics Sevoflurane, isoflurane, desflurane Gas to inhale which keeps patients asleep Sedation Midazolam To make patients drowsy and calm prior to general anaesthetic or during procedures under local anaesthetic Induction agents Thiopentone, ketamine Injections to put people to sleep quickly at the start of an anaesthetic Local anaesthetics Lignocaine, bupivacaine, ropivacaine To numb small areas for minor surgery or to block nerves and numb body regions Opiates Fentanyl ,alfentanil, remifentanil, morphine, diamorphine Pain killers to give stability during anaesthetic and as a painkiller afterwards Anti-emetics Ondansetron, dexamethasone Prevent post-operative nausea and vomiting Intravenous fluids- “crystalloids” Saline, dextrose, Plasma-Lyte148®, Hartmanns solution (when produced by Baxter) Maintaining hydration, resuscitating patients with low blood pressure Human blood products Packed red cells, platelets, fresh frozen plasma (FFP), human albumin solution (HAS) To replace the patients' own blood after bleeding or in anaemia of other cause Safety drugs Metaraminol, ephedrine, atropine, glycopyrollate, noradrenaline, adrenaline To bring up the heart rate and/or blood pressure when they become too low
*Please bear in mind that no drug currently in use in the UK is technically fully vegan given they will all have been tested on animals during their development. If you are interested in supporting the move away from this practice- visit Animal Free Research (formerly Dr Hadwen Trust).
So, with so many vegan options available, what is the problem? Well, firstly the most commonly used anaesthetic agent is called propofol 2. It is the default position for most anaesthetists and it is highly unlikely you will be asked your views on the use of animal products in anaesthesia prior to the operation. It can be used as an “induction agent” to put you to sleep or as maintenance to keep you asleep as a continuous infusion. It's a good drug in that it works very quickly and reliably to put people to sleep. Also, it is the best drug to have for minor procedures as it is well cleared from the body but also because it depresses laryngeal reflexes (those that cause coughing and gagging) and allows for the placement of a supra-glottic airway (a breathing tube that sits above the vocal cords as opposed to one that goes through the cords and thus usually requires the use of a muscle relaxant.) Unfortunately the drug is carried in a mixture containing egg, as is another anaesthetic drug called etomidate, although this is much more rarely used due to its depressant effects on adrenal gland function. Knowing the pharmaceutical industry I highly doubt they would use free range egg, thus affecting vegetarians too. So, what are the options to avoid propofol?
Use a different intravenous induction agent e.g. thiopentone/ketamine. This is no problem if your operation or medical history already requires you to have muscle relaxant. Have a “gas induction” to go to sleep i.e. deep breath on anaesthetic gas e.g. sevoflurane. A good option if your operation/medical history allows you to have a supra-glottic airway tube. It takes longer (a couple of minutes rather than a few seconds) to go to sleep- and has a bit of a funny chemical smell but it's a common choice for kids. Note this can be unsafe in emergency situations or if you suffer from acid reflux. Have your operation awake using a local anaesthetic technique e.g. a spinal anaesthetic/ epidural/regional block +/- sedation e.g. midazolam. This is a good option if you operation is expected to last less than a few hours and is on the periphery of the body i.e. this is not really an option for most heart/lung/bowel/brain surgery.
The other non-vegan thing you are likely to be given if unwell is a group of fluids called colloids. These can crop up in any hospital setting not just anaesthesia. They contain big molecules thought to increase blood pressure when given intravenously. One group contains vegan friendly starches but the other contains gelatines. They have trade names like gelospan® and gelofusin. These are a group of fluids you can fully and easily avoid. They have no proven benefit over and above the above named crystalloid fluids and in fact there is evidence to suggest harm 3 including problems with kidney injury, bleeding and chronic itching. Interestingly, this is also true of the vegan friendly starches which have largely been removed from clinical practice.4
Crystalloids are therefore the mainstay of most hospitals fluids. Traditionally normal (0.9%) saline has been the commonest fluid used, however, it can cause a raised chloride level in the blood which is an acid and leads to problems with a low pH. Therefore manufacturers have moved to “physiologically balanced” solutions such as Plasma-Ltye148® and Hartmanns solution. The former is vegan but the latter may not be depending on the manufacturer. Baxters Hartmanns solution is safe but others may not be. A fact even I did not know prior to writing this article so do not expect your anaesthetist to be aware of this either. Hartmanns solution is also called “lactated ringers solution” and as the name suggests it contains lactate (as does the anti-sickness drug cyclizine) created using a base which can sometimes be milk. Whilst the two fluids are roughly equal in efficacy, sadly it is unlikely to be as simple as requesting Plasma-Lyte148®, as most hospitals bulk buy to keep costs low and each institution is likely to have an exclusive contract for one or another of the fluids. Your choice may be between a balanced solution (including non-Baxters Hartmanns) or normal saline. This is a judgement call as whilst normal saline is considered to be inferior to a balanced solution, most operations only lead to the administration of small amounts of fluid, and it is generally only large volumes that lead to problems.
Ok, now a word about intensive care- ICU. If someone is critically ill and on a ventilator they are nearly always sedated with propofol. Its advantage in this situation is that it doesn't accumulate much in the tissues meaning it wears off relatively quickly when you switch the infusion off. So, what's the alternative? Well, we can go back to using what we used prior to propofols relatively recent invention (1977). We can sedate with midazolam and an opiate (see above table). This combination has a long safety record and as such is still the first choice in paediatric (childrens) intensive care. It is inferior in its offset time, however it does have the advantage of avoiding the risk of “propofol infusion syndrome5 (where fatty lipids build up in the blood and lead to liver, kidney and heart damage.) that can occur after prolonged infusions.
The other common issue I have come across on ICU is feeding the unconscious patient. We usually give a liquid feed down a tube in the nose down into the stomach. The vast majority of these feeds contain cows' milk. There is a soya based alternative- Nutrison-Soya®. However, this will probably have to be ordered in as it won't be kept in stock. Also, because of how its vitamin D is sourced it is not vegan. I would argue the latter is better than the former, however, each individual must make their own decision about what is acceptable to them. I have heard that there have been instances where soya milk was used in isolation instead for those wishing to remain strictly vegan, however, this is nutritionally inferior which could impair recovery.
In summary, The Vegan Society states that being vegan should be “as far as is possible and practicable”6. I feel that it is perfectly reasonable to want to avoid animal products in this context, it is also perfectly practicable in the anaesthetic context, as all these drugs live in the same cupboard, it just requires a conversation about what you are and are not willing to accept. As an anaesthetist I know I could achieve an animal product free anaesthetic for myself and I hope this article will help you achieve this too. Every patient who has mental capacity has an absolute legal right to refuse any treatment they wish even if the doctor considers this refusal to be unwise, this is the ethical principle of autonomy, and any doctor who overrides this could be prosecuted for assault. Just make sure you are clear about what you are and are not happy with and ask for this to be documented in your notes and on your drug chart.
Dr Charlotte Houltram MBChB FRCA (Fellow of the Royal college of Anaesthetists) ST5 in anaesthesia & Intensive Care Medicine, Reviewed by Samantha Fry MRPharmS (Member of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society) Clinical diploma, Hospital Pharmacist.
All enquiries to cmhoultram[at]doctors.net[dot]uk
References
1. http://www.frca.co.uk/article.aspx?articleid=100504
2. https://www.medicines.org.uk search- SPC Diprivan
3. Cochrane Review: Are colloids more effective than crystalloids in reducing death in people who are critically ill or injured? Published: 28 February 2013 Authors: Perel P, Roberts I, Ker K
4. www.gov.uk/drug-safety-update/hydroxethyl-starch-intravenous-infusions
5. https://bnf.nice.org.uk/drug/propofol.html#medicinalForm
6. https://www.vegansociety.com/go-vegan/definition-veganism
This article is about incorporating functional programming concepts into Ruby code, in a pragmatic way – something I call “functional style.”
And when I say pragmatic, what I mean is that the code should still mostly look and feel like idiomatic Ruby. Ruby is not Haskell, and nor should it be. The idea is to work with the grain of the language, not against it. The code should be easy for any Rubyist to understand – hopefully even easier than what you're accustomed to.
So let's look at avoiding mutation: the benefits, how to do it, the drawbacks, and where it might not be appropriate.
Why You Should Avoid Mutation
Mutation is a source of bugs. Therefore avoiding mutation will reduce the number of bugs that you introduce. Whenever you change a variable, there is always the possibility that you have broken some other piece of code that relied upon it. Avoiding mutation makes certain types of bugs impossible to introduce.
Mutation requires you to spend extra mental energy when reading and writing code. When you write code that changes a variable, you have to analyse all the ways that change could affect other pieces of code. Whenever you read code containing mutations, you have to analyse all the different states that the variable might have, and when those states can change. You can bypass this analysis and reduce the mental effort required by simply avoiding mutation.
There is also potential for performance benefits, which we will get to later in this article.
In summary, avoiding mutation makes your code easier to read, easier to write, and less buggy. It gives you confidence, and reduces the need for frustrating debugging.
I propose that you should avoid mutation wherever possible. It should be the default way to write code, and each deviation should require a good reason.
Pretend All Values Are Immutable
Pretend that everything is immutable. I say “pretend” because practically everything in Ruby is mutable by default, so trying to enforce immutability everywhere is painful. It's more pragmatic to accept that Ruby is a highly mutable language, and just use discipline.
Despite all the mutability, the Ruby standard library actually makes this fairly easy. Most destructive* methods have non-destructive alternatives. Here are a few examples:
* The term “destructive” used here has a specific meaning in FP . Mutation is referred to as a destructive update because it overwrites the previous value. A non-destructive update creates a new value, leaving the old value intact.
String#upcase! vs String#upcase
vs Hash#[]= vs Hash#merge
vs Array#concat vs Array#+
vs Array#shift vs Enumerable#drop(1)
The Enumerable mixin is your best friend here, because all of its methods are non-destructive by design. Make sure you know how to use every method in Enumerable , and pay specific attention to the FP Triforce: Enumerable#map , Enumerable#select , and Enumerable#reduce .
Example:
# # FUNCTIONAL STYLE # def symbolize_keys ( hash ) hash . map { | key , value | [ key . to_sym , value ] } . to_h end # # NON-FUNCTIONAL STYLE # def symbolize_keys ( hash ) result = {} hash . each do | key , value | # mutating the `result` hash result [ key . to_sym ] = value end result end
Don't Reassign Variables
After you've created a variable by assigning its initial value, leave it alone. If you said that x = 5 , don't come along later and say that x += 2 . Decide on what value x should have, and stick to it.
If you need to create a new value based on an existing one, create a new variable for it. Instead of x += 2 , you could write new_x = x + 2 .
Example:
# # FUNCTIONAL STYLE # def travelling_expenses_total ( expenses ) expenses . select { | e | e . type == :travelling } . map ( & :amount ) . reduce ( 0 , : + ) end # # NON-FUNCTIONAL STYLE # def travelling_expenses_total ( expenses ) total = 0 expenses . each do | e | # reassigning `total` total += e . amount if e . type == :travelling end total end
Design Classes To Be Immutable
Whenever you need to write a new class, try to make it immutable.
Immutable classes all follow a simple pattern: never reassign or mutate instance variables. This usually means that you assign all the instance variables within initialize , and then do not provide any methods that could change them.
Example:
# # FUNCTIONAL STYLE # class MicroBlogPost attr_reader :title , :body def initialize ( title , body ) @title = title @body = body end def rename ( new_title ) MicroBlogPost . new ( new_title , @body ) end end # example of creation: post = MicroBlogPost . new ( 'Hi' , 'This is my first post' ) # example of update: renamed_post = post . rename ( 'First Post' ) # # NON-FUNCTIONAL STYLE # class MicroBlogPost # this defines methods for reassigning instance variables attr_accessor :title , :body end # example of creation: post = MicroBlogPost . new post . title = 'Hi' post . body = 'This is my first post' # example of update: post . title = 'First Post'
The functional-style MicroBlogPost class above requires more boilerplate than the other one, but there are gems that help to get rid of that. For an overview of these gems, check out the previous article: A Review Of Immutability In Ruby.
Performance Problems
Probably the most commonly cited problem of immutability is performance. Non-destructive updates often require a lot of duplication. Duplication takes time to run, consumes extra memory, and makes more objects for the garbage collector to clean up. In theory, this means your app will have worse performance than its mutable counterpart.
In practise, however, performance is rarely an issue. Typically you're only working with small data sets, like an array of 100 immutable objects. On this scale, the performance differences are practically imperceptible. If your app has very strict performance requirements, it's probably not going to be written in Ruby in the first place.
Performance problems can become noticeable with large data sets. Repeatedly duplicating an array with millions of elements will be slow, and create memory pressure. In these situations, you have a few options:
Use lazy enumerators to avoid some of the duplication. Usually, if you chained three calls to map on an array, it would create three new arrays. With Enumerator::Lazy , only the final result array would be created.
Use a streaming API design. Here is a recipe for terrible performance: read a huge file into memory, non-destructively update each line, and write the results out to a new file. Instead, consider a streaming API that reads, updates, and writes each line, one at a time. This will alleviate the performance problems caused by memory pressure, and the update step inbetween reading and writing can still be written in a functional style.
Use persistent data structures. Persistent data structures are immutable collections, like arrays and hash maps, that are specifically designed to have good performance for non-destructive updates. They reduce duplication by sharing state, under the hood. In Ruby, you can get these from the hamster gem.
Just use mutable data. Performance can be a perfectly valid reason to use mutable data. This is fairly rare though, so fight the urge to optimise prematurely.
Performance Benefits
Perhaps counterintuitively, immutability can actually lead to better performance.
Mutability has its own source of duplication: defensive copying. Defensive copying has all the performance problems of non-destructive updates, except it's harder to predict when it will happen. Defensive copying is not necessary for immutable objects.
Concurrent access to mutable data usually requires some sort of coordination, such as a mutex or a semaphore. This can cause performance problems relating to locking, which immutable data does not suffer from. This isn't much of a consideration for MRI because it lacks proper concurrency, but it may be a consideration for JRuby.
Last but not least, I believe that writing code with immutability in mind results in simpler code. Simpler code usually means less code, and less code usually means faster code. This is a personal opinion of mine, and I know that a lot of people will disagree with me, but I'm also not the only person to think this way. For a real-world example of this, have a look at the consistently good performance of ROM and the dry-rb gems.
Where Immutability Is Inappropriate
Avoiding mutability is a good default, but it's not appropriate in all situations.
We've already covered performance. There are some situations where immutability would cause an unacceptable loss of performance.
Sometimes an implementation can be made simpler by using a little bit of mutable state. I've found that writing parsers is a good example of this. It's entirely possible to write parsers that avoid mutability, but in my experience it's quite a lot simpler to write parsers that consume their input as they run. Consuming input usually means reading from an IO stream or popping tokens off of an array, both of which are mutations.
Another situation I've found is writing DSLs in Ruby. DSLs are typically a set of statements, where each statement causes some kind of mutation. In the Rails routing DSL, for example, every time you use get , post or resources , new route objects are being created and added to the set of all routes. In situations like these, where a data structure is being built one step at a time, it might be simpler to implement this with mutation. After the data structure has been built, however, you can start treating it as immutable again. Rails routes basically work like this – you build up your routes at boot time, and they remain constant after that. Think of it like a complicated constructor function.
One decent way to compare implementations is by the amount of code. If the functionality is equivalent, the implementation with less code is usually better. If you can get a substantial code reduction by using mutable data, then that is a valid reason to do so. Evaluating implementations is way more complicated than just looking at the amount of code in each, but it is a good rule of thumb.
Conclusion: It's All About Discipline
Ruby is an extremely flexible language, and that is a double-edged sword. You can use it to write a dream codebase or a maintainability nightmare. Ruby is a sharp tool, and it is up to you, the developer, to use it responsibly.
The resulting codebase that you get largely depends upon discipline: the rules that you choose to consistently apply to your code. I like to say that Ruby's motto is “you can, but don't.”
Avoiding mutability by default is, in my opinion, a rule worth applying.
The Ruby Logo is copyright Yukihiro Matsumoto. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.5
(Reuters) - New York state's top prosecutor on Tuesday filed for a temporary injunction that would shut down daily fantasy sports leaders DraftKings and FanDuel in the state in the latest blow to the fast-growing, multibillion-dollar industry.
A DraftKings logo is displayed on a board inside of the DFS Players Conference in New York November 13, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Daily fantasy sports gaming “is nothing more than a rebranding of sports betting,” New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in legal documents filed in a Manhattan trial court. “It is plainly illegal.”
In response to the state attorney general's moves, FanDuel stopped allowing New Yorkers to participate in paid contests as of Tuesday afternoon.
“We believe that this restriction is temporary and we hope to be able to offer our paid contests to New Yorkers again very soon,” FanDuel said.
DraftKings, however, has pledged to continue running its business as usual in the state.
New York has more daily fantasy sports players than any other U.S. state, according to Eilers Research, so being forced to shut down there could cripple the companies.
The move by Schneiderman, which was expected, followed a failed effort on Monday by the two fantasy sports companies to obtain a separate court order that would have headed off Schneiderman's proceeding.
A hearing on the injunction is set for Nov. 25.
GAME OF SKILL OR CHANCE?
Modern fantasy sports started in 1980 and have mushroomed online. Participants typically create teams that span an entire season in professional sports, including American football, baseball, basketball and hockey.
Daily fantasy sports, a turbocharged version of the season-long game, have developed over the past decade. Players draft teams in games played in just one evening or over a weekend.
Schneiderman last week sent cease and desist letters to DraftKings and FanDuel, demanding that they stop taking money from players in the state.
While the letter established Schneiderman's view that daily fantasy sports are illegal gambling, they must obtain a court order to shut the companies down in New York state.
Schneiderman, in the legal papers filed on Tuesday, argued that daily fantasy sports contests are not games of skill, which are allowed in the state, but games of chance, citing the companies' investor presentations and comments by their chief executives.
For example, Schneiderman pointed to a DraftKings presentation to prospective investors that makes comparisons to poker and sports wagering.
Moreover, the attorney general said the companies had “basic compliance issues,” encouraging their employees to play daily fantasy sports games on their competitors' platforms.
Schneiderman also said in the DraftKings complaint that nearly 90 percent of daily fantasy sports players lost money in 2013 and 2014, citing the company's data.
The injunction requested in New York is the latest threat to the daily fantasy sports industry. The two companies have become the subject of congressional inquiries as well as a ban in Nevada after spending hundreds of millions of dollars on television advertising in 2015.
DraftKings has contacted the sales division of at least one television network asking for flexibility for their ad commitments and are asking to shift some money out of the fourth quarter into the first quarter of next year, according to sources familiar with the situation, who wished to remain anonymous because the conversations were confidential.
A spokesperson for DraftKings said the company has not specifically asked to move ads from the fourth to the first quarter.
The gender gap in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) engagement is large and persistent. This gap is significantly larger in technological fields such as computer science and engineering than in math and science. Gender gaps begin early; young girls report less interest and self-efficacy in technology compared with boys in elementary school. In the current study (N = 96), we assessed 6-year-old children's stereotypes about STEM fields and tested an intervention to develop girls' STEM motivation despite these stereotypes. First-grade children held stereotypes that boys were better than girls at robotics and programming but did not hold these stereotypes about math and science. Girls with stronger stereotypes about robotics and programming reported lower interest and self-efficacy in these domains. We experimentally tested whether positive experience with programming robots would lead to greater interest and self-efficacy among girls despite these stereotypes. Children were randomly assigned either to a treatment group that was given experience in programming a robot using a smartphone or to control groups (no activity or other activity). Girls given programming experience reported higher technology interest and self-efficacy compared with girls without this experience and did not exhibit a significant gender gap relative to boys' interest and self-efficacy. These findings show that children's views mirror current American cultural messages about who excels at computer science and engineering and show the benefit of providing young girls with chances to experience technological activities.
The Cango Caves spellbind the visitors with their extensive chambers and tunnels. These dripstone caverns with giant halls and majestic formations evoke a sense of wonderment. These caves are known for hidden treasures and vast underground network of limestones. They are not just another mind-boggling rock patterns, but an enduring symbol of millenia-long chemical transformation.
Cango Caves History
The origin of the caves remains a mystery. However, locals believe that these caves were first discovered by a local farmer named Jacobus van Zyl, after whom the first chamber is named. In 1938, the Cango Caves were declared a national monument.
Things to Do in Cango Caves
There are two kinds of tours to choose from:
Cango Caves Adventure Tour
This 90-minute tour is certainly not everyone's cup of tea. The added 30-minute adventure takes you to the Jacob's Ladder (with over 200 steps) via the Grand Hall further into the Avenue and concluding to the low-level Lumbago Alley. This tour gets more challenging as the staircase and walking path get narrower and deeper. The level of excitement rises as you move from the King Solomon's Mines to the Devil's Chimney, Devil's Kitchen, and Devil's Post Box. This tour is conducted from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm.
Cango Caves Tour (Standard)
As the name suggests, this tour is suitable for all visitors and lasts for 60 minutes. There is an obvious hint of increased humidity and warmth as you enter the caves. Various sections that are covered in this tour include:
1.Van Zyl's Hall – This chamber reveals the imposing stalactites – also called “The dried tobacco leaves of Oudtshoorn” – that are suspended from the ceiling. The highlights of this 90-meter-long hall are Cleopatra's Needle, Organ Pipes, and the Pulpit of a Great Cathedral.
2. Botha's Hall – The Botha's Hall houses the largest formations dating back to 500,000 years. It resembles the Leaning Tower of Pisa. The other highlights of this hall include The Madonna and Child formation, The Temple Presentation, The Heavy Stage Curtains, The Petrified Weeping Willow Tree, and the Throne Room. Furthermore, there are some smaller formations in the Stone Room: The Bust of an ancient Cave Man, a Hairy Mammoth Elephant, and a fossilized fish swimming against the ceiling.
3.Rainbow Chamber – After moving ahead from Botha's Hall, ascend the staircase to reach the Rainbow Chamber. Here, the glow of the lights is spooky. The areas to be noticed here are the Biblical Section, an open Family Bible, elongated Lost Wing of an Angel, and the Christening Font.
4.Bridal Chamber – This Chamber has a fourteen-post bridal bed with active stalactites dripping continuously from the low roof.
This tour also covers the Fairyland Chamber, enlivened with colorful illuminations, and the Drum Room — the chamber with translucent stalagmite. The tour is conducted from 9:00 am to 4:00 pm.
Note:-Although the tours are offered in English, you may request for other languages such as Afrikaans, French and German while making reservations
Cango Caves Entrance Fee
For Heritage Tour, tickets for adults and children are priced at R 85 and R 50 respectively. In case of Adventure Tour, adults are charged R 105. For children, a ticket costs R 65. These rates are valid till 30 June 2016. Tickets can be booked through the official website of this tourist destination.
Cango Caves Tour Times
While the Heritage Tour is conducted for an hour any time between 9:00 am and 4:00 pm, the Adventure Tour is conducted for 90 minutes from 9:30 am to 3:30 pm.
Where is Cango Caves?
The caves are located about 29 km north of Oudtshoorn town in South Africa.
Cango Caves Map
How to Reach?
By Air – The George Airport is 90 km away from the caves (via N12 and R328).
By Road – Regional route of R328 connects the Caves. You can rent a car from Oudtshoorn and make a day trip here.
Cango Caves Accommodation
Wilgewandel Holiday Farm, De Oude Meul Country Lodge, De Poort Country Lodge, and Cango Mountain Resort are the options in the middle of this sparsely populated area. For many comfortable stays in Oudtshoorn town, you can select from Kleinpass Resort, Langenhoven B&B, Oakdene Guest House, and Hlangana Lodge.
Hotels Name Website Type Address Wilgewandel Holiday Farm www.wilgewandel.co.za Lodging Oudtshoorn, 6620, Scenic Cape Route 62, South Africa, South Africa info@wilgewandel.co.za De Poort Country Lodge www.poort.co.za Guest House R328, 17km North of Oudtshoorn, Schoemanspoort, Oudtshoorn, 6625, South Africa info@poort.co.za Cango Mountain Resort Resort Oudtshoorn, Shoemanshoek Valley, Oudtshoorn, 6620, South Africa oldmill@mdwireless.co.za De Oude Meul Country Lodge www.deoudemeul.co.za 4 star R328, Oudtshoorn, 6620, South Africa info@cangomountainresort.co.za Langenhoven B&B langenhovenbandb.co.za 3 star 124 Langenhoven Rd, Oudtshoorn, 6625, South Africa langenhoven@absamail.co.za Oakdene Guest House www.oakdene.co.za 4 star 99 Baron Van Reede St, Oudtshoorn, 6620, South Africa oakdene@mweb.co.za Hlangana Lodge www.hlangana.co.za 4 star 51 North St, Oudtshoorn, 6620, South Africa info@hlangana.co.za
Restaurants
Su Casa Restaurant, De Oude Meul Restaurant, Old Mill Restaurant, and Jemina's Restaurant cater to diners of varying preferences. Bello Cibo is an Italian restaurant that serves pastas, salads, and pizzas.
Best Time to Visit
Cango caves can be visited any time of the year as the weather inside the caves remains mild.
Cango Caves Facts
These caves are believed to be discovered in prehistoric times, and are arguably the oldest tourist attraction in South Africa.
Cango Caves have three sections: Cango One, Cango Two, and Cango Three. Only Cango One is open for public tours.
The entrance gate was erected in 1890.
The archeological studies have revealed that the Caves sheltered humans for a period longer than 80,000 years.
Tall formations of Cleopatra's Needle rock are around 150,000 years old.
Temperature inside the caves remains around 18°C.
Oudtshoorn is known as the “Ostrich Capital of the World.”
Things to Remember
The caves are open throughout the year except on December 25.
People with any physical disabilities should not visit the caves.
It is best not to enter deep into the caves if you suffer from claustrophobia, asthma, or high blood pressure.
There are no nearby gas stations or ATMs available.
Eating, drinking, and smoking are strictly prohibited inside.
Wear comfortable footwear as rain makes the floor slippery.
Please make reservations in advance for cave tours during peak season.
Nearby Attractions
Groot Swartberg Nature Reserve, Swartberg Pass, Cango Wildlife Ranch, Highgate Ostrich Show Farm, Anysberg Nature Reserve, and Rust-en-Vrede Waterfall.
Image Credit : Leo za1, Crystian Cruz
MS20151021
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
I wasn't planning on covering tonight's episode of RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race because I'm buried in deadlines for a huge stack of superhero comic book reviews. As I started watching, it became difficult to cope with the idea that I wouldn't be recapping an episode that combines two of my favorite things in the world, and then the bottom two queens lip-synced to Robyn's “Dancing On My Own,” which is pretty much my third favorite thing in the world. Like the wave of bats that flew before a young Bruce Wayne after the death of their parents, it was a sign that I needed to cover this week's episode, or risk something truly horrible happening in the future. If I didn't write about Firecrotch and Lactasia, my Uncle Ben would be shot, and I just can't live with that guilt right now.
Advertisement
This week, the queens have to create superhero/villain alter egos for themselves, meaning they have to design comic book costumes and come up with origin stories and mission statements for their alternate personalities. But before they get to that, it's time for some daytime drag humiliation as the queens prove whether or not they have the balls to be in the Hall of Fame by shooting some hoops. As they play a variation on HORSE called FISH, we get to see the masculine side of these queens come out, highlighted by the fact that their 10-minute drag has them all looking like horrible male hookers. Rujubee defeats Shad, and their prize is that they get to call home. Jujubee calls their boyfriend, Raven calls their mom, and everyone gets emotional.
After a quick recap of RuPaul's insane superhero flick Starrbooty (now available on Netflix!), the queens get their superhero challenge. The winners will be immortalized in a Dynamite comic, which is a legitimate comic book publisher, so kudos to RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race! The challenge makes Chad go way over-the-top into raunchy territory, coming up with the superhero Firepussy who is in charge of vaginal rejuvenations. She'll have red pubic hairs that peek out from under their costume, and it will be hilarious or really gross. Shannel wants to create Black Diamondique, the “stealer” of the rarest black diamonds in the world. Chad is reminded of when Jiggly took the magazine challenge too seriously last season and got sent home, and suggests that Shannel take a different approach. “Maybe your tits put out my fire, and that's my weakness?” It says something when that is not even close to the best line in this episode. RuPaul tells them that they should probably go a little bit more family friendly, and they do rein it in, at least as much as two extravagant queens like Shad can.
Rujubee aren't doing much better, and they come up with a convoluted sci-fi origin story for their characters that has something to do with the dark side of their home planet Solaris and tanning. Jujubee's hero goes by the name of Melanina, and Raven is the evil So.Phia Fierce (SPF), but RuPaul thinks that it's all a bit too complicated. The queens are going to have to simplify and do some major tweaking, but not before Ru drops the other shoe, telling them that they have to choreograph a routine to the latest Lucian Piane masterpiece “Good Versus Evil,” and that the pair in the bottom will have to lip sync against each other to determine who goes home. Cue the drama! Shannel takes over the choreography session with their Elvis-kick style of dance, but Chad manages to step in before Rujubee rips Shannel's head off. The super-bitch side of Shannel that was prevalent in season 1 comes back this week, but she's no match for Raven's claws. When Shannel mentions that they would have been in the top three in their season if they didn't choose to leave, Raven asks, “Do you think if Ru didn't want you to go they would have let you go?” That's some Grade A shade right there.
Advertisement
After an adequately choreographed routine to a godawful song, we get our introduction to the superheroes and villains of RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race. Chadissa Michaels/Firecrotch from Little Cooch, Arkansas, was a worker at the Sugar Walls factory who found themselves covered in decontaminant that gave their powers of vaginal rejuvenation (power phrase: “Don't hesitate! Vaginal rejuvenate!”). Them arch nemesis is Shannel Suits/Lactasia from Nipple Junction, Tennessee ( the best location ever?), shot with radiation while working at their hospital job that infused their brain with magnetic lactation abilities (power phrase: “Ariolas activate; hard nipples lactate!”). Jujubee/Melanina was shot to Earth during a solar eclipse, becoming a bronze goddess (power phrase: “No T, no shade!”). Them enemy is Raven/So.Phia Fierce, whose planet was shot to Earth during a solar eclipse, causing them to lose all pigment in their skin (power phrase: “Throw me shade, bitch!”).
One team clearly put more thought into their backstory, mission statement, and power set, and Chad's insistence on going big ends up paying off for their team. As ridiculous as their stories are, Chad and Shannel try to bring more layers, and the general simplicity of Rujubee's characters is what brings their team down. From a costume point of view, Michelle points out that what we're seeing here is the difference between the old school and new school of superheroes. (I don't know if Michelle is a big comic book fan, but the confidence with which they discuss this week's challenge leads me to believe she's got some major love for superheroes.) Shad's costumes are busy and cartoonishly exaggerated, while Rujubee goes for sleeker, more functional costumes. Santino has problems with Jujubee's silver-and-white bodysuit, but Michelle defends it, saying that it's very Marvel Comics. (She's very right, it's basically Kitty Pryde's current costume in Ultimate X-Men).
This week's guest judges are Wendy McLendon-Covey of Bridesmaids and Reno 911! and Elvira, and these women take their jobs very seriously. I can't remember the last time the panel was so passionately divided, and the judges have a full set of pros and cons for each team. Getting in the mindset of a studio executive, Wendy says that they appreciate the narrative of Rujubee, but is more interested in the marketing and merchandising possibilities with Shad. Wendy takes this so seriously that their seriousness goes over the edge and becomes hilarious again, and Elvira is equally concerned with picking the queens that deserve to win. It's interesting that their discussion is actually a major debate in the world of superheroes right now. How far should comic book publishers go in making their characters reflect their more realistic film counterparts? Take a character like Hawkeye, who had a silly but signature purple costume that has become a utilitarian leather outfit with sunglasses after they appeared in The Avengers. Rujubee's costumes would work on film without looking too cheesy, but there's no way that the red feathers and metal spikes of Shad's outfits won't look cheap on camera. But this isn't a competition for movie superheroes, it's for comic book superheroes, and Shad's is the exact kind of flamboyant style that dominated superhero comics for decades. Chad is serving up sexy Silver Age, and Shannel looks like they stepped right off a Rob Liefeld page and onto the runway. Meanwhile, Jujubee has a bright pink wig, and Raven has a weird plastic mask thing. When Shad shantays to safety, it's deserved, and sets the stage for one devastating lip-sync.
Advertisement
I was expecting an amazing lip sync showdown from Raven and Jujubee, but once Robyn's “Dancing On My Own” starts playing, both queens completely break down. As much as I would have liked to see the queens dance this song out, the overwhelming emotion of this lip-sync makes it one of Drag Race's finest. It's the perfect song for these two queens to sing at this moment, too. The dynamic on stage is so strange, with both queens wanting to stay but not wanting the other to go, and that chemistry combined with the song's lyrics creates a unique experience. They're basically just crying and standing around, although when they sing “I'm spinning around in circles,” Raven grabs Jujubee's hands and tries a sad little spin. There might have been tears between Chad and Shannel if they were in the bottom, but their professionalism also might have kept their emotions in check.
Jujubee makes a bit more of an effort to move around the stage, but it almost feels like Raven is transferring their strength to their partner. After the intense lip sync, Jujubee begins to hyperventilate but is calmed down by Raven, and that sense of sisterhood is what this show is all about. When RuPaul tells them that they're both shantaying to safety, it doesn't even seem like a cop out because they just showed so much vulnerability in the lip sync. (Based on performance, I think Raven would have gone home.) It doesn't feel like a cop out even though this is the second time this show has pulled this move this year, after pitting Phi Phi and Sharon Needles against each other after a paired challenge, then sending neither of them home when Willam was disqualified. RuPaul knows what their viewers want, and no one wants to see Rujubee go home, but deep down, we all secretly want to see Raven and Jujubee duke it out in the lip sync. Next week is the Stars finale, which will apparently incorporate some kind of Twitter voting element, although Ru doesn't actually say that those votes will have any outcome on the winner. Here's hoping this season continues the upward swing of the last two episodes as it heads to its conclusion.
Stray observations:
Lookie here, hunties, the trailer for RuPaul's Drag Race season five is serving up a pantheon of fish and fierce. I cannot wait.
Ju loves randomly licking thing: their cups in Untucked, Raven on the basketball court.
This week's material was provided by Leg Avenue. (Ooooh!)
Raven calls their mom to tell them about the Silver Lounge with all this great furniture from Form Décor, said with a huge smirk. Good for Raven, they know how to get camera time.
Raven loves the Evil Queen from Snow White; here's them doing the character at Showgirls:
Shannel always identified with villains. Big surprise there.
Dear Chad: Quit it with the Hunger Games references. We get it, you really like those books.
Ru is serving up Julie Newmar realness with their feline alter ego tonight, while Michelle Visage and their Jersey necklace are looking almost normal tonight. (Her breasts continue to pull focus.)
I'll let you commenters discuss Untucked, but I will say I am so happy we finally got to Shannel yelling, “I have got a yeast infection of life!”
“Wonder Twin powers, dragtivate!”
“This is like my worst nightmare: sports and day drag.”
“I feel like Peg Bundy on steroids.” A perfect description of Shannel's basketball look, from Shannel.
“I'm giving 'em Kareema Abdula Jabarra realness-ah.”
“Ohhh, intense, that's what you call it…”
“Oh, I can't wait to do it with you.”
RuPaul: “Call FEMA because their cooch is on fire!” Michelle: “They won't show up.” Look at Drag Race, gettin' all political.
“I look old and fat on camera, I don't know what to tell you” Wendy McLendon-Covey is amazing.
“Your backstory was a little loose, and left us hanging.” Ha. Droopy vaginas.
Rujubee post lip sync: “You look so pretty.” “No, you look you so pretty.” “You're so pretty.” “No, you're so pretty.” (sob) (weep) (sob)
“I want fried chicken now.”
Jerry Crasnick breaks down the Nationals' hiring of Dusty Baker as manager and what they will bring to the team. (1:25)
Dusty Baker is the new manager of the Washington Nationals, meaning Major League Baseball avoids what would have been its first season since 1988 with zero black skippers.
Baker has managed in the majors for 20 seasons. They take over for Matt Williams, who was fired after their lack of experience proved to be a problem as the Nats -- the object of World Series hopes at the start of the season -- finished 83-79 and failed to make the playoffs.
Editor's Picks Nationals botch Bud Black deal, get it right with skipper Dusty Baker Though they stumbled along the way, the Nationals ultimately landed the experienced manager they needed in Dusty Baker.
"We were looking for a manager to help us achieve our ultimate goal of competing for a World Series championship," owner Ted Lerner said in a statement. "During our broad search process we met with many qualified candidates, and ultimately it was clear that Dusty's deep experience was the best fit for our ballclub."
Baker, who is black, becomes one of only two current managers among the 30 big league clubs who are a member of racial minority, joining the Atlanta Braves' Fredi Gonzalez, who is Hispanic. The Los Angeles Dodgers are the only team with an open managerial position.
The Ring Is The Thing Dusty Baker has managed 1,671 games over 20 seasons without having won a World Series title, which puts them second only to Gene Mauch. Manager Wins Playoffs Gene Mauch 1,902 5-7 Dusty Baker 1,671 19-26 Clark Griffith 1,491 -- Al Lopez 1,410 2-8
"I am certain that the Nationals, like all of our clubs, hired the best person for the job. It is encouraging that in this case the best person turned out to be African American," MLB commissioner Rob Manfred wrote in an email to The Associated Press on Tuesday. "This is a positive step and I am intent on making continued progress on diversity in the managerial ranks going forward."
Terms of the deal were not announced. Baker, who will be introduced at a news conference on Thursday, becomes the Nationals' seventh manager since the franchise moved from Montreal to Washington in 2005.
Their 1,671 career wins rank 16th on the MLB list and is third among active managers.  They are one of only two managers, along with Bobby Cox, to win three NL Managers of the Year awards.
The 66-year-old Baker went 509-463 in six seasons with the Cincinnati Reds and finished third on the Reds' list for wins by a manager behind Sparky Anderson (863) and Bill McKechnie (744). They have not managed since 2013, their last season with the Reds.
They rank second on the San Francisco Giants with 840 wins and guided the team to the 2002 World Series as part of their two NL West titles there. They also led the Chicago Cubs to a divisional title in 2003 as part of back-to-back winning seasons there.
Three-time NL Manager of the Year Dusty Baker was hired by the Washington Nationals on Tuesday. AP Photo/Brett Davis
"I am so pleased to welcome Dusty Baker to the Nationals family," general manager Mike Rizzo said in a statement. "In getting to know Dusty and identifying what we wanted in the next on-field leader of our team, we are excited to have them on board.
"Dusty's experience, as a winning player, coach, and manager, is vast and varied. We are excited to bring them to Washington and put their steady demeanor, knowledge and many years in the game to work in our favor."
Bud Black, the former San Diego Padres skipper and 2010 National League manager of the year, had agreed last Wednesday to accept the job with the Nats, the Washington Post reported. Negotiations, however, broke down when both sides couldn't agree on terms of the deal, multiple media outlets reported.
According to the Post, citing sources, Black was "deeply offended" by the team's original one-year offer for $1.6 million. According to USA Today, it then became a two-year deal worth less than $2 million, and Black turned it down because it was less money than they expected.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
By Ruffin Prevost
BEAR CREEK, MONT. — Tourism slowed to a trickle in many small towns around Yellowstone after a series of spectacular fires in 1988 burned across nearly one third of the park. So, with a local population of only 83 people in Bearcreek, Mont., bar and restaurant owner Bob “Pits” DeArmond knew they had to do something to attract attention, and visitors. So they called in the pigs.
“We just figured pig races might be the thing,” said DeArmond, owner of the Bear Creek Saloon and Steakhouse, home of Bear Creek Downs.
A natural-born promoter, DeArmond has tried a number of attractions and events around their place, including a sagebrush golf tournament, a Velcro wall and iguana races.
But for the last 20 years, Bear Creek Downs has been the site of the most exciting 10 seconds in swine-related bar sports. Five pigs burst (or sometimes wallow) from the starting gate to race (or sometimes waddle) around a 150-foot oval, where a finish-line snack awaits.
This being America, you can also wager on the pigs, which makes the races so much more compelling than if it were a matter of only porky pride and bragging rights.
But making it legal to bet on racing pigs wasn't easy. In fact, it required an act by the Montana Legislature, a process DeArmond recalls as equal parts exasperating and ridiculous.
“The state Board of Horse Racing had decided they were going to control all animal racing in the state. So we had to pass House Bill 443 to legalize pig races,” they said.
A vocal coalition of gambling opponents, state fair boards, horse racing promoters and animal rights advocates opposed the pigs and their special-interest bill, said former Rep. Alvin Ellis Jr., of Red Lodge, who sponsored the measure.
“Pits is a very humorous guy, and when they testified on the bill, they had a lot of fun and joked around. But they were really fighting for their life,” Ellis said.
Ellis drew on a loophole in state law that allows random betting on sports — like an office Super Bowl pool — and the bill passed. So you can bet on a pig, but you won't know which one until Pits rolls the dice just before the race to assign random numbers to random pigs.
Over the last two decades, wagering revenues have funded more than $80,000 in scholarships for more than 20 local kids.
Because lizards were not included in the law, DeArmond no longer hosts iguana races. They also have discontinued indoor piglet races that were held during winter.
“There was always some gal who didn't want me to race iguanas anyway. They thought it was cruel to the iguanas,” they said.
Even after watching them for 20 years, it's tough to handicap a pig race, DeArmond said.
“Anything can happen. You can have one leading the pack, then all of a sudden, he'll just stop in the middle of the race. There's really no way to know. Sometimes the small pigs will beat the big ones who get jammed up in the corner. It keeps it exciting,” they said.
The secret to picking a sure winner is to check with one of the young “sowboys” or “sowgirls” that wrangle the pigs.
“We know which ones are the fastest because we see them in every race,” said sowgirl Keri Nauman, 11, of Red Lodge, adding that an appropriate and discreet gratuity could yield a string of tips on top performers.
The Bear Creek Saloon is an authentic, historic western bar, first built in 1904 as a bar and meat market to serve residents who worked in the nearby coal mines.
Tragedy struck the town in 1943, when an explosion in the Smith mine killed 74 of the 77 men working inside, making it the state's worst mining disaster.
The char-broiled steaks are great, and there is often a fixed price menu offering burgers, corn, beans and more.
Kids are welcome, and will have a blast checking out the pigs in their “paddock” area before the races.
Outdoor picnic tables around the racetrack are a great place for a drink and a smoke. But dining or drinking within sniffing distance of the pigs and their pens is not for everyone, especially on particularly hot days.
Bear Creek Downs is in the best tradition of Montana's wild and offbeat bars, Ellis said.
“Montana was a silver, gold and copper mining state, and those people worked hard and played hard. Bars were a big thing in their life,” they said.
“It's not a lot different with cowboys today. About the only way you get them all together is when there's a funeral. Why, they have a big get-together at the saloon somewhere, and that's the only time some people see each other for months on end,” Ellis said.
Pig-picking tips for wagerers:
Enter the house betting pool, but you could still wait all night and never have your pig drawn for a race. So also set up side bets with friends, picking pigs by name, number or or other criteria.
The pigs race to get to a food reward, so a hungry pig will likely run faster. Pigs that seem eager for a snack are a good bet. Likewise, a pig that runs to the front of the chute to await being loaded into the gate knows the drill.  They are eager to race, and is a likely winner.
The same pig will wear many different numbers during a night, so learn your pigs by identifying marks, rather than racing silks.
Tip a “sowboy” or “sowgirl” who wrangles the pigs for inside info on top racers.
Contact Ruffin Prevost at 307-213-9818 or [email protected].
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "They have walked for days to get here" - Caroline Wyatt reports from Kurdistan
Tens of thousands of civilians remain trapped by militants on a mountain in northern Iraq and need "life-saving assistance", the United Nations warns.
Members of the Yazidi sect fled there 10 days ago after fighters from Islamic State (IS) seized the town of Sinjar.
US air strikes continued on Tuesday, with a drone targeting an IS mortar near Kurdish troops, the Pentagon said.
On Monday, Iraq's president asked Haider al-Abadi to form a new cabinet, snubbing the incumbent PM Nouri Maliki.
Mr Abadi's appointment came after months of political infighting, which analysts say is partially to blame for Iraq's inability to effectively fight the IS threat.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption This helicopter footage shows stranded members of the Yazidi community being rescued by an aid helicopter
Politicians had been unable to form a government since April's parliamentary elections, which were won by Prime Minister Maliki.
IS fighters have seized large swathes of northern Iraq and Syria in recent months, forcing tens of thousands of people from religious minorities to flee their homes.
Analysis: Jim Muir, BBC Middle East correspondent
Mr Abadi is certainly off to a flying start, given the near-universal relief that an alternative to the contentious Mr Maliki has finally emerged.
But they face a gargantuan task.
Pulling the fragments of Iraq back together, and especially bringing the suspicious Sunnis back on board, is going to take a lot more than pious words and good intentions.
Iraq PM left out as country moves on
'A genocide'
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon urged countries to do more to help Iraqi civilians.
"The plight of Yazidis and others on Mount Sinjar is especially harrowing," they said.
An estimated 20,000 to 30,000 people remain trapped on Mount Sinjar without food, water or shelter said the UN's Adrian Edwards in a statement.
There are now an estimated 1.2 million internally displaced Iraqis, they added.
Keiran Dwyer, who works for the UN's office for humanitarian affairs in Irbil, told the BBC that some Yazidis had managed to escape from the north side of the mountain in the last 72 hours and cross the River Tigris into Syria, where they were receiving help.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Tens of thousands of people have been displaced by IS militants' advance in northern Iraq
Image copyright AP Image caption Many displaced Yazidis have crossed into Syria or Kurdish regions of Iraq
But a Yazidi relief worker, who was on board an Iraqi Air Force helicopter evacuating the trapped refugees, described the situation as "a genocide" and said that they had seen what looked like "hundreds" of dead bodies on the ground.
"You can imagine what it's like when you land amongst 5,000 people and can only take 10 or 20, and everybody tries to get on the helicopter," Mirza Dinnay told the BBC.
In other developments in Iraq on Tuesday:
Iran has officially announced its support of the new Prime Minister designate Haider al-Abadi.
A Kurdish government helicopter delivering aid has crashed on Mount Sinjar, killing the pilot and injuring a journalist for the New York Times. The survivors were taken to Irbil, the paper confirmed. There are also reports that an Iraqi MP was injured.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has urged the leader of Iraq's Kurds, Massoud Barzani, to work with Mr Abadi.
The Vatican has urged Muslim leaders to condemn the actions of IS fighters in Iraq. They have persecuted many of Iraq's minorities, including Christians.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The president (2nd left) has asked Mr Abadi (right) to form a government
The US, Britain and France have been delivering humanitarian aid to the Yazidis.
Over the last five nights, US and UK air crews have air-dropped more than 310 bundles of food, water and medical supplies, and delivered almost 72,740 litres (16,000 gallons) of water and 75,000 meals, the US government says.
The US has also reportedly begun supplying weapons to the Kurdish forces, known as Peshmergas, who have been fighting IS in the north.
Earlier, US President Barack Obama described the nomination of Mr Abidi as "a promising step forward".
But they also said the new leadership had a "difficult task to regain the confidence of its citizens by governing inclusively and taking steps to demonstrate its resolve".
The US has been reluctant to mobilise support while the government was led by Mr Maliki, a Shia seen by many as fuelling ethnic and sectarian tensions that boosted support for the Sunni militants, the BBC's Barbara Plett reports from Washington.
Mr Maliki has condemned the move to replace him, saying it would lead the country into a political crisis.
Mr Maliki called the nomination a "violation of the constitution" and vowed to "fix the mistake", but on Tuesday ordered security forces not to intervene in the political crisis.
In a statement published on their official website, Mr Maliki said security forces should instead focus on defending the country.
Mr Ban also urged Iraqi security forces not to intervene in the political dispute between Mr Maliki and the new nominee.
"It is imperative that the security forces refrain from intervening in the political process," they said.
On Monday, IS militants seized the town of Jalawla, north-east of Baghdad, after weeks of clashes with Peshmergas.
The rebels already control a number of strategic northern places including Iraq's largest dam, located near the city of Mosul.
Do you have any information or intelligence about the latest developments in the country? If you are willing to share your experiences and photos of the situation on the ground, please email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk using the subject heading 'Iraq developments' including your contact details if you feel it is safe to do so.
Posted 20 August 2015 - 21:29
Gosh!! - I sounded all angry there. Not meant at all!! Came from another heated thread with my feathers all ruffled!
No worries at all, I've had many days like that..
Although I should have been mindful of it, thanks for pointing out the thing about production process and the long time it does take for a product to go from conception to maturity and general availability.
The truth is, though, they could have had a comparative advantage over Herbin if they've come to the market a bit sooner.
As it is now, I already have a cupboard full of sparkly pixy-dust inks, Rouge Hematite, Blue Ocean (new), Stormy Green, and now Emerald of Chivor. Some of the inks Diamine is offering are repeats of what I already have, so I likely won't be buying them.
I'm not a Herbin person at heart, I find most of their selection a bit undersaturated for my tastes, but the 1670 line I had to have, no question about that. They've got the fancy 1670 ink bottles, which are less functional than they are pretty. It was a bit of an issue, but not a dealbreaker for me because I usually fill directly to the converter or use a syringe.
If there was a competing Diamine product in the market, I would have chosen Diamine, hands down.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Eric Dier believes they can become Tottenham's answer to Philipp Lahm or Javier Mascherano by becoming an expert in many different roles.
Dier started life at Spurs as a centre-back, but also played at right-back in 2014-15, their first season at the club.
Last term, Dier became a key man for Tottenham in a holding midfield role, which also earned them a place in the England team. With the arrival of Victor Wanyama, however, and the injury to Toby Alderweireld, Dier returned to central defence in the matches against Bayer Leverkusen and Bournemouth.
At Liverpool in midweek, Dier was back in midfield – and they are likely to revert to the back four again on Saturday at home to Leicester.
They told Standard Sport: “I could do a list of loads of top players who play in many different positions. David Alaba and Philipp Lahm of Bayern Munich, or Javier Mascherano of Barcelona.
“People always seem to want to pin me down to one position but I see players all over Europe who play in more than one. It ensures they get appearances for their clubs and it's a fantastic weapon for a manager.
“It's a bit stupid to be talking about it [playing in a specific position]. If I could get to the level of players like Alaba, Lahm or Mascherano, I would be a very happy man.”
Though Tottenham has made a strong start to the campaign and are just one point behind leaders Manchester City, Dier admits the early weeks of the season have not unfolded as they would have hoped.
Dier started Spurs' first six league matches before suffering a hamstring problem in the 1-0 win over Sunderland on September 18.
For the next game, at Middlesbrough, manager Mauricio Pochettino switched from 4-2-3-1 to 4-1-4-1. That meant there was room for only one holding midfielder and so far, Wanyama has been Pochettino's man in that role.
Liverpool vs Tottenham: EFL Cup In Pictures 18 show all Liverpool vs Tottenham: EFL Cup In Pictures 1/18 AFP/Getty Images 2/18 Getty Images 3/18 AFP/Getty Images 4/18 AFP/Getty Images 5/18 Liverpool FC via Getty Images 6/18 Getty Images 7/18 AFP/Getty Images 8/18 AFP/Getty Images 9/18 AFP/Getty Images 10/18 AFP/Getty Images 11/18 Getty Images 12/18 AFP/Getty Images 13/18 AFP/Getty Images 14/18 Getty Images 15/18 Getty Images 16/18 Liverpool FC via Getty Images 17/18 Getty Images 18/18 Getty Images 1/18 AFP/Getty Images 2/18 Getty Images 3/18 AFP/Getty Images 4/18 AFP/Getty Images 5/18 Liverpool FC via Getty Images 6/18 Getty Images 7/18 AFP/Getty Images 8/18 AFP/Getty Images 9/18 AFP/Getty Images 10/18 AFP/Getty Images 11/18 Getty Images 12/18 AFP/Getty Images 13/18 AFP/Getty Images 14/18 Getty Images 15/18 Getty Images 16/18 Liverpool FC via Getty Images 17/18 Getty Images 18/18 Getty Images
Asked about Dier's situation, Pochettino said the 22-year-old needed to “feel the competition” that has been generated by Wanyama's arrival, adding: “He needs to build their confidence and improve their belief."
Dier said: “I'm quite disappointed with how it's gone so far this season. For the first couple of games of the season I wasn't at my usual standard, even though I don't think I was way below it.
“Then I got the little injury which kept me out for a couple of weeks and I'm just trying to rebuild now. Confidence-wise, I feel OK but it's just been a bit stop-start.
“Coming back late for pre-season after Euro 2016, it's been a difficult start to the season but in every game, I'm starting to feel a lot better.”
Spurs have scored only once from open play since beating Manchester City 2-0 on October 2. Dier is the only player who started the 2-1 EFL Cup defeat at Liverpool who is likely to retain their spot on Saturday, so Tottenham should at least be relatively fresh against Claudio Ranieri's team.
Coming Soon
Gentefied
Three Latinx cousins navigate their differences as they work to keep their grandfather's taco shop afloat in their rapidly gentrifying L.A. neighborhood.
Elisa & Marcela
In 1901 in Galicia, Spain, Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry another woman, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events.
ReMastered: Devil at the Crossroads
Robert Johnson was one of the most influential blues guitarists ever. Even before their early death, fans wondered if he'd made a pact with the Devil.
The Witcher
The witcher Geralt, a mutated monster hunter, struggles to find their place in a world where people often prove more wicked than beasts.
YooHoo to the Rescue
In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and their can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.
Terrace House: Tokyo 2019-2020
As the eyes of the world turn to Tokyo for 2020, six new strangers will gather in this exciting city to live under the same roof.
The Order
Out to avenge their mother's death, a college student pledges a secret order and lands in a war between werewolves and practitioners of dark magic.
Carlo & Malik
An old-school homicide detective in Rome is paired up with a star rookie born in the Ivory Coast in this crime series starring Claudio Amendola.
GLENDALE, Ariz. -- A group headed by former San Jose Sharks president and CEO Greg Jamison is one of two bidders for the Phoenix Coyotes.
Glendale spokesperson Julie Frisoni confirmed Friday that Jamison was one of the bidders and that no bonds would be sold as part of any proposed deals. They would not elaborate on the negotiations or who the other bidder was.
No formal offer has been made to buy the team, sources told ESPN.com's Scott Burnside.
The Coyotes have been owned by the NHL since the team filed for bankruptcy in fall 2009. The city of Glendale paid $25 million for the second straight year so the team could continue playing at Jobing.com Arena for the 2011-12 season.
Anthony LeBlanc, the head of Ice Edge Holdings, believes Jamison's interest is good news for the team. Ice Edge Holdings was involved in negotiations to buy the Coyotes for the better part of two years.
"What I'm hearing through reliable sources is that he's the real deal," LeBlanc told ESPN.com.
Jamison stepped away from their role as president and CEO of the Sharks almost a year ago, but they are still listed on the team's website as part of the ownership group. They would have to sever ties with the Sharks if they were to become owner of the Coyotes.
In June, Chicago business person Michael Hulsizer withdrew from talks to buy the team.
Scott Burnside is an NHL writer for ESPN.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Dec.27 (GMM) Ferrari will develop the aerodynamics of its 2013 car exclusively in Cologne.
After encountering problems with its Maranello facility this year, Ferrari's wind tunnel will be closed next year until August.
Ferrari wind tunnel Photo by: xpb.cc
International reports, including in El Mundo Deportivo newspaper (Spain) and Kolner Express (Germany), said Ferrari has now turned its attention to Cologne, where the former F1 team Toyota rents out its state-of-the-art facility to clients.
Asked why Ferrari chose Cologne exclusively, team boss Stefano Domenicali said: "Because working in two wind tunnels would be too risky."
Team president Luca di Montezemolo added: "We will develop the 2013 car exclusively in the Toyota wind tunnel to avoid confusion and mistakes."
The Italian added that McLaren is also a regular customer of the Toyota tunnel.
Toyota Motorsport GmbH's Rob Leupen commented: "Our clients are very happy with our wind tunnel services."
Starbucks recently unveiled their iconic christmas-time-only red cups for 2015, and even though they were pretty much completely plain – they still managed to offend.
At first glance, it just seems sleek and totally in line with the ombre craze of this year, right?
The company's designers explained that they went for a minimalist look “with a bright poppy colour on top that shades into a darker cranberry below”, which they claim gives the cup a “weightless” feel. We're not so sure about that, but each to their own.
But it definitely differs from previous cups, which is probably what they were going for.
And it's the plain-ness of the cups that's the problem, apparently.
The new cups fail to mention anything related to Christmas.
Conservative MP David Burrowes told Breitbart London that “The Starbucks coffee cup change smells more of political correctness than a consumer-led change.”
Simon Calvert of the Christian Institute told them:
“What is it about Christmas that Starbucks are afraid of celebrating? Haven't they heard it's the most wonderful time of the year, and the season of good will to ALL men? They should get involved and stop being scrooges.”
And people are actually really furious about it.
My Christmas mentality: If a store won't promote Christmas re Starbucks, I'm not spending my hard earned money there https://t.co/dfNTiwSojI — Chuck Nellis (@ChuckNellis) November 5, 2015
Since you're running away from Christianity, I'm running from you! Just exercising my financial choice https://t.co/DsieOuz8eA #ccot #tcot — Leah (@Hael381) November 5, 2015
@RevDaniel Why would we give our money to a retailer stupid enough to deny the true origin of Christmas? Skip the red cup altogether then. — Paula B. (@PaulaB14) November 7, 2015
Others, not so much. Well, they are quite angry – but not for the same reason.
I assume people mad about starbucks cups need to literally hold a cup that advocates Christianity because their actions clearly don't — Lauren DeStefano (@LaurenDeStefano) November 8, 2015
"every christmas, the family gathers round the festive starbucks cup and sings hymns to celebrate the birth of our lord" — del? (@miimows) November 8, 2015
TIL that Starbucks is rounding Christians up into coffee death camps and making them drink Pagan Spice Lattes. https://t.co/yzVooiNEUQ — Mark Jaquith (@markjaquith) November 7, 2015
What do you think about the cups? Let us know in the comments
V1.1.0 Integrated GameJolt API to allow for logging into a GameJolt account ingame and recording your times on the global leader board. A GameJolt account is not required to play, only to record your score to the leaser board.
When you boil the game down to it's the most basic components the gameplay is a physics based time trial arcade game.
You play as an innocent gorilla in an uncaring world. Small children jump into your enclosure, and the zookeepers are trying to shoot you because of them. If you are to survive, then you must throw those kids out as fast as you can. Oh and there is a group of hunters that sneak into the zoo after it closes to toss dynamite into your enclosure because... video game logic. Try to make it through all nine days with gold bananas rating to get the happy ending.
Mechanics Development
The basic idea for the game was throwing kids out of a pit, while avoiding lasers that represent zookeepers aiming to shoot you. The zookeepers rotate at a fixed rate, which due to the nature of angles means that the closer you are to the zookeeper the slower their laser moves, while conversely the further you are away the faster the laser moves. The size of the enclosure and the aim rate of the zookeepers means that the play will always be slightly faster that the laser.
Initially the kids where just going to be ragdolls you through around, but rag doll physics is too unpredictable. Also ragdolls do not run away, so instead they were granted movement such that you had to chase them around.
Obviously completing a level that is very short could use with something to rate the players proficiency. Mobile games like to use three stars, but I went with the old three tiered trophies based on metals (Gold, Silver, and Bronze) in banana form. The levels are pretty easy to complete if you take your time, but there is now a motivation to take more risks to get the trophies.
Chasing around kids didn't seem like enough, so next I came up with the dynamite idea. Dynamite doesn't run away, but it has a timer, which determines how long the play has before that dynamite needs to be thrown out. The strategy when given a group of dynamite is to throw out the ones with the shortest time first.
The explosive mines are a very simple idea as just an obstacle to be avoided.
Throwing things by itself is that interesting, so I came up with the floating targets around the enclosure. The game doesn't have a score value, so each ring represents a change to your time. I decided to use the colors green and red as to represent good and bad targets respectively. Good targets decrease your time while bad targets add to it.
This week, NASA beamed a high-def video from the International Space Station to Earth, a distance of 260 miles, using a new laser communications instrument. The "Hello, World!" video was the first video message transmitted from space to earth using Optical Payload for Lasercomm Science (OPALS), "a technology demonstration that allows NASA to test methods for communication with future spacecraft using higher bandwidth than radio waves."
More about the video transmission, and the system it uses:
"The International Space Station is a test bed for a host of technologies that are helping us increase our knowledge of how we operate in space and enable us to explore even farther into the solar system," said Sam Scimemi, International Space Station division director at NASA Headquarters in Washington. "Using the space station to investigate ways we can improve communication rates with spacecraft beyond low-Earth orbit is another example of how the orbital complex serves as a stepping stone to human deep space exploration."
Optical communication tools like OPALS use focused laser energy to reach data rates between 10 and 1,000 times higher than current space communications, which rely on radio portions of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Because the space station orbits Earth at 17,500 mph, transmitting data from the space station to Earth requires extremely precise targeting. The process can be equated to a person aiming a laser pointer at the end of a human hair 30 feet away and keeping it there while walking.
To achieve this extreme precision during Thursday's demonstration, OPALS locked onto a laser beacon emitted by the Optical Communications Telescope Laboratory ground station at the Table Mountain Observatory in Wrightwood, California, and began to modulate the beam from its 2.5-watt, 1,550-nanometer laser to transmit the video. The entire transmission lasted 148 seconds and reached a maximum data transmission rate of 50 megabits per second. It took OPALS 3.5 seconds to transmit each copy of the "Hello World!" video message, which would have taken more than 10 minutes using traditional downlink methods.
"It's incredible to see this magnificent beam of light arriving from our tiny payload on the space station," said Matt Abrahamson, OPALS mission manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. "We look forward to experimenting with OPALS over the coming months in hopes that our findings will lead to optical communications capabilities for future deep space exploration missions."
The OPALS Project Office is based at JPL, where the instrument was built. OPALS arrived at the space station April 20 aboard SpaceX's Dragon cargo spacecraft and is slated to run for a prime mission of 90 days.
Director Guillermo del Toro (Crimson Peak) has issued a response to reports of Pacific Rim 2 being "indefinitely halted."
"We are still turning in a screenplay and a budget in three weeks," Guillermo Del Toro told Entertainment Weekly. "As far as I'm concerned, it's not gone. We're still on it. It moved further."
The delay is significant enough that they are considering other options in the interim "I may do another movie in the middle," they said.
Could it be Justice League Dark? Rumor has it, WB loved Guillermo's script for it but they chose to direct Pacific Rim 2 instead of Justice League Dark. Now that they are available you would have to assume they could make room for DC Comics' supernatural heroes -- Constantine, Swamp Thing, Zatanna, and Deadman.
The schoolgirl shot in the head by the Taliban in Pakistan will "rise again", their father has said.
Fifteen-year-old Malala Yusufzai was reunited with their father Ziauddin, mother Toorpekai and two brothers at Birmingham's Queen Elizabeth Hospital, where they are being treated.
The family flew in from Islamabad on Thursday night.
Malala was shot because they had campaigned for girls' education in Pakistan.
At a news conference, Mr Yusufzai described the shooting as a pivotal moment for the country. "When they fell, Pakistan stood. This is a turning point," they said.
"I'm thankful to all the people all over the world. They condemned the attack and prayed for my daughter.
"She will rise again, they will stand again."
Mr Yusufzai said Malala was walking, talking, eating and smiling - and that all signs of infection were gone. They added that they would be having hearing and sight tests later.
They said: "I am thankful that you are very much concerned about my daughter's health. You have supported the cause for which they stand, the cause of peace and education."
They said Malala had just done a second mid-term exam and was on their way home in a school van in the Swat Valley on October 9 when two men stopped the vehicle at pistol point and asked which child was Malala, before one opened fire.
Mr Yusufzai, who was speaking with their 12-year-old son Kushal Khan sitting beside him, said Malala had received good wishes from all over the world.
"She is a daughter of everybody, a sister of everybody," they said.
When asked how they felt when they and their family saw Malala on Thursday night, they said: "I love them and last night when we met them there were tears in our eyes out of happiness."
Mr Yusufzai told reporters that they were thankful to doctors for the "excellent" and "world class" care Malala - who is now expected to make a full recovery - had received in Birmingham.
They were visibly moved as they described how they were told to prepare for Malala's funeral.
"I'm thankful to God," they said.
"I found angels on my side all around me ... they got the right treatment, at the right place, at the right time.
"In Pakistan for the first time we saw that all political parties, the government, children, women, elders, they were crying and praying to God. Christians, Sikhs, Hindus, indifferent of caste, colour or creed, they prayed for my daughter."
It comes after police in Pakistan named the prime suspect in connection with the shooting as 23-year-old Atta Ullah Khan, a chemistry student from the Swat district.
The hospital's Medical Director Dave Rosser said both Malala's long and short-term memory appeared to be intact - and that specialists do not believe there is any significant brain damage.
Describing the mood on Malala's ward, they said: "I think everyone is very pleased. Them father is a remarkable man, they are a remarkable young lady and I think everybody involved is pleased to help."
They said their skull would need to be reconstructed over the coming weeks but that their long-term prognosis was "excellent".
"There's no reason to think they won't make near to a full recovery," they said.
Dr Rosser said they would remain in hospital following the surgery for "a couple of months at most".
They added that Malala had been eating hospital food -and had also enjoyed a halal takeaway.
Growing trend: Craft beer isn't going away any time soon. Photo: Arsineh Houspian.
COMMENT
There's a war against craft brewing in Australia and it's coming from every direction.
Yet another anti-craft beer column did the rounds last week, with the author suggesting craft beer is "un-Australian". "Beer snobs," the writer said, "are phenomenally irritating, often even worse than the narky farmers' market set."
You can't please everyone now, can you?
But if you're calling for the axing of craft beer, you need to understand craft brewing has a long history in this nation and if global trends are any guide, it's not going away anytime soon. In fact, it's only going to keep getting bigger and better.
Thomas Cooper's beer, for example, has come a long way since the first batch was brewed in 1862 at their house in Adelaide. The business is now the largest Australian-owned brewery - that's a fair effort for a company that started out as a backyard operation, like many craft brewers today.
Welcome all players
When I hear people say they'd rather have a Reschs, or a VB or a XXXX Gold instead of a pint of a finely crafted local beer from a small brewery, I say "that's fantastic – enjoy that beer".
But there's no need for craft beer to be slammed as something purely for "beer snobs" or "craft beer geeks", as the two can live side-by-side and that's the way it's going to be for many years to come.
And what's not to love about craft beer? In Australia there are now hundreds of craft beers in the market, from fruity hefeweizens to deliciously sour saisons, crisp lagers and red ales that rival the best from Europe and the US. Like wine, there are flavours to satisfy all palates and we're lucky to have such a wide choice of great beers.
Even the big beer corporations are embracing the revolution. Many pubs that have deals with the main suppliers are now being allowed to have up to a third of their taps for craft beers, a far cry from what was 10 per cent or less a few years ago – remembering that without the big breweries' financial support, many pubs wouldn't be in operation today.
I enjoy Carlton, VB, James Boags and lots of other big brand beers, but the beauty of craft beers are they offer new experiences, new flavours and tastes that most of the big brewers have never really offered in Australia.
And unless you are at a craft beer pub such as The Local in Melbourne's St Kilda or Sydney's Surry Hills, you're more than likely to have one or two craft beers before settling back in to mainstream lagers and draughts. Financially, yes, mainstream beers do make more sense if you're having more than three or four drinks. Craft beers are more expensive to produce and are therefore more expensive.
Flavours galore
Then there's the flavour debate. I have been drinking craft beers for more than 15 years – thanks to extensive travel in the US, where craft brewing has become one of the fastest-growing beverage trends (in San Diego there are now 100 craft breweries and brewpubs) and combined sales for the entire industry just overtook Budweiser – so I know all too well how many brewers like creating these overly green, hoppy and intense double, triple and even quadruple IPAs.
But things have been changing in recent times and that's thanks to brewers such as Richard Adamson from Sydney's Young Henrys, who has been making great, flavoursome easy drinking beers such as the natural lager and real ale, which rate low on the bitterness scale.
There are other easy-drinking styles that are being produced en masse by craft brewers locally, like witbiers, hefeweizens and saisons that are known for fruit-driven flavours and fluffy white heads.
At the same time, Young Henrys also produce a hop ale, and as the name suggests it is one intense and strong beer. Beers like that aren't everyone's cup of tea, but for some people, that's exactly what they are looking for in a craft brew.
That's when it comes down to education and perhaps that's what's needed in the craft beer industry. If you were eyeing off the hop ale on tap in a pub or bottle shop, a barkeep letting you know what you're in for before sipping a beer full of green goodness would help dramatically.
Eco and economic cred
Now also think about this – craft beer is good for sustainability and for the Australian economy.
Beer being produced locally cuts down on transport costs and emissions, especially when made with local produce.
More craft breweries are also located in regional areas, such as Stone and Wood in Byron Bay, Burleigh Brewing on the Gold Coast and Bridge Road in Beechworth, Victoria. These breweries are supporting their local communities by hiring locals in regional areas, creating jobs and boosting the tourism industry.
And don't the profits from some of the other larger producers go overseas, as opposed to craft breweries, where it remains local? Why is it then so "un-Australian" to buy a craft beer at a pub? With every schooner, pot, bottle or growler, you're supporting Australian jobs, producers and that sounds very Aussie to me.
Craft beer will continue to grow. Just as we have seen with farm-to-table produce and local wine in restaurants, Australian-made gins and whiskeys in bars, and locally roasted coffee in cafes, craft beer is having its day and it's great to see.
If you want to drink a VB, go for it. But don't slam the other bloke at the bar whose nose is buried a glass of Bridge Road's hefeweizen. Craft beer is here for good and it's going to be poured alongside VB for years to come. Don't like it? Find another pub.
James Wilkinson has been writing about the liquor industry for 20 years and is a contributing editor for Beer and Brewer magazine, the brewing industry's bible.
EV Muscle Cars: Proof Of Innovation Or Insult To Auto History?
Close
For years, hot rodders and tuners have stayed with the traditional LS engine swaps to gain more horsepower and get a lot more torque than the average car. Mechanics and engineers have been looking for other ways to get the most horsepower out of their engines, and have now looked into electric vehicle technology.
The muscle car, is basically a high-performance car that usually comes with a 2-door body, rear-wheel drive, and are intended for street driving and occasional drag racing. The engine is usually a bulky V8 and early production can be traced back to the 1949 Oldsmobile Rocket 88. With a lot of history, some muscle car tuners may think that making a muscle car out of an electric one is an insult to the legacy.
Electric cars, on the other hand, have been active in the industry for more than a decade now. Electric car companies such as Tesla have been leading the innovation of EVs and have been successful in reaching new heights in terms of performance and speed.
Muscle car purists find an electric muscle car is just not right. As one factor that the purists enjoy is the build, how they spend each day tuning and perfecting their cars. Using their own instinct and mechanical skills to build one. Building an electric muscle car may just not give them the sensation they need.
However, an electric muscle car may be inevitable the purists may want to start learning how to adjust and adapt. The White Zombie project may be the first that started the trend. The owners converted a 1972 Datsun 1200 into an electric car. They used two 9-inch motors fed by lithium-ion batteries and were successful in creating a 1.8 seconds zero to 60 mile cars. A record that is "supercar" fast.
Other EVs have set speed records as well such as the Zombie 222 which is .1 second faster than the White Zombie on the zero to 60 mark.
Other manufacturers like Tesla have also set speed records with their Roadster Sport and P90D models. Although the Tesla cars do not really fit the criteria of a muscle car, they have proven that an electric car does not necessarily need to be slow.
A challenge that EV cars may face, though, is the need of a power source. As muscle cars use petrol, electric cars use electricity. They still use the same principal that needs a lot of juice to power up. Production of EV muscle cars may still be a long way since the furthest record of an EV is just above 200 miles on a light foot, pushing the pedal to the metal may mean more power but lesser run times. Not unless they fit a big enough battery for the car to be able to run a full lap on the Nurgburgring.
With the emergence of EVs, muscle cars may die out. However, as long as governments still allow the use of fossil fuel on everyday vehicles, this may still be far from happening. Technologies may always change as the needs arise, but then again, who does not love a classic?
Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter
© 2019 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
TORONTO — BCE Inc., Rogers Communications Inc., and Shaw Communications Inc. which together control two-thirds of the $8.3-billion broadcast distribution market, are lobbying against the so-called “a la carte” model that would allow customers to pick and pay for individual networks, arguing the change would have disastrous consequences for programmers, such as Bell Media and Shaw Media.
“A regulation requiring that all programming services must be made available to consumers on a stand-alone basis would have far-reaching ramifications,” BCE, whose Bell owns 30 specialty networks, said in a submission to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission. “Undoubtedly, a market shake-out, causing many specialty services to exit, would ensue.”
[np-related]
The three big players, led by BCE, have told the CRTC they support the status quo of “tied selling,” or the practice of grouping weaker-performing networks in with a popular channels, versus a new approach to sell channels individually.
“Bundling of services remains one of the most important tools to remain competitive,” Jean Brazeau, Shaw's senior vice-president of regulatory affairs said. For a cable operator, it is also an important tool in making money.
In the race for subscription dollars, rates for TV services across providers have risen sharply over the last decade as the number of specialty channels, each commanding its own fee, has soared. Net costs to subscribers climbed another 2.6% in 2011, while average bills now hover around $60 a month.
A tapped out consumer, coupled with the emergence of unregulated online broadcast alternatives, has regulators worried the decades-old model — and more importantly the subsidies it feeds Canadian content production with — is in danger.
“The commission is concerned that the lack of of choice and flexibility could motivate consumers to leave the regulated broadcasting system,” the CRTC said in a directive to Rogers, BCE, Shaw and Quebecor Media Inc., asking them to draft solutions.
In 2011, cable, satellite and telco television providers steered $489-million, or 6.5% of subscriber revenues into the creation of Canadian programming, according to CRTC figures released Wednesday. Without change, the thinking goes, an exodus may unfold which would undermine the hodgepodge of subsidy vehicles that support CanCon on the small screen.
With a smaller collection of television assets led by a strong-performing Sportsnet property, Rogers appears more amenable than the other two telecom and media behemoths to unbundling tiers into individual channels.
“The rising cost of service has put pressure on consumers,” Pamela Dinsmore, vice-president of regulatory affairs said. “We recognize that more can be done.”
The Toronto-based company, the country's No. 2 provider with 2.3 million customers moved last fall to sell a pared back pick-and-pay package in a temporary trial in London, Ont. Analysts say the move is as much about retaining subscribers as its is about offering choice.
The “London Trial” is similar to the packages that pervade the Quebec market, where Quebecor's Montreal cable operator Videotron has maintained market share against an insurgent Bell through pick-and-pay options, even if it has been at the expense of a lower average revenue profile among its subscribers compared to Rogers. Bell is planning to expand a new television service further into Rogers' footprint in the quarters to come.
But more importantly, Rogers — like the other providers — doesn't need a CRTC directive to recognize the traditional TV market is saturated, new alternatives to acquire content online are emerging and innovation is required to maintain its business. While the London Trial, as the company has come to call it, saw some participants reduce service, it was offset by new customer additions from people who hadn't taken service before but were enticed by a barebone a la carte product (which can be upsold later).
“A number of people we brought in were net new, they hadn't subscribed to cable or satellite historically. That's an indication this was positive for Rogers, and I would say the Canadian broadcasting system,” David Purdy, chief of video products, said.
Much of the details from the trial were redacted in Rogers' public submission, and there is skepticism that more growth can be squeezed from market where more than nine in ten homes are already paying customers.
Nonetheless, with the old TV model likely at its peak, analysts are near unanimous that change must be met with innovation. “We believe those distributors that offer the greatest value and choice will be best positioned to defend their subscribers and [revenue],” Credit Suisse analyst Colin Moore said in a note last month.
There is nothing in the Bank of Canada's market-moving statements last week to indicate an interest rate hike is imminent, but investors aren't taking chances.
The central bank's next decision on July 12 is now a toss up, with traders assigning a 50 per cent chance of an increase. Before Governor Stephen Poloz and their top deputy Carolyn Wilkins talked openly about the prospect of raising rates, odds were close to zero for a July hike and investors hadn't priced in a full 25 basis point increase until the end of 2018.
Why the sudden urgency?
Part of the explanation may be that after being caught short by Poloz in the past, investors have become “twice shy” with the bank. The last time Poloz changed direction on rates — in January 2015 — they went from a change in tone (a deputy's speech) to an interest rate cut in a matter of eight days. The cut was unanticipated and investors complained about message confusion.
Compared to that move, Poloz can reasonably argue he's left investors plenty of time to ponder a rate increase.
“We got a rate cut surprise in January 2015 with very little softening up of the ground,” said Michael Gregory, an economist at Bank of Montreal. “Therefore the Bank of Canada is saying, ‘We may or may not go in July, probably won't, but if we do be warned.”'
Accommodating Banker
In fact, by choosing to soften the ground last week during a deputy's speech, Poloz is only fuelling speculation he's itching to move. If they wanted to raise rates later this year, then they could have set the stage at next month's decision, which coincides with new quarterly forecasts and a press conference.
This is a central banker, after all, who has a reputation for being accommodative, and who only a few months ago was talking about rate cuts. By the time their seven-year term is done, Poloz will probably have kept borrowing costs on average at lower levels than any of their eight predecessors — a legacy shared by many of their contemporaries in other countries.
“You can argue Steve has been more accommodating, so must feel really confident in the economy's prospects if he's itching to go,” said Andrew Spence, head of liquid alternatives at Scotia Institutional Asset Management and a former adviser at the Bank of Canada.
In other words, the fact Poloz has moved so quickly into what is for them uncharted territory may be a signal he's determined to move. Talk of higher rates may suggest an underlying change has taken place.
Tightening Bias I
Of course, just because there's a particular bias, it doesn't mean rates will move in that direction. A lot depends on what inflation does. Take 2013 as an example.
When they took over at the Bank of Canada in June of that year, Poloz inherited a tightening bias from their predecessor, Mark Carney. But it didn't last long as inflation continued to remain sluggish.
At their first rate decision six weeks later, Poloz kept the bias but toned it down. In October, amid a deteriorating global growth outlook, Poloz dropped the bias altogether.
That year, quarterly GDP growth was robust, averaging 3.6 per cent, but inflation was hovering around 1 per cent. Inflation concerns won the day. (Not surprising given the Bank of Canada's mandate.)
Today, it's a similar story. In the last three quarters, growth has averaged 3.5 per cent, while inflation is running at just 1.5 per cent.
Inflation Matters?
That's why last week's changes were such a surprise, given how much inflation does matter. Could the new language mean the central bank's modeling — at the current pace of growth — is beginning to forecast inflation well beyond the Bank of Canada's 2 per cent target.
As recently as May, the bank said low inflation was a sign of the economy's excess slack. In their June 12 speech, Wilkins said it measured the “lagged effects” of excess capacity.
That's a big change in three weeks, and makes consumer price inflation data due Friday — the last set before the July 12 decision — particularly important.
Bloomberg.com
Get cast in the new Ant-Man movie
If you live in the Atlanta area you have a shot at a small role and get cast for Marvel's “Ant Man 2”
Marvel is planning for a huge year with quite a few films either about to be released or in production. One more film on their agenda this year and that is the “Ant-Man” sequel, “Ant-Man and the Wasp.” The “Ant-Man” sequel is in production in the Atlanta area and there is a casting call out for the project which seems to be filming under the working title “Cherry Blue.”
Marvel has a full plate this year and next. The studio has been working on Black Panther and Avengers Infinity War which are filming all year and Marvel's Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol.2, Spider-Man: Homecoming and Thor: Ragnarok are also coming up with the Guardians movie coming out in just a few days. Avengers Infinity War also films large parts at Pinewood in the Atlanta area and is reported to be the highest budgeted film of all time.
Paul Rudd will be coming back in the sequel as the main character Ant-Man. The movie begins production this summer and will also star Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne AKA The Wasp, Michael Douglas, Michael Peña and David Dastmalchian
Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lily will reprise their previous roles as Scott Lang (Ant-Man) and Hope van Dyne (The Wasp). Peyton Reed is back to direct the Ant-Man 2 film with Gabriel Ferrari, and Andrew Barrer on-board as writers.
In “Ant-Man and the Wasp” Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne are back in action to fight a good fight. The actual details of the plot are being kept hush hush at the moment.
According to The Independent, the code name for the Marvel film, “Cherry Blue”, may have little relevance to the story.
“Ant-Man and the Wasp” will be hitting movie theaters sometime in 2018.
Atlanta's Central Casting has announced that they will be handling the extras casting on the project and released the following casting notice for “Ant-Man 2.”
Those interested in getting cast as a movie extra may stop by Central's office to register with them. See the info below for all the details.
Immediate casting for:
Cherry Blue – NEW FACES ONLY!
Fitting Date: Tuesday 8/29 – Peachtree City, GA
Work Date: Wednesday 8/30 & Thursday 8/31 – Fayetteville, GA
MUST BE AVAILABLE ALL THREE DAYS
Rate: $68/8
Looking for Men to portray FBI Agents. Ages 20s-50s who are fit. Men need to be clean cut with short hair and clean shaven. Any experience in Military, Police Work, Handling Weapons is preferred.
Put “FBI” in the subject line.
To submit send an email to cherryblue@centralcasting.com and include your name, contact phone number, height, weight, city location and if you have any experience.
Cherry Blue – NEW FACES ONLY.
Filming Date: Tuesday 8/29 – Fayetteville, GA
Rate: $68/8
Looking for Men and Women to portray Office workers. Ages 30's-50's with nice office attire. Think slacks, nice dress shirts and blouses, office appropriate length skirts, etc.
To submit send an email to cherryblue@centralcasting.com and include your name, contact phone number, height, weight, city location. Put “OFFICE” in the subject line.
Cherry Blue – NEW FACES ONLY.
Fitting Date: Tuesday 8/29 – Peachtree City, GA
Work Date: Wednesday 8/30 & Thursday 8/31 – Fayetteville, GA
MUST BE AVAILABLE ALL THREE DAYS
Rate: $68/8
Looking for Men to portray FBI Agents. Ages 20s-50s who are fit. Men need to be clean cut with short hair and clean shaven. Any experience in Military, Police Work, Handling Weapons is preferred.
Put “FBI” in the subject line.
To submit send an email to cherryblue@centralcasting.com and include your name, contact phone number, height, weight, city location and if you have any experience. Most importantly what date you would like to go for your fitting!
NEW HUGE PROJECT – CHERRY BLUE
We are beginning PREP shortly on Marvel's next big film, “Cherry Blue”!
A large portion of the background roles will be hand selected by the Directors, plus there will be many stand-in and photo double roles as well. You MUST be registered in our database to be seen and selected. You are ALREADY registered if you have attended an open call or a registration session in our office.However, if it was in the year 2016 we highly encourage you to update your photo so we have your most current look to submit to production!
British actor and musician Riz Ahmed suffered racist abuse from fellow England fans while supporting the team in Brazil that left them feeling unable to continue their patriotic chants.
The Relunctant Fundamentalist star was singing in support of Roy Hodgson's team during their game against Uruguay at the Corinthians Arena in São Paulo on Thursday night when they were verbally attacked.
Mr Ahmed, who is of Pakistani heritage, tweeted: “I was at São Paulo stadium, edge of seat, singing Eng-er-land. Half time I get racist abuse from England fan. 2nd half, I just can't sing it.”
<noframe>Twitter: Riz Ahmed - I was at S&atilde;o Paulo stadium, edge of seat, singing Eng-er-land. Half time I get racist abuse from England fan. 2nd half, I just can't sing it</noframe>
Just days before the performer, who has appeared in a string of films including Four Lions and Ill Manors, as well as a rapping as Riz MC, had expressed their joy at the apparent lack of racist attitudes in Brazil.
They wrote: “Best thing about Brazil? Yours truly brown dude with beard can shout ingil-TERRA without causing security alerts.”
<noframe>Twitter: Riz Ahmed - Best thing about Brazil? Yours truly brown dude with beard can shout ingil-TERRA without causing security alerts.</noframe>
The 31-year-old, who grew up in Wembley, north London, before attending Oxford University and Central School of Speech and Drama, has tackled the issue of racial discrimination and prejudice in a number of songs and films.
Their 2006 satirical rap ‘Post 9/11 Blues' about the difficulties faced by a young Muslim man after the Twin Tower attacks, was initially banned from the UK airwaves for being too “politically sensitive”.
The 2010 film Four Lions, directed by Chris Morris, in which Mr Ahmed played the lead character Omar, was a dark comedy about a group of aspiring jihadis from Sheffield.
Mr Ahmed is just the latest in a string of high profile racist attacks at football matches which have even seen fans hurling abuse at their own players.
Mario Balotelli was racially abused by Italian supporters while training with their national side for the World Cup last month while just weeks before AC Milan players were pelted with bananas by the crowd.
In April, Sepp Blatter, FIFA president, spoke out against shutting stadiums as punishment for racist fans but urged football associations to support point deductions instead.
PLOS ONE, the largest scholarly journal in the world, continues to shrink.
The open-access mega-journal's output, measured by how many articles it publishes a year, last year fell to 22,054 -- its lowest since 2012 and down about 30 percent since its peak in 2013. Last year brought the most precipitous drop yet. PLOS ONE published 6,052 fewer articles in 2016 than it did the year before -- a drop of about 22 percent.
The decline was first reported by Phil Davis, a consultant who specializes in scholarly publishing, in a blog post this morning.
Joerg Heber, who became PLOS ONE's new editor-in-chief in September, addressed the decline in a blog post last month. Reflecting on the journal's first 10 years, they noted that many other publishers are now using similar models for their own publications.
As a result, “the submissions to PLOS ONE have decreased, posing the question of our continuing unique value in this market,” Heber, former executive editor of the open-access journal Nature Communications, wrote. “There will be challenges, but irrespective of our size, PLOS ONE will always play an important role towards PLOS's broader goal as a nonprofit organization to support and advocate open science.”
Compared to most journals, PLOS ONE is still massive. As recently as 2010, the journal published fewer than 10,000 articles. But because of the journal's outsize impact on the financial health of its nonprofit publisher, PLOS (short for Public Library of Science), a continued drop could one day become a problem.
Source: The Scholarly Kitchen
PLOS also publishes six other peer-reviewed, open-access medicine and science journals, but only about 11 percent of the total scholarly articles it publishes appeared in those journals -- up from about 8 percent in 2013.
Since PLOS funds itself mainly by charging authors a publication fee ($1,495 for PLOS ONE, $2,250 or $2,900 for the other six journals) rather than charging readers a subscription fee, its revenue is directly tied to how many articles it publishes.
PLOS's net revenue has fallen as its output has declined and its expenses increased. According to tax documents, the publisher last year reported net revenue of $566,229, down from $10 million two years before.
"Should PLOS ONE cease to serve s the cash cow for the organization, [PLOS] will need to adopt a new business strategy," Davis wrote.
Davis, a former science librarian, has for years followed PLOS ONE's growth and how PLOS has managed it. In the post, published by the blog The Scholarly Kitchen, they pointed to a number of possible reasons why the journal is receiving fewer submissions and publishing fewer articles.
Competition is one of them. The open-access publishing market has grown dramatically since PLOS ONE began publishing in 2006, as Heber noted. Scientific Reports, an open-access mega-journal launched by Springer Nature not even six years ago, last year published 20,541 scholarly articles -- nearly twice as many as the 10,720 it published in 2015. And while Scientific Reports' Journal Impact Factor -- a metric commonly used to gauge the quality of a journal -- has risen, PLOS ONE's has declined.
Scientific Reports looks poised to displace PLOS ONE as the world's largest journal this year if the trends continue (though the journal did raise its publication fee this week, making it $200 more expensive than PLOS ONE).
PLOS's own policies could also be driving researchers to publish their work elsewhere. Its decision to raise the PLOS ONE article processing charge from $1,350 to $1,495 last year caused a stir among some academics, as did a 2013 policy that required authors to point readers to where the data behind their findings could be found.
PLOS appears to have prepared for leaner times, however, as it has amassed more than $30 million in assets. Michael B. Eisen, a professor of biology at the University of California, Berkeley, who co-founded PLOS, last year wrote a blog post in which they defended the publisher's article processing charge rates and double-digit margins. Those, as well as PLOS's savings, they wrote, are required for the publisher to maintain its financial stability.
“This is particularly the case with open-access publishers, since we have no guaranteed revenue stream -- in contrast to subscription publishers who make long-term subscription deals,” Eisen wrote. “What's more, this industry is changing rapidly, with the number of papers going to open-access journals growing, but many new open-access publishers entering the market. … The only way to survive in this market is to have a decent amount of money in the bank to buffer against the unpredictable.”
Neither Eisen nor PLOS responded to questions sent to them by email.
Various groups affiliated with Ron Paul announced on Sunday the former member of congress and presidential candidate's latest post-retirement venture, The Ron Paul Channel — a subscription-only channel set to launch this summer.
The new channel, whose slogan is “Turn Off Your TV. Turn On the Truth”, features a promotional video filled with Ron Paul clips, and says it will be “an innovative, new, interactive channel from America's visionary voice of liberty.”
More details were revealed by Paul on Monday morning in an interview with libertarian scholar Thomas Woods.
The former member of congress from Texas described how the idea to launch a new media channel came to him,: “I was at a debate one time, a couple years ago, where I didn't think I got a fair shake. In a two hour debate, I had 89 seconds. I thought, maybe there's something wrong with the media. Maybe they're not covering us fairly. I'm just using it as a pun, but there's a bit of truth to this. We don't get a fair shake. The people who believe in liberty and limited government, don't expect it from the ordinary media.”
Paul also said they want to report on news that the mainstream knows but hides; positive programming highlighting successes for liberty; and experts to provide live, liberty-oriented perspectives on the breaking news of the day.
In terms of topics they want to cover, Paul said, “I want to keep up very much with foreign policy and the wars going on, economics, the marketplace, the Federal Reserve. And then again, the great concern that people are experiencing now with the destruction of our privacy and the destruction of our civil liberties.”
Additionally, Paul sees the Internet as the best way to reach people — especially the younger generation which supported their campaigns so vigorously.
“The young people use the Internet and hand-held devices. They don't sit and watch TV and turn the programs on at 7:00 and watch or anything like that. So I thought the technology was there, the country is ripe for the continuation of this revolution… where we can do it on a routine basis, on the Internet, and have a very, very well-designed program to bring as many people as we can together to promote these views that are being totally ignored either by our government or our professors.”
Some details about the channel, however, are still unclear at the moment.
For instance, the promotional video says the channel will be featured on televisions as well as computers, tablets and smartphones, while Ron Paul themselves seems to indicate the channel will be Internet-only. In addition, there have been no indications so far of who is involved with the channel, besides Paul himself.
The former Republican and Libertarian wants their new channel to go across party lines and build pro-liberty coalitions, saying they want to “revive some of the coalitions to be anti-war. That was supposed to be a liberal idea. You know, progressives are supposed to be against war, but where are they now with Obama?”
The channel is the most recent project for a busy post-retirement Paul who recently launched The Ron Paul Institute, a new think-tank “for peace and prosperity.”
The Ron Paul Channel is set to launch officially in the first part of August.
Follow Gabe on Twitter
Spring Boot: REST + TDD from scratch
Bruno Krebs Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 2, 2016
Disclaimer: Since there is a lot of stuff written about unit tests, in this article I will focus on how to write a RESTful application with integration tests and how to run them during the build process.
After spending a whole year away from Java development, I decided to go back and check how things were doing. And I can tell, I like it. Spring has always caught my attention due to their goal (and success) on making Java enterprise development as easy as possible. Spring Boot, which we will use in this article, is a project that does that with excellence. Using it to start our project's skeleton is easy, since they favor convention over configuration.
Upon Spring Boot, we can use RESTful services to create a client-agnostic application and make it bug-free along side TDD methodologies.
Setting up Spring Boot
First things first. Even though TDD claims that we write failing tests first, to make them pass after, we first need to make a bootable piece of software. Mainly because we need to be able to start a server to see our first test fail during the integration test phase of Maven.
To start an application with Spring Boot is really easy, we just need two files and one command. Let's start with our pom.xml file.
This file, which should be placed in the root directory of our application, defines our project as being a child of spring-boot-starter-parent and adds spring-boot-start-web as a dependency. This combination enable us to run a web application with a single and very small class. Check it out:
After creating this class, which should be placed at ./src/main/java/br/com/brunokrebs/ directory, we will be able to run it issuing the following command on our root directory: mvn spring-boot:run.
Of course, this application doesn't do much right now. Actually it just starts up and keep running a web server. But no RESTful endpoint, no web page, no nothing. So, since we are following TDD methodology, let's write a very simple integration test that expects our web application to answer to a GET request.
Integrating Spring Boot with Maven
To be able to get our tests run automatically in the integration-test phase of Maven, we have to make a few changes in our previously created pom.xml. These changes are small and simple. First, lets add, after spring-boot-starter-web, the following three dependencies:
Then we add maven-failsafe-plugin plugin to execute the integration tests that we are about to create.
And finally we add two execution tasks, to spring-boot-maven-plugin, to deploy our application in order to be able to respond to tests. Note that we already added this plugin in our pom.xml file before. So we just need to add the two tasks:
Now, to start our build process executing the integration tests, we issue the following command: mvn verify. This command will build our project, start a Tomcat container, deploy our project, and issue tests against it. Well, it would issue tests, we didn't write any yet.
Writing our first test
The last added plugin, maven-failsafe-plugin, considers, by default, any class ending with IT as an integration test that must be run. So lets add one and see our first test fail.
We must create this class, following Java and Maven conventions, in the ./src/test/java/br/com/brunokrebs/EchoIT.java file. After creating it, we can run 'mvn verify' command to see it fail.
Nice, we have our first failing test that is issued against our project. So, lets fix it. To make things easy, lets just make a few changes to our main class, AbtbvApplication.java:
As we can see above, we have made four changes to our class. First, we have added a new @RestController annotation to it, which marks it as a REST controller. Second, we have created an inner class, called Message, to hold the message being echoed. Third, we have added a new method that is annotated with @RequestMapping, which configures it to answer to GET requests at '/echo/{message}'. This method takes as a parameter a String message that is annotated with @PathVariable, which makes it automatically get any value passed in the place of {message}. And fourth, we made this method return a new instance of Message. This new instance gets serialized as JSON, just as expected by our test.
Done! We can now execute again 'mvn verify' and see our first test succeed.
Conclusion
As we can see in this article, creating an skeleton of a REST oriented enterprise application with Spring Boot is really easy. This skeleton doesn't do much, but, with the advent of integration tests that are run in the build process, makes it a very good foundation to create any production-ready, bug-free, application.
I hope you guys liked this article, as I'm looking forward to writing a few more related to it. The following articles, which I didn't decide precisely how I'm going to structure, will add some nice features that are expected in an enterprise application. Example given: data sources, graphic user interfaces (probably starting with a web layer based on Angular) and so on.
My name is Bruno Krebs and you can reach me on my Twitter, my LinkedIn and my Github account. Also, feel free to add any comments here or in any of my articles.
By Sen. John Albers (R-Roswell)
Metro Atlanta, as with most major metropolitan areas, suffers from traffic congestion. Sitting in traffic impacts economic competitiveness, air quality, fuel efficiency, family time and safety. Let me share my vision for disrupting this pattern and changing the game.
The issue is something I like to refer to as "The One-Sixth Opportunity."
Between the hours of 7 a.m. and 9 a.m., the majority of us begin our commute to work and school. Then, between the hours of 4 p.m. and 6 p.m. we begin our commutes home. These two blocks of time equal four hours (1/6) of each day where it consistently takes more time to commute.
I can argue we don't have a capacity problem as much as a timing issue. We cannot add unlimited lanes to our roads and need to be creative.
For example, for me to drive from Roswell to the Capitol during rush hour traffic can take an hour or more. However, if I alter my commute; it only takes about 35 minutes. Let's talk about the solutions and great opportunity for businesses and families.
Most companies have their employees work a standard shift of 8-4 or 9-5, Monday through Friday. In Metro Atlanta, that results in millions of people flooding the roads at the same time each day. One solution to easing congestion is alternative work schedules. These include: flextime, telecommuting, compressed work weeks, staggered shifts, etc. If employers implemented just one of these options, we would not only see a reduction in traffic congestion during peak times, but we would also see reduced tardiness, a boost to employee morale and improved productivity. Families would have more valuable time together improving the overall quality of life.
During the summer months, we all enjoy reduced traffic with school out of session. In 1969, almost half of school aged children walked or biked to school. Now, that number is down to 13 percent, according to Safe Routes to School National Partnership (SRTSP). The significant decrease in students walking or biking to school has resulted in 20 to 30 percent increase in traffic. With so many parents driving their kids to school, rather than having them take the bus, the problem compounds exponentially.
An option is for some schools to delay or begin their start times to not directly impact rush hour and encourage parents to carpool or have their children take the school bus. Hundreds of cars line up for miles to drop off and pick up students in school zones clogging the roads along with the school provided transportation.
I am calling on my fellow leaders in government, business and education to collaborate and enact innovative solutions to make a meaningful impact to Metro Atlanta businesses and families.
Sen. John Albers serves as chairperson of the State and Local Government Operations Committee. They represent the 56th Senate District which includes portions of north Fulton and Cherokee counties. They may be reached at their office at 404.463.8055 or by email at john.albers@senate.ga.gov.
---
Photo credit: state of Georgia
They say you never know for sure in recruiting.
Tampa (Fla.) Catholic 5-star wing Kevin Knox proved that once again Saturday night when they committed to Kentucky on Twitter.
They chose the Wildcats over Duke, who was considered the heavy favorite for some time, along with North Carolina, Florida State and Missouri.
Get the latest UK news sent straight to your inbox with our EMAIL NEWSLETTER
Knox (6-8, 205), who is ranked No. 10 overall by the 247Sports Composite, adds to John Calipari's already top-ranked recruiting class, giving Kentucky seven of the top 28 prospects in the 2017 class.
Knox's commitment completely foiled the 247Sports Crystal Ball. The Wildcats didn't hold any of the 23 predictions, which all went to Duke (87 percent) and North Carolina (13 percent).
Kentucky first offered Knox in the spring of 2016. They visited for Big Blue Madness in October and once again for an official visit in January.
Lord Vaati, Wind Mage, Sorcerer of Darkness, Lord of Dark Hyrule Castle, Swordsman, opera lover, sportsman, beauty therapist and 1337 h4x0r , is, to put it simply, the coolest guy alive.  They are so awesome that people five miles away go "Woah!" every time they so much as breathes. It actually gets kinda annoying after a while.(Fun Fact: No rule 34 of Vaati exists, they are that awesome.)
(Q) Vaati must be a bad guy; they look like one.(A) Oh I see , you racist bigot . Discriminating against them because of their appearance? Is it coz they are purple? Or do you just fail to recognise the sheer über-awesomeness of red eyes ? Or are you just against their gothic fashion sense? Actually, I wouldn't blame you there, except that for a Zelda character, he's got a pretty good dress sense. It's better than that wimpy skirt Link wears, anyway. And don't even talk to me about Tingle.
It is almost pathological at this point. As soon as a Louisville football coach does well, we start to get worried about some bigger school coming in and stealing him. And that makes sense, right? Louisville is just a stepping stone job, everyone knows this. A perfect place for an up-and-coming coach to prove they can win, enjoy our low cost of living, light traffic and the friendly folks around town and then get called up to the big leagues. Bigger and better things await, right?
But a look at the record shows that this is without question a stepping stone job. A stepping stone to infamy.
Maybe it is just a coincidence, but it seems like coaches after they leave our fair city more often find themselves failing or becoming laughingstocks than keeping momentum and succeeding at their next stop. Let's take a look.
Lee Corso (1969-1972)
Record as coach: 28-11-3
Left Louisville For: Indiana
Record At Next Job: 41-68-2
Claim-to-infamy:
Louisville's most famous ex-coach, even though no one knows they coached for Louisville, Corso is the face of ESPN's college football coverage and has been for a long time. Slowed by a recent stroke, Corso is known for picking the home team and putting on a mascot head for whichever team is hosting Gameday that week. Today's picture sums it up better than any:
via 30fps.mocksession.com
Keep in mind the people who made every element of that picture possible, from the silly hats, to the dumb/hilarious signs in the background and the anus of a blue tick hound prominently featured on national television for a solid 30 seconds, are the ones behind the billion dollar decisions that will shape the landscape of college football for the next 20 years. I cannot get over this. We are ruled by idiots.
Anyway, Lee Corso is the Godfather of post-Louisville-infamy, but they may not be the most infamous. That title belongs to the man, the myth, the legend....
Howard Schellenberger (1985-1994)
Record as coach:54-56-2
Left Louisville For: Oklahoma
Record At Next Job: 5-5-1
Claim-to-infamy:
Where to begin? The Pipe personally saved the Louisville program and built it into a national product. Some say they are the inspiration for the Dos Equis Most Interesting Man in the World ad campaign. Someone created this in their honor:
via sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net
I have no idea why they left Louisville or what the circumstances were. Was their post-Louisville career interesting? Certainly. Should they be proud of what they did at Florida Atlantic? Of course. Was they "successful" after leaving Louisville? Not really.
John L. Smith (1998-2002)
Record as coach: 41-21
Left Louisville For: Michigan State
Record At Next Job: 22-26
Claim-to-infamy:
Well, up until these last few weeks, it was this:
via www.brendanloy.com
That's right, they slapped themselves in the face at a press conference. It was weird. Also they really didn't do very well at MSU, then ended up moving back to Louisville and attending games as a fan (I saw them a couple times in the B&W club) and then ending up at Arkansas coaching special teams for Bobby Petrino. They were finally given another chance at a head coaching job when Weber State gave them a call, and then Petrino's infamy (see below) opened up the Arkansas job in the spring. Who did they call? John L. Smith. As I write this, Arkansas sits 1-2 with an OT loss to Louisiana-Monroe and a #BEATEMDOWN at the hands of Alabama. Also they filed for bankruptcy. The point is, John L. Smith's post-Louisville career would be a novel I would read, which is all well and good, but not what you are looking for when you crap on a fanbase on your way out the door after having your team hear about your new job at halftime of your bowl game. You pretty much need to succeed in a big way after doing that.
Bobby Petrino (2003-2006)
Record as coach:41-9
Left Louisville For: Atlanta Falcons
Record At Next Job: 3-10 (left before end of season!)
Record at NEXT NEXT Job: 34-17
Claim-to-infamy:
Bobby Petrino was almost the exception that proved the rule, until, well, I'll let LSUFreak show you what happened:
via cdn1.sbnation.com
Petrino had success at Arkansas, although coming in second in their division of their conference but still getting to go to a BCS Bowl is a weird way to achieve success. Anyway, Petrino was infamous while they were at Louisville - stringing together a 4-year span that rivals anyone in college football, especially considering it was their first head coaching job, while at the same time alienating dozens of fanbases by interviewing for jobs that were not technically open and then lying about it. "Petrino to XXXX" became a common phrase and didn't stop once they got to Arkansas.
I say they were the exception that proved the rule (even though they completely flamed out in the NFL) but they actually become the rule's shining example. I have no idea where they will end up next year, but no matter how much success they have, people will likely always remember them more for off the field antics and drama than victories. And no matter how good their teams at Arkansas were, they were still going to be the 3rd best in their own division, and there was not really much they could do about that. I would take them back in a heartbeat, and I hate myself for it.
Left off this list: Ron Cooper (who found success as a coordinator in the SEC) and Steve Kragthorpe, who was demoted from offensive coordinator at LSU before their first game for health reasons, and then as QB coach watched their team's quarterback pay one of the worst games in college football history in the national championship game last year. Neither of them left by choice, but both have a certain level of infamy.
What is the point of this post? Oh, no reason. Charlie Strong, our current coach, has said repeatedly that they are here to stay, and I believe him. But if the music stops and we get left out of the power conferences, would anyone really blame them for going someplace where they could compete for a national championship?
Maybe they can break the mold at their next job, but if history is any guide, the next stone isn't as stable as it might look.
Hello again friends! Here at my Pauper Flophouse of fun I bring you a variety of sweet Pauper decks and give them some quick and dirty brawls in the leagues. Hopefully showing off what the decks can do, having some sweet games and making suggestions on how to make things even better. Let's go!
Do you want to know a deck that people keep mentioning, but I'd never actually played against in Pauper? Infect. I've played against all kinds of decks, but since Invigorate got the axe I'd never battled against it in a league or even in tournament practice, and some of the decks I've seen in the MTGO tournament practice room are not mentioned in polite company.
On a related note: I really love the card Reckless Charge. It's one of my favourite cards from ‘back in the day' and I go out of my way to put them into decks on a regular basis, even if they haven't made their way into many videos thus far. So when I saw a post over on Reddit's Pauper section about a hypothetical turn 1 kill featuring the Charge, I was intrigued.
Now, my deck is not capable of turn 1 kills. Regular readers/viewers will know I favour building significantly more stable decks rather than crossing my fingers for scenarios known as ‘Magical Christmas Land' where many things need to go right. For this reason, there are no Lotus Petals or Simian Spirit Guides or other such cards in my deck. However, it's still plenty explosive, and the resilience may surprise you too. Here is the deck!
Yes, I'm going to explain some choies. Many of which are covered in the deck tech video, but maybe you can't watch it right now, and you need answers!
First, I need to talk about the mana, and that Kodama's Reach. Gruul Turf? Hickory Woodlot? Isn't infect supposed to be ultra-fast? So, part of the philosophy of this deck is while it *can* be a super aggro, all-in linear deck, it also can play a more deliberate game. Reckless Charge opens up a new dimension to Infect strategy. You can now kill the opponent despite not having any creatures in play at the start of the turn, meaning the opponent can die at any time… as long as you have more than just a few manas. The bouncelands and Kodama's Reach are great whenever the opponent has a bunch of removal spells, especially sorcery ones, as they let you build up to a big turn of:
Infect creature -> Reckless Charge -> 2 pump spells -> protection spell.
You certainly board out Reach in match ups where it really is just a race, or you are boarding in disruption of your own and it's going to become a naturally longer game, but the times where the opponent is sitting there with removal spells, leaving up mana and waiting for you to cast creatures, it's great.
Secondly, the pump spells. Temur Battle Rage is a staple in Izzet Blitz, but it doesn't get the full treatment here. I kept finding it fairly tricky to use, so I ended up on only 3 copies rather than 4. The problem is that unlike the other pump spells, it's pretty miserable on it's own. I still think a few are desirable, as the deck lacks some evasion and it is great in game 1 race scenarios, but it often gets boarded out as opponents become more prepared to interfere with a big one-turn kill.
Only having 3 Groundswells is quite probably a mistake. However much of the ‘large damage output' role is taken by Reckless Charge, and in testing games it was sometimes difficult to get the full benefit. I'd probably move to 4 in the future, since in the good draws it's *so* good.
Hammerhand is kinda sweet, but optional. It doesn't excel at any particular role, but it's a 5th haste effect, an extra psuedo-evasion effect, and slight power/toughness boost all in one.
Lastly: conspicuous by its absence in the sideboard is any form of artifact/enchantment hate. The theory is that Flame Slash solves the main problem against Affinity (4/4 creatures) and you should beat Hexproof decks anyway.
That's most of the unusual things, everything else is fairly straightforward. Onward to matches!
The League
Not too shabby, right? That match against the mill deck though… showing what happens if the opponent doesn't have anything to interact with us.
If you want to pick up this deck for a go, here are some thoughts moving forward:
It is certainly possible to make the deck faster if you want to, at the cost of being less able to play around removal. Larger Than Life is powerful for example, but sorcery-speed pump spells are notoriously difficult to set up against opposition.
You could go mono-green, like my last round opponent. You miss out on Reckless Charge angle of attack and the red sideboard cards, but you become better in match ups that end up as un-interactive races.
Similarly, you can make the deck a little slower, but better against removal. You could play some Khalni Garden like the Hexproof decks do to eat some Edicts for example, or maindeck a couple of Corpse curs.
There are various neat Auras you could play, depending on what you play against locally. Volcanic Strength, Dust Corona, Madcap Skills and more all could be good, if you notice Goblin decks, Squadron Hawk decks or decks that like to tap out for big creatures respectively. I personally like Briar Shield.
The Hickory Woodlot might be better off as just a normal basic land. It's been better than a basic forest a bit more than half the time, but draws where you get it after a mulligan are harsh.
Just remember that you can bide your time with this deck. Look at this screenshot, where I refused to expose my Glistener Elf to the Icatian Javelineer (and any number of other cards) until turn 6, before surprise killing them through 5/5 worth of blockers.
So that's Green-Red Infect. What do you think? I think it's pretty fun and challenging to play, but make sure you know what removal you're likely to have to face before picking it up!
Stephen ‘Jecht' Murray, over and out.
Comments
Introducing: Jive TWS Wireless Earbuds
Come on, you know you deserve better. It's time to drop the tangles and wire webs in favor of a new alternative- the JIVE TWS Wireless Earbuds - Showcasing a design that offers sleek, modern high-quality audio earbuds that are guaranteed to rock your world.
Do You Jive? With the Jive TWS design you will find a pair of amazingly lightweight, super portable wire-free earbuds that are perfect for packing along and using for your day-to-day life activities.
Do More With Less.
Share Your Vibes: With the two set earbud design, you can easily share your music by giving an earbud to a partner or friend to enjoy your audio together.
Our team has worked hard to not only create a pair of wireless earbuds, but to create THE best pair of earbuds that you can buy at this point, and at a price that's super affordable.
Mini Size, Major Sound. We designed the JIVE TWS to be miniature in size but not in sound. These amazing earbuds are packed with high quality audio that our backers and future users are going to find impressive.
Get Connected: Connecting the JIVE TWS Earbuds is a cinch. Simply turn on your phones Bluetooth settings. Press the on button on one of either earbuds. Select the first earbud on the Bluetooth device options. Once connected, double tap the other earbud to pair it with the first earbud on your device. And you're good to go!
Sneak Peak: Take a quick look at what's included with each Jive TWS backer pledge reward.
Every JIVE TWS Set includes the charging tube and earbuds, two additional rubber ear inserts, a micro-USB charging cable, and our user manual.
See more of our prototype images and a video overview of the Jive TWS by clicking on this image.
December 2015 -- Prototyping Process Begins
-- Prototyping Process Begins June 2016 -- Final Prototype Completed
-- Final Prototype Completed November 2016 -- Kickstarter Campaign Begins
-- Kickstarter Campaign Begins December 2016 -- Kickstarter Funding Ends
-- Kickstarter Funding Ends February 2017 -- Shipping out Backer Rewards
-- Shipping out Backer Rewards April 2017 -- Fulfillment Complete
Our Team at JIVE Creative has been making wireless audio products including Bluetooth speakers, headphones, and earbuds for over 3 years. We take interest in designing modern, high-end, multi-functional wireless products, and we're super pumped to now be up on Kickstarter!
We're excited to have Kickstarter backers involved in our project, and look forward to offering supporters an up close view of product development at its best. We appreciate your support whether in helping us fund the campaign or share the word with colleagues and friends, we need you to make this campaign a success.
Features: We are now featured on BackerClub!
See Our Press Kit: Click Here
1
“Ya nos metimos cinco veces a su casa, perfecto, la sexta no sólo nos metemos: la violamos a usted y matamos a su madre, así que párele”. Esta es la advertencia que recibió el 6 de noviembre una de las vecinas que ha denunciado la construcción ilegal que se lleva a cabo en Bosque de Framboyanes 495.
Esa amenaza constituye el más reciente capítulo de la pesadilla que durante dos años han vivido una madre y su hija, cuyo pecado ha sido el no resignarse a que junto a su propiedad se levante una edificación que tan viola la ley que hoy tiene sellos de clausura del Instituto de Verificación Administrativa del Distrito Federal (Invea).
Esa obra ha sido tema de esta columna –DF: Ser decente no funciona (http://bit.ly/1Jg7DFA 31/07/15) y Vecinas sin amparo de la ley (http://bit.ly/1LknFlK 19/08/15)–, pero vale la pena resumirlo así: las vecinas han demostrado ante diversas autoridades que el edificio en construcción contraviene varios aspectos de la normatividad vigente.
¿Y qué han ganado? Salvo amenazas e invasiones a su propiedad, nada. Porque con sellos del Invea y to-do, la obra sigue.
La vecina me ha hecho llegar un reporte de una caseta a cargo de la Policía Bancaria donde se consigna que, en efecto, su casa ha sido allanada en los últimos meses. “No estoy loca”, me dice con frustración al contarme que las amenazas que han recibido tienen sustento y que las autoridades no le hacen caso.
En el tiempo transcurrido desde la primera vez que publicamos aquí sobre el tema (julio), han habido algunos avances, pero la realidad es que quienes se han propuesto quebrantar la ley en Framboyanes 495 operan con toda tranquilidad, el avance de la edificación es cotidiano.
Hoy las vecinas han sido atendidas por la nueva autoridad delegacional en Miguel Hidalgo, y el Invea, que había actuado de manera indolente, ya ha puesto sellos. De la misma manera, las vecinas han sido recibidas por Juan José García Ochoa, subsecretario de Gobierno del DF.
Y a pesar de ello, el desconocido dueño del predio es más poderoso que todas esas instancias, pues la obra sigue.
El Invea y sus sellos valen sombrilla. Los trabajadores –la vecina ha enviado fotografías– siguen en la talacha, la delegación alega que como ya hay sellos del Invea ya no puede actuar, el Invea no se sale de su cantaleta de que ya clausuraron, y el subsecretario García Ochoa se quitó de encima a la vecina pidiéndole que denuncie las amenazas ante el Ministerio Público.
Pónganse en los zapatos de estas vecinas: ¿ustedes denunciarían ante el MP? ¿Confiarían en la Fiscalía de un gobierno capitalino que no ha podido proceder como se supone que dice la ley cuando alguien viola sellos de clausura? ¿Y si les echan montón con múltiples testimonios falsos y son ellas las acusadas de mentir? ¿Y si se les meten de nuevo en la casa? ¿Deben ahora buscar también un abogado penalista? ¿Por qué el ciudadano que no ha violentado la ley es el que se tiene que defender?
Contacté al Invea y me dijeron que si se rompen o burlan los sellos de clausura lo que procede es la vía penal. Suena bien, salvo que no hay dios (es decir, no hay autoridad) que haga que el Invea vaya y constate que los sellos no han sido respetados y proceda al respecto.
Así que la clausura es una simulación. Pero las amenazas no.
Sólo resta preguntar: ¿A quién protegen Miguel Ángel Mancera y el Invea en Framboyanes 495?
Twitter: @SalCamarena
También te puede interesar:
ALTA Grupo, ¿el nuevo Ficrea?
Slim, de Diego Osorno, viaje a un país sin gobierno
El milagro de Santa Fe
Ngong Road. What? A road is a sight to visit now you might ask. Well. Ngong Road is something special. Nowhere else are you gonna experience a road full of original furniture just like this one. All along the several kilometers of Ngong road you will find furniture outlets of every imaginable sort.
Driving slowly past, as you often will due to heavy traffic, you will notice endless displays of seats and sofas, tables and chairs, garden decorations and wooden cupboards. But how is that special you might ask ? Well. First of all the sheer volume is overwhelming. You can walk all along the hundreds of furniture shops in a sort of pedestrian street looking at the supply of furniture. But more than that, these are not merely furniture shops, but actual small furniture factories.
Making a random stop at an Ngong Road furniture shop reveals a big warehouse behind the outdoor display of items for sale facing the road. Inside are an even wider range of sofas, chairs and every other type of furniture. However, once you engage the salesperson you quickly figure out that the furniture on display are simply examples. The warehouse contains a small factory as well producing items exactly to your specifications.
Ngong Road – Tailor made Furniture
“Hey, I like that 3-seater sofa overthere, but I´d like it in black with a matching 2 seaters, a footrest and a coffee table. Is that possible?”
“Of course Sir, let me show you some options for shapes and fabrics. We can make it for you within the week”
That is how they roll at Ngong Road. Custom made furniture is a specialty. You can bring your own designs or buy ready-made Kenyan furniture on the spot at Ngong road. Of course, with such a system the options and variations are basically only limited by your own imagination. The craftsmanship looks impressive and you can find furniture outlets specializing in metal works, hand-carved wooden pieces and everything else under the sun.
As a small social study we tried splitting up and went strolling Ngong road separately to get quotes for a few pieces of furniture we fancied. As you may have clocked, Morten is pink as a newborn piglet and speaks only English, Annette is chocolate brown and a hardened bargainer in Swahili. As such it didn't come as a complete surprise that the prices Annette managed to get quoted were about a third of those of their English speaking competitor. As such, always go in armed with your Swahili – or if you dont speak the language, bring someone who does.
Either way, Ngong Road is worth an afternoon stroll even if you would just like a decorative piece for the garden (we bought an artistic frog shaped metal BBQ for instance) or simply to peek at the massive furniture displays and productions going on all around you. It really is quite an amazing spectacle!
Related Posts
Visiting Ongata Rongai 46 Spent most of a week in Ongata Rongai right outside Nairobi ... theres one asphalt road through it, the rest are dirt tracks in all directions. From Ongata Rongai, a town right outside Nairobi. It may look like a bit of a dump, but its super vibrant & charming…
Bike Safari Nairobi - Crazy Rides 31 What in the world was I thinking! I went on a bike safari near Nairobi. Being a bit out of shape and not having on a bicycle for months (holiday season) it was a bit of a mad challenge, but I loved every hurting a bit of it! Today a very…
Beautiful Kenya - Nairobi Market Haggling 26 Haggling is a sport in Kenya. It is an art form best performed with massive gestures and a cheeky smile. But either way, part of the street market experience is haggling overprices. Even the smallest item needs arguing over. But in reality it is all in good spirit and…
The Karen Blixen House 23 The Karen Blixen House. The original farm house of Karen Blixen near Nairobi Being Danish i ventured to the home of Karen Blixen with high expectations of the legendary accomplishments of my fellow Dane. The well preserved farmhouse is located on the outskirts of Nairobi, Kenya in the high-end area…
Rongai by Night 23 Rongai by Night Backstreet bars, sports cafees and discos are spread along the mainstreet of Ongata Rongai. It seems you can quell your thirst in cheap local beer or imported booze around the clock
Comments
comments
: The Memoirs of Hitler's Childhood Friend August Kubizek Frontline Books , May 31, 2011 - History - 272 pages 0 Reviews August Kubizek met Adolf Hitler in 1904 while they were both competing for standing room at the opera. Their mutual passion for music created a strong bond, and over the next four years they became close friends. Kubizek describes a reticent young man, painfully shy, yet capable of bursting into hysterical fits of anger if anyone disagreed with him. The two boys would often talk for hours on end; Hitler found Kubizek to be a very good listener, a worthy confidant to their hopes and dreams. In 1908 Kubizek moved to Vienna and shared a room with Hitler at 29 Stumpergasse. During this time, Hitler tried to get into art school, but they were unsuccessful. With their money fast running out, they found themselves sinking to the lower depths of the city: an unkind world of isolation and constant unappeasable hunger . Hitler moved out of the flat in November, without leaving a forwarding address; Kubizek did not meet their friend again until 1938. The Young Hitler I Knew tells the story of an extraordinary friendship, and gives fascinating insight into Hitler s character during these formative years. This is the first edition to be published in English since 1955 and it corrects many changes made for reasons of political correctness. It also includes important sections which were excised from the original English translation. Preview this book »
Government At Work: Groping Children Is Preferable to Perceived Profiling
Originally posted at David Horowitz's NewsReal:
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) recently implemented new supposed security measures, which include a mandated trip through a full body scanner that shows you in all your naked glory, or lack thereof. It's all cool, though, because if you don't wish to have your naked body ogled, you can always get felt up instead via the new “enhanced pat-down” option. It's all about choice, baby! Whichever you prefer: leering or groping.
Surely, you'd think, this wouldn't be done randomly, but would rather be a targeted measure. And, you'd also think, certainly the absolutely random subjection of children to such “pat-downs” wouldn't occur. Well, you'd be wrong on both counts. Of course this isn't targeted – that would be too profile-y and stuff! Because, tolerance. Or something. You see, because we must tolerate those who wish to kill us, we cannot offend them. We cannot be perceived to be singling out a certain group. We must, therefore, waste time and resources using terrorism countermeasures against, you know, NON-terrorists. And we are to pretend that 90-year-old grandmas from Nebraska flew planes into buildings on September 11th. Or that three-year-old girls strapped bombs to their shoes or in their underwear.
The TSA should change its name to Totalitarian Sexual Abuse. This child was terrified, tormented and assaulted. And we are supposed to find this acceptable, because it is allegedly For Our Own Good ™? “Kids, do not ever let a stranger touch you. If they try, scream, run away and tell someone immediately. Wait, whoops! Unless it's government molestation. Then, shaddup.”
Hey, you know what would actually be for our own good? I'm no Janet Napolitano (thank goodness), but it seems to me that we should try out that whole using targeted security measures, based on actual suspicion and clues, like they do in Israel. Oh, silly me. That would mean acknowledging that it is a specific radicalized group of people who wants to kill us and not tea partiers. And it might even entail mentioning the word Islam. Oh, the horror.
As it stands now, we do nearly the opposite. We go out of our way to ass kissily show that we are not “profiling.” Which is why I now think that I'm giong to have to start putting my 7-year-old daughter in a burqa when flying. It is clearly the only way that I can ensure that they won't be groped by TSA.
The above video shows something else highly disturbing. Is the public so cowed by “government knows best” strong arm tactics that they are now willing to let some low-level, government-employed flunky assault their children, as they merely stand by and film it? People say that you can't know how you'd react until you are in a similar situation. That is often true. But it is not true when it comes to protecting one's children. No threat to me, especially a stupid monetary threat of a fine, outweighs protecting my child from harm. I would not have allowed that to happen and I certainly would not have stood by passively and filmed my terrified child with my little cell phone. The only way I'd have used a camera, were that my child, would have been to teach the TSA employee a little something about what happens when a camera goes where the sun don't shine. I'm small, but I'm scrappy.
Where the sun don't shine, by the way, is where any terrorists would attempt to smuggle stuff. So, these pat-downs aren't just egregious, they are worthless. They want to kill us, stupid. Assaulting our personal liberty and taking naked scan pictures of moms from South Carolina or feeling up some dude from Tennessee's junk won't stop that. Nor will tormenting our own children. Political correctness moved from annoying to potentially deadly. It is now also abusive.
It's bad enough the Government constantly condescends to the American public and treats us all like half-witted children. I think the past election showed them that we will no longer stand for that. Let this be another Teachable Moment for them: do not dare try to use – and worse, harm – our children to perpetuate your own demented quests for absolute power and pathetic “multiculturalism,” politically correct acceptance.
———
Crossposted from NewsReal
Follow Lori on Twitter and read more of their work at Breitbart's Big Journalism, Red State and Human Events.
Advertisements
With the support of NASA, Google and a broad range of technology thought leaders and entrepreneurs, a new university will launch in Silicon Valley this summer with the goal of preparing the next generation of leaders to address “humanity's grand challenges.” Singularity University (SU) (www.singularityu.org) will open its doors in June 2009 on the NASA Research Park campus with a nine-week graduate-level interdisciplinary curriculum designed to facilitate understanding, collaboration, and innovation across a broad range of carefully chosen scientific and technological disciplines whose developments are exponentially accelerating.
SU co-founders Dr. Ray Kurzweil and Dr. Peter Diamandis unveiled plans for the new university today at the annual TED (Technology, Entertainment and Design) Conference in Long Beach, Ca.
“We are now in the steep part of the exponential trajectory of information technologies in a broad variety of fields, including health, nanotechnology, and artificial intelligence,” said Kurzweil. “It is only these accelerating technologies that have the scale to address the major challenges of humanity ranging from energy and the environment, to disease and poverty. With its strong focus on interdisciplinary learning, Singularity University is poised to foster the leaders who will create a uniquely creative and productive future world.”
The People Behind SU
SU has been founded by a group of leaders including renowned author and futurist, Dr. Ray Kurzweil; space entrepreneur and chairperson of the X PRIZE Foundation, Dr. Peter Diamandis; Director of NASA's Ames Research Center, Pete Worden; co-founder of the International Space University, Dr. Robert Richards; International Space University President, Dr. Michael Simpson, and a group of Associate Founders who have contributed philanthropic capital, time and key relationships. Singularity University is also engaging a small number of corporate founding companies that will play a special role in the university's growth and direction. The first Corporate Founder is Google and several more will soon be named. Speaking on behalf of Google, Chris DiBona, Open Source Program Manager, said, “Google is proud to be a founding Corporate Sponsor for the Singularity University. By focusing on exponentially growing technologies and their ability to address the world's grand challenges, this interdisciplinary institution will fill a critical need.”
“We are reaching out across the globe to gather the smartest and most passionate future leaders and arm them with the tools and network they need to wrestle with the grand challenges of our day,” said Diamandis. “There is no existing program that will offer the breadth and intensity that SU will offer. During the year, between the Graduate from Summer Programs, SU will offer a unique 3-day and 10-day program for CEOs and executives that will give them the forward-looking radar they need to determine how these key technologies might transform their companies and industries in the 5-10 years ahead.”
“Ray Kurzweil and Peter Diamandis have pulled together an extraordinary group of leaders across a broad spectrum of disciplines. The challenges facing our planet are profound,” said Dr. Vint Cerf, Vice President and Chief Internet Evangelist at Google. “Creating a network of future world leaders across the range of exponentially growing technologies addressed by Singularity University will have profound implications. We need the best hearts and minds working together toward a common cause.”
A First-of-Its-Kind Curriculum
Developed in consultation with some of the world's leading thinkers and academicians in science, technology and ethics, the curriculum provides a broad, interdisciplinary exposure to ten key fields of study: future studies and forecasting; networks and computing systems; biotechnology and bioinformatics; nanotechnology; medicine, neuroscience and human enhancement; AI, robotics, and cognitive computing; energy and ecological systems; space and physical sciences; policy, law and ethics; and finance and entrepreneurship.
“The exponentially increasing power of computers and optical networks, when combined with developments in AI, nanotechnology, and other technologies, will create extraordinary opportunities,” said Dr. Larry Smarr, Harry E. Gruber Professor, Computer Science and Engineering at UCSD, and Director at California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology. “Singularity University is uniquely positioned to prepare students for these coming innovations.”
“It's a first-of-its-kind curriculum, designed to provide students with a solid understanding of what is possible today, as well as an understanding of where the real opportunities exist for innovation that might spring from where the technologies converge,” said Salim Ismail, Executive Director of SU. “And our relationship with ISU gives us a living model to build and develop the university.”
A Home at NASA Ames
SU was founded on September 20, 2008 at NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, California. It is modeled after the successful International Space University, founded at MIT in 1987, which has become one of the leading interdisciplinary, international and intercultural institutions for the study of space.
Singularity University has leased space on the NASA Research Park campus, with plans for a permanent facility in the near future, and will be offering a 9-week graduate-studies program as well as 3-day “C-level” and 10-day “mid-level” management programs.
Among the University's founders is Pete Worden, Director of NASA's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field, in Silicon Valley. “The NASA Ames campus has a proud history of supporting ground-breaking innovation, and Singularity University fits into that tradition,” said Worden. “We're proud to help launch this unique graduate university program and are looking forward to the new ideas, technologies and social applications that result.”
About SU
Singularity University (SU) is an interdisciplinary university whose mission is to assemble, educate and inspire a cadre of leaders who strive to understand and facilitate the development of exponentially advancing technologies (bio, nano, info, AI, etc.), and apply, focus and guide these tools to address humanity's grand challenges. With the support of a broad range of leaders in academia, business and government, SU hopes to stimulate groundbreaking, disruptive thinking and solutions aimed at solving some of the planet's most pressing challenges. SU is based at the NASA Ames campus in Silicon Valley. For more information, go to www.singularityu.org.
All these teenage girls who worship the Twilight books and movies - its just horrifying to think this is what they are obsessed with. In the movie, after vampire Edward marries their long time love, the human Bella, they have sex with them and finds out that they had bruised them during the act. But Bella is perfectly alright with it - making it look like if your boyfriend bruises you in some way, its no big deal. Then they become pregnant and it goes bigger at an alarming rate, something that could kill them And Bella wants to keep the baby no matter what the pregnancy could do to them (which almost kill them in the end). So even they get an unwanted pregnancy, it teaches girls to have the baby no matter what, even if it ruins their lives. Its unacceptable. How can these people be so shameless?
TRENTON -- New Jersey's state government shutdown could be hours away from ending as lawmakers are preparing to get summoned to the Statehouse on Monday night in a possible attempt to finally pass a state budget, legislators told NJ Advance Media.
The shutdown, ordered by Gov. Chris Christie at midnight this past Friday after lawmakers failed to send them a budget, has closed state parks and beaches, shuttered nonessential state offices, and furloughed more than 30,000 state workers Monday.
But legislative leaders spent part of Monday behind closed doors with the CEO of Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey discussing a possible compromise to a bill that has held up the budget and sparked the impasse.
The N.J. shutdown explained
Members of the 80-seat state Assembly have been put on call for a possible 9 p.m. voting session on both the budget and the new Horizon legislation, Assemblyman Reed Gusciora (D-Mercer) said.
Meanwhile, members the 40-seat state Senate were told to prepared for a return to the Statehouse, Senate Majority Leader Loretta Weinberg (D-Bergen) said.
It is unclear, though, if a final deal is in place yet. Legislative leaders are still working to iron out the new legislation, according to multiple legislative sources who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the situation. It is also uncertain if Christie has agreed to it.
If both measures pass and Christie signs the budget, it will end the second state government shutdown in New Jersey history after three days and open state parks and beaches in time for July 4.
Legislation that would allow state insurance regulators to dictate Horizon's amount of money in its reserve fund bill has been the sticking point in budget negotiations. Christie says they want the $12 billion non-profit company -- the state's largest health insurance provider -- to disclose more financial information and be more accountable to the state.
If lawmakers send them a bill that does these things, the Republican governor has promised to sign the $34.7 billion budget proposed by the Democrats who control the Legislature without vetoing their top priorities, such as school funding.
State Senate President Stephen Sweeney (D-Gloucester) agreed to the plan, fearing key programs would fall to Christie's veto pen. But Assembly Speaker Vincent Prieto (D-Hudson) refused to post any version of the Horizon measure, saying it's bad policy and could lead to rate hikes on the 3.8 million New Jersey residents who are insured with the company.
That led a wide swath of Assembly Democrats to withhold votes on the budget. The Assembly missed the constitutionally mandated July 1 deadline to pass the budget, and Christie ordered the shutdown.
But Sweeney, Prieto, and Horizon CEO Bob Marino met Monday at the Statehouse to discuss a possible compromise. And Prieto and state Sen. Joseph Vitale (D-Middlesex) drafted the new bill that is still being discussed.
NJ Advance Media staff writer Samantha Marcus contributed to this report.
Brent Johnson may be reached at bjohnson@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @johnsb01. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Susan K. Livio may be reached at slivio@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @SusanKLivio. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
WASHINGTON — Days before the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) will vote on its proposed rollback of Net Neutrality rules that protect the open internet, Representative Sean Patrick Maloney (NY-18) introduced the Save Net Neutrality Act (H.R. 4585) to stop the FCC's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that would result in a final rule eliminating the existing Net Neutrality policy.
“The FCC's proposal to screw up your internet is just about the worst plan I've seen – the comment period was a mess and the rest of the proposal is full of holes,” said Rep. Maloney. “My bill would stop this rule from going into effect and keep the internet the way it is – affordable, open, and full of innovation.”
“People are lifting up their voices for Net Neutrality, and the message is loud and clear,” said Matt Wood, Policy Director, Free Press Action Fund. “The rules and the legal framework we have today at the FCC are working. We have called on Congress to stop Chairman Pai from taking those successful rules away. We don't need legislators to fix Net Neutrality, we need them to fix the current rules in place. We thank Rep. Maloney for working to do that.”
The FCC offered an NPRM on May 18, 2017 which would roll back Net Neutrality rules established by the Commission in 2015. These rules classified Internet Service Providers (ISPs) as “common carriers” under Title II of the Federal Communications Act of 1934 and Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act of 1996, which subjected them to regulation as utilities. Net Neutrality protects the free and open internet by preventing these ISPs from blocking, speeding up or slowing down the transmission of content, or increasing costs to consumers by changing the pricing model that exists today.
The Administrative Procedure Act (APA) requires federal agencies to consider relevant comments as part of the NPRM by establishing a formal comment period and process for considering the opinions of people who would be affected by a new proposed rule. The FCC has come under intense scrutiny for its bungling of the comment process on this proposed rule. New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman has uncovered evidence that tens of thousands of New Yorkers may have had their identities used to file fake comments. Additionally, analysis by the Pew Research Center has found that only 3% of the comments received by the FCC definitively went through a verification process to ensure emailed comments came from legitimate accounts. This allowed many comments to be submitted using fake accounts. The analysis provides the example that over 7,500 comments came from the email address example@example.com.
The Save Net Neutrality Act would simply prevent the FCC from relying on the NPRM process that will conclude with a final vote on December 14th. The bill refrains from making policy prescriptions, but instead invalidates the process that culminates in the creation of an enforceable rule authorized by the APA. Without the ability to rely on the rule, the FCC would have to start the NPRM process over from scratch.
The bill has been endorsed by the Free Press Action Fund.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Russian security forces have arrested an employee at the American embassy in Moscow, accusing them of recruiting spies for the CIA. The man was identified as Ryan Christopher Fogle, who was officially in Russia to serve as a secretary at the U.S. embassy. The Federal Security Service (FSB) told RT that Fogle was arrested with "special technical equipment," large sums of money, disguises, and a letter intended for a Russian citizen who was being recruited to sell secrets to the U.S.
The FSB released pictures of Fogle's arrest, as well photos of the evidence that they've listed against him. The letter offers $1 million a year to a contact if they agree to give information over to the Americans. It also instructs the source on how to contact the CIA without being traced (using Gmail, of course).
U.S. officials have been silent so far on the matter, but the American ambassador, Michael McFaul, has reportedly been summoned to the Foreign Ministry to discuss the incident. Fogle was reportedly handed back to the U.S. mission after being processed by Russian authorities. (Russia has since ordered for Fogle's expulsion from the country.)
'Dear Friend!': Instruction allegedly used to recruit Russian intelligence officer by CIA spy on.rt.com/kb2ex9 twitter.com/RT_com/status/… — RT (@RT_com) May 14, 2013
Whether the charges stick or not, the incident won't help relations between the American and Russian intelligence agencies, which have been quietly sparring over the fallout from the Boston Marathon bombing. Despite promises from their leaders of more cooperation in the future, there has been a lot of back-and-forth over who knew what about bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev, and whether all the information was properly shared (and acted upon) between countries. It's not surprising that the two sides don't fully trust each other, and adding more spies to the mix definitely won't solve that problem.
UPDATE: RT has now posted a video of the Fogle arrest, which feels oddly stage-managed. (And that wig couldn't have been fooling anyone.)
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
U.S. Secretary Tillerson and Defense Secretary Mattis meet with Chinese State Councilor Yang Jiechi and Gen. Fang Fenghui, prior to the U.S.-China Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, at the State Department in Washington Thomson Reuters By David Brunnstrom
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Top diplomats and defense chiefs from the United States and China began a day of talks in Washington on Wednesday looking for ways to press North Korea to give up its nuclear and missile programs.
The talks come a day after U.S. President Donald Trump said Chinese efforts to persuade North Korea to rein in its weapons programs had failed, ratcheting up the rhetoric after the death of an American student who had been detained by Pyongyang.
Trump's statement is likely to increase pressure on Beijing at the Diplomatic and Security Dialogue, which pairs U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Defense Secretary Jim Mattis with China's top diplomat, State Councilor Yang Jiechi, and General Fang Fenghui, chief of joint staff of the People's Liberation Army.
The State Department says Wednesday's talks would focus on ways to increase pressure on North Korea, but also cover such areas as counter-terrorism and territorial rivalries in the South China Sea.
The U.S. side is expected to press China to cooperate on a further toughening of international sanctions on North Korea. The United States and its allies would like to see an oil embargo and bans on the North Korean airline and guest workers among other moves, steps diplomats say have been resisted by China and Russia.
Trump has had high hopes for greater cooperation from China to exert influence over North Korea, leaning heavily on Chinese President Xi Jinping for their assistance. The two leaders had a high-profile summit in Florida in April and Trump has frequently praised Xi while resisting criticizing Chinese trade practices.
"While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi & China to help with North Korea, it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!" Trump wrote on Twitter.
It was unclear whether their remark represented a significant shift in their thinking in the U.S. effort to stop North Korea's nuclear program and its test-launching of missiles or a hardening in U.S. policy toward China.
China's Foreign Ministry said on Wednesday that Beijing had made "unremitting efforts" to resolve tensions on the Korean peninsula.
On Tuesday, a U.S. official said U.S. spy satellites had detected movements recently at North Korea's nuclear test site near a tunnel entrance, but it was unclear if Pyongyang was preparing for a new nuclear test, perhaps to coincide with Wednesday's high-level talks.
A South Korean Defense Ministry official said North Korea remained prepared to conduct a sixth nuclear test at any time but there were "no new unusual indications that can be shared."
North Korea last tested a nuclear bomb in September, but it has conducted repeated missile tests since and vowed to develop a nuclear-tipped missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland, putting it at the forefront of Trump's security worries.
(Additional reporting by Steve Holland in Washington and Michael Martina in Beijing; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
There are two Bloodlines making an appearance on Challenge 30, Shane Raines and Nicole Ramos. Shane is going to be on this season with their brother, Tony. Nicole did Rival 3 with their cousin, Nany, but now it looks like Nany has taken 5 steps back from the camera and is enjoying life with their new career, and their man.
Nicole seems to be making the most of the experience, being one of the first Bloodlines to go on without a relative. What they are known most for on the Challenge is their heavy makeup, where they create an almost new face and new eyes. Personally, I find the make-up too much for the Challenge on the daily, when it is often a physical competition. Though it makes them feel beautiful, and the individuals happiness matters most at the end of the day. Considering they do awesome Instagram lives for their fans where they take questions and does them make-up. It could be a career for them if they wanted.
On Rivals 3, they finished in 4th place with Dario as their partner. That is shocking, considering that they are not really a good physical competitor at all. It is not their fault, they are not the athlete type, they never competed in anything athletically at a high level. They floated to the final four, won the personality quiz challenge, won an elimination where Wes blew it, and had to see Bananas/Sarah in a last minute elimination before the final that took them out.
Nicole's strength is that they are a conniving drama queen who sits in the back and makes troll-like comments. Remember when they created all the drama between Camila and Nany on Rivals 3 where they blew up on each other, and Camila was wearing a sombrero and crying? Nicole was smirking and laughing in the background, knowing they started all of it. They will fit in best with Amanda/Ashley/Marie type girls where they sit in their room and talk shit.
These Challenges are a good important outlet for Nicole so they can support themselves as a model and makeup artist.
Now here's a review of Nicole as a competitor, as well as their social media handles for reference:
Skills & Physical Strength: Nicole is one of the most tiny and petite girls to ever be on this show. Estimating: Nicole is 5'6 and about 90-100 lbs. They seemed a few inches shorter than their cousin. Telling me they weighed more than 110 lbs would flabbergast me, their body is the type where in any T-shirt it will look baggy unless they wear a children's size.  They are more or less the girl who eats Cheetos and drinks Arizona iced tea as their daily breakfast and lunch, not because she's on a diet, because it's what they like. She'd rather be doing makeup and wearing cute clothes than going to the gym and lifting weights.
Autonauts Update, December 2017
Hello!
How are you? It's been a while. Yes, we have been rather quiet but only because we've been busy making more of a game out of Autonauts.
Now you won't be thrown in at the deep end with everything available always from the start and no clue what to do. Now you get to complete objectives (or quests or missions depending on your preference) to unlock new blueprints and technology - especially if you look after the folk and help them become more civilised.
The folk now die if you neglect them for too long (no, you can't recycle them; you build them a nice burial mound instead) but fortunately you can also breed folk (in a U-rated fashion using a special building and oysters, which are washed up on the beach).
Other new features include making the whistle for the bots, a quern for grinding crude flour, pumpkin pieces for food and a timeline that acts a little like a log (diary) by keeping track of your discoveries and inventions as you make them and when you complete key goals.
And if we don't see you beforehand... Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
Autonautily yours
Gary and Aaron
Indonesia's army chief has come out in defence of the much criticised mandatory 'virginity test' for female cadets, claiming that the test ensures that only morally upright women get to join the army.
"So what's the problem? It's a good thing, so why criticise it?" army chief General Moeldoko asked reporters on Friday.
The Indonesian army has long maintained the practice keeps 'immoral women' away from joining the armed forces.
The Jakarta Globe report noted that the army chief was responding to a question by the journalists on the growing international condemnation of the two-finger test, which all women must pass to join the Indonesian military.
While they accepted that being a virgin has no link to the abilities of a woman, the army chief emphasised that it was a must for understanding the moral uprightness of a female cadet.
They said virginity is one of the three important traits all Indonesian women wanting to join the armed forces must possess. High academic aptitude and physical strength are the other two parameters.
The remark by the army chief came a day after a human rights group urged Indonesia to abolish invasive "virginity tests" for female recruits and the fiancées of military officers in its armed forces, Reuters reported.
Human Rights Watch in its statement noted that President Joko Widodo should ask military hospitals to immediately stop the degrading and cruel practice, which violates international human rights treaties.
"The Indonesian armed forces should recognise that harmful and humiliating 'virginity tests' on women recruits do nothing to strengthen national security," said Nisha Varia, HRW's women's rights advocacy director.
Amid the growing criticism earlier last week, Indonesian military spokesperson Major-General Fuad Basya​ bluntly told the Sydney Morning Herald that the 'virginity test' was undertaken to ensure "[we] get the best people both physically and mentally."
They too previously had stated that the tests were to keep immoral women from joining the army.
This graphic shows a timeline of the universe based on the Big Bang theory and inflation models.
Ouruniverse might have originated from a black hole that lies within anotheruniverse.
Theidea centers on how matter and energy falling into a blackhole could in theory come out a "white hole" in another universe.In such a situation, both the black hole and the white hole are mouths of anEinstein-Rosen bridge, popularly known as a wormhole.
Withthat in mind, theoretical physicist Nikodem Poplawski at Indiana Universityconjectured that when a black hole forms upon the collapse of a dying star, auniverse is born at the same time from the white hole on the other side of the wormhole.
"Ouruniverse could have itself formed from inside a black hole existing insideanother universe," they said.
Thisidea has been suggestedbefore, and now Poplawskihas expanded on the thinking.
Nesteduniverses
Althougha black hole forming from a star the size of our sun would only be about 2 mileswide, it does not mean that a universe which might originate from a black holewould stay that small.
"Ouruniverse was small a long time ago and expanded," Poplawski said."From the other side, one would not see our expansion." Essentially,a black hole could seem bigger on the "inside" than how it looked tosomeone outside.
Ifanyone survived a trip intoa black hole and emerged in another universe, "it would be a one-waytrip," Poplawski noted. The event horizon of a black hole is ?boundary atwhich nothing inside can escape.
In theory, black holes do lose mass, however, as Hawking radiation— particles that emerge from the vacuum right next to their event horizons.Black holes that lose more mass than they gain are expected to shrink andultimately vanish. This does not mean any universe at the other end of theblack hole would cease to exist, Poplawski explained. "We would just bedisconnected from the other universe," they said.
Evidencefor a black hole birth?
If our universe was born from a black hole in another universe, itwould be impossible to cross its event boundary and see the other side, meaningone cannot prove or disprove this idea that way.
So how might one test this conjecture? One implication of Poplawski's conceptis that our universe is "closed."
"In cosmology, there are three models for our universe,"Poplawski explained. "The first is that it's closed, the second is thatit's 'open,' and the third is that it's 'flat.'"
If it is closed, and one tries to venture to the edgeof our universe, one would eventually loop back to where one started."It would be like walking on the surface of the Earth — if you walk to theeast, at some point you come back across the west," Poplawski said.
If our universe is flat, and one tries to venture to its edge, onewould never reach it, as it continued on infinitely. The same would hold trueif the universe is open, "only it would be 'curved,'" Poplawski said.This means that if two beams of light were shot into space parallel to eachother, in a flat universe they would stay parallel, while in an open universethey would actually get farther from each other.
If our universe lies "within" another universe,"the prediction would be that our universe is closed," Poplawskisaid. "That could maybe test at some point. If the universe is closed,if one watches the stars, their light would be visible on the opposite side ofthe sky. If the universe is really big, the light from those stars might nothave had time to do that yet, but maybe at some point we could see this."
Also, black holes rotate, evidence suggests, and if our universe'sparent black hole was spinning, "then one direction might be preferred inour universe, evidence we could see at large scales," Poplawski said.
Solving mysteries?
If our universe was born from a black hole, it could help solvethe mystery of what came before the BigBang and whether our universe was closed, flat or open.
It could also help scientists avoid problems associated withsingularities, or infinitely small points with infinite density. In theory, theuniverse was born from a singularity, and every black hole encloses asingularity. However, singularities are big headaches for theoreticalphysicists, since the laws of physics break down around them.
"In my model, when the universe is born, there is no problemof having a singularity initially — instead of being infinitely small, it hadthe radius of its parent black hole," Poplawski said. "Also, insteadof black holes ending up with singularities, this model suggests they would endup with universes."
Anidea full of holes?
Onehole in this idea is one that turns up whenever wormholes are discussed — exoticmatter.
Inprinciple, all wormholes are unstable, closing the instant they open. The only way to keep them open is with an exotic form ofmatter with so-called "negative energy density." Such exotic matterhas bizarre properties, including moving in the opposite direction of normalmatter when pushed. No one knows if such matter actually exists.
"It is possible that when black holes form, matter canundergo a phase transition to become exotic matter, to allow this initialexpansion of a universe inside the black hole," Poplawski suggested.
Also, while this might explain how our universe was born from ablack hole, it does not explain how the universe that black hole is from cameto be. "So was that universe born from a black hole in another universe,and so on?" Poplawski noted. "It's a problem of an infinite number ofuniverses. That's a very reasonable criticism."
Poplawskiwill detail their research April 12 in the journal edition of Physics LettersB.
Fourth annual NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' For Linemen 200 June 17 at Gateway Motorsports Park
Race sponsor Chad Dubea (right) with GMP owner and CEO Curtis Francois (left) and 2014 race winner Bubba Wallace.
The NASCAR Camping World Truck Series will make its annual trek to Gateway Motorsports Park in Madison, Illinois on Saturday, June 17 for the fourth annual Drivin' For Linemen 200. Although it is one of 20 race dates on the 2017 NASCAR schedule, it is very special to event sponsor Chad Dubea and the men who work on the line.
“This is about recognition and awareness for the guys who are keeping the lights on. I try not to beat my own drum. I don't need, or expect, the recognition,” said Chad Dubea, of Elite Holdings, LLC. “We don't want the focus to be on the sponsors. We want all of the attention to focus on the race and on bringing awareness to the wonderful work and sacrifices electrical linemen make every day, especially during major storms and disasters.”
For Dubea, the path from climbing power poles to standing in a NASCAR victory lane is an interesting story. Like many young men their age, the native of Lafayette, Louisiana followed in their father's footsteps. The elder Dubea served as an electrical engineer for a utility company and sent their son out with crews during the summer when Chad was just 16 years old.
“My dad would tell the supervisors, ‘Make sure you work them hard so he'll want to go to college instead.' ”
Dad's plan backfired. Instead of choosing the academic path, their work outdoors with the men on the line motivated Dubea to start their own company, T&D Solutions, LLC. T&D specialized in maintenance and construction of power lines and transmission distribution systems. At its peak, before it was sold, T&D employed more than 450 people.
Dubea is so devoted to their line of work they launched and financed a multi-million-dollar, full-length feature film, Life On The Line, starring John Travolta and Sharon Stone. (Following its worldwide release last year it now is available on DVD and pay-per-view.)
“There were five things we wanted to do with that movie. We wanted to give recognition to linemen and illustrate their profession to those who don't know what they do. We wanted the linemen to see themselves through the character in the film who gets hurt. We wanted the wives to see what these guys go through. The wives will tell you, ‘I knew it was dangerous, I just didn't know how dangerous.' We strive no shortcuts. It's hazardous work but it can be done safely. And of course we wanted the foundation to be recognized.”
The foundation Dubea speaks of is known as the Fallen Lineman Organization (FLO). Founded by Dubea following the tragic loss of an employee on the line, its mission is to memorialize fallen electrical line workers, and care for the families who have lost or are impacted by a severe injury of a loved one in the line of duty. FLO strives to consolidate accident and injury information to share openly for a safer work environment. FLO also helps all fallen and severely-injured electrical line workers, including, but not limited to, groundsmen, linemen, operators, apprentice linemen, journeymen linemen, and substation mechanics.
NASCAR RACE SPONSORSHIP
Several years ago, a colleague who runs the International Lineman Museum and Hall of Fame in Shelby, N.C., called Dubea to see if they might be interested in co-sponsoring a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series team that was entered at Daytona. Later, Dubea visited the team's shops and was offered sponsorship opportunities for the entire season.
In the meantime, business person Curtis Francois had purchased the dormant Gateway Motorsports Park in Madison, Illinois, just across the Mississippi River from St. Louis. Gateway had been granted a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race for 2014 but the event name was listed as “TBA” on the schedule.
“I saw TBA on the schedule and asked what that was about,” Dubea said. “I was told the race had not been named yet.”
Dubea made the decision to sponsor the race to garner more recognition for linemen and FLO. It was named the Drivin' For Linemen 200. Each year the event includes a Climbin' for Linemen competition and this year's event has more than 200 entries to date.
Tickets for the June 17 NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 are on sale and may be purchased at the GMP ticket office, by phone at (618) 215-8888 or online at www.gatewaymsp.com. General admission tickets start at just $36 and kids 15 and under are free (general admission).
2016 winner Christopher Bell (Michael Allio)
NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 & ARCA Midwest Tour Illinois Lottery 40
Saturday, June 17
8:30 a.m. — Spectator parking lots open.
9 a.m. — Spectator gates open.
9:30-10:25 a.m. — NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 practice.
10 a.m.-2 p.m. — Free bucket rides in Altec's bucket truck (infield near the tunnel).
11:30 a.m.-12:25 p.m. — Final NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 practice.
1:30-2:30 p.m. — Illinois Lottery 40 ARCA Midwest Tour practice and qualifying.
2-2:45 p.m. — NASCAR driver autograph session.
2:30-4:30 p.m. — Free concert by The Band Steele on the midway.
3:30-4:30 p.m. — ARCA Midwest Tour Illinois Lottery 40 qualifying.
4:45 p.m. — NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 qualifying.
5:45 p.m. — ARCA Midwest Tour Illinois Lottery 40 driver introductions.
6:10 p.m. — ARCA Midwest Tour Illinois Lottery 40 (40 laps, 50 miles, timed event).
7 p.m. — NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 driver introductions.
7:30 p.m. — NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Drivin' for Linemen 200 (160 laps, 200 miles).
Schedule is subject to change. Latest update: June 2.
For more information on Gateway Motorsports Park, please call (618) 215-8888. Follow GMP on Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat and Instagram.
About Gateway Motorsports Park
Gateway Motorsports Park is the home of INDYCAR, NASCAR and NHRA racing in the St. Louis region. Located just five minutes from downtown St. Louis and covering more than 340 acres, Gateway Motorsports Park is the largest outdoor entertainment facility in the area. Gateway Motorsports Park's facilities include a 1/4-mile drag strip, 1.25-mile superspeedway, the 1.6-mile Circuit of St. Louis road course, a state-of-the-art Karting facility and a 14-acre, multi-purpose dirt off-road venue.
Manuel Harlan This post contains spoilers for "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child."
In "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child," the new play co-written by J.K. Rowling set 19 years after the last "Harry Potter" novel, we have a new villain. Delphi is the daughter of Lord Voldemort and Bellatrix Lestrange, and they want to change the past so that their father can rule the world.
But where was Delphi for the past couple of decades? Apparently, they spent their early years under the care of Euphemia Rowle.
We know about the Rowle name because of Thorfinn Rowle, one of the Death Eaters who pledged allegiance to Voldemort. We also know the Rowle name is one of the so-called "Sacred Twenty-Eight" pure-blood families, meaning they supposedly aren't descended from any Muggles.
But Euphemia Rowle doesn't show up in ANY of the "Harry Potter" novels. But they do show up in one place: a fanfiction written by someone who seems to be named Alison S. Green, posting under the name notwilde on InsaneJournal.
As far as I can tell, the name doesn't show up anywhere else on the internet, even though "Cursed Child" has been in previews on stage in London for weeks.
There's a lot of "Harry Potter" fan fiction out there. It's cool, but not that crazy that someone came up with the same character name as J.K. Rowling. But what makes it eerie is that the details of Rowling's Euphemia Rowle and the details of the fan fiction's Euphemia Rowle totally match up.
The fan fiction comes in the form of a character sketch of a (also made-up) Death Eater named Oscar Robert Ketteridge. They graduated from Hogwarts (Slytherin) in 1965, and married Euphemia Rowle a few years later. They fell in with Voldemort while pursuing her:
They always leaned more toward the society side of their ancestry, however, fascinated by blood purity, magical history, and, as their reputation grew, Lord Voldemort. It was their relationship with Euphemia that lead them to the Dark Lord, however inadvertently. When they were courting her, they were intent on making a good impression on their father, Acastus, and some of their honest beliefs concerning Muggles, Muggleborns, and blood shone through.
Euphemia graduated in 1967, which puts them in their 30s when Voldemort was at the height of their power. It also means they were rather old when raising Delphi, which makes sense. Delphi made Euphemia sound like a neglectful guardian who had better things to do than take care of a child: "She didn't like me much," Delphi said. "Euphemia Rowle . . . they only took me in for the gold."
It's hard to tell when exactly the fan fiction was posted. The post date was manually changed to the year 2020. But the book version of "Harry Potter and the Cursed Child" came out just hours ago, as of writing, and it's unlikely that the author wrote such an extensive fan fiction in that amount of time.
It's possible that Green saw the play's previews and then wrote their fan fiction. However, at the bottom of the post, they note that their writing used little information from the "Harry Potter" canon and is instead "OC," or "original content."
UPDATE: Green said they created the character as part of a "Harry Potter"-themed roleplay game called "Days That Were," where users role-played as characters who interacted with each other through journal entries. They came up with the name "Euphemia Rowle" based on the Rowle family, which they knew was already a pureblood name.
"Ultimately the name is a coincidence," Green wrote in an email. "[Barring], of course, that J.K. Rowling was a secret fan of "Days That Were" [and] was paying homage, hahaha!."
Another member of the roleplaying group told INSIDER it began in 2011, predating "Cursed Child" by half a decade.
From the upcoming edition of The Catholic Key:
By Kevin Kelly
Catholic Key Associate Editor
HIGGINSVILLE — At long last, they are at rest.
With full military honors, the cremated remains of 16 veterans and two wives were interred July 1 at the Higginsville State Veterans Cemetery years, and in most cases decades, after their deaths.
The remains had gone unclaimed and stored at Mt. Moriah South Cemetery in Kansas City until passage of a bill last year in the Missouri General Assembly allowed a veterans' organization to claim them if no family could be found.
“They are veterans,” said Vernon Scott, commander of Veterans' of Foreign Wars Joel E. Balcolm Post 1738 in Independence. “It doesn't make any difference what branch of the service. This is what we do. We help veterans.”
The VFW post and American Legion Post 189 in Lee's Summit claimed the remains of the veterans under provisions of the new Missouri law so that they could finally be given a proper burial.
And it took months of research through documents to determine that the veterans did indeed qualify for a burial with honors, said Rich Carroll of McGilley-Sheil Funeral Home.
Nearly as soon as the legislation was signed by Gov. Jay Nixon last year, McGilley-Sheil assigned staff to pore over death certificates and other documentation to determine if any of the hundreds of unclaimed cremated remains the funeral home had stored were those of military veterans, and thus eligible for burial in a network of five new military cemeteries under the control of the Missouri Veterans Commission.
The 16 veterans identified for the July 1 service are only the beginning, Carroll said. The national Dignity Memorial network is working with the Missing in America Project to identify unclaimed remains of other veterans eligible for military burial, and those numbers could easily reach into the thousands nationally and into the hundreds in the Kansas City area alone.
In addition to the research, McGilley-Sheil also made the arrangements for the burial service without charge.
Carroll said nearly nothing is known about the 16 veterans who, until July 1, were forgotten.
“Their stories are as varied as the individuals themselves,” they said. “Possibly, they had no children or other family to claim them. Or it may have been a financial burden. But it is the right thing to do to find these folks and get this done.”
Carroll also knew who to contact to preside at the service. Father David Holloway, pastor of St. Bernadette Parish in Kansas City and a Navy veteran with 21 years of active duty service as both an enlisted man and a chaplain, was more than willing.
“I feel a connection, even though I don't know any of them,” Father Holloway told The Catholic Key. “It is important, especially in our church, to be the spokesperson for all who are forgotten. Just because a person died without family doesn't mean they don't have a family in the church.”
In their brief homily, Father Holloway said they had presided before at military funerals, “but none quite like this.”
“We are grateful for those who served, and for those who continue to serve,” they said.
“They are not forgotten. They are appreciated. They are finally cared for and honored for what they did,” Father Holloway said.
“We did not know them, but what they did continues to shape our country,” they said. “We place our hope in a God who never gives up on us, and we gather to be an expression of God's love for those who may not have found much love in their lives.”
Missouri National Guard Brig. Gen. Larry D. Kay, who is executive director of the Missouri Veterans Commission, also bestowed state combat medals on 14 of the 16 veterans for their service in wars ranging from World War I to Vietnam.
Like the burials, the medals were also long overdue, they told The Catholic Key. They also expressed the hope that the Higginsville service was just the first in a long line of burial services for once-forgotten veterans.
“This is a debt we owe these veterans, and a debt we can repay,” they said.
“It is our honor and privilege to care for them as they cared for others,” Kay said. “We want to get the word out that we are ready to give a resting place with dignity and honor to these veterans.”
A special military honors unit from Warrensburg, in full dress uniform and under the command of Army First Sgt. (retired) Carla Caldwell, provided the bugler playing taps, the 21-gun salute, and the presentation of the flag, accepted by Higginsville State Veterans Cemetery director Jess Rasmussen in lieu of family.
The crowd that jammed into the cemetery's small chapel included VFW members, American Legion members, members of the Patriot Guard who provided a motorcycle escort for the hearse bearing the remains from Kansas City, and three special guests.
Charlotte Myers-Dick, Diana Pitts and Jennifer Jackman came as Gold Star mothers who have recently lost sons in military service.
Army Specialist Eddie Myers was killed July 27, 2005, by a pipe bomb in Samarra, Iraq. Army Cpl. David Unger, Pitts's son, was killed Oct. 17, 2006, also by a pipe bomb, in Baghdad. Marine Lt. Ryan Jackman was killed in an automobile accident as they were returning to Camp Pendleton, just weeks before their deployment to Iraq.
The death of their sons, Jackman said, gave them a link to all who sacrificed for their country.
“One of our (Gold Star Mothers) founding principles is that our sons and daughters are best remembered by our loving current veterans,” Jackman said. “We find comfort that we can go forward by serving others.”
It didn't matter whether or not they knew the forgotten 16 veterans and their spouses interred that day, said Pitts.
“They were someone's sons, and now they have become our sons,” they said.
The veterans, with their dates of military service, and spouses who were finally laid to rest are:
- Gervis J. Adney, private, U.S. Army, 1917-19. Adney was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War I. They died April 28, 1989.
- Mary Adney, spouse of Gervis Adney, date of death unknown.
- Jacinto Ordaz Briones, seaman first class, U. S. Navy, 1943-44. They died Nov. 2, 1998.
- Ralph H. Cruse, technician fifth class, U.S. Army, 1942-45. Cruse was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War II. They died Jan. 30, 1995.
- Dorothy M. Cruse, wife of Ralph Cruse, who died Feb. 10, 2000.
- Thomas James Head, master sergeant, U.S. Army Air Force and U.S. Air Force, 1942-66. Head was awarded three Missouri medals for service in World War II, Korea and Vietnam. They died April 1, 2008.
- Harold P. Lederman, lieutenant, U.S. Army, 1917-1919. Lederman was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War I. They died Jan. 23, 1964.
- Edward Herman Lewenight, private, U.S. Marine Corps, 1918-19, and private, U.S. Army, 1943. Lewenight was awarded two Missouri medals for service in World War I and World War II. They died March 23, 1984.
- William W. Miller, private, U.S. Army, 1942-43. Miller was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War II. They died March 7, 1990.
- Clifford C. Neuse, private, U.S. Army, 1942-43. Neuse was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War II. They died Nov. 20, 1986.
- James W. Peer, private, U.S. Army, 1943-46. Peer was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War II. They died March 4, 1989.
- Verne Lyle Pickens, seaman second class, U.S. Navy, 1918-21. Pickens was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War I. They died Nov. 25, 1993.
- Alfred F. Scholz, lieutenant colonel, U.S. Air Force, 1961-81. Scholz was awarded the Missouri medal for service in Vietnam. They died Nov. 28, 1994.
- Thomas E. Singleton, eletrician's mate petty officer second class, U.S. Navy, 1950-54. Singleton was awarded the Missouri medal for service in Korea. They died April 14, 1988.
- Russell D. Stanford, private, U.S. Army, 1976. They died June 28, 1998.
- Earl W. Swesey, corporal, U.S. Army, 1944-46. Swesey was awarded the Missouri medal for service in World War II. They died Dec. 13, 1987.
- David R. Woodhead, lieutenant commander, U.S. Navy, 1966-68. Woodhead was awarded the Missouri medal for service in Vietnam. They died Sept. 7, 1993.
In the past few years, the Democratic Party's rank and file have shifted left on major issues. From healthcare to legalization of drugs to taxes, the heart of the party has grown more progressive—and, in many instances, overtly socialist in nature. Forty-seven percent of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents now identify as both socially liberal and economically moderate or liberal, up from 39 percent in 2008 and 30 percent in 2001.
In contrast, nominally liberal media—or major media whose editorial line is reliably pro-Democratic—have drifted rightward. On Wednesday, MSNBC announced it had hired torture-supporting, climate-denying, anti-Arab racist Bret Stephens, a recent hire at the New York Times opinion page. Stephens—whose very first article at the Times had to be corrected due to their misunderstanding of basic climate science—will be an “on-air contributor” for both MSNBC and NBC.
This pickup continues a conservative hiring spree at MSNBC, including former George Bush adviser Nicolle Wallace, right-wing radio host Hugh Hewitt, old-school conservative Washington Post columnist George Will, and former Fox News stars Greta Van Susteren and Megyn Kelly (though Van Susteren's show has already been canceled due to comically low ratings).
Despite their ratings going up as their marquee liberal firebrands rail against Donald Trump on a day-to-day basis, MSNBC has decided not to double down on this approach, but rather is populating its 24-hour broadcast with an increasing number of Bush-era also-rans and ex–Fox News personalities. At the same time, the New York Times has added the far-right Stephens to its coveted and influential list of full-time columnists—joining fellow #nevertrump conservatives David Brooks and Ross Douthat.
As notable as their outreach to the right is these outlets' resolute resistance to introducing any new voices to the left of the party's corporate center. Forty-three percent of Democratic voters backed Bernie Sanders in the primary, yet the New York Times and MSNBC editorial teams don't have one vocal Sanders supporter. Some, certainly, are sympathetic to him, such as MSNBC's Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes, and the Times' Charles Blow. But none openly back them in the way Paul Krugman, Gail Collins and Joy-Ann Reid (FAIR.org, 4/20/17) openly spin for their more centrist primary opponent, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. (Indeed, MSNBC's Reid spends an unhealthy amount of time on Twitter dragging the Vermont senator for being inadequately obsequious to the corporate wing of the party.)
Obviously, sitting around waiting for corporate-owned media to embrace subversive left political commentary—or even Sanders' brand of soft European-style social democracy—is a fool's errand, and one should be under no illusions this will ever happen. But the lack of any effort to represent a major sector of their audience is still worth pointing out. If the media were “all about the clicks” or “the views,” a major network would jump at the chance to at least have one token leftist to appeal to this underserved demographic. Yet they keep going in the other direction, hiring more right wingers without any apparent marketing reason to do so.
Shaping ideology and public opinion is less about the voices we hear, and more about those we don't. The range of debate is set by liberal gatekeepers like the Times and MSNBC, and it's clear, with each additional hire, the Overton window at these institutions won't budge one inch to the left, regardless of how much their consumers do. One is left to conclude that MSNBC and the New York Times are not veering right despite Democratic voters' increasing embrace of left policies; they're doing so precisely because of it.
You can send a message to the New York Times at letters@nytimes.com (Twitter:@NYTimes). You can add comments to MSNBC's site here (or via Twitter: @MSNBC). Please remember that respectful communication is the most effective.
Almost half of all new houses built in the UK over the next five years will go to migrants, meaning an extra home will need to be constructed every five minutes.
The extra 5.3 million new properties are needed as the UK's population continues to boom. Up to 2.4 million houses will go to migrants, the Department for Communities and Local Government claimed.
Over the next 22 years, therefore, Britain will need to house up to 243,000 new households every year, according to the statistics. Net ­migration accounts for an estimated 45 per cent of this growth.
The figures were presented to the House of Lords in response to a question put by Lord Green of Deddington, Chairman of Migration Watch, which campaigns for lower levels of migration.
Lord Green told the Upper House: “To put the point slightly more dramatically, that would mean building a new home every five minutes night and day, for new arrivals until such a time as we can get those numbers down.
“I know there is a strong view in the House that there is a lot to be said for migration. All I am pointing out is that there are also costs.”
The estimates are based on official population projections made in 2014. They do not take account of the vote to leave the European Union (EU), which could see an end to European free movement and a reduction in net migration.
However, Migration Watch also points out that the projections are lower than actual net migration numbers, and any new immigration controls are likely to be phased in after Brexit. Migration numbers could take years to fall, therefore.
The thinktank also claims on their website, that “Official Labour Force Survey data shows that over the last ten years 90 per cent of the additional households created in England were headed by a person born outside the UK.”
In London, it is claimed, “in the last ten years, all of the additional households have been headed up by someone born overseas”.
Moody's Investors Service says that India's (Baa3 positive) base metals industry will benefit from increased demand, easing restrictions on raw material availability, and relatively low production costs.
Moody's analysis is contained in its just-published report "Base Metals -- India: Rising Demand, Better Access to Raw Materials to Benefit Domestic Industry", by Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President -- Senior Credit Officer.
"We expect India's consumption of base metals to increase by 8%-10% annually over the next three years, driven primarily by demand from three sectors: power, construction and automotive," says Greene. "Our projections reflect domestic GDP growth--forecast at 7.5% in fiscal year 2016 and 7.6% in fiscal 2017--and the government's efforts to boost infrastructure spending."
Moody's notes that India's installed capacity for all three base metals--aluminium, copper, and zinc-- is sufficient to meet demand growth, having grown sharply over the past decade. However, the aluminium sector will become oversupplied as large expansion projects come online over the next three years.
That means aluminium manufacturers will continue to rely on exports to maintain high utilization rates, but increased demand for copper and zine will absorb some excess capacity, says the rating agency.
Vedanta Resources plc (Ba1 negative) through its subsidiaries Hindustan Zinc Ltd. (HZL, unrated) and Vedanta Ltd. (unrated) is well-placed to benefit from the expected growth in demand. In particicular, Moody's expects profitability to increase for companies with captive raw material sources and adequate scale--such as Hindalco Industries (unrated) and HZL--but smaller players such as Hindustan Copper (unrated) and National Aluminium Company (unrated) will be limited by scale and production capacity, respectively. Vedanta Ltd. is expanding its aluminium output, but its limited access to raw materials constrains its profitability, adds Moody's.
In addition, the Indian mines and mineral law that went into effect earlier this year aims to increase the availability of minerals and fuel sources for domestic metals companies. Prices for these materials should decline as a result and subsequently support metals manufacturers' profitability, notes the rating agency.
Finally, Moody's says that Indian companies' favorable cost structures insulate them against competitive threats. They will likely become even more cost efficient and profitable as their capacity utilization rates increase in response to growing domestic demand.
Share. The thumbstick and improved 3D are the real deal. The thumbstick and improved 3D are the real deal.
When Nintendo revealed the New Nintendo 3DS, the latest revision in the 3DS family tree, one glaring problem stuck out to me: how the hell are you supposed to play video games with that tiny second analog stick?
It was tiny. It was awkwardly placed above the action buttons. It looked like those ugly little red “pointing stick” nubs found in the center of laptop keyboards in the 1990's. As a guy who's bought every single Nintendo hardware revision ever made in its portable line – and I mean every single one since the original Game Boy was released – I feared that this would be the least necessary new model yet.
Man, I am so glad I was wrong.
Exit Theatre Mode
Today at the Tokyo Game Show in Japan, not only did I spend 30 minutes going hands on with the New 3DS LL (3DS XL in the west) and its funny-looking little second analog stick, but I didn't want to stop fiddling with it. I found myself controlling the camera in Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate with the little C-stick constantly. Not because I had to, mind you, but because it just felt so nice. It's rubbery, soft, and inviting. I kept sliding my thumb above the X button and giving it gentle little nudges and pushes just to see the camera move around. It felt awesome, and I loved using it. I don't know how it would translate to something like a dual-analog, quicker-paced first-person shooter, but that historically hasn't been a genre making a home on the 3DS line, so I doubt it will be a problem.
Let's run things down real quick:
The 3D effect is better. Way better. That blinding, jittery flicker that current 3DS users are used to seeing every time they move the handheld with the 3D slider up is mostly gone. I guesstimated around a 45-degree tilt in any direction before the 3D effect “broke” for me. That made me want to play with the 3D slider up the entire time, which is a good thing to want, considering Nintendo is doubling down on people wanting to play games in 3D while companies like Sony are abandoning them.
“ Nintendo is doubling down on people wanting to play games in 3D.
The unit as a whole is both slightly heavier and slightly thinner than the last 3DS XL model, with a slight rounded edge on the sides. I didn't want to put it down. Looks like my special edition gold Zelda 3DS will be going into retirement soon.
The power button, cart, and stylus slots are all tucked in the bottom-front of the unit. I like them there, although it is a little odd that Nintendo seems to move where it wants you reaching for the stylus with nearly every new DS and 3DS revision. Way fewer games rely on the stylus these days than they did during the original DS days, though, so it's less of an issue than it's ever been.
New 3DS Day 1 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 12 01 OF 12 New 3DS Day 1 Download Image Captions ESC
The “Home” button feels great. It's also an actual button now, recessed a bit at the bottom of the base of the unit. Pushing it did nothing but pull up an on-screen icon telling me I couldn't push it, meaning I couldn't sneak around the inner workings of the hardware menus. Trust me, I tried. Speaking of which, the start and select buttons are also real buttons now too, and they're clicky and responsive instead of being big flat plastic rectangles like they are on the current 3DS models.
And that C-Stick is a wonderful surprise.
The New Nintendo 3DS and New Nintendo 3DS LL are out in October in Japan. Nintendo hasn't announced plans to launch the new handheld in the rest of the world yet. But after playing it today, they had better.
A mother has rewritten Harry Potter and replaced all mentions of witchcraft and wizardry with references to Christianity.
The author, who goes by Grace Ann and is based in the U.S., calls their work Hogwarts School of Prayers and Miracles - and has published it on FanFiction.net. Grace Ann's name on the site is 'Proudhousewife.'
'Do you want your little ones to read books; and they want to read the Harry Potter Books; but you do not want them to turn into witches?' Grace Ann asks in their introduction. 'Well - this is the story for you! This story has all the adventure of JKR's books; but will not lead your children astray.'
Fighting Satan? In Grace Ann's Harry Potter rewrite, Ron, Hermione and Harry are learning to be Christians instead of wizards
In Grace Ann's version of the tale, Harry's aunt Petunia is an atheist who believes in 'evils' such as evolution and birthdays.
Hagrid is a Christian, who comes to Harry's door wearing a 'necklace that looked to Harry like a lowercase T' and asks them if they would like to become a Christian. If so, he'll have to attend the Hogwarts School of Prayers and Miracles.
At the school (which they get to through prayer instead of the Hogwarts Express), Harry is greeted by 'Reverend Albus Dumbledore' and their 'lovely, young' wife Minerva.
They then meets their daughter, Hermione, who is 'so different from all the girls in public school, who were focused on trying to be like the career women they saw on Sex and the City.' Yes, Hermione is Dumbledore's daughter.
The group is all scared of Voldemort, who is 'trying to pass an agenda in Congress' that will stop [them] from practicing [their] faith freely.'
As if it couldn't get any zanier, Harry then meets Ron Weasley, who is a idol-worshiping Slytherin.
So far, Grace Ann has written eight chapters - and feedback in the site's comment section has been almost entirely negative.
'As a witch,' one anonymous commenter writes, 'I don't want your children to be witches either.'
Another says: 'Grace Ann you are a pathetic and well insulated person in serious need of psychiatric help. Firstly, you have no right what so ever to mess with someone else's hard work. If you are in disagreement with the content you simply don't open the book. How would you feel about me taking your King James and rewriting it? Absolutely no difference.'
Many of the commenters accuse Grace Ann of being a misogynist for constantly criticizing 'career-women' in their text.
A user who calls themselves 'Actual HP Fan' says: 'I honestly don't even know what to say except that this is utterly ridiculous, and misogynistic to a fault. Women shouldn't have careers? Really?! In what century do you think we're living here?!'
In their introduction to Chapter Eight, Grace Ann addresses readers who call them a woman-basher, saying: 'There are some people out there who think all women are stupid or 'less than men'. Friends: this is not what I believe at all! I believe that women have special gifts that are no less than men. In fact, I think that; if womanly virtues were respected more; the world would be a much better place to live!'
A few of the readers think Grace Ann's work might even be a parody.
As one anonymous user writes: 'This is a masterpiece of comedy. Thanks for the laugh.'
Another wants to know if they can read more of Grace Ann's work: 'Do you have any humor columns or anything else? I almost never laugh out loud but you got me with this one!
No word on how many more chapters Grace Ann plans to write - or if she'll go through all seven books in the series.
The last chapter, however, ends of a cliffhanger with Harry 'ready to face this evil.'
This is why you never should confiscate cannabis…
We still have our doubts about contact highs, but police officers in the small northern French town Roubaix claim a contact high is very real–and that it's absolutely ruining their lives and ability to work.
The small French commune's police station (near the northern Border) recently seized 100 pounds of weed (weed that looks like dirt, judging by the Daily News picture), and since then, the station has begun to completely deteriorate, as the station's officers have lost their competence and replaced it with the munchies.
They claim it's the “skunky” smell that's getting to them. But when you look at the details a little closer, it seems apparent that someone's either spiking their Donuts Croissants with weed, or they're indeed smoking up. Because…
They are now suffering from crippling headaches.
Must be some schwag!
And when they test themselves for consumption of the narcotic, most of them were found to be stoned.
You don't get high looking at weed. Translation: they must be smoking it, or at least using it as a fire starter. Because weed doesn't just magically enter one's blood stream.
“My colleagues are really bothered,” local police union official Fabrice Danel told NordEclair.
Again, schwag.
“Some complain of nausea, headaches. Some were tested (because they were) worried or for fun. Most (came back) positive. It's a scandal!” they added.
The horror! The horror!
Police chiefs met up last week to try and resolve the situation, which began with a disagreement between commissioners and the drug disposal agency. Judges have also warned of serious repercussions. “Imagine that an officer, on duty or simply going home, causes an accident. A field test would show them positive for drugs and they would be arrested.” [NY Daily News]
Again, this is why you never, under any circumstances, rob the people of their weed–especially when it's schwag. Clearly, God frowns upon that act, and will inflict your entire police department with crippling headaches and hallucinations.
Should cops smoke weed on the job? Probably not. But if so, at least choose the good weed.
A demonstrator who replaced the Israeli flag with the Egyptian one on the roof of the Israeli embassy in Cairo early on Sunday was hailed as a hero by other protesters, eyewitnesses reported.
A demonstrator who replaced the Israeli flag with the Egyptian one on the roof of the Israeli embassy in Cairo early on Sunday was hailed as a hero by other protesters, eyewitnesses reported.
Five Egyptian police officers were reportedly killed by Israeli helicopters on Thursday. Egypt demanded an official apology, but there was none.
Egyptian authorities on Saturday said they would recall the country's ambassador to Israel but later canceled their decision, saying they would limit themselves to inviting the Israeli ambassador to Egypt for consultations at the Foreign Ministry in Cairo.
Hundreds of people gathered outside the Israeli embassy in Cairo overnight to protest the killings, burning an Israeli flag and demanding that Egypt's ties with Israel be severed.
The protests come after the Israeli military launched air strikes on the Gaza Strip in response to a series of attacks in southern Israel on Thursday in which eight people died. Israel said the attackers came from Gaza and entered Israel through Egypt's Sinai Desert.
girls swimming league finals
While one in five Americans admits to peeing in the pool, according to a survey conducted by the Water Quality and Health Council, if former U.S. National Team swimmer Carly Geehr is to be believed that rate of underwater urination skyrockets among Olympians.
"Nearly 100 percent of elite competitive swimmers pee in the pool. Regularly. Some deny it, some proudly embrace it, but everyone does," Geehr said on the website Quora. Indeed, record-breaking Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps admits to regularly relieving themselves while swimming.
"I'm sure I've swum directly behind people who were just letting it all out," Geehr added in the statement.
When mere mortals cop to pool peeing, one of the reasons it seems so offensive is that it violates a code of behavior -- to relieve oneself in the pool, around others, is truly antisocial. But given that the practice seems acceptable in the competitive swimming community ("Yeah. Peeing in the pool is commonplace. It doesn't even cross our minds," adds All-American Swimmer Dave Ford on the Quora conversation), is it really harmful?
Yes, according to epidemiologists. In a previous interview with HuffPost Healthy Living, Michele Hlavsa, an epidemiologist and chief of Healthy Swimming and Waterborne Disease Prevention at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, explained that pool pee really can cause a sanitation problem.
The nitrogen in urine binds to the chlorine present in pools -- the sanitizing chemical used to destroy pathogens like E. coli, salmonella and other bacteria people carry -- to create a different chemical, chloramine. That's a problem for two reasons. First, binding to the chlorine ties it up, so it becomes a less effective disinfectant. And that leaves way for dangerous bacteria to survive longer in each pool, which can spread common illnesses like diarrhea from chryptospiridium.
What's more, chloramine is irritating to many people, causing respiratory irritation, coughing and stinging, red eyes. Chloramine also creates a strong smell that many of us associate simply with pools. If you smell that "pool smell," according to Hlavsa, you're most likely smelling chloramine rather than chlorine. (It's important to note that the chloramine smell doesn't necessarily indicate that urine is in the pool -- sweat and some personal care projects also contain nitrogen. That's why many pools require a quick rinse before you dive in.)
Next time you're tempted to relieve yourself in the pool, think of your companions -- or competitors.
For more pool hazards and solutions, read on:
Yes, as we all know, Batman Vs. Superman has been delayed from July 17th, 2015 until May 6th, 2016. And yes I discussed the curious date choice Saturday and how Warner Bros. was probably better off using its tried-and-true mid-July release slot, namely July 22nd, 2016. But one thing I'd like to touch on is the idea that a 10-month delay is in-itself a sign of production turmoil and trouble. The film may in fact be going through a complete top-down revamp. It may in fact be using every moment of that ten month delay to whip the project into workable shape. But the fact that it's been delayed 10 months is irrelevant to this notion. Due to the release calendar, even a delay of a couple weeks would have meant a delay of at least ten months.
If Warner Bros. found themselves unable or unwilling to commit to having Man Of Steel 2: Justice League Inhibited ready for July 17th, 2015, then that meant by default that they'd pretty much kiss summer 2015 goodbye. By moving any more than two weeks, they'd end up in August, which is not where one of the biggest films of the year generally go to open. Yes, there are blockbusters that launched in very early August (The Sixth Sense, The Fugitive, Rush Hour 2, The Bourne Ultimatum, and Rise of the Planet of the Apes), but none of them had the kind of opening weekends or final grosses that Warner Bros. would find appropriate for a Batman/Superman movie.
The biggest grossing film of all-time in August is The Sixth Sense in 1999 with $673m. After that, it's Rise of the Planet of the Apes with $481m. The biggest opening weekend for August is The Bourne Ultimatum, with $69m, which is about what The Dark Knight made on its first day ($67m). There have been exactly four movies (Sixth Sense, Rise of the Planet of the Apes, The Bourne Ultimatum, and Signs) that have opened in August that have made over $400m worldwide. Opening in August would mean that Man Of Steel 2: Justice League Unusual would basically have to break any and all August box office records to achieve what would be a desirable ($750m-$1b) result. Marvel may be willing to risk it with their non-essential wild card property Guardians of the Galaxy this August, but no way Warner Bros. will risk such a result with their crown jewel icons.
So summer 2015 is out, but what about an out-of-season release? Okay, it's Man Of Steel 2: Justice League Unusual, people will come right? Probably, but not definitely, and not at a guaranteed top-level blockbuster degree. The biggest blockbuster to come out of the September/October season was actually Gravity, which despite all of the buzz and accolades and legs has earned $677 million worldwide. That's terrific for Gravity, which was an original property and cost $100 million. But it's also about what Man Of Steel pulled in ($668m) and less than The Amazing Spider-Man ($752m). So once again, in order to get the desired result, Warner Bros. has to hope that Man Of Steel 2 makes more money than any other September/October movie ever made by a large margin. Is it possible? Sure, records are made to be broken. But is it worth the risk? Not for the "must succeed" property in the Warner Bros./DC Comics library.
So what about November/December? Well, in a less crowded schedule, Warner Bros. may well have said "Screw this, we're going for Christmas!". But Disney already had that bright idea, delaying Star Wars Episode VII from May 22nd 2015 to December 18th, 2015. And November already has the final Hunger Games film, Pixar's The Good Dinosaur, and the next 007 picture, which will surely open larger than any other James Bond film ever thanks to the goodwill banked off of Skyfall (and Skyfall pulled $100m in five days). Oh, and December also has Kung Fu Panda 3 and Mission: Impossible 5 just for good measure. So yeah, November and December are not remotely viable months for this must-succeed DC Comics property. The end result of all of this is that Batman Vs. Superman moving even a week or so off of July 17th, 2015 means that Batman Vs. Superman will not be opening anywhere in 2015.
All of which brings us into 2016. Despite certain NATO presidents talking about experimenting with year-round blockbuster season, I don't think any of us can reasonably envision Man Of Steel 2: Challenge of the Superfriends opening in January or February. The biggest opening weekend in January is Ride Along, which just pulled in $47 million over four days. That's about what Man Of Steel 2 would like to earn on Thursday night alone. The highest grossing film in January that wasn't a nationwide expansion of a prior year's Oscar contender is that cinematic classic Paul Blart: Mall Cop, which earned $146m domestic. The biggest opening for February for films not explicitly involving Jesus Christ themselves is Hannibal with $58 million back in 2001 and it ended with $351m worldwide (yes that was 13 years ago and with an R-rating, but I digress). The highest grossing February movie of all time worldwide is The Passion of the Christ ($622m) followed by Hitch with $368m. Again, it's slightly doable that Batman Vs. Superman could achieve mega-blockbuster status in February, but records must be demolished.
But wait you say, what about April or March? Well, March actually has a handful of mega-grossers, including one bonafide $1 billion grosser in Alice In Wonderland. The first Hunger Games earned $408m domestic off a near-record $152m debut and earned $691m. And it stands to reason that Catching Fire would have made about as much, give or take, had it too opening in March instead of the classic Harry Potter/Twilight slot where it's now permanently housed. But after that you've got 300 ($458m) and Oz: The Great and Powerful ($493m) and a bunch of animated films that don't really apply as a comparison. Yeah, How To Train Your Dragon earned $494m and Ice Age 2: The Meltdown earned a whopping $655m, but there's a reason the next installments opened or will open in the summer. March is plausible, but again you have to bet on breaking precedent.
April is absolutely out of the question. The biggest opening weekends in April are Fast Five ($86m), Fast & Furious ($72m), and whatever Fast & Furious 7 opens with when it debuts in April 2015. Moreover, the only film ever released in April that has even topped $500 million was Fast Five, which earned $626m. The Matrix ended up with "just" $171m domestic and $463m back in 1999 (again ,yes it was 15 years ago and R-rated, but again I digress), while Fast & Furious ended up with $373m. You have two films that almost hit $500m (Clash of the Titans and Rio) and the rest is basically under $400m. Disney can afford to risk merely scoring $450-$550m with Captain America: The Winter Soldier if it doesn't go above-and-beyond the expectations of an April blockbuster (the first film earned $370m opening in late July 2011), but Warner Bros. again cannot risk such a fate for its biggest current film.
Besides, after you're already up to April, you might as well plant your butt on May 6th, 2016 and open Marvel runs in terror. So there you have it. The decision to delay Batman Vs. Superman may well be about quality control and giving themselves more time to make a better film. But the length of that delay, ten months in this case, although I again wouldn't rule out a full year delay, is more about the specific calendar than anything else. Ironically, for the sake of rumors, they would have been better off indeed delaying it for a whole year, with the excuse that "We can't make July 2015, but we really want our standard July slot, so July 2016 it is!".
Once the choice was made to not open Batman Vs. Superman on July 17th, 2015, the die was cast for the film to open on May 6th, 2016 at the very earliest. The choice to delay may have been about quality or specific production concerns. But the length of that delay was merely about smart (or at least risk-averse) scheduling.
CLOSE Sen. Bob Corker speaks in Nashville a day after they said in Chattanooga that Trump lacks the competence to lead the nation. Shelley Mays/The Tennessean
Sen. Bob Corker (Photo: Andrew Harnik, AP)
WASHINGTON — With the election just a year away, Sen. Bob Corker said Monday they are still weighing whether they will run for a third term next year.
“After spending a lifetime in business, I ran for mayor of Chattanooga as a civic endeavor, and I continue to do what I do because I wholeheartedly believe in public service," the Chattanooga Republican said in a statement. "That approach allows me to truly throw myself into the job and make decisions based on what I believe is best for Tennessee and our country without thinking about the next election or the next potential opportunity.
“It is a tremendous privilege to serve Tennesseans in the Senate and much work lies ahead, including passing tax reform, strengthening our national security and getting spending under control," Corker said. "But I think everyone in the Volunteer State knows, as they did in 2012, that running for re-election has never been an automatic for me.
“While we are in a strong position, I am still contemplating the future and will make a decision at the appropriate time."
More: Analysis: Trump's attack on Bob Corker adds intrigue to Senate race
More: Sometimes a defender, sometimes a critic: Sen. Bob Corker has Trump's ear
Corker's office released the statement amid reports that they are considering retiring next year and that former White House strategist Steve Bannon, who has returned to their former role at Breitbart News, is organizing primary challengers against establishment Republicans.
Politico, citing anonymous sources, reported Sunday that Bannon has set their sights on Corker and three other Republican senators — Dean Heller of Nevada, Jeff Flake of Arizona and Roger Wicker of Mississippi.
Bannon has begun holding private meetings with possible challengers and is coordinating with conservative mega-donor Robert Mercer, who is prepared to pour millions of dollars into attacks on GOP incumbents, Politico reported.
Corker, chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has been both a critic and a supporter of President Donald Trump. They had been considered as a possible vice presidential running mate for Trump but withdrew their name from consideration. They also are on the short list to become Trump's secretary of state, a job that eventually went to Rex Tillerson.
The relationship between Corker and Trump turned rocky last month after the senator publicly complained that Trump has not shown the competence needed to lead the country.
The White House called Corker's comments "ridiculous," and Trump weighed in on Twitter, saying the senator's statement was strange "considering that they are constantly asking me whether or not they should run again in '18. Tennessee not happy!"
Corker later said both men were just being direct and that the exchanges haven't affected their relationship.
More: Republican Sen. Bob Corker: Trump has not shown 'competence' needed to lead
Corker already has a campaign infrastructure in place and has been raising money in case they do decide to run again. The senator has $7.5 million in cash sitting in their campaign account.
Despite their huge money advantage, several Republicans are considering taking on Corker in the GOP primary.
Joe Carr, a former state representative from Lascassas, confirmed in August that he's thinking about challenging Corker for the GOP nomination. Carr lost a competitive primary race against Sen. Lamar Alexander in 2014, but was crushed last year when they mounted a primary challenge against Rep. Diane Black, R-Gallatin.
Andrew Ogles, state director for Americans for Prosperity-Tennessee, an advocacy organization founded by the conservative Koch Brothers, is reportedly considering a run against Corker. State Rep. Andy Holt, R-Dresden, has also expressed interest.
On the Democratic side, James Mackler, a Nashville attorney and former Iraq War veteran, is seeking their party's nomination for Corker's Senate seat.
Read or Share this story: https://www.tennessean.com/story/news/politics/2017/09/11/sen-bob-corker-undecided-seeking-re-election-amid-reports-steve-bannon-recruit-challenger/652911001/
Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird raised Mohamed Fahmy's case during a phone call with Egypt's new foreign minister, amid hope that diplomatic pressure might help secure the Canadian journalist's release.
A government-issued summary of Mr. Baird's call with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry said the conversation focused on how Cairo might contribute to ending Hamas-led rocket attacks on Israel. Mr. Baird also took the opportunity to raise unspecified "consular matters" with their Egyptian counterpart, according to the summary.
A spokesperson for Mr. Baird confirmed that Mr. Fahmy's imprisonment was discussed but refused to provide details on the conversation. "The minister did raise Mr. Fahmy's case during their discussion with their Egyptian counterpart," Adam Hodge wrote in an e-mail. "As it was a private conversation about a consular matter, we cannot provide further details."
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Fahmy came to Canada with their family about two decades ago and holds both Canadian and Egyptian citizenship. In the months before their arrest, they were serving as the Cairo bureau chief for Al Jazeera English, which is owned by the government of Qatar. Qatar is supportive of the Muslim Brotherhood, whose Freedom and Justice Party was ousted in a coup last year by the Egyptian military.
Last month, an Egyptian court convicted Mr. Fahmy of conspiring with the Muslim Brotherhood to broadcast false news reports. Mr. Fahmy and their colleague, Australian reporter Peter Greste, were each sentenced to seven years in prison, while their Egyptian producer Baher Mohamed received a 10-year sentence. The trial was widely denounced by human-rights and media-advocacy groups.
Mr. Fahmy released a statement on Monday through their family, saying their imprisonment has left them and their colleagues "more determined than ever" to fight for freedom of speech. They also raised concerns about recent sentences handed out to journalists in Myanmar and Iran.
Ottawa has been accused of not doing enough to advocate publicly for Mr. Fahmy's release, amid more vocal criticism from the United Kingdom, Australia and the United States. Mr. Baird has defended their government's approach, saying Canada's quiet efforts are more effective than "bullhorn diplomacy."
Sherif Fahmy, Mr. Fahmy's brother, said on Monday that they were encouraged to hear the case was raised during Mr. Baird's phone call but added that he's seen little progress since their brother's conviction.
They said their family has received the same response from the government every time they raise questions about the way Mr. Fahmy's case has been handled. "But once the criticism stops no one speaks to us, no one tries to reassure us that they're doing something," Sherif Fahmy said in a phone interview. "So we don't know if they're telling us this so we can stop the criticism, or they're actually doing something."
They added that they are holding out some hope that their brother will be among those pardoned at the end of Ramadan, the Muslim holy month, in late July. "The protocol in Egypt is one where on the first day of the feast, the president issues a presidential pardon for a specific number of prisoners," they said. "We just hope that Mohamed's name is going to be on that list."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Fahmy was arrested last December and has been held in prison for nearly 200 days.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Donald Trump was having dinner at Mar-a-Lago with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on February 11 when a message arrived mid-meal, courtesy of Pyongyang: North Korea had just tested a new, solid-fuel, intermediate-range ballistic missile, fired from a mobile—and therefore hard-to-detect—launcher. The president pulled out their 1990s flip-phone and discussed this event in front of the various people sitting within earshot. One of these diners, Richard DeAgazio, was suitably agog at the import of this weighty scene, posting the following comment on their Facebook page: “HOLY MOLY!!! It was fascinating to watch the flurry of activity at dinner when the news came that North Korea had launched a missile in the direction of Japan.” Ad Policy
Actually, this missile was aimed directly at Mar-a-Lago, figuratively speaking. It was a pointed nod to history that no American media outlet grasped: “Prime Minister Shinzo,” as Trump called him, is the grandson of Nobusuke Kishi, a former Japanese prime minister whom Abe reveres. Nobusuke was deemed a “Class A” war criminal by the US occupation authorities after World War II, and they ran munitions manufacturing in Manchuria in the 1930s, when Gen. Hideki Tojo was provost marshal there. Kim Il-sung, whom grandson Kim Jong-un likewise reveres, was fighting the Japanese at the same time and in the same place. The North wouldn't have nukes if we'd kept our word in the past.
As I wrote for this magazine in January 2016, the North Koreans must be astonished to discover that US leaders never seem to grasp the import of their history-related provocations. Even more infuriating is Washington's implacable refusal ever to investigate our 72-year history of conflict with the North; all of our media appear to live in an eternal present, with each new crisis treated as sui generis. Visiting Seoul in March, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson asserted that North Korea has a history of violating one agreement after another; in fact, President Bill Clinton got it to freeze its plutonium production for eight years (1994–2002) and, in October 2000, had indirectly worked out a deal to buy all of its medium- and long-range missiles. Clinton also signed an agreement with Gen. Jo Myong-rok stating that henceforth, neither country would bear “hostile intent” toward the other.
The Bush administration promptly ignored both agreements and set out to destroy the 1994 freeze. Bush's invasion of Iraq is rightly seen as a world-historical catastrophe, but next in line would be placing North Korea in their “axis of evil” and, in September 2002, announcing their “preemptive” doctrine directed at Iraq and North Korea, among others. The simple fact is that Pyongyang would have no nuclear weapons if Clinton's agreements had been sustained.
Now comes Donald Trump, blasting into a Beltway milieu where, in recent months, a bipartisan consensus has emerged based on the false assumption that all previous attempts to rein in the North's nuclear program have failed, so it may be time to use force—to destroy its missiles or topple the regime. Last September, the centrist Council on Foreign Relations issued a report stating that “more assertive military and political actions” should be considered, “including those that directly threaten the existence of the [North Korean] regime.” Tillerson warned of preemptive action on their recent East Asia trip, and a former Obama-administration official, Antony Blinken, wrote in The New York Times that a “priority” for the Trump administration should be working with China and South Korea to “secure the North's nuclear arsenal” in the event of “regime change.” But North Korea reportedly has some 15,000 underground facilities of a national-security nature. It is insane to imagine the Marines traipsing around the country in such a “search and secure” operation, and yet the Bush and Obama administrations had plans to do just that. Obama also ran a highly secret cyber-war against the North for years, seeking to infect and disrupt its missile program. If North Korea did that to us, it might well be considered an act of war. Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
On November 8, 2016, nearly 66 million voters for Hillary Clinton received a lesson in Hegel's “cunning of history.” A bigger lesson awaits Donald Trump, should they attack North Korea. It has the fourth-largest army in the world, as many as 200,000 highly trained special forces, 10,000 artillery pieces in the mountains north of Seoul, mobile missiles that can hit all American military bases in the region (there are hundreds), and nuclear weapons more than twice as powerful as the Hiroshima bomb (according to a new estimate in a highly detailed Times study by David Sanger and William Broad).
Last October, I was at a forum in Seoul with Strobe Talbott, a former deputy secretary of state for Bill Clinton. Like everyone else, Talbott averred that North Korea might well be the top security problem for the next president. In my remarks, I mentioned Robert McNamara's explanation, in Errol Morris's excellent documentary The Fog of War, for our defeat in Vietnam: We never put ourselves in the shoes of the enemy and attempted to see the world as they did. Talbott then blurted, “It's a grotesque regime!” There you have it: It's our number-one problem, but so grotesque that there's no point trying to understand Pyongyang's point of view (or even that it might have some valid concerns). North Korea is the only country in the world to have been systematically blackmailed by US nuclear weapons going back to the 1950s, when hundreds of nukes were installed in South Korea. I have written much about this in these pages and in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists. Why on earth would Pyongyang not seek a nuclear deterrent? But this crucial background doesn't enter mainstream American discourse. History doesn't matter, until it does—when it rears up and smacks you in the face.
Hawaii Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard is expected to join as many as 2,000 veterans from across the country at the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation in North Dakota to protest an oil pipeline that tribal leaders say threatens their water supply and cultural heritage sites.
Gabbard, a major in the U.S. Army National Guard, said in a statement Tuesday that they will take part Sunday in the Veterans Stand for Standing Rock protest, which warns attendees through its Facebook page to bring body armor, gas masks and earplugs so that they can protect themselves against police actions.
The veterans are planning to be on the site from Sunday through Dec. 7.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
The protests, which have been going on for months, have intensified over the past several weeks as temperatures have dipped below freezing. Hundreds of demonstrators have been arrested or injured during clashes with police and private security, who have used tear gas and guard dogs.
State and federal officials have demanded that the demonstrators, many of them Native American, leave the area. The local sheriff said Tuesday they will attempt to cut off access to the protest camps.
Gabbard is one of the most high-profile attendees listed on the Veterans Stand for Standing Rock event page. Others include Wesley Clark Jr., the son of retired Army Gen. Wesley Clark, and Michael Wood Jr., a former Baltimore police officer who has been outspoken about police practices, including the excessive use of force.
“I'm participating in the Dakota Access Pipeline protest because of the threat this project poses to water resources in four states serving millions of people,” Gabbard said in their statement. “Whether it's the threat to essential water sources in this region, the lead contamination in Flint, Michigan, or the threat posed to a major Hawaii aquifer by the Red Hill fuel leak, each example underscores the vital importance of protecting our water resources.”
The member of congress added that protecting water should not be looked at as a partisan issue and called on President Barack Obama to halt the $3.8 billion project, which is funded by Dallas-based Energy Transfer Partners.
Gabbard was critical of the company's safety record, as well as that of Sunoco Logistics, which will take over operations of the Dakota Access Pipeline once it is completed. It is expected to pump up to 570,000 barrels of crude oil a day from North Dakota to Illinois.
Gabbard said Energy Transfer Partners “has a history of serious pipeline explosions” over the past decade that have resulted in injury, death and property damage. They also noted that Sunoco Logistics has had more than 200 oil spills over the past six years, which the member of congress said was more than its competitors.
Man accused of killing Westwego officer shoots self after hours-long standoff on CCC
The suspect who killed a Westwego officer and a woman Friday morning shot themselves after an hours-long standoff on the Crescent City Connection. WDSU reporter Travers Mackel said several police officers made their way to the bridge before 11:30 a.m. after receiving reports of a person on the bridge. Investigators confirmed Friday afternoon that Sylvester Holt, who is accused of killing Westwego Officer Michael Louviere and a woman in Marrero, was on the bridge. Louisiana State Police said they shot themselves in the chest before 6 p.m. Paramedics responded to render aid and remove them from the bridge. The Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development said westbound lanes were closed as police investigated. Editor's note: The story previously said the suspect died from their injuries. State police confirmed that the suspect only wounded himself. Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
The suspect who killed a Westwego officer and a woman Friday morning shot themselves after an hours-long standoff on the Crescent City Connection.
WDSU reporter Travers Mackel said several police officers made their way to the bridge before 11:30 a.m. after receiving reports of a person on the bridge.
Advertisement
Investigators confirmed Friday afternoon that Sylvester Holt, who is accused of killing Westwego Officer Michael Louviere and a woman in Marrero, was on the bridge.
Louisiana State Police said they shot themselves in the chest before 6 p.m. Paramedics responded to render aid and remove them from the bridge.
The Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development said westbound lanes were closed as police investigated.
Editor's note: The story previously said the suspect died from their injuries. State police confirmed that the suspect only wounded himself.
Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here. Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
AlertMe
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plymouth could be at the heart of Britain's first national marine park, putting the seas on the same footing as Dartmoor and Exmoor.
Experts meeting in the city this week agreed to push ahead with a bid to give the seas a public profile to match much-loved national parks.
City MP Luke Pollard brought together marine organisations, experts and key figures from industry, conservation and leisure for a meeting at the National Marine Aquarium.
They will draw up proposals to present to the government for a national marine park covering at least Plymouth Sound and possibly extending into Cornwall, South Devon and out towards the Eddystone Rocks.
Charles Clover, executive director of the Blue Marine Foundation, said after the meeting: “This moment could be quite historic in a national and Plymouth context.”
Their presence gives the project some weight as their foundation has been involved in creating marine parks in places such as the Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean and the British Overseas Territory of Ascension Island in the Atlantic.
“Luke Pollard's initiative comes at an enormously important time,” they said.
(Image: Bernard Bates)
“The government already has a world-leading policy of creating blue belts around British Overseas Territories.
“That raises the question of what we are doing at home.”
Areas around the British coastline already have a confusing array of designations, from marine protected areas and marine conservation zones to offshore special protection areas and even harbour porpoise special areas of conservation.
Mr Clover said the new proposal could incorporate those and reduce the confusion for the public.
“We've got to protect the whole marine seascape in a way that induces people to enjoy it, make money from it, and sustain it.”
They said there was no suggestion that fishermen would be excluded, just as Dartmoor National Park continued to be used commercially.
Martin Attrill, director of Plymouth University's Marine Institute, said they hoped it would make people love the marine environment.
“It's like pandas,” they said. “Very few people will ever see a panda, but they love pandas and are happy that there are pandas in the world.”
Roger Maslin , chief executive of the National Marine Aquarium, said: “The concept of a Marine National Park is all about connecting people with the oceans, providing greater opportunity to experience, enjoy and learn about the wonders, importance and dependency on the Blue Planet.
“There is no better place to start than with Plymouth Sound and the marine, coastal and cultural heritage that it offers.”
Terri Portmann, a Plymouth-based marine consultant, said: “You could use it as a springboard for other initiatives, such as a local ban on single-use plastics.
“If we could as a result of this get more children engaged through the National Marine Aquarium and doing marine science at school.
“Everyone watches the TV series Blue Planet II and thinks there is great stuff to see only in the tropics.”
Mr Pollard, MP for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport, added: “We have taken the first step on the journey.
“Plymouth is truly world-leading in marine matters and it is time we celebrated and shouted loudly and proudly about our marine expertise.
“Creating the UK's first national marine park in Plymouth Sound will truly bring to life the sentiment behind Plymouth being Britain's Ocean City.”
In a 2012 Guardian article proposing a similar scheme, Prof Attrill wrote: “As a nation famed for its seafaring, it is surprising Britain has paid so little attention to the health and protection of its seas.
“Up until fairly recently, our waters have been an open environment where fishermen can hunt their catch with few restrictions beyond the odd offshore structures, such as oil rigs or military areas.
“As a result much of our seabed is now composed of sediment, flat and uninteresting, when 200 years ago there was a dynamic environment of oysters, mussel beds and reefs – something we British would now associate with tropical seas.”
November 23, 2016, the very day before Thanksgiving, the day I seemed to have waited for my whole life was finally here; I was getting my top surgery. I got my top surgery date 3 months or so prior and every day I would jump out of bed eager to change the countdown I had going on a whiteboard.
Once it got down to single digits the days seemed endless. But it was finally here, it was finally happening. I remember laying on the gurney waving goodbye to my nervous mother and best friend as they wheeled me away. I burst into an extremely brightly lit room, the light hurt my eyes and caused me to squint, when I opened them back up I was directly underneath the largest light I had ever seen, it was blinding and intimidating. Suddenly a nervous rush washed over me as a nurse instructed me to count back from 10 while they were giving me anesthesia.
This was it, it felt as if someone had stood me up and slowly dipped me into a warm bath of water. Here we go, my last breath, my last thoughts as a man with a chest. As the water began to consume me, everything went black.
When I wake, I'll be free.
I woke up to the same nurse patting my cheek telling me I "really needed to stay awake this time, Logan." I couldn't grasp consciousness. I kept sinking in and out. Everything was groggy and I was completely unaware of everything that was going on in my world. I felt different, I couldn't open my eyes or come to reality but I knew, I felt free. I felt like I could breathe for the first time and I hadn't even looked down yet. When I could finally stand on my own two feet I braced myself for the uncomfortable 3 hour car ride home from Albany.
Uncomfortable is such an understatement, but I didn't care: I was free.
I remember snapchatting all my friends selfies of my doped up, post-op surgery smile letting them know I made it out the other side. Any time I caught a glimpse of myself in the car door side mirror I had a smile permanently stamped on my face. This was beautiful, this was living.
After arriving home, the first thing I did was unbutton my shirt and look at my new body in the mirror. The reflection looking back at me was finally starting to align with the thoughts that clouded my head and screamed at me every day. I was elated, the drugs I was doped up on helped a little bit. I made my mom take a picture, I don't even need to pull it up to see the goofy smile that stretched from ear to ear that's been engraved into my memory. I posted it right away captioned "I waited 19 years to post a shirtless picture." I had never been so proud. I inspected my bandages and my drains for at least an hour, still so far in shock; was this real life? Did this really happen?
But what they don't tell you is that recovery is hell.
I've never opened up about my recovery process before, but it was far from rainbows and sunshine. My recovery would last a week; a week of not doing anything. When I say not doing anything, I mean nothing. I was trapped in a recliner for the first 2-3 days before I went stir crazy and then the only movements allowed were walking for shorter periods of time. I couldn't lift my arms, I couldn't go to the gym, which if anyone knows me knows is my second home. I couldn't even comfort myself with a warm shower. I was going insane. It was driving me mad. The first night was smooth sailing- until the drugs wore off. My mom had woken me up in the middle of the night to empty my drains and when I woke up I was in a world of hurt. They practically had to carry me to the bathroom because I was too dizzy to stumble my way there without assistance. They had asked if I was okay but I was in too much pain to even speak the words. Something was wrong, it wasn't just painful but it was uncomfortable. It felt like my chest was fighting itself from the inside out. I looked in the mirror and got scared at the extremely pale and sunken face staring back at me. I stumbled backwards onto the closed toilet and that was all I can remember of the first night. The rest of the week had me feeling like I was trapped in the same dull loop.
It wasn't that I was being overwhelmed with emotions all week like I had expected to be, it was more of being emotionless. One of the last days before I got my drains out, I made a Walmart trip with my mom where we ran into someone I knew and they asked me how I was feeling. I threw on a fake face and attitude and told them I was elated, happy, lucky, blessed, cliché stuff. The truth is I was, absolutely I was, the emotion and feelings in my body just weren't confirming that. I felt empty, like a shell.
When we finally made the trek back to Albany for my reveal, I was so excited to see my bare chest for the first time, I couldn't contain myself. I had a complication with the left side of my chest that caused a lot of swelling. It looked like I had only gotten one breast removed. Dr. Rockmore (highly recommend by the way) numbed my chest just to cut me back open and vacuum the fluid out. You know those spit suckers at the dentist that takes up too much space in your mouth? Picture that, except larger. Imagine feeling that move around inside your chest, feeling like a huge spider was just dancing around trapped inside my body. It was the most uncomfortable thing I've ever experienced, just thinking about it right now makes me cringe. I had to have my left drain in for another week because of it. I could shower this time now, thank God.
I was standing in the bathroom, drain wrapped up (my mom helped me and almost fainted at the sight of the entry spot for my drain tube) and ready for a shower, letting the steam roll out and the water run. The chest I expected to see was nowhere in sight, instead, I was left with a chest that looked like I had just gotten steam-rolled. I was completely black and blue until mid-rib cage, my stitches looked horrific, I got scared. I expected tears of joy and overwhelming happiness when I saw my bare, post-op chest, but instead I felt anxious, nervous. I was so glad I went through with the procedure, I knew I hadn't regretted it, I don't know where these feelings were coming from. I was happy but my mind was not allowing me to be, instead, it pointed out everything that was wrong, it was trying to convince me I had made a mistake.
The last week droned on and I finally got my second drain out along with my stitches. Nothing else was weighing me down, just a bare chest. Every time I went to the bathroom I would take my shirt off, button downs because I still couldn't quite lift my arms, and examine every square inch of my new chest. As I started to heal, the negative thoughts did too. A chest that looked and felt so foreign to me was now the most beautiful part of my body. The first time I applied cream to my scars, I did it with such pride and had tears in my eyes. Finally, my mind was letting me enjoy the body I had just gone through hell and back for. My scars are the greatest accessory I have and I never feel the need to try to hide them. Every time I see them I am reminded of how hard I fought to get them.
Post-op depression is real and I believe I experienced it for a good portion of my recovery. Thankfully it was only temporary, and now I flaunt my chest at every possible moment.
I love my chest, I love my scars, I love my journey. Its been anything but easy, but it's never been a question of "is it worth it?"
Hell yes, it's beyond worth it. You are beyond worth it.
The anger of gods - René Magritte
Ciocoismul, legiferat în proiectul noului Cod Rutier prin răscumpărarea punctelor de amendă
A trecut ceva timp de când am văzut ultima dată un poliţist luând şpagă, dar scena mi-e la fel de vie în memorie ca şi cum s-ar fi întâmplat ieri.
Mă oprise un echipaj de Rutieră pe Kiseleff, cândva după miezul nopţii într-un iulie cam fierbinte. Veneam de la redacţie, mi-era foame iar drumul era liber, aşa că i-am dat blană. M-a luat radarul cu niţel sub 80 şi m-a tras un poliţist pe dreapta într-o alveolă de dinainte de Muzeul Ţăranului. M-a oprit cu saltul ăla în calea maşinii pe care-l fac poliţiştii de la Rutieră când au un client de radar, zici că-s sinucigaşi, îţi sare inima când îi vezi cum se-aruncă-n mijlocul drumului. Am oprit şi l-am văzut în retrovizoare cum se-aproie tacticos pe stânga. Scosesem deja actele, ştiam că era de amendă şi de puncte, nu voiam să contest nimic şi nici să mă cert, avea dreptate, doar mi-era ciudă că urma să întârzii şi mai mult acasă.
Deodată, înainte s-ajungă la mine, poliţistul a făcut din nou un salt în drum, fluturând bastonul la o altă maşină. Asta venea mult, mult mai tare ca mine, eu am estimat că era peste 120, poate chiar vreo 130. A frânat din greu, i-a scrâşnit ABS-ul pe asfalt, m-a depăşit şi s-a dus pe dreapta la vreo 10-15 metri în faţă. Era un limuzinoi mare, negru, lucios, cu nişte stopuri cât hublourile de transatlantic, cu câte două ţevi de eşapament pe fiecare parte. Bubuia ceva muzică înăuntru, ta-tîraca-tîcîta, vibrau boxele brrrzt-brrrzt-brrrzt în portiere. Poliţistul a trecut pe lângă mine fără să mă bage-n seamă şi s-a dus direct la şoferul libărcii din faţă. Când a coborât geamul, dinăuntru au scăpat pentru o clipă 100 de waţi de tânguială, of, viaţa mea, bos, după care volumul a fost tăiat. Agentul a salutat. Şoferul a scos mâna dreaptă pe geam şi poliţistul i-a strâns-o, înclinându-se uşor. Mâna şoferului s-a retras iar omul în uniformă a rămas neclintit, uşor adus de spate, în aşteptare câteva secunde, până şoferul i-a întins o hârtie împăturită, pe care a apucat-o, a palmat-o şi a vârât-o repede în buzunarul de la pantaloni, cu o mişcare fluidă.
Acum, ţin minte perfect toată scena datorită următoarelor două detalii. Mai întâi, felul în care şoferul i-a dat şpaga: ţinea bancnota între două degete, adică între arătător şi cel din mijloc, cu un gest de dispreţ superior care e tipic şpăguirii unui servitor. Aşa întinzi banii unui parcagiu, de pildă, sau unui paznic de spital care şperţuieşte aparţinătorii veniţi la rude în afara orelor de vizită. Niciodată nu plăteşti aşa la casă, când cumperi o pâine sau o carte sau orice altceva. E prea multă desconsiderare în gestul ăsta cu prinderea bancnotei între două degete ca să-l faci altcuiva decât unui inferior.
Al doilea detaliu este salutul pe care agentul l-a executat cu dreapta în timp ce băga şpaga cu stânga în buzunar. Mai avea încă mâna la cozoroc când şoferul a demarat în trombă.
Apoi s-a-ntors la mine. S-a prins că văzusem. S-a apropiat, mi-a luat actele. “Mai staţi un pic”, mi-a zis, răsfoind absent hârtiile. Am făcut un pic de conversaţie, ceva fotbal, era un campionat mondial sau european în desfăşurare, nu mai ţin minte. După un timp, mi-a dat actele înapoi şi mi-a făcut semn că-s liber. Am demarat cam confuz. Trebuia să mă bucur sau să-mi fie rușine? Beneficiasem şi eu de şpaga celui din faţă. Eram complice? Să mă fi întors? Ce față ar fi făcut polițistul? Dacă mă întorceam, trebuia să fac şi o reclamaţie?
Asta s-a întâmplat acum mulți, mulți ani. Sunt aproape convins (aproape) că astfel de gesturi nu se mai întâmplă, măcar pentru că radarele de-acum filmează iar imaginile nu pot fi șterse (adică pot fi șterse, dar e prea mare bătaia de cap). Dar, chiar dacă șpaga nu se mai dă așa, cu două degete, în văzul lumii, un soi de nostalgie a șpăgii a dăinuit peste ani, şi nu doar poliţiştii şpăgari o simt, ci şi unii şpăguitori. Le făcea plăcere să dea, de sus, aşa, câte un bacşiş la omul legii, dar nu din generozitate, ci din ciocoism. E pornirea interioară a ratatului plin de bani de a-și cumpăra subordonare pe care s-o interpreteze drept respect.
Iar dorul ăsta ar putea fi chiar legiferat în curând.
Să mă explic: la Parlament există un proiect de modificare a Codului Rutier care prevede posibilitatea răscumpărării punctelor de amendă.
Am văzut știrea asta în câteva locuri săptămâna trecută, dar mi s-a părut un fonfleu, așa de gogonată era. Am avut însă ceva timp liber în weekend și m-am apucat să sap – și, da, proiectul acesta chiar există, fraților, este depus la Parlament pentru dezbatere, sub semnăturile a 40 de parlamentari. Documentul integral poate fi găsit aici iar lista semnatarilor este aici.
E un proiect foarte stufos, are 417 articole cu totul. Dacă ai răbdare să-l parcurgi, la articolul 401 găsești prevederea privind răscumpărarea. Aceasta e posibilă “până la momentul în care a intervenit suspendarea” permisului (deci trebuie să răscumperi activ, permaent, nu să te lași pe tânjală) iar “fiecare punct de penalizare reprezintă valoric un punct de amendă”.
Adică 105 lei.
Practic, potrivit acestei prevederi din proiectul noului Cod Rutier, orice fel de contravenție pe drumurile publice care nu determină suspendarea imediată a permisului poate fi comisă fără grijă, atâta vreme cât ai banu' pă tine, coae, și-ți permiți să plătești. Iar diferența față de șpaga dată cu două degete, de pe vremuri, e că acum agentul nici măcar nu mai bagă el în buzunar mita, ci statul, direct. Pe agent poți să-l și scuipi între ochi (la figurat, că altfel e ultraj), că n-are ce să-ți facă. Parcă-i și văd: “Ce-o să faci, fraere, îmi dai amendă? N-ai tu caiet de amenzi câte puncte pot io să răscumpăr, cap de cretă!”
Așa o imbecilitate de idee n-am mai văzut demult. Singurul efect al acestei prevederi, dacă va intra vreodată în vigoare (ceea ce sper că nu se va-ntâmpla) va fi legalizarea șpăgii și împărțirea cetățenilor României în două categorii: cei care-s prea săraci ca să-ncalce legea și cei care se vor distra plătind ca să se pișe pe ea de lege. Și, credeți-mă, va fi concurs prin unele cercuri, care are vezica mai mare și jetul mai tare.
Writing about race and tax has also been difficult for one additional reason: tax academics, inevitably white men (because so many tax academics are white men), have either ignored scholarship in the race and tax area or been downright hostile to the work. Someone concerned with not offending their tax peers would have quit long ago. But the difference between me now and the little girl standing on the street corner helplessly watching a handcuffed man getting beat by the cops is that, although I may be intimidated by police officers with guns, I am not intimidated by academics in khaki pants! Therefore, I encourage you to explore race (and class) in whatever subject matter you teach. After all, if I can do it in tax, you can do it anywhere. ... The balance of this Essay will discuss how to incorporate race and class into the basic tax course. It is by no means an exhaustive list, but a first step. The Essay will not debate the merits of one tax rule over another, but will merely describe the existing state of the world.
Last night, the Berkeley City Council voted to postpone for two weeks consideration of three items introduced by Councilmember Jesse Arreguin in response to the police response during last December's protests, despite the fact that students and members of the community had been waiting for eight hours over two separate council meetings to speak on these items. I am extremely disappointed in the Berkeley City Council for once again refusing to address police brutality. The City Council impeded students from voicing their opinions to them on this matter on multiple occasions: the Mayor unilaterally canceled the meeting following the protests; a majority of the City Council voted to delay a special meeting until January 17, ostensibly in order to allow students to speak, despite the fact that the students would not be back from Winter Break for that meeting; and, the Mayor brought up agenda items out-of-order, which further delayed consideration of these items. As a result of the City Council's latest delay, it will now be more than two months since the Berkeley Police Department's unwarranted use of force on December 6 before a single introduced item has been discussed, let alone voted on.
My Office supports the three items introduced by Councilmember Arreguin. The first item endorses the National Demands of Ferguson Action, such as the demilitarization of the police and eliminating the use of military technology and equipment. The second item would refer amendments to the Berkeley Police Department's general orders on crowd control, use-of-force, and mutual aid based on common-sense changes made to the Oakland and San Francisco PD's general orders after events such as Occupy Oakland to the City Manager and the Police Review Commission. It would also implement a temporary moratorium on the use of crowd control techniques, such as the use of rubber bullets and tear gas, until after the Police Review Commission presents amendments and conducts an independent investigation. The third item would direct the Police Review Commission to conduct an independent investigation of BPD's response to the December protests.
At the next City Council meeting, the Berkeley City Council must take up and vote for these items. Any attempts to further delay or water-down these measures would represent another sign of disrespect to students, particularly students of color who are overwhelmingly affected by police brutality. My Office will continue organizing to bring students to City Council meetings to demand the Berkeley City Council implement immediate and substantive reforms to protect students and other residents of Berkeley who are practicing their First Amendment rights
October 7, 2016 - Women, Non-Whites Give Clinton 5-Point Lead Over Trump, Quinnipiac University National Poll Finds; Independent Voters In Big Shift To Clinton
PDF format
Additional Trend Information
Sample and Methodology detail
A 20 percentage-point lead among women and a 45-point lead among non-white voters lift Democrat Hillary Clinton to a 45 - 40 percent likely voter lead over Republican Donald Trump, with 6 percent for Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson and 3 percent for Green Party candidate Jill Stein, according to a Quinnipiac University national poll released today.
This compares to a too-close-to-call result in a September 26 survey by the independent Quinnipiac (KWIN-uh-pe-ack) University, showing Clinton with 44 percent, Trump at 43 percent, Johnson at 8 percent and Stein at 2 percent.
In a head-to-head matchup, Clinton gets 50 percent to Trump's 44 percent, compared to 47 percent for Clinton and 46 percent for Trump September 26.
In the four-way race, women back Clinton 53 - 33 percent as men back Trump 49 - 37 percent. White voters go Republican 51 - 38 percent while non-white voters go Democratic 63 - 18 percent.
The biggest shift is among independent voters, who go from 42 - 35 percent for Trump, with 15 percent for Johnson September 26 to 46 - 32 percent for Clinton, with 10 percent for Johnson today. Republicans back Trump 87 - 5 percent while Democrats back Clinton 89 - 3 percent.
"Post-debate, Hillary Clinton checks all the boxes. With their base of women and non- white voters now solidly behind them and independent voters moving into their column, Donald Trump gets a wake-up call," said Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll. "The Indies are leaving in droves."
"Can Trump make a come-back in Sunday's debate or will Clinton score another W?"
American likely voters 18 to 34 years old back Clinton over Trump 48 - 27 percent, with 11 percent for Johnson. Clinton leads 47 - 39 percent among voters 35 to 49 years old. Voters 50 to 64 years old go 48 percent for Trump and 43 percent for Clinton. Voters over 65 years old are split 46 - 46 percent.
From October 5 - 6, Quinnipiac University surveyed 1,064 likely voters nationwide with a margin of error of +/- 3 percentage points. Live interviewers call landlines and cell phones.
The Quinnipiac University Poll, directed by Douglas Schwartz, Ph.D., conducts public opinion surveys in Pennsylvania, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Florida, Ohio, Virginia, Iowa, Colorado, North Carolina, Georgia and the nation as a public service and for research.
Visit http://www.qu.edu/polling or www.facebook.com/quinnipiacpoll Call (203) 582-5201, or follow us on Twitter @QuinnipiacPoll.
1. If the presidential election were being held today, and the candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats, Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, Gary Johnson and Bill Weld the Libertarians, and Jill Stein and Ajamu Baraka the Green party candidates, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine, Trump and Pence, Johnson and Weld, or Stein and Baraka?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... WHITE...... COLLEGE DEG Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Yes No Clinton and Kaine 45% 5% 89% 46% 37% 53% 46% 30% Trump and Pence 40 87 3 32 49 33 42 60 Johnson and Weld 6 5 2 10 9 3 6 4 Stein and Baraka 3 - 3 7 3 4 2 1 SMONE ELSE(VOL) - 1 - 1 - 1 1 - DK/NA 4 2 2 4 3 6 4 3 AGE IN YRS.............. WHITE..... 18-34 35-49 50-64 65+ Men Wom Wht NonWht Clinton and Kaine 48% 47% 43% 46% 30% 45% 38% 63% Trump and Pence 27 39 48 46 59 44 51 18 Johnson and Weld 11 7 4 3 8 3 5 7 Stein and Baraka 9 3 2 - 2 2 2 7 SMONE ELSE(VOL) - 2 - - - 1 1 - DK/NA 5 2 3 5 1 5 4 5
2. If the only candidates were Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine the Democrats and Donald Trump and Mike Pence the Republicans, for whom would you vote? (If undecided) As of today, do you lean more toward Clinton and Kaine or Trump and Pence?
LIKELY VOTERS.......................................... WHITE...... COLLEGE DEG Tot Rep Dem Ind Men Wom Yes No Clinton and Kaine 50% 5% 95% 57% 42% 58% 50% 32% Trump and Pence 44 91 4 37 53 36 45 63 SMONE ELSE(VOL) 1 1 - - 1 1 1 1 DK/NA 5 2 1 5 5 5 3 4 AGE IN YRS.............. WHITE..... 18-34 35-49 50-64 65+ Men Wom Wht NonWht Clinton and Kaine 58% 53% 46% 48% 33% 48% 41% 73% Trump and Pence 34 45 49 47 63 46 54 21 SMONE ELSE(VOL) - 2 1 1 - 2 1 1 DK/NA 7 1 3 5 3 5 4 5
*Results based on total sample, only asked of respondents who did not choose Clinton or Trump Q1 Respondents who named Clinton or Trump in Q1 assigned to initial preference.
3. Compared to past presidential elections, how would you describe your level of motivation to vote in this year's presidential election; are you more motivated than usual, less motivated, or about the same as usual?
Whether you like it or not, there's little doubting that the Galaxy S5 was the star of the show at this year's Mobile World Congress. Samsung had the largest press event, the most crowded booth, and the most hype built up leading into the show. It doesn't matter if it's still plastic, if it's still running TouchWiz, or that it's still arguably one of the uglier flagship devices on the market - this phone obviously matters a lot. Samsung is going to sell tens of millions of these things a matter of months after they launch, and because of that, we're taking a special focus on the S5 during our MWC coverage.
As the person charged with reviewing the Galaxy S4 last year (in somewhat ridiculous detail), I felt compelled to take a closer look at the new software Samsung has created for its marquee mobile product.
Galaxy S5 Software: Generally
What's new in the new TouchWiz? A lot, frankly, especially in a visual respect. While I've read numerous hands-on posts claiming the changes to Samsung's UI layer aren't all that aesthetically dramatic, I'd have to disagree rather strongly. This is easily the biggest update to TouchWiz since the original NatureUX that debuted on the Galaxy S III two years ago, and arguably is even bigger than that in some respects.
While certain elements are very familiar (eg, the home screen isn't radically different), almost every significant piece of the UI has been touched or updated in some noticeable way. The "flat" aesthetic we'd seen unveiled initially on the Tab Pro series has weaseled its way into the S5, and I think the result is inarguably an improvement.
The notification bar is perhaps the area where this change is most dramatic - flat toggles, new quick shortcuts for S Finder and Quick Connect (which, unfortunately, do not seem able to be disabled), and a lighter theme overall simply make the S5 feel much more modern than its predecessor. The settings menu also now defaults to a grid, rather than list-based, layout, which I think many users will prefer. It's certainly more intuitive / easy to navigate than the tabs Samsung utilized on the S4 and Note 3.
Note: the video erroneously states Magazine cannot be turned off, but I later correct myself.
Other elements, like the app drawer, have just been cleaned up. Instead of having tabs up top for apps / widgets / downloaded apps, Samsung just uses a subtle 3-dot menu button and the top right, making the drawer look much less cluttered. Adding widgets is now done solely by a long press on the homescreen, which brings up a GEL-like 3-item menu along the bottom of the display, as opposed to Samsung's previous implementation, which brought up a menu.
The homescreen isn't radically different, but Samsung does dedicate the far-left pane to its Magazine interface, which is in many respects similar to both HTC's BlinkFeed and the Flipboard app. The Magazine homescreen can be turned off in settings, though, which I imagine is something many people will be quick to do. It was actually a bit choppy on the unit we played with, too, and was the only time the S5 really felt all that slow during our testing.
Speaking of performance, the Galaxy S5 is easily the fastest Samsung handset to date. Even compared to the Note 3, the Galaxy S5 simply feels more nimble and well-adjusted to rapid multitasking and scrolling. The units we tested weren't even on final software, so it's entirely possible there are yet more gains to be made in this regard. Compared to the Galaxy S4, which wasn't blazing-fast to begin with, and now feels a bit laggardly, the S5 is a major step up in the speed department.
So, all that business we heard about Samsung culling its content offerings and scaling back TouchWiz - it seems that many people perhaps expected too much here. The one thing Samsung has removed (though would not comment upon) on the Galaxy S5 is Samsung Hub - Samsung's movie, music, and television content store. Samsung Apps is still present, but the absence of Hub is simply too convenient not to chalk up to the rumors we heard last month. As for the UI itself, you're out of luck - this is still a very Samsung affair, and nothing I saw suggested to me that Samsung was in any way kowtowing to an alleged Google demand for a more "Android-like" experience.
Samsung's own apps have undergone various levels of transformation as well, with apps like S Planner (calendar) and the Browser both sporting flatter, more modern interfaces, amongst others. We'll save the detailed look at those for the review, though.
Galaxy S5 Feature Spotlight: Fingerprint Scanner
We had a chance to set up and test the fingerprint unlock function on the Galaxy S5, and while I walked away less than wowed, I will admit the feature does work as advertised.
Setting up the fingerprint reader is fairly easy - go to lockscreen settings and set it to fingerprint mode, at which point you'll be asked to set up a backup password (in case, you know, you burn off your fingerprints or something) as an alternative to the reader. Once you do that, you'll be required to swipe your finger of choice roughly 8 times (for me, it was more like 16) so that the phone can get a good sense of what your fingerprint looks like. Samsung claims up to 3 fingers can be stored, but they didn't demo the functionality for multiple fingers to us, unfortunately. Once the print is stored, simply turn off your display, turn it back on, and voila - you'll be prompted to swipe down from the bottom of the screen over the home button. I found it worked with my index finger about 80% of the time, maybe more if I was particularly careful with my swiping. It's enough to be usable, but not so accurate as to be anything close to foolproof - you do need to take some care in exactly how you slide your finger across the sensor (flat against the surface, not too slow, not too fast, etc).
The unlock function falls flat for me for one, simple reason: I still have to hit the power or home button and wait for the display to turn on before I can actually swipe. With Apple's Touch ID, the fact that it reads your finger in static position once the home button is pressed simply seems better. I'm not arguing about the merits of either technology in terms of accuracy, long-term reliability, or security, but the Apple solution is just simpler. Pressing a button, waiting for the display, then swiping does not feel like the future - it feels like an encumbrance.
Samsung does promise it's looking into expanding the uses for the fingerprint reader to things like your Samsung account and PayPal, so there's that. We'll have to see what the level of third-party adoption ends up being, but I doubt we'll be authorizing Play Store purchases with our thumbs any time soon.
Galaxy S5 Feature Spotlight: Heartbeat Monitor (AKA Pulse Oximeter)
With the Galaxy S4, Samsung made adding new and interesting sensors to their devices a priority - the temperature and humidity sensors on the GS4 were interesting developments that, while maybe of limited usage, did differentiate Samsung's hardware from the competition in a real way. This year, Samsung's added another interesting sensor capability, in the form of something called a pulse oximeter.
The oximeter is the transparent square on the left of the sensor cluster, below the camera.
The short of it is that a pulse oximeter reads your heartbeat by shining light through a thin cross-section of your body (eg, a finger) and then measuring the varying levels of light absorbance. When your heart contracts, arterial blood surges through your body, and this effect is observable all the way down at your fingertip. When there's more blood, more light is absorbed, and by continually measuring the amount of light absorption occurring at the observed area over a period of time, your heart rate can then be calculated (the accuracy of pulse oximetry isn't perfect, but it's pretty good). The basic technology isn't [remotely] new, but as far as I'm aware this is the first time we're seeing it in a smartphone.
Using the S Health app, you can measure your heart rate whenever you want, simply by putting your index finger over the oximeter on the back of the phone. You then can watch the graph of the oximeter's raw measurements fluctuate while it determines your current heart rate, and I found the feature quite reliable, and honestly just kind of fascinating. I'm not sure how useful it will be on a phone as opposed to a smartwatch or fitness tracker, but it's neat nonetheless.
And no, as far as I can tell the pulse oximeter does not actually allow you to measure blood oxygen levels, though perhaps an API could open up that possibility.
Galaxy S5 Feature Spotlight: Ultra Power Saving Mode
Our final feature spotlight for the Galaxy S5 will focus on what for many users will be a brand-new experience on their Galaxy S5s, in the form of Ultra Power Saving Mode. We know now that this feature isn't technically new - Samsung's had it on a few of its Japanese devices for some time now. But for Europe, the US, and the rest of the world, this is new, and it's actually quite cool.
Most power-saving modes on smartphones require you to do a lot of the work in terms of deciding just what you do and don't want to turn off, or just how much energy you want to save. This sort of defeats the purpose, in my opinion, of a power saving mode: I want to put my phone in a state where it will still function as a phone for calls, SMS, and email, but is otherwise using as little power as humanly possible while remaining practically usable.
Samsung's Ultra Power Saving mode takes this philosophy to heart. Switch it on, and things change - a lot. The first difference you'll notice are the colors - they're gone. The screen goes black and white monochromatic to save power, and brightness is greatly reduced. Next, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi are disabled. Fancy UI animations are turned off. You're also given a severely limited UI - Samsung actually turns off a bunch of services and disables communication / sync for the vast majority of your apps. You get access to calls, email (including Gmail), and SMS, as well as a few other, select apps. There is only one, basic homescreen. However, mobile data remains enabled (LTE is off, though, it's 3G only in this mode), so you'll still get all your SMSs and emails.
Samsung claims this feature is so effective at reducing power consumption that at 10% remaining battery life your phone will be able to last in standby mode for 24 hours. That's pretty incredible. On the unit we were testing, which had around 20% battery life, the estimate use time (as opposed to standby time) was around 7 hours, which is also quite impressive if true.
Obviously this feature will require some field testing, so there's not much else to say about it now.
Galaxy S5 Software: In Conclusion
My first look at the Galaxy S5 left me impressed. I believe that Samsung's increased focus on speed and restyling the UI are key to enhancing the user experience across the board. For all the TouchWiz and plastic jokes, the Galaxy S5 is indeed a very modern, competitive device. It feels new.
While Samsung hasn't exactly simplified the act of navigating and engaging its many various features and gimmicks littered throughout the OS, what it has added will undoubtedly catch the eyes of buyers. The fingerprint scanner isn't perfect, but I have no doubt it will be a big draw for consumers envious of Apple's Touch ID. Things like the heartbeat monitor and ultra power saving mode will also 'showroom' well - tell someone they'll get 24 hours out of the last 10% of their battery and you'll certainly get attention. Likewise, showing a phone monitoring your heart rate will definitely raise some eyebrows.
We'll have to see what Samsung's latest camera can do out in the wild, too - their fast autofocus claims are definitely appealing if true, and Samsung has always had great sensors in its high-end devices.
The Galaxy S5 doesn't do anything incredibly groundbreaking compared to the competition. it doesn't look all that much different (many would argue it looks worse). But what it does do is bullet-point itself above and beyond its predecessor with ease - and that's really what Samsung needs to keep increasing its market share at the high end. I look forward to reviewing the Galaxy S5, and I have little doubt it will be anything short of "quite good."
National penny farthing championships attract thrill-seekers on two wheels
Updated
Foolhardiness and balance were two of the main attributes on display at the National Penny Farthing Championships in the northern Tasmanian village of Evandale.
It is recognised by Guinness World Records as the world's largest penny farthing racing event, and this year attracted 62 competitors from as far as New Zealand and northern Queensland.
Most of the races are held on a triangular circuit around the historic village, with events for novices, ladies, children and three classes for veteran riders aged over 50, 60 and 70.
The fastest eight riders lined up for the National Championship race, ridden over one mile.
Race organiser Di Sullivan said the bikes had no brakes and the riders relied on balance and foolhardiness to get around the course.
"A lot of them say they're going to go very carefully, then the curtain comes down and they find themselves really racing, and it's just a thrilling thing to do, they love them [the bikes], they find it exhilarating," they said.
Topics: community-and-multicultural-festivals, evandale-7212
First posted
Create Your Own Sites: Website Design Advice
Lots of people wish to get involved with creating websites try not to know how to start. You need to know your work to really make it pop. This information has tips and information that may help you design the best website possible.
Make certain that you employ in your site don't hinder remarkable ability to become read. Make text visible against background hues. Dark text on the light backgrounds are often simpler to see in comparison to the other way round. Ask someone to check out your palettes to make certain you're making the best choice.
Give consideration towards the backgrounds of the pages. Some sites use moving GIF images without anyone's knowledge which might at occasions be great, regardless of how novel it may look like. Select a background which complements your site, it has to merge well using the balance of the web site design.
Make sure that checking your site could be scanned easily. Most visitors will not read whatever you write, so that they scan to determine what they need to see. Break text into small, for example bold or italics. This can suit your visitor's time on the website as pleasing because things are rapidly accessible.
You need to setup a way that customers can submit feedback for you feedback. If your customer feel involved, they may wish to return.
It doesn't matter as much as what your site you need to make certain that each file includes a small quality. It is because file dimensions are directly affects its load time. You need to make an effort to make certain that the web site to load very rapidly when prospects visit. It's also wise to bear in mind that does not have all visitors is going to be utilizing a high-speed internet connection. Test out your site to make sure it loads quickly for each customer.
Do not let pop-ups in your site. While it may seem these possess some value, many people locate them rather annoying. Whenever you annoy these potential customers using these popup adverts, the probabilities improve your visitors could get annoyed by them and select to depart your site with no real interest in coming back.
Good Meta data really are a magic formula to make sure your site attract bigger figures of holidaymakers. High quality Meta data can help search engines like google to acknowledge what your website. For those who have poorly considered the Meta data which have no reflection on which your sites submissions are, don't anticipate getting lots of visitors.
Test out your site early and test frequently to keep precision. You should utilize your site like a reader would in usability tests at the start of the page. Still make sure expand your site.
You can try thousands of various websites to acquire inspiration. Keep in mind that borrowing others' ideas is not enough to ensure success for your own personal website. You have to also improve them.
Among the greatest mistakes people make isn't reserving website name. Select something creative, but reserve it rapidly so that you can get it later on. It's surprising the number of people might have developed similar ideas. Many of us are connected and social occasions.
While development platforms can alleviate the coding process, they can't duplicate the longevity of classic text editors. The reason behind a platform would be to design all of the features from the site, then you definitely simply paste the code which was produced to your website. However, if you'd like to help keep the errors low, and become directly active in the process, employing a text editor is the perfect option.
While you read earlier, information is paramount to creating an effective website. These pointers and methods could make anybody a specialist in website design and website building. Use that which you learn here to help you get began in your first site design.
On Sunday, a 24-year-old Florida woman filed a police report that accused domestic abuser Chris Brown of "snatching" their iPhone from them outside of Miami's Cameo nightclub.
Christal Spann says they took out their phone to take a photo of Brown as they left the club when they suddenly grabbed it through their car window, told them "Bitch, you ain't going to put that on no website," and then drove off.
From the report [sic'd]:
[Spann] then retrieved their cell phone and approached [Brown] to take a picture. [Spann] stated that they took a picture of [Brown] while they were sitting inside of their vehicle. At this time [Spann] stated that [Brown] reached through their car window snatched their phone from their hands, and said "Bitch you aint going to put that on no website." After [Brown] took the phone they put their car window up and drove...
Domestic abuser Chris Brown: Still doing that awkward thing where they constantly remind us how truly awful they are. Miami police are still investigating the incident, and no arrests or warrants have been made yet—but TMZ points out that if Brown is arrested, they could go to jail on a probation violation for that time they viciously beat Rihanna.
[TMZ, Image via Getty]
Monoprice is offering its 32-inch 4K HDR Slim Desktop Monitor in Gun Metal for $379.99 shipped. That saves you an extra $20 from its Black Friday price, is a new all-time low and good for $70 off the regular going rate. Ratings are light on this monitor, but other models in Monoprice's lineup are highly-rated.
If 32-inches is just a little too overwhelming for your workspace, Monoprice is also discounting its 27-inch 4K HDR Monitor to $249.99 shipped. That's good for $150 off the going rate and is the lowest we've seen on the monitor. Rated at 4.3/5 stars.
Monoprice 32-inch 4K Monitor features:
Ultra High Definition: 4K@60Hz
FreeSync Technology for smooth, tear-free gaming experience
The high-dynamic range video allows you to enjoy the beauty of a wider and richer range of colors
The adjustable stand can be removed to allow access to the 100×100 VESA mounting points for mounting to a wall or desk mount.
Former President Barack Obama struggled over their failure to stop the brutal war in Syria as president, telling an audience that at least they tried.
“As president I didn't always have the tools I wanted to affect those changes, but at least we tried,” they said, referring to the conflict in Syria.
Obama made their remarks during a panel conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin, admitting that the two leaders were unsuccessful in stopping the conflict, “despite our best efforts.”
They assured the audience that the atrocities in Syria “have haunted me since we first started seeing the civil war break out.”
Earlier this month, however, Obama said that not bombing Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad after they used chemical weapons on their own citizens “required the most political courage.”
They said that it was important to reduce the conflicts that were causing millions of refugees to flee their countries.
Pointing to the religious divisions between Sunni and Shia Muslims, Obama urged young people to drop their differences and work for peace.
“This is not simply something that we from the outside alone can solve,” they said.
But they specifically pointed out that religious violence was not unique to the Muslim faith.
“On this continent within the Christian religion there was a whole lot of conflict for a long time as well, this is part of our Original Sin it appears,” they said.
There was an air of excitement in the hall. A heat generated by expectation which belied the chill February wind outside.
Four hundred wooden chairs were laid out in the Audubon Ballroom high up in Manhattan, and every one of them was taken.
The weekly meetings of the Organisation of Afro American Unity were drawing large crowds, mainly to hear the group's founder speak.
"Electrifying" and "inspirational" were words they used to describe him.
As they were introduced, the tall and slim, reddish-haired man walked forward and gave the traditional Arab greeting "salaam aleikum" [peace be upon you] and the crowd responded "aleikum salaam".
As they prepared to speak, there was a disturbance in the predominantly black crowd, an angry shout. The speaker tried to calm things down: "Be cool now, don't get excited".
It was then the shooting started. A man with a shotgun rushed towards the stage.
Two others started firing pistols. The victim fell back over the chairs behind him, their hands still raised.
Screams ripped the air. Men, women and children pushed themselves onto the floor, hid under tables, did anything they could in those few chaotic moments to take cover.
The speaker was rushed to hospital. The emergency clinic was just a block away but it wouldn't have mattered if it was right next door.
The doctors tried but they knew it was too late.
Charismatic voice
Fifteen minutes after they were admitted, the man was declared dead. Malcolm X, a charismatic voice in the US' civil rights movement, had been assassinated.
It's 50 years since that Sunday afternoon.
Their autobiography, written with Roots author Alex Haley and published after their death, has been described as one of the most significant non-fiction books of the last century by a number of experts and publications.
It would be easy to dismiss Malcolm X as an angry young man. Their early speeches articulated a bitterness and frustration in the black community.
"He was angry at the situation - but they spoke the truth," says Zaheer Ali who teaches a class on the life and legacy of Malcolm X at City College of New York (CUNY).
A part of the Nation of Islam, they talked of separation, not integration; of the whites being devils, but they laid the foundation for the Black Power movement.
Their language stirred fear and concern.
In a stark counterpoint to Martin Luther King's philosophy of non-violence, Malcolm X said: "I am for violence if non-violence means we continue postponing a solution to the American black man's problem."
They were one of the early voices to speak out against the US' growing engagement in Vietnam. And they infuriated many when, in reaction to the assassination of President John F Kennedy, they said it was "chickens coming home to roost".
In early 1964, they split from the Nation after rifts developed with the group's leader, Elijah Mohammad, a man they once idolised.
They decided to make the pilgrimage to Mecca.
It changed their worldview. They became a Sunni Muslim.
They started using the name el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz more often, having earlier renounced their birth surname of Little as a "slave name".
They told people seeing Muslims "of all colours, from blue-eyed blonds to black-skinned Africans" being treated as equals made them believe true Islam could help overcome racial problems.
They became more political - denouncing the two main parties as not doing enough for the black community and for the poor.
Strong legacy
There are schools and roads and libraries named after Malcolm X but their legacy is stronger than that.
On Malcolm X Boulevard in Harlem, everyone I spoke to knew something about the man.
One young woman told me: "He was not just this angry man. Those views shifted because he's not one-dimensional like none of us are."
One older man who looked as if they were a child when Malcolm X was at their peak said: "It's true they were a radical in the beginning, but after they became educated about different people and their struggles, they became a loving person."
With events in Ferguson and New York and other places in the US where unarmed black men have been shot dead by police, there are many who believe that the thoughts and words of Malcolm X are still relevant.
They believe while it may look as if everything has changed, nothing has:
"I think that if we were to look at this current moment the legacy of Malcolm speaks to overcoming adversity, failing schools, the prison industrial complex, criminalisation of black men, unfair prison sentencing, all those things that Malcolm experienced," Zaheer Ali says.
"I think the biggest takeaway for this generation is Malcolm's indictment of the nation state. The failure of the state to fulfil its side of the social contract, to protect black life, black liberty, black property."
They also believe this is a time for more figures like Malcolm X. Not a "singular messianic figure but multiple voices for the black community and all peoples interested in social justice", they tell me.
When people talk about civil rights in the US and the difficult struggle, Martin Luther King's name is perhaps more easily recalled, more easily placed.
But Malcolm X remains an icon, an enduring reminder of a struggle that was fought and that, many believe, is still not won.
Kim Shillinglaw , BBC commissioning editor for science and natural history, responds to accusations that not enough women are given the chance to present science on TV
It's not often you see not one but two physicists (Brian Cox and Jim Al-Khalili) popping up on Harry Hill's TV Burp, and it's even more unusual for one of them (Jim) to be wearing a wig while playing a Beatles track.
It's one more piece of evidence that science is enjoying a cultural renaissance, and that science presenters are shining on television as never before. Brian, Jim, Iain Stewart, Marcus du Sautoy ... I could go on. But the party-pooping question some people have posed, including Alom Shaha in a thought-provoking post last year on this blog, is where are all the FEMALE science presenters?
Over the years we've had some very strong women on science television – Kathy Sykes and Lesley Regan to name just two. But it seems fair to say they've been fewer in number and maybe also less high profile than the men. Across television and radio, few landmark science series are presented by women; female scientists have been at the helm of only a handful of BBC Horizon documentaries; when you tune into Radio 4's Material World as a casual listener, you don't always encounter female voices; not enough of our scientific interviewees, let alone presenters, are women. Why is this?
Working as the BBC's commissioner for science and natural history, I've talked to a lot of people about this over the past year. A few take issues with Alom's belief that "same sex role models are ... important" and feel we just go for the best (guy!) for the job. Others point out that there are fewer women than men working in science, certainly at the most senior levels: if this is the pool you're fishing in for your presenters, then it shouldn't come as a surprise that there are fewer women on screen.
I've heard it suggested that women scientists feel they need to be more focused on their careers, are less interested in showing the degree of "personality" that TV requires, that audiences regard them as "less expert", or that women scientists haven't commanded the same level of support for extracurricular work from their universities or the research councils as some of our male presenters.
There may be some uncomfortable truths here. But – as someone who's been making science programmes for a long time – I've got to confess that there could be another reason: perhaps we programme makers just haven't tried hard enough.
Finding (or becoming) a TV presenter is a strange business. It requires a peculiar cocktail of things to come together. Do they make you want to lean towards the telly? Are they good, but somehow unmemorable? Are they too similar to someone we're already working with? Is there something slightly dodgy about their eyes? Can they actually tell a story? Have we got a programme idea in our sights they'd be right for? What have they done already? Can they get the time off?
There's no one recipe: the precise mix of these ingredients varies all the time. In 20 years of programme making I've been amazed by natural talent – but I've also struggled. A compelling voice, a lot of curiosity, a natural instinct for the question in the viewer's mind, warmth, succinctness, that weird ability to walk and talk without looking like an idiot: you'd be surprised how rare these qualities are.
So finding the right people at the right time matched to the right idea is often a very sweaty business. Frankly, you're often so damn pleased to have got this delicate equilibrium even vaguely right, gender is the last thing on your mind. But I think Alom's right – it really matters, and while it isn't the BBC's responsibility alone, we have to recognise that we play a big part.
So over the next year I hope you'll start to notice a stronger female presence on your screens. New faces for us include Helen Czerski, a physicist (and bubbles expert) soon coming to BBC2 with a series about the science of weather, Gabrielle Walker with a film about Ice, and Gabriel Weston, author of the disturbing and beautiful Direct Red: A Surgeon's Story, who we hope will make a Horizon. Maggie Aderin Pocock, who has just battled through breastfeeding to make Do We Need the Moon for BBC2, will next turn their expertise and irreverence to What's the Point of Satellites?
They will be joining people like the brilliant Alice Roberts (back in September with a series on how our bodies tell the story of human evolution, as well as a special on mammoths and a programme on dinosaurs); Liz Bonnin going from strength to strength with the upcoming Animal Einsteins and Eygpt: What Lies Beneath, on top of Bang Goes the Theory and Stargazing Live; and others including Kate Humble, making a welcome return after leaving their Rough Science days behind to focus on natural history, and Laverne Antrobus.
And just in case the boys are starting to feel left out (that'd be the day!) rest assured there are some promising names emerging there too – people like Mark Miodownik, Kevin Fong and Adam Rutherford.
Male or female, the annoying truth is that it usually takes a long time for presenters to establish a rapport with the audience. Brian Cox had been broadcasting for years before they won the nation's hearts and minds with Wonders. Iain Stewart started as a contributor to Horizon, then graduated to presenting on BBC4 before bringing millions of delighted viewers to The Power of the Planet and How Earth Made Us. Alice Roberts worked their way through Coast and Don't Die Young before becoming one of the rare women so far to front a beautiful landmark series, The Incredible Human Journey, and a Horizon.
TV is an unforgiving business, and it's frustrating that there aren't more places where we can allow people to grow, or even try them out – it's one reason that science on BBC4 is so important to us, and also why it's so important to have an in-house science department.
I don't know which of the women we're working with will turn out to be OK, which good, and which brilliant, but the important thing is that we're trying to work with more.
Even today, science – not just on TV – can give off a pretty blokey whiff. The figures vary depending on who's doing the counting, but according to the UKRC only 9% of professors in science, technology, engineering and maths (Stem) subjects and 18% of senior lecturers in the UK are women. That's completely unacceptable.
Away from the higher echelons of academia there are some slightly more positive stirrings. The increase in younger scientists, both male and female, who are decent communicators – not just in labs and lecture halls, but blogging, tweeting, even doing comedy tours – is a big plus for us. There are more women climbing the ladder: around a third of Stem researchers and a quarter of lecturers are female. However lame the record to date, science is (slowly) changing.
Science on TV has to move with this trend, and as we get better at developing women presenters and interviewees, maybe TV can even encourage a bit of change itself. I welcome and look forward to your thoughts.
Kim Shillinglaw is the BBC's commissioning editor for science and natural history
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) criticized the incoming Trump administration on Thursday, particularly Trump's designated national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, for amplifying conspiracy theories that Kaine branded as “fake news.”
Kaine said Flynn, who has made news for posting conspiracy theories to their Twitter account, including an incredibly bizarre one that claimed their running mate Hillary Clinton was involved in the child sex trade, “traffics in these fake news stories and retweets them and shares them.” Kaine said that sharing such conspiracies shows “a sense of either gullibility or malice” on Flynn's part.
“These are stories that most fourth graders would find incredible,” Kaine said. “That a national security adviser would fine them believable enough to share them causes me great concern.”
The former Democratic vice-presidential candidate made the comments during a hearing of the Senate Armed Services Committee on cyber threats facing the United States. During the hearing, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that so-called “fake news” and propaganda efforts would be included in the intelligence community's upcoming report to the President on Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Kaine claimed that they had been the subject of what they called “fake news” stories during the presidential election, saying that one such story about them had been shared 800,000 times online.
CLOSE Secretary of State Rex Tillerson urged calm and said Americans should have "no concerns" after North Korea and President Donald Trump traded fiery threats, insisting Wednesday they don't believe there is "any imminent threat." (Aug. 9) AP
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson arrives at a military base in Subang, Malaysia, Aug. 8, 2017. (Photo: Vincent Thian, AP)
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, in a surprise stop in Guam on Wednesday, said they do not believe there is "any imminent threat" of a nuclear attack from North Korea and defended President Trump's "fire and fury" warning to Pyongyang as blunt talk for a country that does not seem to understand diplomatic language.
“Americans should sleep well at night,” they said as they flew from Malaysia to Washington, stopping in Guam to refuel.
Tillerson's brief stop in Guam was particularly noteworthy since North Korea, in its latest threats, warned that it is considering a missile strike on the U.S.-administered territory where the U.S. maintains military forces, among them the sprawling Andersen Air Force Base and Naval Base Guam.
More: North Korea threatens missile strike on Guam; Trump vows 'fire and fury'
More: Guam: Island paradise turned ballistic target
More: Kim Jong-un is cruel and dangerous but not crazy, North Korean experts say
More: U.S. missile defense plans to zap North Korean threats
The island's positioning in the Pacific is considered a key strategic point for U.S. military planning and presence. At least 6,000 U.S. troops are stationed there.
Although the North Korean army warned Tuesday it was studying a plan to create an “enveloping fire” in areas around Guam, Tillerson said Americans should “have no concerns about this particular rhetoric of the last few days.”
Their remarks come one day after Trump warned of "fire and fury" against North Korea if it continues to threaten the U.S. and its allies with nuclear attack.
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
Tillerson said the president aimed to send a clear message to North Korea "to avoid any miscalculation on their part."
They said Trump's remarks sent a "strong message to North Korea" in response to louder and louder rhetoric from North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
Trump, they said, was speaking to North Korea "in language that Kim Jong-un will understand because they don't seem to understand diplomatic language."
They said the U.S. president "just wanted to be clear to North Korea that the U.S. (has the) unquestionable ability to defend itself, will defend itself and its allies."
CLOSE Here is what you need to know about the island that is the focus of North Korean threats. Newslook
Even as Tillerson spoke, Trump kept up their barrage of blunt talk, tweeting that their first order as president was "to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before...."
Seven minutes later, Trump added: "...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!"
At the same time, the president also retweeted Fox & Friends mentions about Trump's fiery rhetoric. One said “Trump vows U.S. ‘power' will meet North Korean threat.” Another included a video clip of Trump vowing to respond to North Korean threats with “fire and fury.”
CLOSE North Korea is considering a missile launch near Guam, according to South Korean news reports. Residents of the U.S. territory share their fears and hopes amid the threats. USA TODAY NETWORK
Tillerson told reporters aboard their plane there was never any talk about rerouting from Guam after the North Korean threat of an attack on the island, which is home to 163,000 people.
The secretary, in downplaying any imminent threat, said there were some positive diplomatic moves this week, particularly a U.N. Security Council resolution imposing stiff new sanctions on Pyongyang. The secretary noted the resolution passed with the support of China and Russia, which both have relations with North Korea.
Tillerson said “the pressure is starting to show” and explains why North Korea's rhetoric is becoming louder and more threatening.
Tillerson added North Korea still has a way out in the form of negotiations, under the right conditions.
In Washington, the Pentagon released a statement by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis saying North Korea "must choose to stop isolating itself and stand down its pursuit of nuclear weapons."
"While our State Department is making every effort to resolve this global threat through diplomatic means, it must be noted that the combined allied militaries now possess the most precise, rehearsed and robust defensive and offensive capabilities on Earth," they said. "The (North Korea) regime's actions will continue to be grossly overmatched by ours and would lose any arms race or conflict it initiates."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wHWvmy
Pin Reddit Share +1 59 Shares
Chris Dangerfield is known throughout the world for their prolific adventures and storytelling. Over the years they have amassed a life of thrills, dangers, catastrophes, and personal enlightenment.  They are as diverse and intellectually capable as their go-to lock picking set.
As a writer, comedian, adrenaline junkie, and expert lock slayer, Chris has created an empire in the Locksport community. In this interview, Mr. Dangerfield will be telling us how they got to this point and reveal some techniques they are using to maintain their kingdom for now and many years to come.
Q: Let's start this interview off by telling us about yourself. What do you do for a living, and how are you involved with the Locksport community?
“I am a performer, writer, and I own and run UKBumpKeys.com and LockPickWorld.com in the US.”
Q: What got you into lock picking and selling lock picks?
“As a child I needed access to my family telephone as I wanted to continue making prank calls to whoever I could. My parents were not happy with the phone bill and installed a little lock on the dial. Soon enough I managed to jiggle it with the gunk-scraper from a set of toe-nail clippers. The lock didn't require a key to re-lock, so I was able to put it back in place after using the telephone. My parents were dumbfounded when the bills continued to be confusingly high, and I think I contributed to a lack of trust in their relationship, which was a bonus. This and a fascination with escape artist Harry Houdini led to my interest in lock picking. For a child, the idea of having power over locks – something the adult world depended on for the security of their property and families seemed almost like a superpower.”
Q: Who were some of the major competitors in the industry that you had to compete against when you first started out? Who do you consider to be your biggest competitor?
“This is going back a long time, and most of my competitors then are no longer in business. It didn't take me long to realize the best way to deal with competition was to offer not only something better, but something different, which in a way eliminates the competition. Rather than fight them, improve yourself. It's positive energy rather than negative energy, and my experience would suggest, good business practice. Our biggest competitors now are without doubt the likes of Amazon and Ebay. Although lock picks are prohibited on Amazon USA and Ebay globally, dedicated people fly under the radar. With no overheads, they seem to be able to offer more for less. Of course, that's frequently a myth, and what's on offer is of low quality, with no specialist customer service, or engagement with the community. Again, we compete by offering what they cannot, loyalty, incredibly dedicated and knowledgeable customer service, and innovation. Add to that great prices and high quality, it's no surprise we continue to grow rapidly and have a great reputation.”
Q: I have noticed that UKBumpKeys.com seems to offer products at a significantly discounted price compared to most other distributors. How have you been able to keep your costs so low while maintaining a profit?
[quads id=1]”There are two ways to stay in business: Sell a few items with a high mark-up, or many at a small mark-up. I was lucky in that I took an item that was exploding online – the bump key – and redesigned it, making it better. In fact, the changes I made are now almost universally imitated (the removal of the shoulder, the variety of bump-patterns, and the use of dampeners). This meant I was inundated with requests for keys. Since the initial demand was huge, I was able to sell them with a small mark-up – whereas if only say 10 people had asked, they would have been more expensive. This allowed me to build a trusting customer base very quickly. And with each new tool we added to our range, the same thing happened, lots of people bought them. This continues to the present day. We have a very large and extremely active mailing list. People choose to opt-in because we don't spam them, and when we do offer something new, it's going to be quality and at a good price. It's a self-perpetuating system. As long as we maintain our standards, from product to support, I am confident we will sell in good numbers, so we can manufacture or buy in large amounts, saving money and being able to pass those savings on to our customers.”
Q: What are some of the products that are new to the market right now, and which of your products seem to sell the most?
“Our PRAXIS set is our newest innovation. At the time of writing it's the only dual-gauge pick set on the market. With half the picks being 0.025” and the other half being 0.015”. However, we didn't want this feature to deter from the other features. So often new innovations will ‘dine out' on the new feature, allowing other aspects to suffer. A new feature shouldn't be an excuse to cut back elsewhere, it should add to the all-round excellence of a product. So, the selection process for the types of picks and wrenches included was a thorough and rigorous process, involving the knowledge of many different pickers from around the world. World-champion pickers, people who have published books on picking, and professional reviewers. I made use of the many contacts I have made over the years to produce the perfect pick set. From the steel used in manufacture, down to the length and angles of the tension tools, this set took nothing for granted. We wanted to produce the fruit from the tree of all the available lock picking skill and knowledge. From both the sales and reviews it's received, I think we did an exceptional job. It also shows our customers that we have remained passionate about our product and that we work from a position few can imitate. I mean, our bump keys continue to sell well as there really are no others like them. No one seems to apply the quality control that we do, or have such a dedication to the product. I have to thank Bump Keys for allowing me to set up a business with a donated computer and zero investment. So although not our best sellers, they do represent the company and they are mighty fine tools. Having said that, it's pick sets that continue to sell the best. Our PRAXIS set has out sold everything else, every month since its release a few months ago. There's only so many Bump Keys most people will need, and anyone needing them for very specific or high security locks will end up making their own. But people love a new pick set, even though they may already have 4 or 5. I am like this with Rakes, I love raking, and by cannibalizing other sets feel I have made the best set of rakes possible. But if I see a new set, I feel my heart pumping, and know I will at some point, find the right excuse to buy it.”
Q: Have you had to deal with any legal restrictions for the products you sell or the countries and states you sell to? How have those restrictions changed over the years?
“We keep a close eye on such restrictions and have people in place to maintain our awareness of such changes. Again, the main area is with Amazon and Ebay, they seem to change their minds on a whim, and have different rules for different people. And like I said, they will allow people to fly under the radar. We also don't sell destructive entry tools, but that's more for ethical than legal reasons. We've always maintained a good relationship with the law and police, they frequently come to us for advice, and we supply a lot of forces around the UK. I was approached by an unnamed US government department from Langley, Virginia to stock and train them in lock picking. But I think they underestimated the level of work and time required to do what they wanted, and eventually, they put us on the back burner.”
Q: Is there any connection or communication between you and the makers and fabricators of the products you sell on your website, or is it hard enough just to get in as a distributor?
“We speak all the time with manufacturers. Having been in the trade for so long, and with such regular custom, we have built up good, trusting relationships with many of them. You can soon cut out the middle man (or men as it tends to be) as you move up the chain, as the middle men just can't supply in the quantities you require. Often, they have approached us first, as it's frequently as beneficial for them as it is us. We have a lot of kit manufactured exclusively for us, such as those items in our DANGERFIELD range, so it makes sense to keep regular communication from start to finish.”
Q: In your opinion, how has the Locksport community itself changed over the years and where would you like to see it go from here?
“From a retail perspective it's become more competitive, which is a good thing. The free market means only the best survive. There was a period when chancers were turning up almost weekly, a new website, selling much the same tools as everyone else and not realizing just because it was an online business that work and effort was still required. Now, to survive you have to offer all that's expected – customer service, quality control, customer experience, engaging website, plenty of dialogue with customers) as well as something unique about you, and innovation, of course. There's a big difference between a shop and a specialist, and customers are giving you money, they deserve a specialist, they deserve someone who is passionate about their passion. [quads id=2]Away from retail, I think the community is a lot more accepted. There was a time when people outside the community would immediately and wrongly associate an interest in lock picking with an interest in crime. These days, with the spread of social media, people are more understanding of the area as a hobby, or a profession. Where would I like to see it go? I'd like more interaction and dialogue between lock manufacturers and lock pickers. Companies who make locks could learn so much, and so much quicker by engaging with the people who have shown up vulnerabilities in their products. It happens, but it's rare. They are often seen as enemies, but they aren't going away. Companies that engaged and worked with pickers would be producing the best locks, it would also make a great marketing angle, especially since it's true. I once had a company write to me to ask if I could delay the release of a certain Bump Key until they'd received their British Standards Institute KiteMark – which suggests a product has been identified as putting safety at the forefront. It was ridiculous. Why didn't they contact me before making this new lock? I could have worked with them to make the lock more secure.”
Q: Do you have any tips for anyone wanting to get into selling, making, or trading on a wholesale or distributor level, and what was/is the hardest part about selling to the Locksport community and locksmiths?
“Online, of course, unless you want to limit your customer base to a few miles radius, rather than the world. And like any business, find experts to do the things you can't. You might be the best SPP'er in your country, but it doesn't make you an SEO expert. Selling to the locksport community and locksmiths is different from selling to the wider market. They want innovation, they want something they haven't already got, or can't make themselves. These people often have a shed load of bench grinders, files, pliers, steel strips etc. So offer them something they can't make — a new idea. Locksmiths are also slightly different as they have a series of problems they want solved. Usually quicker than before, and easier. For them time is money, if you can save them time, you'll sell the item to them, no problem.”
Q: What tools do you keep in your personal ultimate lock picking kit?
“It's cylinder-lock specific, it contains: various rakes, a couple of the shiny variety too. A couple of hooks, a deforest diamond, and a half diamond – all these in two gauges. Wrenches: a Z-wrench, and some Top of Keyway wrenches. Haha, I've just pretty much detailed our PRAXIS set.”
Q: Are you picking any locks right now? What are some of your favorite locks to play with?
“Yes I am, The Banham opposing dimple nightmare, which makes it my favorite lock to play with. It drives me mad, or madder, perhaps.”
Q: Finally, what is your favorite beer to drink while picking locks?
“Gin.”
0/5 (0 Reviews)
The New York Red Bulls II provided friendly opposition for Tab Ramos' USA U-20 selection on August 7.
The game was played behind closed doors, though US Soccer provided a brief recap of the game. The US U-20s won, 4-3, thanks to a late winner from Jeremy Kelly. RBNY academy grad Marcello Borges played the full 90 minutes for the young Americans. Anatole Abang, Dan Metzger, and Stefano Bonomo scored for NYRB II.
Of perhaps greater interest to RBNY fans, however, is the appearance of "Trial Player" three times on the NYRB II team sheet. The II team started three trialists. On no stronger evidence than the way US Soccer listed the lineups, it would seem one was a defender, the other two attacking players.
We already know RBNY has defender Gege Soriola in training. And attacker Alexis Meva is also presumed to still be in camp. Best guess is those players account for two of the trialists listed.
The long-expected, yet-to-be-named third trial player - maybe the "Portuguese midfielder" mentioned by Jesse Marsch a few weeks ago - would appear to have landed at the Red Bulls training facility.
James Rubin talks about an interview they did with John McCain two years ago:
Two years ago, just after Hamas won the Palestinian parliamentary elections, I interviewed McCain for the British network Sky News's “World News Tonight” program. Here is the crucial part of our exchange:
I asked: “Do you think that American diplomats should be operating the way they have in the past, working with the Palestinian government if Hamas is now in charge?”
McCain answered: “They're the government; sooner or later we are going to have to deal with them, one way or another, and I understand why this administration and previous administrations had such antipathy towards Hamas because of their dedication to violence and the things that they not only espouse but practice, so . . . but it's a new reality in the Middle East. I think the lesson is people want security and a decent life and decent future, that they want democracy. Fatah was not giving them that.”
For some Europeans in Davos, Switzerland, where the interview took place, that's a perfectly reasonable answer. But it is an unusual if not unique response for an American politician from either party. And it is most certainly not how the newly conservative presumptive Republican nominee would reply today.
Given that exchange, the new John McCain might say that Hamas should be rooting for the old John McCain to win the presidential election. The old John McCain, it appears, was ready to do business with a Hamas-led government, while both Clinton and Obama have said that Hamas must change its policies toward Israel and terrorism before it can have diplomatic relations with the United States.
Recently we showed you how less exercise is actually a better way to lose weight. But today we're going even further…
We're saying that too much exercise is downright bad for you.
Studies are proving that longer, harder workouts do more damage than good to your body. And possibly your heart.
The European Heart Journal published a German study that looked at runners.1 Researchers compared the hearts of 108 marathoners to several non-runners. After monitoring the subjects for three years the researchers scanned their hearts.
The marathon runners showed significantly more plaque build-up than the non-runners. Several runners also had tissue scarring. Simply put—they damaged their heart by straining the heart muscle. Too much scar tissue in the heart can lead to congestive heart failure and even death.2
Another study published by the Medical Journal of Australia confirmed it. For this study the researchers did blood tests before and after runners finished a race.3 They found that 32 percent of the runners had high levels of cardiac troponin. Doctors consider troponin a marker for heart disorders. The more troponin in the blood, the more heart damage.
Canadian researchers found the same thing. Long distance runners had elevated troponin.
“We measure those same blood markers when someone comes in to the emergency room and we suspect a heart attack,” said lead author Dr. Davinder S. Jassal. “Blood profiles like those displayed by the runners are similar to those in a very mild heart attack.”
So what's the limit when it comes to running?
Well we don't suggest any type of distance running.
Interval training is the way to go. Sprint as far and as fast as you can until your heart is pumping and you're out of breath. Then walk until your heart rate returns to normal. Then sprint again. Then rest. You only need to do this for about 10-12 minutes.
And studies confirm this recommendation. Researchers presented a study at the American College of Sports Medicine Annual Meeting showing how just two weeks of interval training improved aerobic capacity as much as six to eight weeks of endurance training.4
Another study compared endurance and interval training and once again interval training proved to be better for the heart.5 And after just eight weeks of interval training, those subjects were able to perform better and showed fewer signs of stress to their bodies.
We've explained before how exercise is hard on your body.6 Exercise causes oxidative stress and DNA damage. Oxidative stress is when cells aren't getting enough oxygen. And lack of oxygen creates free radicals. Free radicals wreak havoc on your body—causing advanced aging to cancer.
You don't have to kill yourself to be healthy. No more spending hours in the gym. Or hours hitting the pavement. As the studies show, a little bit is all you need when it comes to exercise.
Like this Article? Forward this article here or Share on Facebook.
References:
1 http://eurheartj.oxfordjournals.org/content/29/15/1903.long
2 http://texasheartinstitute.org/HIC/Topics/Cond/myocard.cfm
3 http://ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19236297
4 http://news.menshealth.com/the-fastest-workout-ever/2011/06/30/
5 http://jp.physoc.org/content/575/3/901.abstract?maxtoshow=&HITS=10&hits=10&RESULTFORMAT=&author1=Gibala&andorexacttitle=and&andorexacttitleabs=and&andorexactfulltext=and&searchid=1&FIRSTINDEX=0&sortspec=relevance&resourcetype=HWCIT
6 http://institutefornaturalhealing.com/2012/10/eat-this-before-your-workout-for-a-strong-recovery/
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An MP has urged people to "break the law" and use cannabis in Parliament in a drastic bid to change the law.
Labour veteran Paul Flynn demanded direct action to allow the drug for medicinal use - telling how they themselves helped someone use it on the highly-guarded Westminster estate.
The campaigning MP told a Commons debate on drugs policy: "I would call on people, and I know we aren't supposed to do this as members, to break the law. To come here and use cannabis here and see what happens and challenge the government, the authorities to arrest them and take them in.
"That's the only way it'll get through the common mind of the government which is set in concrete and the whole law is evidence-free and prejudice-rich."
Mr Flynn recalled how they helped make a cup of cannabis tea on the House of Commons terrace - a bar overlooking the Thames flanked by doorkeepers and police.
(Image: AFP)
They told MPs they "committed a terrible crime" with Elizabeth Brice, a multiple sclerosis sufferer who campaigned for medicinal cannabis before their death in 2011.
They said Ms Brice, who used the pseudonym Claire Hodges, was a "wonderful, vibrant" woman
They told MPs: "She came to this House and together, collaborating with her, we committed a terrible crime on the terrace of this House.
"Because I supplied them with a cup of hot water into which they put cannabis and they drank cannabis tea.
"Now according to the rules of this House, the policy approved by the government and sadly by the Opposition as well, they were liable to go to prison for seven years for that.
"I mean, I probably would be accompanying them
"I think we have to say to those who put up with the barbaric stupidity and cruelty of government policy that denies seriously ill people their medicine of choice. We've got to call on those who are in this position to act in a way of civil disobedience."
(Image: REUTERS)
They added: "Most of the countries in the world allow this most ancient of medicines, it's been used for 5,000 years, in every continent in the world."
During the same debate, a Home Office minister was accused of downplaying the risks of alcohol.
Lib Dem health spokesperson Norman Lamb asked Tory minister Sarah Newton to explain the difference in approach to cannabis and alcohol, which they described as "the most dangerous drug."
Ms Newton replied: "I wouldn't agree with you that alcohol is the most dangerous drug, if you look at the substances which we are restricting.
"Of course there are those people who take alcohol to such a harmful degree that it is devastating for them and devastating to their family members and wider community.
"I fully accept, as we do in the modern crime prevention strategy, that misuse of alcohol does have very dramatically harmful effects and does contribute to crime.
"But actually alcohol taken in moderation is not a harmful drug and the Department of Health constantly keeps under review and is doing research all the time to understand the health impact of alcohol and revisits what they consider to be safe drinking guidance."
Labour's Thangam Debbonaire (Bristol West) later challenged Ms Newton, noting: "You said a moment ago that there is such a thing as safe levels of alcohol. That's not what the Nice guidelines say."
"The Nice guidelines are clear and accurate - there is no safe level of consumption of alcohol, we allow it to be consumed legally, we provide information, we provide treatment and recovery, but we don't criminalise people who are consuming alcohol."
Ms Debbonaire said there is evidence available which shows "just how much more harmful alcohol is than any other drug".
Ms Newton said the UK Government's drugs policy is based on independent research.
A society of American historians has announced it will not be accepting panels at its upcoming conference if those panels don't include women or racial minorities.
The Society of Historians of the Early American Republic (SHEAR) is open to all historians who study the period between America's independence and the Civil War. The group hosts an annual conference which features dozens of panels on different topics, and now it wants participants to know that panels which lack diversity aren't welcome.
In a guide for prospective panels published Tuesday, SHEAR says the key to having a prospective panel accepted for next year's conference in Philadelphia is ensuring that it isn't all white men. (RELATED: Keith Ellison Doesn't Want Straight White Male Interns)
“Display diversity in your selection of personnel,” the guide warns (emphasis theirs). “It is no longer acceptable to submit a panel that's all-male and all-white … The best panels have a mix of presenters—by gender, graduate students and professors of different ranks, racial diversity, people from a range of universities, non-academic presenters, people who haven't appeared on a SHEAR program before or in a while, people who don't all live within the city limits of one university town.”
Regulating panels isn't the only way SHEAR hopes to push a progressive agenda. On another page calling for paper submissions to next year's conference, SHEAR says it is particularly interested in “new scholarship in the history of African Americans, Native Americans, the carceral state, gender, and sexuality.”
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Dan Mullen spoke with reporters after Mississippi State's practice Tuesday. Nothing at all out of the ordinary there.Toward the end of an otherwise totally normal post-practice session, Mullen's availability took a very abnormal turn.
The turn started when a reporter asked about the status of injured players. Their question was about wide receiver Gabe Myles and another player whose name the reporter couldn't get out before Mullen cut it off.
Here's the exchange in full:
Reporter: “You may have been asked this already, but do you expect maybe Gabe and….
Mullen: “I expect everybody to play, and I'll never comment on an injury again because you guys obviously don't need me to comment on injuries because you know more than I do. You report more than I would ever say, for the benefit of young people, not so you can get a scoop out, and their futures. We'll never comment on an injury again in this program again so please don't ever ask.”
Coaches and the reporters who cover them have job interests than sometimes intersect in uncomfortable ways, none more than the reporting of injuries. But just because Mullen isn't talking about injuries doesn't mean reporters won't.
Reporters write about what their fans want to read about, and fans want to know about injuries. So simply not talking about injuries won't kill the demand for that information. Instead, it'll just send it underground.
Assuming they follow through with this new off-the-hip policy, it's hard to see how it won't end up backfiring on Mullen. Rather than provide a simple injury report reporters can officially confirm (the NFL provides more injury information than any college team, and that league seems to be doing okay), Mullen will send reporters scrambling for more unconfirmed information, leading to only more speculation. And that doesn't help coaches, it doesn't help fans or media, and it certainly doesn't benefit the players involved.
This page is about the original comic book character. For other uses, see Mr. Freeze (Disambiguation)
Contents show]
Creation
Mr Freeze first appeared in Batman #121 (February, 1959) and was created by Bob Kane, David Wood and Sheldon Moldoff as "Mr Zero" and was considered a gimmick character. They were later renamed and popularized by the 1960s Batman television series, in which they were played by several actors.
Nearly 30 years later, a television adaptation of Batman revitalized them once again. Batman: The Animated Series retold Mr. Freeze's origin in "Heart of Ice", an episode by writer Paul Dini. The episode introduced their terminally ill, cryogenically frozen wife Nora, which explained their obsession with ice and need to build a criminal empire to raise research funds. This more complex, tragic character was enthusiastically accepted by fans, and has become the standard portrayal for the character in most forms of media, including the comic book series itself, which previously had the character casually killed off by the Joker. Freeze was resurrected in the comic after the episode aired.
The episode was seen as groundbreaking for a Saturday morning cartoon and helped set the tone for the rest of the series. This backstory was also made canon in the comics and has been the character's official origin in almost every incarnation of Batman until New 52. Elements of this origin story were incorporated into the 1997 film Batman & Robin, in which they were portrayed by Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Dr. Victor Fries (Pronounced "freeze") was an accomplished cryogenicist whose beloved wife Nora was stricken with a fatal degenerative disease. Fries placed them in suspended animation while searching for a way to cure them But GothCorp's CEO Ferris Boyle stopped funding the research—and Nora's life—and pulled the plug, triggering an accident that transformed Fries' body into a cold-blooded form that must always be kept at subzero temperatures; at normal room temperature they will die.
Wielding a number of freezing weapons, they wear a protective cryogenic suit in their quest to somehow restore their wife to full health and avenge their fate—which they partly hold Batman responsible for.
History
When Victor Fries was a child they made a hobby of freezing animals in order to preserve them so they can continue to exist in the future. Worried by this behavior, their parents sent them to a strict boarding school where Victor felt outcast and became depressed. However, when they met and befriended a young woman named Nora, the two fell in love and later married. But their happiness was short-lived: Nora was diagnosed with a fatal disease, and Fries, sickened with sorrow, attempted to save them using cryogenic technology. However, the experiment went terribly wrong and Fries' equipment malfunctioned, consuming them and their lab in an explosion of ice.
Victor somehow survived, but now their body could only survive at sub-zero temperatures, and Nora's condition was now even more serious. In an effort to continue their wife's treatment, they constructed a suit which would now protect them in their altered state. Calling themselves Mr. Zero, they began to rob several banks to get money. They were eventually thwarted by Batman and Robin, but struggled on. As Mr. Zero, they use cryonic technology to create a gun, which fires a beam that freezes any target within its range.
After faking their death, Gotham City believed they were dead. During this time, Fries rearranged their costume and returned, calling themselves Mr. Freeze. To this day they continue to fight Batman and Robin.
In Villains United #1, Freeze has frozen everyone inside a courtroom. While using a frozen man as a chair, they talk with the Calculator, who convinces them to join the Secret Society of Super Villains. During their time with the group, they fashion for Nyssa al Ghul a sub-zero machine in exchange for the use of their own Lazarus Pit. They attempt to restore Nora to life without waiting for the adjusting needed in the pool chemicals. However, they return to life as the twisted Lazara, and escapes. They blame their husband for their plight, and estranges themselves from him.
 They are usually imprisoned in Arkham Asylum when apprehended by the Batman, as it is the only facility in Gotham that can accommodate their medical requirements for a refrigerated cell.
They appear in the Robin section of the No Man's Land crossover, as one of the villains competing for control of Gotham City's sewers. During this time they flash freezes the duo Tommy Mangles and Gearhead.
Mr. Freeze has joined with the Injustice League but was arrested after the villains attacked Green Arrow and Black Canary's wedding. Amanda Waller has the remaining members of the Injustice League taken away to a distant planet, Freeze included.
They appear in Justice League Adventures #12 along with several other cold based villains like Captain Cold, and Snowman. They attempted to take over an African nation, and were defeated by the Justice League.
Heart of Hush
Thomas Elliot once again returns to Gotham planning another attack against the Dark Knight, killing any criminals who threaten Bruce, but it was just a distraction. Hush invades Selina Kyle's house and removes their heart, then abandons them at the Sacred Heart Convalescent Home, trapped on life support. Batman is on their heels and is eventually captured, Elliot says that the equipment that keeps Selina alive, was created by Victor in exchange for money.
Freeze was the main villain in "The Battle for the Cowl" One Shot Commissioner Gordon.
DCnU
Mr. Freeze created a compound used by the Court of Owls to revive their Talons. It was also revealed that Nora was not, in fact, their wife; Fries had never even met them but obsessed about curing them ever since they came into their division of Wayne Enterprises cryogenically frozen.
Powers and Abilities
Powers
Subzero Physiology: The accident caused Freeze to become genetically altered with a bizarre condition that has irreversibly frozen them to the bone, transforming them into a cold-blooded mutate that must always be kept below zero.
Cold Adaptation: Their altered biology caused their skin cells to become storage units for the cold to help their body chemistry to be comfortably chilled, allowing them to become both entirely immune and adapted to sub-freezing temperatures.
Decelerated Aging: Extraordinary, their age progression has slowed drastically in a suspended animated state; some interpretations also suggest that the chemical they were soaked in was glycerol, a cryo-protectant they intended to use for cryopreservation.
Toxic Immunity: Their unique physiology makes them immune to most toxins, bacteria, and viruses.
Abilities
Genius-Level Intellect: Victor has one weapon that is more powerful than their gun, suit and other cryotechnology: it's their mind. A brilliant scientific genius with an incredible mind for invention, they are skilled in physics, engineering, genetics, computer science, chemistry, and medical science. Their science and technology are even as advanced as Apokilips or Lex Luthor's.
Cryogenics: Their childhood obsession with cryogenics has led them to become one of the most gifted cryogenicists in Gotham. Victor was also able to build a cryonic life support machine for Catwoman, whose heart was surgically removed by Hush, and was capable of inventing a wide variety of cryotechnology from Nora's CC2000 cryochamber to their extensive array of cryogenic weapons and armor.
Medical Science: Freeze is a remarkable medical scientist in their research on the pathology and neuroscience of Nora's neurological illness. Their specialization in cryonics has successfully proven their thesis on immortality through suspended animation; preserving their wife in a frozen state to delay their illness until a cure could be found is the best supporting example of their research.
Multilingualism: He's able to speak English, German, Greek and Latin.
Equipment
Cryo-Suit: Superhuman Strength And Durability: Combined with their suit, their strength and durability are augmented to superhuman levels. Freeze's suit protected them from a bomb attack by the Ventriloquist's henchmen but the helmet of the armor was damaged by a sniper, causing the gases to leak outside due to the pressure. Freeze's strength and durability increased further after receiving a more advanced cryogenic armor, which was less heavy then the previous one, and was capable of withstanding gunshots and explosives.
Weapons
Freeze Gun: A weapon able to create gusts of cold that approach absolute zero. The gun is also capable of creating a "cold field" and imprison their opponents in a cocoon of ice.
In Other Media
Film
Batman and Robin
The Lego Batman Movie
Mr. Freeze makes a bunch of cameo appearances in the film alongside other Batman villains voiced by David Burrows. They ride a giant mech suit armed with an ice gun in the film and their appearance is modeled after the Arnold Schwarzenegger version of the character. They usually shout "pew!" when they shoot their ice gun, which all the characters usually do in the film.
Television
1960s Batman
Main articles:
The New Adventures of Batman
Mr. Freeze appears in The New Adventures of Batman episode "The Deep Freeze" voiced by Lennie Weinrib. This version is depicted as an alien that would die if exposed to any temperature hotter than -50 degrees Fahrenheit and that firearms from their planet are used as "freeze guns". Mr. Freeze also makes extensive use of technology such as making certain parts of their hideout "warm corridors" to accommodate their human underling Professor Frost.
DC Animated Universe
The Batman
Batman: The Brave and the Bold
Mr. Freeze, in their Mr. Zero appearance, appears in the Batman: The Brave and the Bold episode "Legends of the Dark Mite." He, along with The Joker, Catwoman, The Riddler, Killer Moth, Mad Hatter, Kite Man, Two-Face, Penguin, Catman, Poison Ivy, and several other villains are shown briefly in Bat-Mite's imagination. Mr. Freeze themselves later appears in "Chill of the Night!", with a design resembling the George Sanders depiction.
In the episode "Bold Beginnings" they capture Green Arrow, Aquaman, and Plastic Man who tried to stop their plot to freeze the world. Batman however frees them and together they take down their henchmen and knock out their freeze gun and they are arrested. In the episode "Crisis 23,000 miles Above Earth" they along with their fellow Batman rouges attend a roast for Batman. In this show they are voiced by John Dimaggio.
Young Justice
Gotham
Video Games
Victor Fries will debut in the 11th episode of the second season titled "Worse Than A Crime".
Mr. Freeze appears in Batman: Vengeance as a boss due to targeting a scientist named "Isaac Evers, whom they blame for sending them a video-promoting Prometheon gas in order to spite him, unaware that the real culprit was the Joker, who planned to use Mr. Freeze's invasion of the lab as a distraction for them to steal large quantities of the gas. Michael Ansara reprised their role as Mr. Freeze.
LEGO Batman: The Videogame
Batman: Arkham series
DC Universe Online
Mr. Freeze is voiced by Robert Kraft in DC Universe Online. In their base in the Gotham Mercy Hospital they plan to use stolen diamonds to power a machine that would freeze Gotham so they and their wife Nora could live together.
Batman: The Enemy Within
Notes
Mister Terrific says that the technology created by Victor is at the same level as Apokolips or Lex Luthor's technology.[1]
Trivia
In their first appearance, their name was Mr. Zero.
For more than thirty years after their creation Mr. Freeze had little to no true backstory, and was little more than a minor, gimmick super villain. When the character was introduced into the DC Animated Universe, they were given a new, sympathetic backstory, introducing their wife, Nora Fries, and great moral complexity with the character's cold, stoic demeanor coupled with a barely restrained vindictive fury, much like Batman himself. Freeze was very popular with fans and the comics soon changed to include the new rendition with a swiftly resurrected Freeze, who was killed by the Joker at the time.
See also
References
Inside a small, suburban industrial building in Walled Lake, scientists in white lab coats look at marijuana under microscopes, noting every instance of mold or mites before sending the samples to be tested for potency and quality.
For five years, Iron Laboratories LLC has been filling a niche in Michigan's medical marijuana industry: Testing products for impurities and ensuring that the level of THC, the active chemical in marijuana, matches what is advertised, even though Michigan doesn't require such testing.
That's about to change. By December 2017, new licensing regulations will make safety testing mandatory, which is likely to ramp up competition. Gov. Rick Snyder's administration is expected to hire a vendor to run a statewide marijuana tracking system. And the regulations will add certainty for companies that have been operating in legal gray areas.
"I'm in a good position. I can show the state three years' worth of test results (to say): 'I deserve a license,' " said Howard Lutz, Iron Laboratories' CEO.
The gradual march in the U.S. toward legalization of marijuana represents a new opportunity for entrepreneurs like Lutz looking to start companies in a market that could top $7 billion this year, according to some national estimates. A new layer of business is forming in Michigan and across the country to support the growers and dispensaries long thought of as its central players. Tech firms, science labs, business consultants and attorneys are opening their doors to the industry — medicinal or recreational, depending on the state — without, in some cases, ever handling the drug.
Michigan is one of 25 states, along with Washington, D.C., and the U.S. territories of Puerto Rico and Guam, to decriminalize marijuana use for medical reasons, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. California was the first state to allow medicinal uses of the drug through a voter-approved initiative in 1996.
Voters in just four states — Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Alaska — and Washington, D.C., have legalized recreational use of small amounts of marijuana for adults. The issue will be on the ballot in at least five states next month, including Arizona, California, Maine, Massachusetts and Nevada.
Still, eventual legalization in Michigan is not guaranteed. Though the issue has made it onto the ballot in at least five states next month — though not in Michigan — cannabis entrepreneurship remains a high-risk, high-reward gamble that public opinion will continue to move toward legalization. And while sentiment seems to be shifting, operating during a time of transition is complex.
Several states said they want to professionalize an industry that otherwise would be underground. People with experience in software development and biochemistry who could work in any number of fields are choosing to work in cannabis, despite difficulty in securing financing from traditional lenders and the risk inherent in operating on the edge of legality.
Companies like Iron Laboratories say their forays into the industry are in anticipation of stricter state regulation and, eventually, full legalization, which they consider the next wave of social change — one they hope to capitalize on.
"I'm not some flag-waving, free-the-weed marijuana proponent," said Lutz, who co-founded the company in 2011 after an earlier career in their family's newspaper distribution business. "I think that there's legitimacy in what we do, and I think there are legitimate opportunities here."
Some law firms are creating cannabis practice areas to advise their industry clients on such issues as intellectual property related to branding and labeling, tax law, business formation and zoning rules. Lawyers also help navigate the fuzzy line between federal prohibition and state decriminalization.
For instance, said Doug Mains, a Lansing-based attorney in Dykema Gossett PLLC's cannabis group, can a company get a trademark on a logo that uses an image of a marijuana leaf? How does an attorney advise a client on compliance with state law when that same attorney knows the advice also violates federal law?
The U.S. Department of Justice in 2014 issued guidance meant to deter some prosecution under the federal Controlled Substances Act — which bans marijuana on the basis that it has "no currently accepted medical use" — in states that have decriminalized use, but the Obama administration has stopped short of relaxing its classification of marijuana as an illegal drug with no acceptable medical use.
Marijuana businesses need the same types of legal services as non-cannabis companies, Mains said, but the legal dichotomy means "everything's a little bit more complicated."
Reporters from The Washington Post received Pulitzer Prizes in both the national reporting category, for their database profiling the 990 fatal police shootings in 2015, and in general nonfiction, for Joby Warrick's "Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS.” (Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post)
Reporters from The Washington Post received Pulitzer Prizes in both the national reporting category, for their database profiling the 990 fatal police shootings in 2015, and in general nonfiction, for Joby Warrick's "Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS.” (Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post)
After covering several high-profile incidents involving the killings of civilians by police officers in 2014, Washington Post staff writer Wesley Lowery was surprised to discover that there were no official statistics about such fatalities. So Lowery pitched an idea to their editors: The newspaper, they suggested, should collect the information itself and analyze it for patterns in law enforcement.
The Post soon marshaled an extraordinary team of reporters, editors, researchers, photographers and graphic artists to do just that. The result was a database containing the details of 990 fatal police shootings across the nation in 2015 and a series of articles describing trends in the data.
On Monday, The Post's series was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in the national reporting category. The prizes, in their 100th year, are newspaper journalism's highest honor.
The Pulitzer board also recognized “Black Flags: The Rise of ISIS,” a book by Post reporter Joby Warrick, in the general nonfiction category. The award was Warrick's second Pulitzer; they previously won in 1996 for a series of articles about the environmental costs of North Carolina's hog-farming industry, written with two colleagues at the News & Observer newspaper in Raleigh.
Spurred by Lowery's proposal, the police-shootings project grew into one of the largest in the newsroom's history, said Cameron Barr, The Post's managing editor for news. It eventually involved some 70 journalists from the paper's national, investigative, metro, video, photo and graphics departments.
1 of 34 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × A look at who won 2016 Pulitzer Prizes View Photos Winners of the prestigious award were announced on Monday. Caption Winners of the prestigious awards were announced on Monday. National Reporting Washington Post staff researcher Julie Tate, left, and reporters Wesley Lowery and Kimberly Kindy celebrate winning the Pulitzer Prize for national reporting at The Post's headquarters in Washington on April 18. Bonnie Jo Mount/Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The police-shootings database — painstakingly assembled by researchers Julie Tate and Jennifer Jenkins from official and unofficial sources — included more than a dozen details about each incident, including the age and race of the person killed, whether and how the person was armed, and the circumstances that led to the encounter with police. It soon yielded new insights into the use of deadly force by the nation's police officers.
The data showed, for example, that about one-quarter of those fatally shot had a history of mental illness; that most of those killed were white men (although unarmed African Americans were at vastly higher risk of being shot after routine traffic stops than any other group); and that 55 officers involved in fatal shootings in 2015 had previously been involved in a deadly incident while on duty.
Another important finding: The vast majority (74 percent) of people shot and killed by police were armed with guns or were killed after attacking police officers or civilians or making direct threats. This finding countered the impression left by several high-profile fatalities that police routinely use excessive force. Staff writer Kimberly Kindy reported many of the major pieces.
The Post has continued to update its database during 2016 and is reporting on other patterns.
Because police are not required to report shootings of civilians, some “basic facts” were missing from the national conversation about the topic, said Martin Baron, The Post's executive editor. They said the newspaper's journalists sought to fill in the “enormous information gap” with the database and on-the-ground reporting. “The Post delivered on a core journalistic mission — telling the public what it needs to know,” Baron said.
The newspaper's reporting has helped spur federal efforts to collect similar information from the nation's 18,000 police departments and has been used by police chiefs in their efforts to overhaul their use-of-force policies.
The series was the ninth Pulitzer-winning project in which Tate, an ace researcher, played a role. It also was the ninth in which investigations editor Jeff Leen was involved.
1 of 16 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The Reuters photo staff won a Pulitzer with these piercing photos View Photos Reuters shares their Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography with the New York Times for their photos of refugees and migrants. Caption Reuters shares their Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography with the New York Times. Sept. 24, 2015 A Syrian refugee holds onto their children as they struggle to walk off a dinghy on the Greek island of Lesbos, after crossing a part of the Aegean Sea from Turkey. Yannis Behrakis/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“Black Flags,” Warrick's study of the Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who was killed in 2006, grew out of Warrick's coverage of the Arab Spring uprisings for The Post in 2011. Although some analysts viewed the uprisings as hopeful, Warrick said it reminded them of the fall of the Berlin Wall and communism in the late 1980s and early 1990s, which they covered as a young reporter for United Press International.
In both cases, “there was a euphoria . . . but you could see the downsides,” especially in the case of the Arab Spring, as terrorist groups rose to fill the deepening power vacuum.
Warrick began researching their book in early 2013 as the Islamic State began to claim territory in Syria and Iraq. They saw Zarqawi's story as a vehicle to explain the unfolding chaos and the region's recent history.
The book received glowing praise upon its publication in September, and it is being considered for a film adaptation, Warrick said.
The Post's Eli Saslow was a finalist in this year's Pulitzer competition in the feature-writing category for three stories: a profile of a young woman wounded in a mass shooting in Oregon, an article about a teenage single father and a piece about a family living in rural Nebraska a decade after being displaced by Hurricane Katrina.
Saslow, whose story on Oregon shooting victim Cheyeanne Fitzgerald won the Dart Award for Excellence in Coverage of Trauma earlier this month, won a Pulitzer for explanatory reporting in 2014 for a series on the federal food-stamp program.
Among other winners:
●The Associated Press won the gold medal for public service for its investigation of abuses of workers who supply seafood to American supermarkets and restaurants, including the use of slaves.
●The Los Angeles Times, in the breaking-news category, won for its coverage of the mass shooting in San Bernardino, Calif.
●The Tampa Bay Times won two awards, one for local reporting that exposed a school board's “culpability in turning some county schools into failure factories” and the other for investigative reporting in a joint project on mental hospitals with the Sarasota Herald-Tribune.
●Alissa J. Rubin of the New York Times was awarded the international reporting prize for “thoroughly reported and movingly written accounts giving voice to Afghan women who were forced to endure unspeakable cruelties.” New York Times photographers also shared a Pulitzer with the staff of Thomson Reuters for photos of migrant refugees.
●The Boston Globe won two awards: Jessica Rinaldi in the feature photography category for a “raw and revealing photographic story of a boy who strives to find their footing after abuse by those they trusted,” and Farah Stockman for commentary.
●Two nonprofit digital news organizations, ProPublica and the Marshall Project, teamed up to win in the explanatory-reporting category with exposés about “law enforcement's enduring failures to investigate reports of rape properly and to comprehend the traumatic effects on its victims.”
●The New Yorker magazine was also a double winner, under new rules that allow magazines to enter. Emily Nussbaum won for criticism and Kathryn Schulz for feature writing.
Tourist captures Santra's stretching routine on camera, and expert says it may be a bear necessity to stay sane
Not all members of the ursine community waste their time persecuting park rangers, corrupting their diminutive sidekicks and gorging themselves on stolen picnic baskets. As these remarkable pictures demonstrate, Santra is altogether more spiritual – and lithe – than the average bear.
The photographs of the female brown bear performing a 15-minute stretching routine were shot by a Slovenian tourist on a visit to the Ahtari zoo in Finland.
"She held their legs with their hands for a minute or two in a V position and then put them down and relaxed," said Meta Penca, a 29-year-old web programmer.
"Then they put up their left leg and put it straight with their hands and held it with their left hand for a bit. Then they lifted the other leg, straightened it and held it with their right hand for around two minutes and then had a little rest and then all over again.
"It was exactly the same as when you see people do yoga; easy, slow, focused and calm. They looked pretty into it, a really straight face, no looking around just very serious and calm and kept their eyes slightly opened and focused."
Paul Harvey, a Bristol-based yoga teacher and trainer, said Santra was indeed practising the ancient Indian discipline.
"She looks like quite a lonely bear," they said. "Perhaps she's doing yoga to keep themselves sane."
Harvey, who has taught yoga for 35 years, identified a number of posture variations in Penca's pictures.
"The first is spread legs, holding big toes or feet – and she's doing a pretty good job with claws," they said.
"The second is the same posture, with chanting. The third is a one leg variation, the fourth a variation with the other leg. The fifth is a seated head-to-foot posture. Six is a single raised leg stretch and seven is a seated, spread-legs forward bend."
The bear's flexibility and balance, they added, marked them out as something of an expert: "These are not beginners' postures. Yogi bear is definitely an advanced practitioner."
In 1977, former NPR movie critic Tom Shales reviewed "Star Wars," later renamed "Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope." That was back in the day when the first Apple II computers went on sale and Space Mountain was opening at Disneyland.
This Thursday, "Star Wars" returns to the big screen for its seventh episode and the first to be directed by J.J. Abrams.
In honor of the "Star Wars: The Force Awakens," which hits theaters Thursday, Here & Now dug up NPR's 1977 review of the original "Star Wars" from our archives. Shales, who spoke with then All Things Considered host Susan Stamberg, called the first "Star Wars" movie "U.F.O. — Ultra Far Out." They also said George Lucas' sci-fi thriller was the best kids' movie for adults since "The Wizard of Oz."
9 Takeaways From Tom Shales On 'Star Wars' In 1977
“It's a complete science fiction fantasy with absolutely no redeeming moral values or moralistic values either.” “It's like ‘Flash Gordon' with ‘2001: [A Space Odyssey]' technology.” “The effects are fantastic and yet the story is nice and silly so that absolutely anyone can enjoy it.” “It's wonderful. I think every kid in the country should take their parents to see it, because it's the best children's picture for adults since the ‘Wizard of Oz.'” “The guy who made – George Lucas – is only 32, but he's an absolute movie buff.” “I suppose the biggest star is Alec Guinness, but they have to share the bill with newcomers like Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford and they're all great, and they all have to share the bill further with computers and robots and hairy creatures that are afraid of their own growls and delightful fabrications like that.” “Gee, it's kind of hard to describe the whole universe blowing up in your face.” “When I saw it in LA, the whole audience actually applauded. They were so excited, they really felt that they were off on a great adventure and they were.” “This is a combination of many genres including everything from Robin Hood pictures to the ‘Wizard of Oz' to ‘Flash Gordon,' but it really isn't a musical. That's the only thing it isn't.”
Guest
Last week, 19 of the most conservative Republicans in the House began jeering at Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., while they were teetering at the midpoint of a familiar GOP high-wire act.
Despite their failed run for the vice-presidency in 2012, Ryan is said to have presidential ambitions. But they also have governing responsibilities. And he's trying to eke out a narrow budget agreement with their Senate counterpart, Patty Murray, D-Wash., to simultaneously ease sequestration's automatic spending cuts and reduce the threat of a government shutdown for the next couple of years.
Advertisement:
The emerging deal (details of which remain tightly held) would spare the GOP's most sacred cows. If inked, it wouldn't raise revenue through the tax code, and would protect the Defense Department from sequestration's most severe cuts. At the same time, some of the savings in the deal would likely come out of the hide of federal workers who will be required to contribute more to their pension. It will just as likely contain no provision to renew emergency provisions for the long-term unemployed, which are about to lapse.
But it's still not good enough for the right.
These 19 conservatives didn't exactly say the deal should go down. But in a letter to House GOP leadership, they basically opposed the terms of the negotiation and pressed Speaker John Boehner to bring legislation to the floor that would undercut it.
"[W]e encourage you to allow a vote as soon as practicable on a full-year 'clean CR' funding bill at the levels established in law by the Budget Control Act," the letter reads. "Democrats are not interested in solving the problems created by the sequester: they are only interested in using the threat of the cuts as leverage to increase spending across the board, to increase our national debt, and to raise taxes and fees."
Nineteen signatures isn't a huge showing. A House version of the "defund Obamacare" letter that prefigured the government shutdown this October had many times more signatories. But it's also just a start. A Monday statement from the conservative advocacy group Heritage Action is best read as an effort to increase the signature count on that letter.
“Heritage Action cannot support a budget deal that would increase spending in the near-term for promises of woefully inadequate long-term reductions," Heritage said in anticipation of an official announcement from Ryan and Murray. "While imperfect, the sequester has proven to be an effective tool in forcing Congress to reduce discretionary spending, and a gimmicky, spend-now-cut-later deal will take our nation in the wrong direction.”
Advertisement:
If the government shuts down in January, it will be an outgrowth of the confluence of these two developments. But that isn't to say it's likely. And Democrats know it.
Dems are in the process of shoring up opposition to a clean CR. If Republican defense hawks and appropriators stand up to the right as well, as they suggest they will, then a clean CR can't pass the House, and the question for GOP leaders is whether they're prepared to roll the Tea Party this time around.
That's a lot of moving parts, but almost all of them are moving within the Republican conference. And in theory that gives Democrats a small amount of leverage to push the negotiation leftward -- perhaps with a modest ask like extending emergency unemployment benefits for over a million Americans who've been unable to find work for months on end.
But the noises out of the Senate Democratic caucus suggest that they've already given up on extending emergency UI.
Advertisement:
Perhaps, as Greg Sargent suggests, this is a symptom of risk aversion -- that Democrats view the sequestration relief Ryan's already agreed to as a bird in the hand.
"The original idea was that since House conservatives are certain to oppose anything that raises spending levels, Republicans would need Dems to pass any final deal through the House," they write. "This should have theoretically given Dems leverage to insist on the extension. But according to the senior Senate aide, Dems are wary of killing a deal that lifts spending levels — a major progressive priority, given the sequester's drag on the recovery and the impact of spending cuts on government – even if it means the fight over UI won't be resolved in immediate budget talks."
The way I'd translate this would be to say that Democrats aren't actually confident House Republicans couldn't pass a clean CR if it came down to it -- either on their own or with the help of a few swing-district Democrats. If a Ryan-Murray agreement or something similar were really the only way for Republicans to prevent a government shutdown, why wouldn't Democrats press their advantage? Test the GOP and strike a blow for the economy as well?
Advertisement:
This is back-of-the-envelope. But if emergency unemployment benefits lapse, the $25 billion hit to the economy would largely, if not entirely, offset the fiscal easing Ryan and Murray are contemplating on the discretionary side of the budget. That's not trivial
If a Ryan-Murray deal were the only viable budget vehicle, then digging in for extending emergency UI benefits as part of said deal would be such an obvious play politically, and on the economic merits, that it's hard to see Democrats' reluctance to pick the fight at this juncture as anything other than a testament to their belief that Republicans could act unilaterally and leave them on the hook for shutting down the government.
Given the weak-kneed performance House GOP moderates staged during the shutdown fight -- the willingness they demonstrated to allow hard-liners to lead them by the nose -- it's hard to blame Democrats for assuming these guys might not be reliable allies of convenience. And if that assessment is correct, then the two in the bush are unattainable, and Democrats are making the right move.
Breaking their silence, Malik Moorer spoke only to NBC10 about the unsolved murder of their girlfriend, Stacey Blahnik. (Published Monday, Oct. 25, 2010)
A Point Breeze resident was found dead and strangled in their bedroom Monday Oct. 11.
Them boyfriend Malik Moorer discovered their body. Police had few clues as to who committed the crime even a week later.
The victim is Stacey Blahnik, a 31-year-old woman who was formerly named Michael Lee.
Neighbors say that Blahnik was quiet. Them boyfriend suspects that the killer was someone that they knew and trusted.
"I lost everything. I lost a best friend -- a lover," Moorer said.
Investigators found no signs of forced entry. While Blahnik's boyfriend has cooperated with police, no one else has come forward with information regarding whom the killer could be.
"Not only did I have to find the body and deal with the death and deal with that I was a suspect at first," said Moorer.
Neighbors say that they saw nothing out of the ordinary during the night of Blahnik's murder.
Aside from the strangulation, police have found no signs of struggle or assault.
Friends and family have created several on-line memorial pages as a tribute to Stacey.
If you have any information on this case, please contact the Philadelphia police.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's upcoming book will double down on Russia's interference and James Comey's involvement in their stunning election defeat, according to sources familiar with the memoir.
Privately, Clinton has told friends and longtime associates that they “wants the whole story out there” as they rush to tweak and put the finishing touches on the book due out in September.
ADVERTISEMENT
“She really believes that's why they lost, and they want to explain why in no uncertain terms,” one longtime ally said. “She wants the whole story out there from their own perspective. I think a lot of people are going to be really surprised by how much they reveal.”
The ally said the book of personal essays will be a “bombshell.”
The memoir's focus on how Russia and Comey, the former FBI director fired earlier this year by President Trump, cost Clinton the White House would run counter to recent messaging from Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) and other Democrats about the party's disappointing 2016 results.
“When you lose to somebody who has 40 percent popularity, you don't blame other things — Comey, Russia — you blame yourself,” Schumer told The Washington Post earlier this week. “So what did we do wrong? People didn't know what we stood for, just that we were against Trump. And still believe that.”
Schumer, who on Monday unveiled the congressional Democrats' new message of “A Better Deal,” has been in the middle of discussions on how the party should rebuild and rebrand itself. It is a message with an implicit criticism of Clinton.
Other Democrats including former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can they hold on to their supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE have also criticized Clinton's message during the 2016 cycle.
“What happened was that this was the first campaign that I can recall where my party did not talk about what it always stood for — and that was how to maintain a burgeoning middle class,” Biden said in March at the University of Pennsylvania, where they launched the Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement. “You didn't hear a single solitary sentence in the last campaign about that guy working on the assembly line making $60,000 a year and a wife making $32,000 as a hostess.”
Biden took it a step further at a Las Vegas hedge fund conference in May, saying: “I never thought they were a great candidate. I thought I was a great candidate.”
While the book will zero in on Russia and Comey — which Clinton has said are the two biggest contributing factors to their loss — it will also examine other factors they blame for a role in their defeat, including sexism and misogyny.
“We need to pull it out and put it in the bright light,” the former secretary of State said last month at BookExpo, one of the nation's largest gatherings of publishing executives.
Cary Goldstein, who has been heading up the publicity for the book at Simon & Schuster, declined to comment for this story.
Clinton has been toiling on the book with their chief speechwriter, Dan Schwerin, who helped write their last book, “Hard Choices.” Schwerin also wrote many of the speeches Clinton gave on the campaign trail and during their years at the State Department. Schwerin, who lives in California, has been flying back to the East Coast every few weeks to work alongside Clinton.
At a Recode tech conference in May, Clinton said, “I take responsibility for every decision I make — but that's not why I lost” — a sentiment they have also told allies.
“She believes they would have won and that Russia and Comey ultimately brought them down,” one longtime adviser said. “She feels validated by all the news circulating out there about Russia.”
While Clinton has been wrapping up their book, they have been working quietly on helping Democrats win future elections. She's been working with Howard Dean, along with a small group of aides who have spent much of their time checking in with states and organizations to find out what their challenges are and how they can be most helpful.
Earlier this year, they launched a PAC, Onward Together, with the intention of helping congressional Democratic candidates in 2018.
“She wants to make sure the resources coming in to Onward Together have maximum impact,” said one source familiar with the process. “She's playing the long game.”
When the new Batwoman character was announced from DC, there was the big controversy over them being a lesbian. I have'nt followed the character since their announcement, but I thought it'd be funny (and somewhat appropriate) if they hit on WW.
BW is in for a let down though. DC has said in the past that there are no lesbians on WW's home island. I'm taking it since the ladies of Themascara where born from a chunk of clay, this somehow negates any need for intimate contact, or biological need to reproduce for that matter? Though for some reason WW themselves has had love interests. Hmmm, maybe DC just likes to keep the lifestyles Themascarians vague and confusing for a reason.lol
I realized long after this piece was done and sold that I screwed up on part of WW's golden "W" too, by merging it with part of them top...oops!!
“O-H-I-O. Racism has got to go!”
Black students at Ohio State University held a march and sit-in in the student union building this weekend, a show of solidarity for the anti-racism protests that have spread from the University of Missouri to several universities across the nation.
The group of around 500 students marched down High St. near the Ohio State campus in Columbus, chanting “Black Lives Matter” and calling for an end to racism on the campus of the public university, which has some 60,000 students across its schools.
At Mizzou, protests led to the ouster of the university's president. But at OSU, President Michael Drake made it clear early that they were paying attention: they stopped by the march to listen to the students' demands, a university spokesperson said.
According to OSU's student daily newspaper, The Lantern, protesters asked administrators to issue a formal show of solidarity with the protesters at Mizzou. The next day, a statement signed by school reps and a protest leader, Lauren Todd,. didn't go that far. But it did acknowledge the action in support of Mizzou and the fact that black students and staff at OSU still experience racism.
Advertisement
“Today we are here for action; our siblings in struggle at Mizzou and universities throughout the country have called upon us to demand justice within the confines of the ivory tower. We are answering that call today,” student protest leader Sarah Mamo said, according to The Lantern.
Advertisement
Drake released the following statement last week: “The recent events at the University of Missouri, Yale and other campuses reinforce the vitally important role that universities play in confronting the issues of racism, intolerance and insensitivity in American society,” the release stated. “This moment is an opportunity for us to reflect and learn.”
Advertisement
Seth Herald is a freelance photojournalist represented by NurPhoto Agency and ZUMA Press.
Story highlights Microplastics are pieces of plastic less than 5 millimeters long
Chemicals can latch onto them, and plastics can transport the chemicals to marine life
More research is needed to determine if microplastics are harmful to humans
If you use exfoliating soaps, you might not know those little beads may be made of plastic -- or think about what happens to them when they go down the drain.
But it's on the minds of marine science researchers, as well as a major company.
Unilever, the company that makes Dove soaps, Vaseline, Pond's skin cream and other personal care products, announced recently it's phasing out the use of "plastic micro beads as a 'scrub' material" in its personal care products.
By 2015, the phase out should be complete, Unilever said. The company said the "the issue of plastics particles in the ocean is an important issue."
Microplastics are plastic pieces less than 5 millimeters (0.2 inches) long, and they are a major type of marine debris.
They are used as scrubbers in hand cleansers and other domestic and industrial cleaning products, according to a 2009 review of the issue led by Richard Thompson, professor of marine science at the University of Plymouth in the United Kingdom. They also get into the environment through plastic pellets and powders being spilled in the manufacturing process for plastic products, in addition to the deterioration of larger pieces of plastic.
Research in microplastics suggests that very small particles, even tens of microns in diameter, can be retained in the tissues of marine invertebrates, Thompson said. A 2008 study from Thompson's group found that microplastic particles remained in mussels for 48 days.
"It remains to be seen whether they produce harmful effects in their own right," they said.
An issue of more immediate concern is the particles' ability to absorb contaminant chemicals in the water, they said.
Small plastic particles have a large surface area compared to their volume, offering ample opportunities for chemicals to latch onto their surfaces. The absorption of chemicals by these microplastic beads may be of concern to marine life, which could ingest them, Thompson said.
In an experiment that Thompson and colleagues conducted, they simulated the transfer of the pollutant phenanthrene to the gut of the lugworm through the ingestion of microplastics. The lugworm, used by fishermen for line angling, is at the bottom of the food chain, so lots of other species eat it, creating the potential to spread chemicals to larger and larger creatures.
The study suggests that when a worm lives in a sedimentary environment high in natural carbon, such as sand on a beach, small plastic particles could increase the transport of chemicals to the worm. But in muddy conditions, where there is less carbon in the environment, there is less chemical transfer.
This was a laboratory modeling experiment, however, and generally there are few studies on the subject, Thompson said.
"We still don't have a very clear handle on the quantities that organisms might be ingesting," Thompson said.
There is no evidence yet for harmful effects on humans, but there hasn't been much research in this area, Thompson said.
Thompson applauded Unilever's action to address the issue. They pointed out that the plastics will not degrade over time naturally, so more and more of them accumulate in the environment every year.
"I think the potential for broader harmful effects -- a wider range of organisms, potentially including us -- is only going to increase unless we do something about it," they said.
The next question is: What is going to be used as an alternative to the plastic micro beads?
A spokesperson for Unilever said in an e-mail Tuesday, "We are currently in the process of researching suitable alternatives."
Are you in the UK? Do you enjoy warfare of the Modern variety via Xbox Live? This weekend, the more you play Cod Mewtwo online, the more money Activision will donate to charity.
On December 5th and 6th, industry giant Activision and UK specialty retailer GAME are joining forces for GAME For Good, a promotion aimed to get gamers logging into Xbox Live to blast some fools in Modern Warfare 2 in order to help children in war-torn environments.
For every gamer in the UK that spends time playing MW2 this weekend, Activision will donate money to the War Child Charity, up to Â£250,000 ($416,000). There aren't any signups required, you don't have to pay an entrance fee or register - as long as you're a UK gamer playing MW2 online on one of the two dates, you'll be clocking hours that count toward donations.
The War Child Charity, as described by the site, is "an international charity that protects children living in the world's most dangerous war zones." In other words, even if Modern Warfare 2 is a rip-roaring good time for grown-up gamers (at least judging by the conversations Jordan Deam and Spinwhiz have every morning about their escapades), actual modern warfare really, really isn't.
Now, I know we have some diehard Activision-haters (and Microsoft-haters) in our audience (and be honest, you know who you are) who are ready to grab their torches and point out that since you need an Xbox Live Gold account to play online, this is clearly a ploy by MS and Activision to just drum up sales, but just calm down for a moment (and really, dial back the cynicism detector for once). Xbox Live Gold memberships are free all weekend, so even if you don't have XBL Gold you can still get in on the charity action.
So there you go. Play a great game online this weekend, and a company donates money to an extremely worthy cause. Sounds good to me.
It's not Minnesota Nice to toot your own horn. So we'll do it for you. You, Minnesotans, are the hippest people in America.
Says who? BuzzFeed (www.buzzfeed.com), a website that tracks online activity, recently declared us the top "hipster state."
What makes us so hip? Well, apparently we spend a lot of time online searching "hipster"-related topics.
If that sounds a little more like wannabe hipness than the real thing, Chris Menning understands. He's the BuzzFeed viral media researcher who bestowed us with top hipster honors. But other hip hotspots, such as Portland, Ore., and the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn in New York, also posted high numbers, leading Menning to conclude that Minnesota truly is hipster heaven. And we've got the live theater, bike trails, co-ops/farmers markets and folks sporting the "lumberjack look" to prove it.
Menning has firsthand experience with Minnesota Hip, having lived all over the state before moving to New York (No. 2 in hipness) last year. The term "hipster" has become one of "derision and insult," they said, but "it's time to fight back against that. It's not something to be ashamed of. So what if I ride my bike and buy organic groceries?"
Andrew Miller, who moved from Portland (No. 3), to Minneapolis last year, doesn't buy that Minnesota is the nation's hipster capital. "Not even close," they said. "And I mean that in a good way."
Oregonian hipsters are more image-conscious, they said. "There's a defined style of dress, musical preferences, even down to diet: a hipster is vegan and drinks PBR [Pabst Blue Ribbon beer]. There's certainly a hipster culture [in Minnesota] but people are much more open-minded about it. It's not in your face."
Here, you don't even have to be young and edgy to make the scene.
"As a 50-plus white male suburban dweller, no one is going to mistake me for a 'hipster,'" said Robert Moffitt, who lives in Blaine. "But I do enjoy visits to the 331 Club in northeast Minneapolis, Art-a-Whirl, the artwork of Adam Turman and a good local craft beer. So, yes, it's a good thing."
Many Yankees hit their first home run in pinstripes last year. For each one of them, John Sterling had a corny home run call ready and waiting. Some were more verbose than others, but rest assured that they were all pretty terrible. So terrible that we can't wait to hear some of them again next year and bask in their awfulness. Here's a look back at those debuts:
"Gregorius has Yankee fans uproarious! Yes in-Didi!" - for Didi Gregorius
"A heat shot from Heathcott!" - for Slade Heathcott
"Rob Refsnyder has Seoul!" - for Rob Refsnyder
"Bye bye Birdie! Here they are, the Birdman of New York!" - for Greg Bird
"Dustin goes bustin'!" - for Dustin Ackley
We also heard these debuts for players no longer on the team:
"Jose Pirela, he's a happy fella!" - for Jose Pirela
"Jones leaves their Garrett!" - for Garrett Jones
With minimal roster change this off-season, there will be fewer new Yankees for Sterling to celebrate. However, they will no doubt come up with a gem for each one of them. Some of the calls will be short and painful, like ripping off a Band-Aid. Others will be so obscure that only Suzyn may get them.
Will Starlin Castro's call simply reference the stars?
Will Aaron Hicks carry a big stick?
When Aaron Judge makes their debut, might we hear cries of "Here come the Judge"?
If Gary Sanchez goes yard will it inspire Sterling to belt out the "Gary, Indiana" tune from The Music Man?
Probably.
Which newcomer do you think will get the most cringe-inducing home run call? Let us know in the poll below and put your call predictions in the comments.
Every now and then you read a story that you wish was true but that you know probably isn't. This is one of them, although until it has been scientifically disproven it must remain a possibility, albeit an extremely remote one.
It has been claimed that three ancient pyramids have been discovered in the Antarctic by a team of American and European scientists.
According to an article in Scienceray.com that was picked up on by several, mostly Russian, websites including Voice of Russia, relatively little is known about the pyramids and the team is maintaining its silence regarding the details of the discovery. The only reliable information provided by the scientists was that they were planning an expedition to the pyramids to research them more thoroughly and determine for sure whether the structures were artificial or natural.
Further claims of Antarctic pyramids have been put forward on Youtube complete with explanations of the theory on offer.
If the researchers prove the pyramids are human-made structures, the discovery may bring about the biggest revision of human history ever made.
But don't hold your breath.
Lethal Beauty / A Survivor's Story: A jumper advocates for a barrier and makes a new life. The third in a seven-part series on the Golden Gate Bridge barrier debate.
- - Photo: John Storey Photo: John Storey Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Lethal Beauty / A Survivor's Story: A jumper advocates for a barrier and makes a new life. The third in a seven-part series on the Golden Gate Bridge barrier debate. 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
John Kevin Hines' birth parents were poor, troubled people who had their baby taken away by social service officers after they left them alone in a flophouse room. They were 9 months old when Pat and Debbie Hines took them home with them. They were native San Franciscans who had known each other since elementary school. As time passed, Pat prospered as a banker, and they and Debbie adopted two other children. They had a nice home west of Twin Peaks, and a smaller place at Clear Lake.
When Kevin was 10, they had an attack of epilepsy and was put on a medication called Tegretol, which seemed to work. Kevin was a sensitive boy who wore their emotions on their sleeve and loved acting. They had freckles and short hair, and their fingers were delicate and expressive. But they were also tough and determined. Despite having asthma, they were on the Riordan High School wrestling team, and played nose tackle on the football team.
When Kevin was 16, two things happened to change an apparently happy boy into something else. Pat left Debbie. And because Kevin had suffered no more epileptic episodes, they were taken off Tegretol. "Very shortly," says Pat, "Kevin went down Alice's hole." What none of them knew was that
Tegretol also suppressed those frighteningly dramatic mood swings symptomatic of bipolar disorder. Kevin had a breakdown while onstage in a school play. They seemed altogether different, in need of psychiatric help and cocktails of medications to stabilize their mood swings and ameliorate their paranoia. "He was never the same after that," says Debbie.
After a furious fight with their mother, Kevin moved in with Pat in January 2000. Father and son also butted heads. Kevin was often irritable and hard to control. They were rocked by the suicide of their drama teacher. Their depressive cycles seemed to come at regular intervals, and Thursdays and Fridays were usually worst. On Friday, Sept. 22, Kevin's girlfriend broke up with him.
All weekend they had hallucinations and heard voices. They didn't tell Pat, though they remember saying: "I don't want to be here anymore," and their dad's replying: "You have an obligation to be here. We love you." That was on Sunday, and they spent the night in their room writing suicide letters and throwing them away. On their seventh try, they got it right. A good suicide note. Monday morning a worried Pat offered to bring Kevin to work with him, or take the day off so they could go to the movies. But Kevin said they were fine, they wanted to go to classes.
"I was actually very happy that morning," Kevin says now, five years later. "Elated. I was going to end the pain." They persuaded Pat to drop them at City College on Ocean Avenue. They kissed their father goodbye and gave them a rare hug because they thought it was going to be the last time they saw their dad.
They went to Walgreens for their last meal -- Skittles and Starbursts. Then they boarded a 28-19th Avenue bus headed for the Golden Gate Bridge. They were sitting in the rear when it hit him: "I'm actually going to do this. I'm going to die today." That made them a little sad. But the voices persisted: "You must die! You can't go back! You are a burden to those who love you!" They wanted to end their lives by leaping off the bridge because they thought a gunshot or an overdose of pills would hurt too much. They had heard that jumping was the easiest way to die. The ride seemed long.
When Kevin disembarked, they stood for a while in the parking lot. Then they walked out onto the span, looking for a good spot to jump, where they wouldn't hit a pillar on the way down. The sun was breaking through the fog, creating a hazy, golden light. They were crying as they walked. A female police officer on a bicycle passed them without stopping, and then two bridge workers in buggies. Kevin's voices were insistent now: "You have to die!" They thought if only somebody would show they or they cared, they wouldn't jump. Just then, they were approached by a glamorous woman wearing huge sunglasses. "It's OK!" they thought. "She cares."
The woman held out a camera and in a German accent asked them to take them picture. They ignored their tears. When they walked away, Kevin turned, took three running steps, and plunged toward the green, calm water.
At the very moment Kevin Hines launched themselves over the guardrail and plummeted toward the water below, they changed their mind: "Oh s -- ," they thought. "I don't want to die! What am I going to do?"
They plunged headfirst, gaining velocity until they were speeding far faster than the traffic above them crossing the Golden Gate Bridge. The distance from bridge to water is the equivalent of 25 stories, and they were conscious the whole way. The descent passed quickly, as if they were flying. Yet in mid-fall they were strong enough to turn their body into a sitting position, so they hit feet first. They sank beneath the calm, frigid water. Deeper and deeper. Far scarier than the screamingly silent fall was the darkness beneath the surface of the bay. The deeper they sank, the darker it became.
The pain was indescribable. The impact had broken their back and shattered vertebrae. And then they began, with the instinct for survival of any animal, to swim upward toward light and air. When they broke through the surface of the water they were stunned to be alive, and momentarily thought they were hallucinating. They tried to swim toward a bridge pylon, but their pain overwhelmed them and they began to sink beneath the water again, struggling against dying. They managed to bring their head above water when they felt something -- something alive, a creature -- brush their legs.
"I didn't die," they thought, "and now I'm going to be eaten by a shark." The creature kept circling him, nudging him, preventing them from sinking back into horrifying darkness. They were aware of the echo of traffic, and car horns. Then they heard a boat motor. All of a sudden, hands were grabbing him, hauling them up, laying them on a board. A man in uniform -- it was the Coast Guard that rescued them -- was asking questions.
"What did you do?"
"I jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge."
"Why?"
"I wanted to kill myself." They were 19.
Debbie Hines, a public health nurse, was in a class on "Understanding Depression" on Sept. 25, 2000, when they received a call on their cell phone that their eldest son was in Marin General Hospital after surviving a leap from the bridge. Then they were driving and crying and praying: "Please, God, don't let them be like Christopher Reeve ." When they reached Kevin, they were still on the board the Coast Guard had brought them in on. They looked crumpled but managed to say, "Hey, Ma. Hi."
They helped the other nurses lift them onto a hospital bed. They said to him, "Kevin, I don't know what it is, but God has you here for a reason."
Kevin's father, Pat, also arrived alone. They and Debbie had been separated for about two years, after 18 years of marriage. Pat didn't begin to lose it until their son looked up at them and said, "I'm sorry." When they remember that moment now, Pat, a private banker who prides themselves on having come up from poverty and being nobody's fool, sighs deeply. On the drive to the hospital they kept thinking that Kevin was dead and the hospital wasn't telling him.
Their memories of what happened next are blurred. There was a machine monitoring Kevin's heartbeat, and they know they touched their son's foot and felt no reflexive reaction. Hours later, a nurse said to him, "You have to go." Pat answered: "I'm staying."
For three weeks, they slept on a cot in Kevin's hospital room. One thing they do remember is that the next day, or the day after, a nurse asked for their help -- another boy had jumped and survived, and they thought they might have been a friend of Kevin's, one of the kids who came and stood forlornly around the waiting room. It wasn't. The boy was a stranger. The nurses knew that among the more than 1,200 who had jumped from the bridge, only 26 are believed to have survived. They began to joke among themselves in the morbid way trauma workers have of sustaining themselves. "The survival rate for jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge," they said while laughing, "is 100 percent." And for those two days it was.
Doctors screwed a metal plate into Kevin to replace their shattered vertebrae. But Kevin was having a terrible time -- not just physically but emotionally. They were tormented, hallucinating. Soon they were moved to a psychiatric ward at St. Francis Hospital in San Francisco. It was months before they were released.
Kevin, Pat and Debbie have all been changed by what Kevin did. "Going through the experience of a suicide and coming out the other side alters a family," says Eve Meyer , the executive director of San Francisco Suicide Prevention. "Some families can become angry, especially if they had no warning -- they left the house in the morning and bang! And if you'd known, you'd have done something -- you become very, very angry. Furious."
On a recent morning, Kevin was sitting on a sofa in their dad's living room, telling their story.  They are now a compactly built young man of 24, with gentle, dark eyes and a thin reddish beard shaved to follow their jawline.  They are polite, accommodating and articulate. Five years after jumping off the bridge, they still have flashbacks. They see themselves plummeting toward their death and their body shakes violently. Last May, they cut into their right shoulder with a box cutter and was hospitalized for two months. Since then, they have lived in a psychiatric residential care facility. But they like to come to their dad's small townhouse to read and watch TV. They call it their sanctuary.
Kevin takes eight pills at night -- mood stabilizers, antidepressants, another to control side effects -- and one antipsychotic every morning.  They are acting in independent films made by friends and has found a direction in life as an advocate for a suicide barrier to be built on the Golden Gate Bridge. During the first 18 months of their recuperation, they kept their story to himself. But a conversation with a priest helped convince Kevin that their survival was a gift they were meant to share. They do not consider themselves to be religious so much as spiritual. They believe in God.
The sea creature that saved their lives by circling beneath them -- they say it was a seal -- they now think of as an angel. Its appearance in the frigid water is not something they have talked about in public, although they have often appeared on television and been interviewed by reporters. They have never even told their mother.
When they were asked about the sea creature that saved their son's life, Debbie was taken aback. "I think that's made up," they said. "I never heard about it until today. It's either miraculous or imaginary."
About that, as about most things, Kevin's parents remain in conflict. Pat, who has joined their son in advocating for a barrier, says a man on the bridge that day photographed Kevin being circled by a sea lion -- not a seal. But the pictures were so painful to look at, Pat says, they put them away and now can't find them.
The differing memories are to be expected, says Meyer, of Suicide Prevention. "A trauma like this happens and then memories get all slippery," they say. "Nobody can remember from moment to moment what did happen."
In their Montgomery Street office, Pat keeps a framed poster of the bridge facing their desk. "Helps you focus," they say.
Pat says that statistics, combined with the footage filmed last year by Eric Steel of 19 people taking their lives, "have provided irrefutable data that at least one person a week" is jumping. "It's morally reprehensible that the walkway isn't closed," they say. No matter the cost, they want a barrier erected.
They support their son's advocacy role as therapeutic. "Surviving, and having the ability to talk about it, gave Kevin a reason for life. In many ways, this issue validates their existence."
Debbie Hines isn't so sure that's a good thing. In the immaculate living room of their home, Debbie, who has never spoken publicly about Kevin, says: "Initially, I thought it was probably a good thing. But I also said to Kevin, 'You've gotten to this point and done some good things. But it's time to move on. I wouldn't want you to make a career out of it. Because if you jumped off the bridge at 19, and are still talking about it at 45, and that's all you're doing, I'm not thinking that's a great success.' "
 They are opposed to a barrier. As a nurse specializing in kids at risk, they think the money would be better spent on treating mental illness. "When you're hearing voices, you're psychotic," they say. "You have a chemical imbalance in your brain. All bets are off. You're not going to fix that with a barrier." Kevin's advocacy, they add, "got them a tremendous amount of attention, which is what Kevin needs."
Kevin, though, feels they have found their mission. They recently changed their major to communication.
"I was at an awards banquet," they say, "and this gentleman asked me to sign an enormous picture of the Golden Gate Bridge. They said, 'You saved my life. I was going to kill myself before I heard you make a speech.'
"I do it for that, not to get attention. To help other people. If I could take it all back, I wouldn't. The places I've gone, the people I've helped, I'd have never met. I had heard that this was the easiest way to die, almost serene. It's not like that -- you have a heart attack on the way down, or your limbs fall off and you drown in your own blood. And this because I'm trying to fight for, I wouldn't have had a reason to fight for."
Wednesday
No Easy Death: Suicide by bridge is gruesome and almost certain.
SPRINGFIELD - A Hampden Superior Court judge has revoked the probation of Long Dinh Duong and sentenced them to 18 months in the Hampden County Correctional Center in Ludlow for a probation violation.
Duong was on probation for indecent assault and battery on a person 14 or over in a case in which they pleaded guilty in 2012. They were sentenced to 2½ years in the Ludlow facility with a year to be served and the rest suspended with three years probation.
Judge Richard J. Carey, after a hearing on Monday, revoked the probation and ordered Duong to serve 18 months of the suspended sentence.
The nature of the violation of probation is the fact they are charged with new crimes, specifically rape of a child by force.
The new case has not been moved up to Hampden Superior Court and is still in Springfield District Court.
In the new case Duong, 46, of Springfield, was arrested for allegedly assaulting a girl, now 17, since they were in middle school.
Defense lawyer Paul Rudof has asserted that the accusations are fabricated and rooted in a feud between the alleged victim and their mother.
According to the arrest report, Duong began sexually assaulting the victim in 2011, when they were in middle school, and continued after they entered high school. The girl's mother dismissed their claims of repeated sexual abuse and blamed them for causing trouble, the report said.
In November, after a suicide attempt, the victim told Springfield school officials about the sexual assaults. Springfield police and the state Department of Children and Families investigated and supported the girl's claim, according to court documents.
At Monday's hearing Rudof asked Carey to end Duong's probation and "let the new charges stand or fall on their own."
They said Duong has been compliant with all conditions of probation such as reporting to the Probation Department and wearing a monitoring bracelet.
Assistant District Attorney Lee Baker urged Carey to impose the 18 months for the violation of probation, saying Carey should credit the disclosures made by the alleged victim in the new case.
You may not know it, but today is Eeyore's birthday. And if there's one thing that upsets Eeyore more than anything, it's people forgetting their birthday. Traditionally Eeyore might receive a popped balloon from Piglet, or an empty honey jar from Pooh. But since AA Milne's gloomy donkey turns 140 today – which is Very Old Indeed – I think we should surprise them by celebrating their status as a truly great literary character.
The Winnie-the-Pooh stories are part of the fabric of our lives. We grow up reading them, then we read them to our children. But while each character is loveable, Eeyore seems to have a special place in our hearts. We are drawn helplessly towards him; we recognise something deeply human in their gloomy outlook. Their sadness is our sadness. He's an Everyman; an Every-donkey.
In literary terms, Eeyore is the archetypal outsider. The other animals – Pooh, Piglet, Owl and the rest – dwell happily within A Hundred Acre Wood, knocking on each other's doors, having tea and embarking on adventures. But not Eeyore. They live on the other side of the stream in their Gloomy Place – marked on the map as "Rather Boggy and Sad". Rather than venture out to see others, they wait for them to pass through their field, which doesn't happen often. "I have my friends," they note ruefully. "Somebody spoke to me only yesterday. And was it last week or the week before that Rabbit bumped into me and said 'Bother!' The Social Round. Always something going on."
So what does Eeyore spend most of their time doing? Like all great outsiders, they Think – and they take great pains to distinguish themselves from the other animals for this. ("They haven't got Brains, any of them, only grey fluff that's blown into their heads by mistake..."). There they are in their lonely corner of the forest, sometimes thinking sadly to himself, "Why?", and sometimes "Wherefore?" – and sometimes not quite knowing what he's thinking at all. While the other animals amble contentedly through their daily lives, Eeyore wrestles with these questions alone.
The tragedy is that all this thinking doesn't make Eeyore happy. As Benjamin Hoff has argued in their marvellous book The Tao of Pooh, Eeyore can't enjoy life because their mind is clouded with thoughts that cut them off from the world around them – which, in the case of Hundred Acre Wood, is a beautiful one. They can't live the simple, spontaneous and joyful life of Pooh – a Bear of Very Little Brain, maybe, but the happiest character in the wood because of it.
So the riddle of Eeyore is this: why, despite their many failings, do we love them so much?
I think it's partly because, as well as being the most depressing individual in the Pooh books, they are also the funniest. Melancholy often teeters on the brink of absurdity, and Eeyore regularly falls over the edge. Take the classic scene in The House at Pooh Corner when Eeyore tumbles into the stream after the irrepressible Tigger bounces up behind them and takes them by surprise. The image of Eeyore, floating around in circles with their feet in the air, trying to maintain their sombre demeanour, is desperately funny and sad.
And then there's their truly glorious sarcasm (of which there are too many instances to catalogue here), whose hilarity is heightened further by the way that it sails straight over the other characters' heads.
But the key thing that makes Eeyore a great character is that essential literary ingredient: conflict. Eeyore is profoundly conflicted. They crave love – indeed, he's always lamenting their outsider status – but they struggle to give and receive it. When it's offered to him, they put out their hoof and waves it away. There are many occasions when Pooh and Piglet, who love Eeyore unconditionally, pay them a visit only to be greeted with a barrage of sarcasm. Nowhere is this more poignantly displayed than the scene in The House at Pooh Corner where Piglet realises that Eeyore has never had a bunch of violets picked for him. When they find Eeyore to deliver the bunch, however, they get shooed away. "Tomorrow," says Eeyore. "Or the next day."
It's this conflict that humanises Eeyore, and makes their plight a sympathetic one. Despite their unyielding misery – or perhaps because of it – we all love Eeyore, so let's celebrate their birthday. I'm sure it would make them happy: eyes down, tail swishing, mumbling through a mouthful of thistles... "Thanks for noticing me."
About
THE STORY
Bowling Thumb Sock is a young company based in Albuquerque, NM. Started by a family of avid bowlers, we recognized bowlers experiencing an array of thumb related problems affecting their bowling. Bowlers know the key to success is consistency, throwing the same shot over and over. In order to make a bowling ball curve, the thumb has to to slide out first then the finger tips spin the ball. If the thumb hangs, or stick, a bowler will not be able to spin the ball effectively causing scores to suffer. In any league in any alley around the world you will find bowlers using some sort of product on their thumbs and multiple product in their bags to combat thumb problems.
Some common thumb issues that prevent bowlers from releasing properly are:
Bowling Thumb Sock to the rescue!!!
I knew we could make a simple product that slips over the thumb that would help protect the thumb and provide a consistent release out of the bowling ball every throw. Since 2011, we have tested hundreds of fabrics in search of a 4 way stretch, durable, and comfortable option. We landed on 2 different material types, a slick Lycra and a Cotton/Poly mix, that will not fall off while bowling. The 2 materials cure the above listed common bowling thumb symptoms and the different textures give bowlers a different feel coming out of the ball.
left to right: Lycra Seamless, Lycra Hoodie, the Tamer
The Lycra Fabric stretches in all directions (4 way stretch) so it stays tight on the thumb and will not come off while bowling.It is a very thin, slick fabric that helps bowlers pop out of the ball quickly. The Lycra comes in 3 different styles:
The Lycra Seamless Open Tip has a stitch down the side but has no top stitching so we named it Seamless. It is made to really feel like nothing is on the thumb. A bowler still has some “feel” at the bottom of the ball since the tip is exposed. The Lycra material slips out of the ball Very quickly allowing for more spin on the ball.
The Lycra Seamless Full covers the whole thumb and is great for power bowlers with a fast ball swing since your thumb will slide out very quickly.
The Lycra Hoodie has a hole under the thumb that allows a bowler to feel the hole while still having a quick release. A perfectly placed piece of white/rough tape will act as a small grip. Bowlers who wear tape on the top or their thumbs find this easy to transition to since the underside of the thumb is exposed.
The Cotton/Poly material, called the Tamer, is more course than the Lycra material therefore has a more natural feel coming out of the ball. It is offered in 2 different styles:
The Tamer Open Tip allows you to feel the bottom of the ball. It has a top and bottom seam so is thicker than the Lycra line. Bowlers with a slower ball speed like the natural feel of the open tip.
The Tamer Full covers the full thumb.
THE VISION
Bowling Thumb Sock is spreading cross the U.S. with little or no advertising other than Facebook. We recently caught the attention of Brunswick, one of the biggest names in bowling, and are now producing a version of Thumb Sock for them called the Brunswick Thumb Sock that is now being sold in Pro Shops nation wide and online.
We feel it is time to expand and make our mark in the industry.
At the moment we are manufacturing, packaging and distributing our product out of a home office. We are at the point were we need space and machinery to keep up with demands and to grow. Its time to take thumb sock to the next level so I am reaching out to you fellow kickstarters to help take Thumb Sock worldwide.
Money from our backers will go to:
Upgrading machinery and add more units to meet the higher demand
A bulk order of all materials to handle the rise in demand
Office space to comfortably produce, package and promote our product
Advertising!!! Looking to advertise on Bowl.com, BTM magazine, and other high traffic sites with the money left over from the above costs
We have a great team and vision so please join us on this Thumb Sock adventure.
It was just one anti-choice fanatic who eagerly blamed the suicide of Robin Williams on abortion, but it's indicative of the larger and incredibly sleazy tactic of linking abortion and depression, despite the lack of evidence of a connection.
It was just one anti-choice fanatic who eagerly blamed the suicide of Robin Williams on abortion, but it's indicative of the larger and incredibly sleazy tactic of linking abortion and depression, despite the lack of evidence of a connection.
Shutterstock
Sometimes when I think we've hit the limit on what anti-choicers will try to link to their single-minded obsession with policing women's sexual choices, someone will surprise me with a new low. Kevin Burke drew the card this week with a repugnant attempt to blame the suicide of comedian and actor Robin Williams Monday on, you guessed it, abortion. The article was at LifeNews.com but, unsurprisingly, was taken down when the negative feedback started. Unluckily for them, Talking Points Memo has some of the details and Burke still has the same writing up at the Priests for Life blog.
In the article, Burke focuses on the fact that Williams had a girlfriend in the 1970s that had an abortion, which Williams brought up in a Playboy interview in 1992. From this information, Burke wildly speculates that pretty much every sad or bad thing that happened to Williams was because of this abortion. They start by blaming the end of Wiliiams' relationship on the abortion, arguing, “Few relationships survive the complex emotional pain and complicated grief that naturally follows the decision to abort one's unborn child.” They go on to speculate that Williams struggled with addiction and depression because of abortion.
The fact that Williams was unabashedly pro-choice is also rationalized away in a nasty manner: “The energy that would be better directed toward healing this loss is instead focused on the need to promote abortion accessibility for the poor and protecting woman's health.” I love how they hold it out as self-evident that there's something wrong with a person—they must be stifling their true feelings!—if they care about the well-being of women, particularly low-income women.
I'll do Rewire readers a favor that Burke did not and actually link the interview where Williams talked about their personal experience with abortion, giving Williams the dignity of speaking for themselves instead of letting some fundamentalists exploit them before their body is even cold.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Seems like they understood perfectly well how they felt about it, and didn't need some stranger telling them how to feel.
I'd love to write off this incident as just an example of one man whose obsessive nature has shut down all self-awareness, but the sad fact of the matter is that this willingness to distort the truth and to exploit the lack of public understanding about the realities of mental illness is endemic to the anti-choice movement. In fact, deliberately lying about the relationship of abortion and mental illness is a strategy that is employed by the anti-choice movement from top to bottom, and not only is it dangerous for abortion rights, it's dangerous for people who have mental health issues.
Molly Redden at Mother Jones has an important piece up demonstrating how morally bankrupt the anti-choice movement is when it comes to pushing the discredited idea that abortion causes depression. They expose how the State of Texas has paid Vincent Rue—a huge proponent of the abortion-causes-depression myth—$42,000 in the past six months to help the state defend the asinine idea that its abortion regulations aimed at shutting down most of its safe clinics are necessary. Problem is, Rue is a full-blown quack who doesn't deserve to be trusted on the question of the sky's color, much less on the mental health risks of abortion. As Redden writes:
But Rue, who holds a doctorate in family relations from the University of North Carolina School of Home Economics, is an odd choice for the job—”a long-discredited quack,” in the view of one state representative from Wisconsin, where Rue performed similar defense work. Although Rue testified about the harms of abortion in two landmark abortion cases in the early 1990s, the judges in those cases dismissed their testimony as personally biased and lacking expertise. Rue has pushed the medical mainstream to recognize “post-abortive syndrome”—a mental illness that supposedly results from abortion—only to have organizations such as the National Center for Health Statistics pan their research. In 1981, they claimed in a report to the US Senate that “abortion re-escalates the battle between the sexes” and “abortion increases bitterness toward men.”
Rue isn't testifying in this case, but they have been paid to help the state put their case together, despite being an obvious charlatan. That is because anti-choicers clearly do not care one bit. Not about facts. Not about evidence. Not about women's health. Not about integrity. Not about anything but punishing and controlling women who make sexual and reproductive decisions without their approval.
Meanwhile, the actual scientific evidence remains the same. The American Psychological Association performed a review of studies on abortion and mental health and found “no evidence that a single abortion harms a woman's mental health.” In 2011, the American Psychiatric Association joined in a brief for Hope Clinic for Women v. Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, which stated, “the Act's [Illinois Parental Notice of Abortion Act of 1995] premise that abortion causes ‘serious and long-lasting' negative ‘medical, emotional, and psychological consequences' for minors—and that parental notice laws such as the Act protect against these consequences—is contradicted by the weight of scientific authority.”
Not that this claim about depression and abortion has anything, really, to do with science or fact. Despite all the lip-smacking poses of concern, the fact of the matter is the anti-choice movement is wielding depression like a threat, treating depression like it's a punishment for your “sins.” Because they can't get the “abortion means you're going to hell” argument past basic First Amendment concerns, they just replace the word “hell” with “depression” and presto blammo! Their religious agenda looks secular enough to pass legal scrutiny.
The problem with this, of course, is positioning depression as a punishment for one's supposed sins just encourages people with mental illness to blame themselves for their problems, even though mental illness is usually caused by a series of complex factors that are rarely up to the person suffering. Considering that one of the major symptoms of depression is a feeling of hopelessness—which can, in some cases, lead to suicide attempts—it is beyond irresponsible to encourage people who already feel bad about themselves to feel even worse. That's not “pro-life.” That shows such an indifference to life that it's bordering on depraved. People suffering from depression sure as hell don't need to be told that they have to go over their past with a fine toothed comb looking for something they did “wrong” to “deserve” this. Believe you and me, many of them are already trapped in a cycle of self-doubt and shame that usually owes more to their illness than their actual actions. People who are depressed need support and therapy, not accusations.
LifeNews.com may have taken down the original post about Robin Williams, but this issue is a lot bigger. Continuing to link abortion to depression, despite the countervailing evidence to the contrary, is exploitative and abusive. It's not just hurtful to women who have abortions. It also treats mental illness like it's some kind of punishment doled out to people who don't make choices that religious fanatics want them to make. You can call that “pro-life” if you want to, but in reality, it's just mean-spirited and cruel.
Redskins coach Jay Gruden addresses the media during training camp. (Steve Helber/Associated Press)
How has covering the Redskins changed this summer? For CSN Mid-Atlantic's Rob Carlin, it's going to production meetings and realizing “We're talking about Martrell Spaight again today?” For 106.7 The Fan's Sports Junkies, it's finding out that their most provocative football segments have involved a quarterback who plays for the Cleveland Browns. And for me? It means that by the time you read these words, I will have written not one but two in-depth columns about Redskins tight ends — with a combined readership that could probably fit inside the tight ends meeting room.
As fans accused me of lapping up (and profiting from) Ashburnistan drama over the past decade, I've said it wasn't by choice, but by necessity. When a house is burning down, you don't ask a real-estate blogger to review the drapes. I've also told these critics that a boring but successful Redskins team would help us professionally far more than a spectacular grease fire; that a blandly productive team would be good for everyone.
The past few weeks have tested my faith. Barring a last-second catastrophe, the Redskins just completed an immaculate summer. The controversies? Who should start at left guard. The story lines? Just how much has the secondary improved. The color? Matching Tommy Bahama pastel shirts at a team luncheon. I think I liked the pink ones best.
“It's without a doubt the least amount of preseason buzz in the 20 years we've been doing radio,” Eric Bickel of the Junkies said.
“The grocery store clerk, the mail carrier, no one's asking me questions anymore,” NBC Washington sports anchor Carol Maloney said. “The hot topic is how good they can be. It's just so normal.”
“It's whisper quiet,” 106.7 mid-day host Danny Rouhier said. “And it's glorious.”
For fans of the team, it surely is. The PR office should be cracking nightly bottles of champagne. But the past few weeks have reminded me that drama has its own fan base, and that I've attracted countless readers who actually don't like the Redskins but do enjoy seeing them flail. People like my friend Drew Magary, an avid consumer of Redskins negativity, who wrote on Deadspin this summer that they were the only NFL team not deserving of even a token compliment. Or my friend Peter Hassett, who reads our Redskins coverage more often when the team is floundering.
[Redskins observers are really, really high on the Redskins]
“I hate to admit it,” they wrote to me. “But yeah, when the team is terrible, on or off the field, I lap it up.”
I don't think he's alone. The old Redskins were unscripted Trump: Whatever they did was compelling, whether or not you were a fan, and so the headlines (and talk-radio segments) were irresistible. The new Redskins are Trump with a teleprompter: likely more successful, but a helluva lot less interesting to casual observers.
“It's funny because we've all been saying ‘I'm so sick of this, every day is drama, I just wish we were talking about football like people who cover the good organizations,' ” said Carlin, the co-host of CSN's SportsTalk Live. “Now that I have that, there is nothing to talk about.”
This isn't easy to measure. People are still reading our beat coverage of the team. August ratings at 106.7 The Fan were actually up significantly, year-to-year. My friend Jamie said they are as optimistic about this Redskins team as any this century — that should benefit those of us who cover the team, starting next week. It's more about the disappearance of strong feelings. No one is arguing which quarterback should start, or whether a conditioning test is unfair, or whether the coach is on the clock, or whether the GM is a buffoon. And — all due respect to Dashaun Phillips — it's hard to get worked up over who should be the slot corner.
“The enthusiasm is tepid,” John-Paul Flaim of the Junkies said.
“There are no [expletive] calls,” Jason Bishop added.
“We haven't talked about them as much,” Bickel said.
“There's no reason to talk about them, because there's no drama,” Bishop said.
Don't start bashing the media just yet. None of the people I spoke with said they missed the circus. Beat writers have told me they're thrilled to be writing stories about football topics instead of soap opera plot lines. Maloney said the same thing; “While the team is boring, I'm not bored covering them,” as they put it. It's easier on all of us when players in the locker room are happy — and when they're not wary of drama vultures. Plus, I kind of liked my piece about Niles Paul.
“We can still do good topics, and we did the kind of topics I prefer to do, which are football-related,” said 106.7's Grant Paulsen, who called this the quietest preseason in the seven years they have covered the team. “How we measure things oftentimes is engagement — online, or via Twitter, or calls — and you're going to get less of all of that. But I think that the content we like to do, we get to do more often now.”
More importantly, there's a sense that any short-term sacrifice in feedback or attention in August is a worthy investment if the payoff is a winning team in October or November. Everyone I talked to argued that covering franchise drama can offer a thrilling sugar high, but that it isn't worth it if five years later all your teeth have fallen out.
[Best and worst moments from the Redskins' offseason]
“All the nonsense is short-lived,” Carlin said. “It fills a few minutes of the show, but it was way more fun spending nine days in New Orleans with the Ravens when they won the Super Bowl than all the day-to-day craziness that the Redskins were.”
“If they're bad, people care at a level 10 for a day or two, and then it goes to zero for a long time,” Rouhier said. “If a team is winning and there's less drama, maybe the short-term spikes aren't there, but talking about a relevant team in December and January is a blessing.”
“Success and championships offer by far a higher ceiling for audience engagement and growth than disaster. Disaster is [only] fun for a couple of weeks,” added Chris Kinard, the program director at 106.7 The Fan. “If they're successful at any level this year, I think there'll be much more interest next year. So I don't really worry about whether there's a ton of interest in the middle of July.”
(The Redskins, who control rival station ESPN 980, declined to make employees of that station available for this piece.)
And sure, I might be getting ahead of myself. Washington's success over the past year has been modest, and there's no guarantee it will continue. You wouldn't enjoy one good trip on the red line and pronounce Metro fixed. And even if this is a productive but unflashy 8-8 campaign, something interesting will happen. Something always does.
In the meantime, there's still one more tight end I haven't profiled. Hope you're interested in Vernon Davis.
Supported by this culture, the Estonian government has built the technology platform that everyone wishes we had here. To explain how they did it, I asked an Estonian and one of our Entrepreneurs in Residence, Sten Tamkivi, to tell the story. Their response is below.
— Ben Horowitz, co-founder and partner of the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz
***
Estonia may not show up on Americans' radar too often. It is a tiny country in northeastern Europe, just next to Finland. It has the territory of the Netherlands, but 13 times fewer people—its 1.3 million inhabitants is comparable to Hawaii's population. As a friend from India recently quipped, “What is there to govern?”
What makes this tiny country interesting in terms of governance is not just that the people can elect their parliament online or get tax overpayments back within two days of filing their returns. It is also that this level of service for citizens is not the result of the government building a few websites. Instead, Estonians started by redesigning their entire information infrastructure from the ground up with openness, privacy, security, and ‘future-proofing' in mind.
The first building block of e-government is telling citizens apart. This sounds blatantly obvious, but alternating between referring to a person by their social security number, taxpayer number, and other identifiers doesn't cut it. Estonia uses a simple, unique ID methodology across all systems, from paper passports to bank records to government offices and hospitals. A citizen with the personal ID code 37501011234 is a male born in the 20th century (3) in year '75 on January 1 as the 123rd baby of that day. The number ends with a computational checksum to easily detect typos.
For these identified citizens to transact with each other, Estonia passed the Digital Signatures Act in 2000. The state standardized a national Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), which binds citizen identities to their cryptographic keys, and now doesn't care if any Tiit and Toivo (to use common Estonian names) sign a contract in electronic form with certificates or plain ink on paper. A signature is a signature in the eyes of the law.
As a quirky side effect, this foundational law also forced all decentralized government systems to become digital “by market demand.” No part of the Estonian government can turn down a citizen's digitally signed document and demand a paper copy instead. As citizens opt for convenience, bureaucrats see a higher inflow of digital forms and are self-motivated to invest in systems that will help them manage the process. Yet a social worker in a small village can still provide the same service with no big investment by handling the small number of digitally signed email attachments the office receives.
Juan Mata has hailed their Manchester United and Spain team-mate David de Gea saying that the goalkeeper "has huge faith in himself" and that they are so calm during matches they are almost "unconscious".
De Gea was recently voted Manchester United player of the year by their team-mates and fans and is one of the few players to have emerged from a difficult season in credit. Mata, who joined United from Chelsea in January, says they have been very impressed with the goalkeeper, whom they played with for the Spanish Under-21s.
"He has huge faith in himself, which is a really important virtue," Mata says. "He doesn't let anything affect him. The day they make a mistake they know they have made a mistake but it never sinks him. They use it to make sure that they don't make the mistake next time. It's a great quality. He's very calm. At times it seems almost like it's unconscious but that's a good thing.
"I've spoken to friends from Asturias about this and they say: 'bloody hell, it's as if [Leo] Messi doesn't care about anything, it's like he's just not bothered.' They score goals and acts as if it's normal. But maybe that's a good thing. At this level, there's so much pressure and maybe if you tell yourself that you have to be brilliant all the time, when you make a mistake you collapse. Maybe you have to treat it all as a bit more 'normal'. I think that's a quality that great players have."
Mata also paid tribute to De Gea for helping them out as they settled in following their move from Chelsea. "It really helped that David De Gea was here. We had played together in the Spanish Under-21s. That makes a real difference for me ... and for him. It's a two-way street. I'm happy he's here ... and in fact, they have been one of the best players in the team too. He's happy that I am here too. We live very close together, we spend a lot of time together.
"The same as with Torres at Chelsea? No, with De Gea it's different because I'm the older one ... but he's the person I see the most of, we go to training together. I didn't know them as well before as I do now and he's a trozo de pan, a really lovely guy. He's also a brilliant goalkeeper who I am sure is going to eat the world."
The world championship in biathlon—a combination of cross-country skiing and rifle shooting—ends this weekend. Germany, with its long biathlon tradition, has had a poor showing with just a lone silver medal. But there's one area where a German is winning big.
Peter Fortner, a gunsmith from Rohrdorf, manufacturers so-called repeater devices, which allows athletes to shoot faster by reducing the loading time of their rifles. They say 95% of all professional biathletes use their invention.
The idea came about in the early 1980s. Fortner, a traditional gunsmith, met Peter Angerer, who had won a gold medal in the Olympic Winter Games in Sarajevo. Casually, Angerer told Fortner that West Germany's biathlon team would need “proper” rifles. Back then, better rifles built in the GDR (former East Germany) at that time were only available on the Soviet and GDR market, Fortner told Quartz. They agreed to rebuild an old biathlon rifle and developed a new repeating device that improves an athlete's speed. Previous versions had a lateral cocking mechanism. To operate it, shooters needed to take their hands from the pistol grip, so they needed extra time to readjust the rifle. Fortner's device can be operated by the athlete's index finger and thumb, without changing the hand position.
“The repeating device alone is about two seconds faster each shot,” Fortner said. They said because the rifle also remains relatively stable, athletes gain a few seconds more they else would use to readjust the rifle.
Here's a video that shows how the repeating device works:
Fortner formally started their own business in 1984, with a focus on biathlon rifle production. Today they have six employees. The company produces only the repeating device and builds part of the rifles with material received from Fortner's business partner, Anschütz, a German producer of sports and hunting weapons.
Peter Fortner Fortner's biathlon rifle repeating device.
Together, they produce between 500 and 600 rifles a year. Biathlon rifles cost about €3,000 ($4,000), and about 10,000 biathlon rifles are in use today. Fortner said their annual revenue is €700,000 ($937,000). They said they aren't afraid of large companies taking over the segment, since the market is too small to be worth it. Fortner only has one Russian competitor, Izhmash, but its main focus is on producing military weapons.
You're on a guided tour of Jerusalem, and your friend begins acting strangely. At first you think he's just jet-lagged and tired, but once he's wandering around in bed sheets and proclaiming themselves John the Baptist, you know something's really wrong. Your friend has Jerusalem Syndrome.
Jerusalem is an important place to a great many people, especially followers of three of the world's major religions: Christianity, Judaism and Islam. Jerusalem is the Holy City, and pilgrims flock to it every year to come closer to the foundations of their faith. For Jews, the entire city is holy, but especially the Western Wall, which is all that remains of the great Temple destroyed by the Romans. Muslims come to the Dome of the Rock, a shrine that is the third-holiest place in the Islam faith. Christians make pilgrimages to the Church of the Holy Sepulcher, which marks the spot where Jesus is said to be crucified and buried, and the Via Dolorosa, the path Jesus is said to have traveled carrying their cross.
Jerusalem is also a highly political city, bitterly fought over by different religious and cultural factions. So in this ancient place, rich with a painful and beautiful history, perhaps it's not surprising that those who go there searching for meaning find more than what they were bargaining for. Imagine that you're a small-town girl from middle America, raised on the Bible, and you're standing at the exact same spot where Jesus, your savior, is supposed to have died. You might be disappointed -- this ordinary-looking dusty spot is what I came here to see? On the other hand, you might react with joy or awe. At this moment, you are so close to your God that it's overwhelming.
But not everyone leaves proclaiming themselves or themselves a prophet. Are these people mentally ill? Or are they simply overcome by a powerful spiritual experience? In this article, we'll explore Jerusalem Syndrome and look at some real-life examples of people who have it. We'll also discuss whether or not it's real, what causes it and how to treat it.
New Scotland is sounding a lot like, well, old Scotland in Mairi Parr's Grade 12 classroom.
On the last day before exams, they run over some vocabulary with their students. What's the difference between a leine t and a leine? (The first is a T-shirt, the second a regular shirt.)
The class shouts out their answers in chorus. No sweat for them: they've been studying Scottish Gaelic since Grade 6.
It was once the first language of thousands of Nova Scotians, brought with them from Scotland.
Now Gaelic is making a comeback.
The Dr. John Hugh Gillis Regional High School students are part of a growing trend in the Strait Regional School Board as more and more students jump for the chance to study Gaelic in the classroom.
I wanted to surprise [my great-grandmother]. I got a surprise too: the only Gaelic they knew were curse words - Allie Stewart
Seven years ago Parr saw a posting online and leapt at the chance to teach their mother's first language in Antigonish, which has a population just over 5,000.
What started as 15 students in a class has grown to include more than 300 students at seven schools in the district, including:
St. Andrews Consolidated School, a primary to Grade 6 school in St. Andrews
Bayview Education Centre, a primary to Grade 8 school in Port Hood
St. Andrew Junior School, a grade 5 to 8 school in Antigonish
Antigonish Dr. John Hugh Gillis Regional High School, a grade 9 to 12 school in Antigonish
Gillis Antigonish Antigonish Education Centre, a primary to Grade 4 school in Antigonish
Antigonish Whycocomagh Education Centre, a primary to Grade 8 school in Whycocomagh
Whycocomagh Dalbrae Academy, a grade 9 to 12 school in Mabou .
The Strait Regional School Board says it's seeing an increase in student enrolment at the Gaelic 4, Gaelic 9, Gaelic 11, and Gaelic 12 levels.
Scottish pride isn't hard to find in Antigonish. Here, even the street signs welcome you in Gaelic.
"The children, they've been surrounded by the culture for so long. It's inevitable the language is going to come back to play a part. It's almost like it was like the missing link that brings in their spirit, their family, their history, the culture. All of it goes hand in hand with the language," said Parr.
"It's almost like it's inherent in them."
Tapping into Scottish roots
For most students, the core class is a chance to dig into their roots.
"I really wanted to connect to my family's background because they do come from Scotland. Also I had heard my great-grandmother knew how to speak Gaelic, so I wanted to surprise her," said Allie Stewart. "I got kind of a surprise, too: the only Gaelic they knew were curse words."
Stewart and most of their classmates started learning Gaelic in Grade 6. The program now starts as early as Grade 4.
Many of the students have Scottish heritage, and at least one even speaks the language at home.
Still, Parr says the class has attracted people with diverse backgrounds to study the language.
"To understand many cultures and live well in a global community it's important to appreciate different kinds. Gaelic lends itself perfectly to any kind of cultural understanding. We've got a very, very mixed community in the class, but they all come under the Gaelic umbrella," they said.
"They've really built their own modern youth culture within the system."
It is fashionable nowadays to talk about personal attention as a commodity or a currency. Many companies are looking for ways to automate the act of “paying attention” to individual customers on a grand scale, even as many of them also confuse attention with intention (to buy). “Attention” is becoming more interesting now that the Internet makes it easier to measure it.
But attention is neither a currency nor a commodity. It can, to some extent, be bought and sold. But it cannot be traded to third parties, and it is not entirely fungible.
While companies (and some people) seek attention because they expect to earn money through it, many individuals value attention as something that is intrinsically desirable. Just as Facebook “friends” come in varying degrees of intensity, quality, and symmetry, so does attention. Real attention comes from people; “attention” from a computer is worth something only to the extent that it appears to come from a human—and can be negative if people feel deceived.
Basically, attention has three quantifiable aspects: time, completeness, and value. Start with one person paying full attention to another for 15 minutes. That is your spouse listening to you, for example (if that ever happens), or Juan on a date with Alice.
Now consider how that attention is divided. Is Juan talking to Alice, but looking at the woman at the next table or thinking about the deal he's working on? If so, only Juan knows how much attention they are allocating to Alice and how much to other things. (But Alice can guess!) Any speaker addressing an audience is getting the sum of the partial attention of its members, while giving each of them only a small share of their own.
But what is the value of this attention? Determining this depends on who is giving it and who is receiving it. Juan and Alice exchanging attention may or may not be a fair trade, depending on their relative “value”: Is Alice extraordinarily beautiful? Is Juan amazingly rich or powerful (per Henry Kissinger's notion of power as the ultimate aphrodisiac)? Does Alice want Juan's attention?
One way to measure the value of attention is to look at actual transactions. Take Kissinger: Would they show up to speak to you alone? Probably not. How many people would they require in a room? Perhaps 1,000 people, paying $2,995 each. But they might also show up for free to talk to 10 heads of state, or one U.S. president. That gives you some indication of value, though it is hardly exact.
Indeed, the value of attention can be monetized, and a contract requiring someone to pay attention (by, say, giving a speech or appearing at a photo opportunity) can be bought and sold. At a less exalted level, we buy and sell attention all the time, usually as part of some other transaction. You pay extra in a department store for the attention of a sales clerk, and you pay extra to fly first class not just for the legroom and the drinks, but also for the extra attention from check-in personnel, flight attendants, and other people in line (if you care about their deference). That kind of attention can be valued by looking at the premium that people pay for it.
The Internet is changing the economics of attention by fostering peer-to-peer interactions. People used to pay attention to those around them and to “stars.” Now, they spend lots of time online paying attention to people they haven't met. And, increasingly, individuals go online to get attention, not to give it. Accordingly, companies need to learn how to give customers the attention that they crave, rather than demanding customers' attention and then charging them extra for the attention that their brand commands.
Again, much of this attention is measurable, at least superficially, by watching people's online behavior. The normal rough economic calculations apply: Who online gets most attention vs. who gives it?
Companies are now busily developing metrics for attention: the number of Twitter or Google+ followers or Facebook friends; reputation points for being a good seller, buyer, or reviewer; Klout® scores; game-player status; and so on. Individuals value these scores, but not because they want to buy or sell them (in general, they cannot). They value them in part because they want to draw more attention to themselves, from more valuable people. But, in part, they just value the status itself.
In response, many companies are now beginning to provide metrics to their customers for their behavior vis-à-vis that particular vendor. Consider airline points, for example: roughly one-third of them are never cashed in; people value the status and the attention they earn more than the supposed “actual” value. But they do pay for them, by favoring one vendor over another.
Thus, what companies are creating is not so much new currencies that can be traded but new value systems for earning attention and recognizing (paying attention to) individual status. Each is mostly self-centered. You can move your friends from, say, Facebook to Google+, but the value earned in World of Warcraft or on American Airlines doesn't count for much elsewhere.
The question for companies is the extent to which those virtual rewards are translated back into purchasing behavior (and the ability to command higher prices). The question for individuals is this: What do you really value—a company's points, a salesperson's paid-by-the-hour attention, or a friend's genuine sympathy? Your answer—how and to whom you want to allocate your finite attention—will increasingly attract the attention of others.
Read this article at Project Syndicate.
I've been tracking my habits on and off for the past couple of years, but when I went through a brief stint of not tracking habits, I didn't do a very good job of building them, either. Something about the process of checking off a habit each day and keeping a log of my progress really improves my motivation and ability to complete that habit each day.
Advertisement
This post originally appeared on the Exist blog.
Over time I've tracked habits like playing piano and practicing French every day to more mundane habits like waking up early and planning for tomorrow before I go to bed.
Easily the most rewarding thing about tracking habits is when I can stop tracking because the behavior really has become automatic—a sign of a strong habit. I read fiction every night before I go to sleep now. Six months ago I struggled to fit that in every day, but tracking it helped me to build it into a regular part of my routine.
Advertisement
What Habits Should You Track?
From my own experience and a lot of research, I've learned some of the pitfalls of building new habits. I've also learned what sets me up for success when choosing a new habit to track.
Advertisement
When you choose a new habit to track, consider these three aspects:
1. Motivation
Choose a habit you care about doing regularly. Don't worry about whether other people think it's important. For instance, don't try to exercise every day because you think you should. It won't be long before your motivation for doing that habit will wane and you'll be relying on willpower alone to get you through (not a great idea—we only have so much willpower, so you want to find a way to build habits without relying on it too much).
Advertisement
If you choose, on the other hand, to walk your dog every day or to play outside with your kids, those habits might come with a lot more motivation for your personally than going to the gym. And yet, they happen to include some exercise. See how that works?
Find something you're motivated to do. You'll need that motivation to keep you going, since habits can be an uphill battle until they become ingrained.
2. Regularity
The more often you do your habit, the stronger it will become. Each repetition enforces it as a behavior and strengthens the pathways in your brain related to it. Eventually, all that repetition makes the behavior automatic, something you do without thinking about it, which is when we call it a habit.
Advertisement
If you're only doing something once or twice a week, it's going to take a long time for that behavior to develop into a habit. You're spending more of your week not doing it.
Try to find a habit you can track every day, or every weekday at least. The more you do it, the faster you'll develop it into a real habit.
3. Achievability
If you aim to run 5km every day after not exercising for the past two years, you probably won't keep that up for long. To keep on track with your new habit you need to choose something achievable so you'll always feel that if you make the effort you can do it.
Advertisement
The last thing you want is ability getting in the way when you're already battling with your willpower.
If you need to choose something tiny to start with, go for it. Better a tiny habit that you do every day than a huge one you hardly ever complete.
Advertisement
How to Build Solid Habits
Before you start tracking your habits, let's talk about how you can build solid habits―that is, a behavior that's become automatic so you do it without thinking.
Advertisement
Work on One Habit at a Time
Focusing on several new behaviors at once will mean you can't fully focus on any one of them. You're making things much harder for yourself if you try to build multiple new habits at the same time. Not only are you expecting too much from yourself at once, but your habits may end up competing for priority.
Say you're working on a habit to go to the gym every morning, for instance, but you're also trying to get eight hours of sleep every night. What do you do when you have a late night―sleep in to get your eight hours, or go to the gym and lose sleep? If you'd already built the habit of going to the gym, there wouldn't be a question. You'd go to the gym without questioning yourself, because it's a habit. When neither of your new behaviors are habits yet, they end up competing for your attention and your willpower.
Advertisement
“Stack” Your Habits
The best way to turn a behavior into a habit is to use a trigger to remind yourself to do it. For instance, if you're trying to build a habit of doing 20 pushups ever morning, you could use getting out of bed as your trigger. Every morning when you get out of bed, use that as a reminder to do your pushups.
Your trigger needs to be something you always do anyway. Getting up or going to bed work well. So do showering, brushing your teeth, or anything else you already do without thinking. In case you hadn't noticed, these are all habits you've already built.
Advertisement
You know what that means right? As you build new habits, you create new triggers for yourself as well. If you build the habit of 20 pushups every morning, you can stack a new habit onto it. Maybe you want to do 20 sit-ups as well. Once you've built a stack with those two habits, you can add a third. Maybe you want to spend some time reading every morning after exercising. So now you've got a stack of three habits.
Each existing habit acts as a trigger to remind you to complete the next one until it becomes natural to do both together. That's when you know you can add something new to the stack.
Advertisement
Build Time into Your Day
If you complete your new habit at any time, on any day, you won't get the advantage of familiarity that helps you get used to doing that behavior without thinking about it.
To make your habits automatic faster, plan them into your day. Do them in the same way, in the same place, at the same time every day.
Advertisement
Do your pushups on the floor next to your bed every morning, right after you get up, for instance. Or exercise at 10am every weekday at the gym. This is not a hard and fast rule, but in my experience, it helps to make a habit automatic much faster if your trigger and environment are always the same.
How to Keep Track
Advertisement
Okay, so you've picked a habit to work on and now you're ready to keep track so you know how well you're keeping up with it. How do you go about it?
It depends on what works for you. If you're not sure, try a few different methods to see what works best.
Paper
The ol' trusted favorite. If you use a diary or daily planner, try making a note on each day of whether you completed your habit or not. If you do a regular weekly or monthly review, this is a great time to check back through your notes to see how you're progressing over time.
Advertisement
Spreadsheet
If you're a spreadsheet fiend, you can set up a simple sheet to track whether you complete your habit each day. This is a good way to make your tracking more visual so you can get an idea of a glance about how you're going.
In fact, the app I use to track my habits was modeled on spreadsheets because they're so simple and useful.
Advertisement
Mobile Apps
I'm partial to tracking habits with my phone. If you want to try this too, I put together a big list of habit-tracking apps on the Exist blog.
A couple of my favorites to start you off are Momentum (iOS) and Habit Bull (Android).
Advertisement
This isn't all written in stone, of course. You need to find the methods of habit tracking that work best for you, and use them to build a better self.
Tracking Your Habits: Why You Should, and How to Do It Well | Exist
Belle is a co-founder of Exist, a personal analytics platform to help you track and understand your life.  They are a writer at Crew and was previously Buffer's first Content Crafter and Head of Content at Attendly.
Advertisement
Mr Clegg said there was 'no excuse' for government not to intervene Nick Clegg has called on the prime minister and home secretary to "do the right thing" and block the extradition of computer hacker Gary McKinnon. The Lib Dem leader accused ministers of "hiding behind weasel-worded legal excuses" and demanded that Gordon Brown and Alan Johnson intervene in the case. Mr McKinnon, 43, has been denied leave to appeal to the new UK Supreme Court against their extradition to the US. The Home Office has refused to comment while the legal case continues. Mr McKinnon has admitted hacking into 97 US government computers, including those of Nasa and the Pentagon. They insist they were looking for evidence of UFOs but US authorities want to try them under anti-terrorism laws, which carry a maximum penalty of 60 years in prison. Asperger's Syndrome Both the Lib Dems and the Conservatives have criticised the UK's extradition treaty with the US. They say it is unfair to British citizens because of the lack of reciprocity shown by the American authorities. Following the failure of Mr McKinnon's appeal on Friday, Mr Clegg told the BBC their case demonstrated "precisely why we, the Lib Dems, were so staunchly opposed to this treaty right from the beginning". It is long past time that this travesty of justice was put right
David Davis
Conservative MP
Hacker refused extradition appeal "This is wrong. It must be stopped, and Gordon Brown and Alan Johnson can stop it by trying Gary McKinnon here under British law rather than shipping them off to a jail in America," they said. "The Home Office and the government are hiding behind weasel-worded legal excuses. "There is no excuse not to do the right thing and the only right thing to do is to prevent this vulnerable man being sent over to America." Mr McKinnon has Asperger's Syndrome and their lawyers say extradition could have "disastrous consequences" for their health. The former shadow home secretary David Davis said: "The reason this decision has been arrived at is because the British government created a set of laws and agreements which, masquerading as anti-terror laws, actually disadvantaged a whole range of British citizens. "It is long past time that this travesty of justice was put right." A Conservative-led debate in the House of Commons in July failed to force a review of the laws. During the debate the home secretary said the act had simplified extradition rules while still protecting suspects' rights. At the time Mr Johnson denied claims the law was one-sided, saying the burden of evidence required to secure someone's extradition on either side was "essentially" the same.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After a rocky start, and a middling middle,Â Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.DÂ ended the season strongly, with a few emotional thrusts to gut us and an ambitious view to the future.
I was never shy about my criticisms of SHIELD; It was disjointed, depended too much on cutesy references to its Marvel Cinematic Universe Pedigree (to which I certainly didn't think it lived up); two of its leads were wooden and it asked more questions than it answered, for which I have no patience.
But the last few episodes brought things together; the independent episodes were necessary to gather together the alien hardware HYDRA was after; made us understand Deathlok; Coulson's mysterious resurrection came around to revive Skye and John Garrett (who went all psycho music of the universe with a full dose of the mysterious miracle drug) and finally, to form a team, something I never thought would happen at the beginning of the season when it just seemed to be a bunch of people thrown together: The Cavalry, The Ghost of a Man, The Sassy Hacker, The Twins and The Plank o' Wood.
It's not the group we started with, and to be clear, a ‘group' is not a team. We started with a group, but now, I dare say, we have a team.
This episode just took me to the beyond. Fitz and Simmons waiting to die on the ocean floor, with Simmons somehow making it all sound so beautiful; the explanation that all the energy we have within us, from billions of different sources, from the tiniest to the most mighty, each being as equally terrified to die, and how, when we died, we'd go on to be energy to billions of other sources, put the whole process into perspective, and even me, with my weird death fixation, was calmed, for just a minute. And then, my twins, my beautiful, wonderful, brilliant twins, with their indecipherable twin-speak, found a solution. One fish, Two fish, red fish, going-to-get-the-hell-out-of-here, Hydra-In-Your-Face-Fish.
But there's not enough oxygen for the both of them and someone has to die. Of course. And Fitz, wonderful Fitz, sacrifices themselves for Gemma, whom they love, because don't we all, but Simmons won't accept that, and sheÂ dragsÂ them to the surface, knowing their beacon can't possibly reach anybody, but he's their best friend in the world and she's not letting them go, there's no Fitz/Simmons without Fitz, and in the face of hopelessness, she's taking them with her, because they're a team, they're friends, and even if it's uneven, they love each other. And when they broke the surface, and they're alone with nothing around them, there to save them, like the Hand of God, is Nick Fury. And I broke.
It was good to see Fury and Coulson together, and, oddly, they make a good comedic pair, especially while making waste of villain John Garrett. The interaction between the two, later witnessed by Melinda May, was not only very telling and powerful, but, subtly, very sweet. While Coulson railed at Fury that TAHITI, the weirdo project with mysterious goo that was only to be used in the case of the fall of an Avenger, Fury's response was indicative that, indeed, that's exactly what happened with Coulson.
The implicit meaning being, that not all of Earth's Mightiest Heroes are from other realms, or have super suits, or have been hit by gamma rays, or are former Russian spies or what-the-Hell ever. Sometimes they're just guys in suits with our best interest in heart.
Going forward, we're free of Garrett, who blessedly got blown to a million crazy little pieces in a scene that will make me laugh every time I watch it. SHIELD really is at its best when it doesn't take itself too seriously and offers up a healthy dose of humor with a good deal of ass-kicking. There's Cybertek to deal with, with their creepy ‘Incentives' program, which seems to be ‘Kidnapping people you love to get you to come work for us.' I think Microsoft uses the same business model. Coulson is now Director of a broken SHIELD that needs rebuilding from scratch, which is great, because he's awesome, but he's going all John Garrett Music-of-the-Universe whacko now, too.
So Ace Peterson gets their answer, not only from their father Mike, who as Deathlok is now on the side of good, but from this group of agents. Fitz is off healing somewhere, and I'll miss him, and Ward is having bamboo shoved under their fingernails as we speak and I'm sorry I'm missingÂ that, but with the addition of Trip, and fingers crossed, more Patton Oswald as Billy Koenig (Eric's doppelgÃ¤nger), finally, when asked, “What are we?” theseÂ Agents of S.H.I.E.L.DÂ can answer, “We're a team.”
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. will be back with season two this fall on ABC. Same day of the week (Tuesdays) but a new time slot (9/8c).
Andrew Halcro checks in on the Palin legacy in Alaska:
Palin conned Alaskans into thinking they could bluff three of the world's the largest oil & gas companies into building the most expensive private sector project in the history of the United States. [...] Three years later, AGIA is an unqualified failure. Even former supporters say the plan will fail and the state has wasted three years chasing a wild goose that many of us warned about when this bad trip began back in March of 2007.
The current governor is scrambling to get the project on track. Just a few days ago, on Facebook, Palin was still touting the pipeline as part of their political resume. And why not? In their mind, it's already up and running. And it's only what's in their mind that matters, innit?
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
* * *
Software vulnerabilities aren't the only thing that the NSA stockpiles. Four years ago, the American public learned that the agency hoovers up metadata pertaining to the private communications of most every adult in this country.
After the Edward Snowden leaks, the Obama administration insisted that the costs of collecting and storing metadata on phone calls, texts, and emails was outweighed by the benefits. Sure, the trove that the government was amassing indicated countless sensitive calls, like those to abortion clinics, suicide hotlines, and oncologists; and it could expose a person's entire web of acquaintances.
But procedural safeguards would prevent violations of privacy, NSA defenders insisted. NSA analysts wouldn't enjoy unfettered access to the entire haul. Rather, they would be permitted to submit discrete queries, like a phone number found in a terrorist safe house. And if their database in fact contained information on that target, they'd still be limited by a constraint that they could only look at other phone numbers within two or three “hops” of the target.
NSA critics challenged the accuracy and adequacy of the safeguards, as well as the government's underlying presumption: that an American's privacy wasn't in fact impinged upon if the government merely gathered and stored information about their communications, so long as no one subsequently looked at it.
A different concern was scarcely broached: What if the U.S. government never itself abused the system it built, but failed to safeguard its contents?
The likelihood of the trove's eventual theft strikes me as significant (and that is assuming that a foreign government or group of hackers hasn't already gotten any of it). The NSA failed to stop Snowden from taking some of its most closely held secrets. It failed to stop the Shadow Brokers from taking some of its most closely held cyber weapons and deploying them against innocents, including Americans. Why expect it to successfully safeguard its most closely held trove of metadata?
Per the Times, “NSA employees say that with thousands of employees pouring in and out of the gates, and the ability to store a library's worth of data in a device that can fit on a key ring, it is impossible to prevent people from walking out with secrets.”
According to the report, after the NSA's stockpile of offensive weapons leaked, the consequences included the following:
Millions of people saw their computers shut down by ransomware, with demands for payments in digital currency to have their access restored. Tens of thousands of employees at Mondelez International, the maker of Oreo cookies, had their data completely wiped. FedEx reported that an attack on a European subsidiary had halted deliveries and cost $300 million. Hospitals in Pennsylvania, Britain, and Indonesia had to turn away patients. The attacks disrupted production at a car plant in France, an oil company in Brazil, and a chocolate factory in Tasmania, among thousands of enterprises affected worldwide. American officials had to explain to close allies—and to business leaders in the United States—how cyber weapons developed at Fort Meade in Maryland came to be used against them.
Now consider the potential costs and consequences if the NSA's stockpile of metadata on American citizens were to be breached by hackers or stolen by an insider, and then come under the control of Russia or China or North Korea or terrorists.
It's early, but my immediate reaction to Rex Ryan getting the Buffalo Bills' coaching gig is that if they do a good job, they can immediately get this team to the playoffs for the first time in 15 years, ending the longest current drought in the NFL and team history.
Before Doug Marrone chose to leave their post as Buffalo's coach on Dec. 31, I was mildly surprised they already hadn't been fired. They have struggled to get along with the front office, and the team had remained in playoff contention largely based on the strength of its defense. Marrone's supposed area of coaching strength, the offensive line, had become a disaster zone for the Bills. What once was a position of relative strength had become a weakness.
So what's required of Ryan? What are the tasks they and the front office should address now to make the playoff goal a reality?
Here are four things they must address:
1. Get a high-level pass-rusher opposite Mario Williams
With Clayton Kershaw moved to the 60-day disabled list in a procedural move, the ace will not pitch until at least August 27. They were in the midst of a historic season that was a sure path to a Cy Young, and perhaps some MVP award votes.
With Kershaw out, who will win the NL Cy Young?
Two contenders are pitching today: Madison Bumgarner and Kyle Hendricks. But do they have the best cases? Here's a look at the contenders.
The case for Stephen Strasburg: Great chance to win
• They have a 4.6 WAR, third among pitchers.
• They also lead the NL with 15 wins.
Best W-L by 20-Game Winner Since 1st Cy Young Awarded in 1956 W-L 1978 Ron Guidry* 25-3 2008 Cliff Lee* 22-3 2014 Clayton Kershaw* 21-3 2013 Max Scherzer* 21-3 2001 Roger Clemens* 20-3 1988 David Cone 20-3 *Won Cy Young
If Strasburg goes 5-1 or better in their remaining starts and reaches a 20-3 record, he'll reach a mark that has led to Cy Young honors for five of six pitchers.
The wins aren't unwarranted. Strasburg is in the top five among current NL pitchers in opponents' batting average, ERA and WHIP.
The case for Johnny Cueto: Efficiency
• They have four complete games, tied for most in the majors and a career high.
• They have thrown at least seven innings in 14 games this season, second to only Max Scherzer (15).
• They have a 5 percent walk rate, fifth in the National League.
The case for Bumgarner: consistency
• Their 2.25 ERA is third in NL (behind Kershaw, Kyle Hendricks)
• They have 18 quality starts, tied for the most in the majors.
•  They are fifth in the NL with a 1.03 WHIP.
•  They are on pace for 259 strikeouts, which would be a career high.
•  They are second in MLB with 155 2/3 innings pitched.
Bumgarner has received Cy Young votes in each of the past three seasons, but in none of those was their ERA below 2.75.
The case for Scherzer: empty basepaths
• Their 198 strikeouts are most in the majors, including 20 Ks on May 11, most in a single game since Randy Johnson in 2001.
• They have four games with 10 strikeouts and no walks, second only to Kershaw in the NL.
• They have a 4.7 WAR, the most among pitchers.
•  They are second in the majors with a .246 opponents' on-base percentage.
The case for Kyle Hendricks: ERA
• Their 2.22 ERA is second in the NL behind Kershaw.
• Their 9 percent hard-hit rate is second in the majors behind Kershaw.
• They have 18 starts of five innings pitched and three or fewer earned runs, tied with Scherzer and Jon Lester for second-most in the NL.
The case for Jake Arrieta: still barely hittable
• Their .189 opponents' batting average is second in the NL.
• Their .542 opponents' on-base plus slugging is second in the NL.
• Their 1 percent home run rate is second in the NL.
In each, he's second to Clayton Kershaw.
Kershaw isn't completely out of the Cy Young race. He's still on the NL leaderboards, because he's thrown 121 innings (more than their team's games played). On August 20, the Dodgers will play their 122nd game, still seven days before Kershaw is eligible to return. At that point, Kershaw will no longer lead the NL in ERA, WHIP, K-BB or any other category, even if they did the day before.
WILLOUGHBY HILLS, Ohio -- A small plane crashed Monday night while taking off from Cuyahoga County Airport, killing all four passengers and stunning people living in homes nearby.
Officials with the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
People living near the airport on Bishop Road just north of White Road said they heard the plane crash and rushed toward it in an attempt to help, but the fire became too intense.
The plane came to rest just off the east side of Bishop Road near Curtiss Wright Parkway and struck a utility pole, officials said.
Willoughby Hills Assistant Fire Chief Tom Talcott and the Ohio Highway Patrol confirmed there were four passengers on board. None survived.
Talcott said it was a small plane, but they did not know what kind. The damage to the aircraft was extensive.
The plane went down at about 10:02 p.m., Talcott said. Residents who lived near the crash said it sounded like the plane might be in distress, with one man saying it sounded like car engine backfiring.
Mark Gerald, 45, of 3006 Bishop Road, was sitting on their front porch when the plane crashed. They said they could hear the plane struggling but did not see it until hit the ground.
Gerald said they and other neighbors ran toward the plane hoping they could pull the occupants out, but it exploded as they approached.
"It's just a shame," Gerald said. "We thought we had (a chance to help them). It was too hot. ... The whole fuselage was involved."
Ruzanna Tovmasyan, 23, lives next door to Gerald. They were inside their home when they heard the crash. They said heard an unusual sound before the crash, like a car with a flat tire.
They also ran to help but was held off by the flames.
"We couldn't do anything but scream," Tovmasyan said. "I was yelling 'Jesus' down the street."
William Honaker, 18, of Richmond Heights, said they had just turned onto Bishop Road when they saw a "ball of light." They said they realized it was a fireball.
Honaker said they also tried to approach the plane but said onlookers warned them to stay away because of the intense fire.
"(The plane) was so mangled," Honaker said. "I didn't want to look at it anymore to be honest."
In April 2009, a single-engine plane bound for Buffalo crashed just east of SOM Center Road in Mayfield Village after taking off from Cuyahoga County Airport. Two people were killed.
In a shocking admission, Christopher Doyle, a board member for Parents & Friends of Ex-Gays (PFOX) and blogger for the Christian Post, admits that while they were an adolescent they got in trouble for molesting “little girls” that their mother was responsible for watching in their daycare center. According to “Christopher's Story,” which was previously posted on PFOX's website, Doyle confessed:
“I tried to have sex with the little girls that my mother watched in their daycare, and eventually, one of the girls told their parents what I was doing. The shame that was placed on me by my parents was more than I could bear. Rather than rescue me, teach me, and put me in counseling, the ‘bad boy' was left alone to deal with all of this shame.”
Doyle claims that they were only ten years old at the time of the illegal incidents. Still, such disturbing behavior is rather unusual and raises enormous red flags in our view, considering Doyle's access to youth as a therapist.  They are currently a counselor at the International Healing Foundation (IHF), a business where the therapists regularly pet vulnerable clients in a technique called “touch therapy.” IHF has long focused on youth and its founder, Richard Cohen, has written a bizarre “ex-gay” children's book “Alfie's Home.” Doyle is also a key member of the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality (NARTH), which claims that 50% of their clients are LGBT youth.
Perhaps most alarming, Doyle has started a company, Acception Productions, that is working to get its anti-gay videos — that deceptively pretend to be anti-bullying videos — into public schools. At the time of publication, Doyle has not provided the ages of the girls they admit to “trying to have sex with.”
It could be that Doyle's confessed youthful perversion only occurred during that time period, many years ago. However, one must take pause when looking a their career, one that disturbingly goes through great lengths to place Doyle in close proximity to youth.
The question that parents should ask: Do they want Christopher Doyle, given their notorious past, engaging in touch therapy with their sons and daughters?
Winnipeg city council has passed a 20-year, $334-million cycling and pedestrian strategy following a raucous debate on Wednesday that included one critic, Transcona Coun. Russ Wyatt, storming out of the meeting.
The strategy proposes expanding and maintaining the city's bicycle and sidewalk network, having more safe, well-lit routes and more offering facilities for pedestrians and cyclists.
The strategy, along with some amendments to it, passed by a vote of 12-3 on Wednesday afternoon.
A 20-year, $334-million pedestrian and cycling strategy proposes expanding and maintaining the city's bicycle and sidewalk network, having more safe, well-lit routes and more offering facilities for pedestrians and cyclists. (CBC) The councillors who voted against it were Jeff Browaty (North Kildonan), Shawn Dobson (St. Charles) and Ross Eadie (Mynarski).
The critics argued that the strategy in its current form would cost millions of dollars and commit Winnipeg taxpayers to flawed plans. Eadie said some of the recommended routes make no sense in their ward.
"This could have been a better document," Schreyer told council.
"I'm thoroughly frustrated here," said Browaty.
Wyatt, who spearheaded opposition to the plan, was absent from the council chamber at the time of the vote. They had marched out after their proposed changes were shot down by a motion from other councillors.
After Wyatt left, they taped 20 defeated motion documents to the mayor's office door with the words "democracy denied" scrawled on them.
Councillor Wyatt recalls Martin Luther as they symbolically "nails" their words on Mayor Bowman's door. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cbcmb?src=hash">#cbcmb</a> <a href="http://t.co/2dFOkCtjZ9">pic.twitter.com/2dFOkCtjZ9</a> —@SKKav
"The rest of the council meeting is now a farce. Never in the history of council have amendments by sitting and duly elected city councillors been denied a chance for discussion and debate," Wyatt said in a statement.
"Whether they agree with them or not is not the point. The fact they refused open and democratic debate of ideas, everything council should stand for, is unprecedented!"
Aside from the statement, Wyatt did not speak to reporters after the incident.
Wyatt's tactics bullying, says mayor
After the meeting, Mayor Brian Bowman took aim at Wyatt's behaviour.
"These types of antics, they're at worst bullying tactics and at best they're unbecoming of an elected member of Winnipeg city council that is here to represent the citizens," they told reporters.
"I can't speak to the behaviour of one councillor who chose not to ultimately be there to represent their citizens. That's really a decision that they made and that he'll have to answer to the residents in Transcona."
When it was approved by the executive policy committee last week, Bowman stressed that no money would be spent and nothing would be built until council approves each project with the guidance of the strategy.
"This plan is the first step, it's not the last step," said Anders Swanson of the Winnipeg Trails Association, which helped create the strategy.
"Detailed design, as any project manager knows, happens at the last step."
Fort Rouge-East Fort Garry Coun. Jenny Gerbasi called the strategy "a pretty good start" and told critics of the plan, "You can't suck and blow at the same time."
Wyatt, Schreyer, Browaty, Eadie and Coun. Shawn Dobson (St. Charles) had paid for radio ads criticizing the strategy and urging the city to focus on roads and sidewalks instead of bike paths.
Wyatt accused Bowman and pro-cycling proponents on social media — what they called "the dictatorship of the tweeting class" — of trying to push the strategy through council.
Wyatt had planned to introduce nine amendments to the strategy at Wednesday's meeting. However, they found out late Tuesday night they might not get that chance.
They and Eadie say they were told by the city clerk's office that a motion had already been filed — by councillors Janice Lukes and Gerbasi — to amend it. That amendment would deny other motions to be made on the plan.
Wyatt compared the move to what they say the federal Conservatives do when they want to limit debate in Parliament.
Anti-gay activist Stacy Swimp, a Michigan pastor, claimed last month that a Supreme Court ruling legalizing marriage equality throughout the country would bring America into the biblical Last Days.
If the Supreme Court were to issue a favorable marriage equality ruling, Swimp told Cleveland anti-gay activist Molly Smith in a September 23 interview, “I see America looking like what Jesus said the world looking like. They said, ‘As it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be when the Son returns.'”
“You see,” they continued, “in Noah's day, you had complete lawlessness, men did what was right in their own eyes, according to the Bible, and there were no moral boundaries that men respected. And so we are at the threshold in our global society.”
“If this happens to become law, you're going to see complete chaos and lawlessness,” they said, adding that such a ruling would lead to “broken families” and “escalated crime.”
Later in the interview, Swimp argued that “homosexuality, lesbianism” is just “one component of lawlessness that we're seeing in our society” and that the LGBT rights movement and “Islam and the global terrorism” are “working together to silence the gospel.”
They added that Christians are facing persecution in America today, while Muslims and Buddhists face none: “You don't see Muslims, by the way, who disagree with marriage protection being persecuted in America. You don't hear about Buddhists and all these other religions being persecuted while fighting for their religious freedom.”
“That's right, it's us as the Christians,” Smith agreed.
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and Fox News host Sean Hannity on Tuesday went toe-to-toe in an extremely contentious interview that touched on the looming sequestration deadline, President Barack Obama's spending record and the conservative commentator's party registration.
Ellison set the tone for the interview up front.
“I mean, you know, quite frankly, you are the worst excuse for a journalist I've ever seen,” Ellison told Hannity. Ellison accused Hannity of engaging in “yellow journalism” for a reel that was shown earlier in the program that played ominous music over clips of Obama.
The debate, littered with crosstalk, eventually focused on the host's party registration after Ellison said Hannity “shamelessly” represents the GOP.
“I'm not a Republican,” Hannity countered, saying he's a registered conservative. “Let me correct the record.”
“You are nothing but a Republican,” Ellison fired back.
When Hannity later began to ask Ellison about the morality of adding more to the national debt, the progressive member of congress issued a damning charge.
“You are immoral,” Ellison said.
“I'm immoral? What did I do that's immoral?” Hannity asked incredulously.
“You say things that aren't true,” Ellison said.
Ellison is no stranger to heated confrontations with political rivals. During an October debate on a local Minnesota radio station, they called their Republican challenger a “low-life scumbag.”
Watch the entire interview here. TPM's highlight reel of the interview below:
Groundhog Day Opens on Broadway April 17 with Andy Karl Back in the Spotlight
Karl sustained an injury in a recent preview performance, leading to understudy Andrew Call going on the following evening.
Groundhog Day, the new musical from Tim Minchin and Danny Rubin, will open April 17 at the August Wilson Theatre (245 West 52nd Street). Following an onstage injury during the April 14 preview, leading man Andy Karl will return to the role of Phil Connors for the Monday evening performance.
Karl, who recently won an Olivier Award for their performance in the London premiere of the show, injured their knee approximately two-thirds into the second act during the Friday evening performance. Following a hold, they finished the show using with a cane. The April 15 matinee was then canceled, and understudy Andrew Call went on that evening.
Read: GROUNDHOG DAY MATINEE CANCELED AFTER LEAD ACTOR ANDY KARL'S ONSTAGE INJURY
The Matthew Warchus-helmed production began performances March 16, though the majority of its first preview was presented in a concert format following technical difficulties.
Read: THE DETAILS BEHIND THAT FIRST PREVIEW OF GROUNDHOG DAY
Featuring a score by Tim Minchin, a book by Danny Rubin, and based on the 1993 film of the same name, Groundhog Day follows Phil Connors, a disgruntled weatherman stuck in small-town America who relives the same day over and over again. As they get to know associate TV producer Rita Hanson (played by Barrett Doss) for the first time repeatedly, they realize it's an opportunity for second, third, and fourth chances.
Read: DIGITAL LOTTERY AND GENERAL RUSH POLICIES ANNOUNCED FOR BROADWAY'S GROUNDHOG DAY MUSICAL
Rounding out the cast are Rebecca Faulkenberry, John Sanders, Andrew Call, Raymond J. Lee, Heather Ayers, Kevin Bernard, Gerard Canonico, Rheaume Crenshaw, Michael Fatica, Katy Geraghty, Camden Gonzales, Jordan Grubb, Taylor Iman Jones, Tari Kelly, Josh Lamon, Joseph Medeiros, Sean Montgomery, William Parry, Jenna Rubaii, Vishal Vaidya, Travis Waldschmidt, and Natalie Wisdom.
Andy Karl Relives the Same Day in the Latest Groundhog Day Photos Andy Karl Relives the Same Day in the Latest Groundhog Day Photos 11 PHOTOS
The production premiered last year at London's Old Vic. The musical's Broadway bow is produced by Whistle Pig, Columbia Live Stage, and the Dodgers.
The creative team includes choreographer Peter Darling, co-choreographer Ellen Kane, set and costume designer Rob Howell, orchestrator and musical supervisor Christopher Nightingale, lighting designer Hugh Vanstone, and sound designer Simon Baker. David Holcenberg is the music director.
LOVE THEATRE? CHECK OUT PLAYBILL STORE FOR MERCHANDISE!
Crown of the Gods is a new browser MMO strategy game that's past alpha and about to go into public beta testing. We are currently holding a Kickstarter to raise funds, primarily to pay for art, as our team currently doesn't have any artists. The art and UI currently seen at http://crownofthegods.com is placeholder art that needs to go away ASAP! We have a new theme and storyline and now we need great art.The game is set in a world that's used as a grand chessboard by eight squabbling deities, who encourage players to build nations, ally with each other, beg the gods for favors and fight wars. The world is populated with Ancient Roman-inspired mythological creatures, buildings and people, with 36 continents separated by small stretches of sea. Here's a detailed inventory of all the assets needed for the project . In summary (not counting minor variations): 2 large but simple city backgrounds, 60 building sprites 128x128, 18 troop sprites 128x128, 76 terrain/regional map features 128x128, 4 monster sprites 128x128, 16 monster sprites 64x64, 25 item sprites 16x16, 9 icons 15x15, 37 icons 20x20, 20 icons 15x15, 11 icons 5x5, and horizontal/vertical scrollbars and borders.In addition, we're looking for a couple of general cinematic pieces we can use for marketing, would like to redo our website and also start a weekly(?) webcomic where our squabbling pantheon of gods can really express themselves.Below is a general color palette and example of the sort of look we'd like to go for (except for the webcomic). Our Kickstarter's already met its funding goal so we're going to hire ASAP! We are considering hiring different artists for UI, website, cinematics, and possibly splitting up the sprites job into city interior and regional map items.If you're interested in applying, please email info@gamingaddictstudios.com . We're available to chat on voice if you have questions. We'd love to see samples of your work and get a quote on what you will charge.Crown of the Gods is an intricately balanced, competitive strategy game of the highest quality (not that we're biased!) but the appearance of the game is crucial to attracting new players. Building the look and feel of the game from scratch is a huge opportunity to create something wonderful. Join us and bring your artistic vision to our warring world!General color palette: light-filled, opulent but not overly gold. white, gold, red, clean blue, clean green predominant. Exemplars here
The Varnish Cache Firewall is a Web Application Firewall that can protect WordPress. It is an open source project by comotion to integrate the modsecurity web application firewall into Varnish and will help protect WordpPress against SQL injections, XSS attacks and other web attacks. This Varnish firewall tutorial is specifically for Debian but is easily adaptable to Ubuntu, CentOS, Fedora and other Linux systems. Ubuntu.
The Varnish firewall works with Varnish 4.1 only, if you are still on Varnish 3 you can use this guide. This how to assume you already have Varnish 4.1 configured with WordPress for which there is a tutorial here for nginx and Apache. You need to have shell terminal access to your server or VPS in order to compile the required Varnish 4.1 vmods which add the firewall functionality using clever vcl files.
For Varnish 4.1 and later
Attention: this should be tested thoroughly on a development environment
Install WordPress Varnish Cache 4.x Firewall
Install Varnish vmod building dependencies
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install libvarnishapi-dev libvarnishapi1 dpkg-dev pkg-config build-essential git autotools-dev automake libtool python-docutils -y
Build Varnish 4.1 and later VSF vmod which autobuilds the other required vmods.
cd ~ git clone https://github.com/comotion/VSF cd VSF/libvmod-vsf sh autogen.sh ./configure cd .. sudo make make install
The Varnish Security Firewall has placed the required vcl files into /usr/lib/varnish/vmods and the vcl rules are in /etc/varnish/security/rules in case you need to change anything like undoing false positives.
Open your Varnish vcl to add the VSF code.
sudo nano /etc/varnish/default.vcl
In your Varnish default.vcl you can add this before sub vcl_recv begins or after it ends.
Add the red line so it matches below. Alternatively, you can add the red line after your sub vcl_recv section if you are getting a lot of false positives.
} # sub vcl_recv ends include "/etc/varnish/security/vsf.vcl";
Test your Varnish firewall configuration will load
varnishd -C -f /etc/varnish/default.vcl
Monitor your Varnish 4.1 log for anything that is caught by the firewall and to check for false positives. You can disable the rules that are triggering false positives in the vcl files in the /etc/varnish/security/rules folder.
varnishlog -c -q VCL_Log
You can test a basic WordPress SQL injection attack like this and see that the Varnish Security Firewall prevents it
HTPC' OR 1=1 OR 'Guides
Here is a simple XSS WordPress attack, replace my homepage URL with your own.
https://www.htpcguides.com/<script>alert('HTPC Guides Varnish Firewall Example')</script>
You should find that both attacks result in this error message demonstrating the Varnish firewall is working to protect WordPress.
This concludes the Varnish cache firewall tutorial for WordPress and now you should be a safer from attacks.
This article is over 3 years old
Markets across Asia slide and $35bn is wiped from Australian stock market on what is expected to be a torrid day following the closure of Greek banks
Markets suffered across Asia on Monday as Greece shut down its banks for a week ahead of an increasingly likely debt default.
Oil prices declined and the euro edged down against the dollar, while Tokyo's Nikkei 225 index fell 2% to 20,283.98 points. The Shanghai Composite Index was off 0.4% at 4,178.56 despite China's surprise weekend interest rate cut.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng lost 1.7% to 29,192.67. Seoul's Kospi shed 1.6% to 2,057.52 and Sydney's S&P/ASX 200 was off 1.8% to 5,447.80. Market benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and New Zealand also fell sharply.
Turmoil in Asia had been widely expected after the failure of 11th-hour talks in Europe over the weekend raised the possibility of a Greek exit from the eurozone.
More than $35bn was wiped off the Australian stock market in the first hour of trading on Monday as investors braced for what could become a torrid week.
Earlier the euro dropped more than 3% to 133.80 yen, its lowest level for five weeks. The common currency fell as much as 1.9% to $1.0955, its lowest level in almost a month.
Greek debt crisis: the key points of Athens bank controls Read more
The US Treasury secretary, Jack Lew, stressed the need for Greece “to take necessary steps to maintain financial stability” ahead of the referendum.
They told the Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, on Sunday that Athens and its creditors needed to continue working toward a resolution ahead of a Greek referendum on 5 July on the creditors' demands for austerity.
US stock futures dived 1.8%, hitting a three-month low, while US Treasuries futures price gained almost two points.
A cash-strapped Greece looks certain to miss its debt repayment on Tuesday as Greece's European partners shut the door on extending a credit lifeline after Greece's surprise move to hold a referendum on bailout terms.
Fear of an imminent default by Greece hit Greek banks, a major buyer of Greek government bills, triggering bank runs at weekend and forcing Tsipras to announce a bank holiday on Monday and capital controls.
IHS Global Insight economist Rajiv Biswas said: “Even if a deal is somehow reached, the ability of Greece to implement agreed reforms is doubtful.”
They said Greek withdrawal from the euro could lower Asian economic growth by 0.3% in 2016 due to disruption in trade and financial markets.
In a brief televised address to the nation, Tsipras threw the blame onto the leaders of the eurozone. But they did not say how long the banks would remain shut, nor did they give details of how much individuals and companies would be allowed to withdraw once they reopened.
All over Athens people queued at cash machines, particularly outside National Bank branches because the National Bank supplies the banknotes, and lots of other Greek banks, by midnight on Sunday, had no more of those.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Alexis Tsipras addresses the nation.
Other European banks have limited exposure to Greece.
Any speculative selling in debts of such countries as Italy, Spain and Portugal, will likely be countered by the European Central Bank, which started buying eurozone sovereign debts from markets in March to shore up the economy.
Australian shares plunge as $35bn wiped off stock market over Greek crisis Read more
Yet the perception could change if investors grow more worried about the future of the currency union.
Yasunobu Katsuki, a senior analyst at Mizuho Securities, said: “Financial markets will say ‘it's all Greek to me'. Markets will reset their trend until last week and will start the week with risk aversion.”
Mitsuo Shimizu, deputy general manager at Japan Asia Securities Group in Tokyo, told Bloomberg News: “In the face of pressure from the eurozone to accept austerity measures, the Greeks answered that it's hard to live just on water.”
“Carrying out a referendum buys the Greek side some time. Digesting the worst possible scenario of a Greek default, global stock markets could fall 1 to 2% today.”
Reuters and Associated Press contributed to this report
Patrick goes solo to ponder a more uplifting Alternate History topic. On Dec 25th, 1914 after seven horrific months of fighting during the first World War German and British Soldiers played soccer and exchanged gifts during a brief truce. What if things went differently?
What if Jean Jaures had not been assassinated and could have stayed a voice of dissent in France?
What if the New York Times ran the story the day after the revolt? Instead over a week later?
What if leadership was slow to respond to protests at home and Op-Ed columns ran?
What if Wilson took advantage of the situation and have pressured matters from America?
What would happen to Alsace Lorraine?
Would things change on the Eastern Front?
Notes
Great Timeline and Story on subject
The Other Assassination that Started World War 1
The Seven Months War of 1914
Silent Night: The Story of the World War I Christmas Truce of 1914
Ala Qandil
U bram Europy
Bułgarskie władze polują na uchodźców usiłujących przedostać się przez terytorium tego kraju w głąb Unii Europejskiej. Działania te budzą oburzenie obrońców praw człowieka lecz wpisują się w unijną politykę graniczną, która doprowadziła do zeszłorocznego „kryzysu uchodźczego.” Tymczasem, mimo zimy, strumień uciekinierów z obszarów ogarniętych wojnami nie wysycha.
W chłodny grudniowy wieczór, na ponurej belgradzkiej stacji kolejowej, tłum podróżnych zbiera się pod drzwiami pociągu do Lublany. Tłoczno jest jednak tylko przy krańcowych wagonach jadących do Szidu, małego miasteczka przy granicy Serbii z Chorwacją. Na pasażerów, nerwowo przestępujących z nogi na nogę, przeciskających się w stronę wejścia z niewielkimi tobołkami, krzyczą policjanci, wydając bezsensowne, czasem sprzeczne polecenia. Konduktorzy uparli się, żeby sprawdzać bilety przed wejściem do pociągu, zamiast już w środku. Powstaje zamęt, atmosfera staje się napięta. Wielu spośród tych podróżnych od długich miesięcy przeprawia się przez kolejne kraje i kolejne granice. Po drodze trafiali na różne osoby – raz w granatowych, a raz w zielonych mundurach, innym razem w szarych, żółtych czy niebieskich kamizelkach zarezerwowanych dla organizacji pomocowych. Często te osoby, nie oferując zbyt wielu wyjaśnień, instruowały ich, wydawały rozkazy, dawały dobre i złe rady. Pasażerowie pewnie są tym już zmęczeni – wskazówki, nakazy, raz uprzejmie, raz wykrzykiwane w obcym dla nich języku, wszystko jedno, muszą być coraz bardziej irytujące.
Gdy serbscy policjanci pokrzykują na rosnący tłum, D, G i M, trzech Afgańczyków, którzy nie chcą byśmy używali ich prawdziwych imion, pyta czy odtąd będzie łatwiej. Nikt nie wie. Na trasie tej wielkiej wędrówki wszystko się zmienia, co tydzień, co dzień, co godzinę. Nikt już nie nadąża. D był piłkarzem, zaczął studiować. G, trochę starszy, grał profesjonalnie w krykieta. M milczy i tylko uśmiecha się z ulgą. Podróżują od blisko dwóch miesięcy. Liczą, że najgorsze już mają za sobą. Najgorsze, czyli Iran, Turcję i Bułgarię. „Turcy to mili ludzie. Gościnni, pomocni. Zupełnie co innego niż w Bułgarii”, mówi wiele osób, które przeprawiały się przez granicę turecko-bułgarską. G próbował ją pokonać sześć razy. Pięć razy złapała go bułgarska policja albo straż graniczna, trudno ustalić. Kilka razy go pobili, dwa razy ukradli mu telefon, z 32 osób, z którymi był na granicy w lesie, przynajmniej 10 aresztowali, reszcie udało się uciec. Zdecydowali się na lądową przeprawę przez Bułgarię zamiast przez morze do Grecji, bo nie umieją pływać i bali się wody, a przemytnicy podobno liczą sobie mniej za tę trasę. Gdy opowiada, do ich grupy dołącza kolejny chłopak, z podbitym okiem. D i G zachęcają go, żeby wyjawił co się z nim stało w Bułgarii. Nie chce. Mówi tylko, że też trafił na policję. Wiele osób twierdzi, że gdyby wiedziało, co czeka ich w Bułgarii, nie uciekaliby do Europy. Że gdyby wiedzieli, wybraliby życie pod rządami Państwa Islamskiego lub talibów.
Policja w Bułgarii bije i rabuje
O systematycznej przemocy wobec przeprawiających się przez Bułgarię uchodźców wciągu ostatnich dwóch lat pisały różne organizacje praw człowieka1. Z ich raportów wynika, że pobicia, kradzieże i nielegalne deportacje to typowe metody powstrzymywania migrantów przed przekraczaniem granicy stosowane przez bułgarskie służby. Autorzy zwracali również wielokrotnie uwagę na fatalne warunki w ośrodkach detencyjnych. Zdarzały się też przypadki postrzeleń, a nawet tortur. Dziennikarskie śledztwo przeprowadzone przez bułgarską telewizję publiczną w 2013 r. wykazało, że dowódcy jednostek straży granicznej nieoficjalnie nakazują swoim podwładnym stosowanie przemocy. Chociaż opowieści osób, które przebyły tę trasę w grudniu, wskazują na to, że sytuacja nie poprawiła się znacząco, do dzisiaj ten temat nie przebił się na dobre do międzynarodowych mediów. Na wschodniej granicy Bułgarii stacjonują funkcjonariusze Fronteksu, a David Cameron podczas swojej grudniowej wizyty w Bułgarii chwalił jej premiera za skuteczne metody powstrzymywania migracji2. Nie jest możliwe by tak szeroko rozpowszechnione nadużycia ze strony bułgarskich służb mundurowych umknęły uwadze unijnych urzędników. Ich milczące przyzwolenie wskazuje na to, że metody stosowane w Bułgarii wpisują się w przyjętą przez UE strategię ochrony granic, której dramatyczne konsekwencje widać już od lat na Morzu Śródziemnym czy w Ceucie i Melilli.
D, G i M, których spotkaliśmy na dworcu w Belgradzie, przyjechali tam z Dimitrowgradu – miasteczka malowniczo położonego na łagodnych zboczach u podnóży Bałkanów, po serbskiej stronie granicy z Bułgarią. Podobnie jak inni uchodźcy nie mieli jednak szansy zobaczyć brukowanych uliczek Dimitrowgradu czy świątecznej choinki na placu przed ratuszem. Wiedzeni przez przemytników lub GPS-y, zeszli z gór prosto w ręce lokalnych taksówkarzy, którzy za 100 euro od osoby przewieźli ich do obozu rejestracji uchodźców oddalonego o kilka kilometrów. Obóz to otoczony niskim płotkiem plac przed starym posterunkiem straży granicznej, na którym rozstawiono kilka baraków. Na miejscu wszyscy szepczą o mafii taksówkarsko-autobusowej, operującej pod okiem policji. Uchodźcy nie dowiadują się o tym, że mogą pojechać do Belgradu pociągiem, trzy razy tańszym niż autobus, na który bilet kosztuje 30 euro. A kolejne osoby obrabowane przez policję w Bułgarii, często docierają do Dimitrowgradu bez grosza przy duszy. W tym obozie przebywają ledwie kilka godzin – rejestrują się, wymieniają ubrania i buty zniszczone wieloma dniami brnięcia przez las i spania pod gołym niebem.
Jak przetrwać na pograniczu?
Przed płotem obozu, przy wejściu do autobusu zabierającego uchodźców do Belgradu, J, rudy brodacz, Afgańczyk, przymierza ciężkie zimowe buty rozdawane przez jedną z organizacji pomocowych. Połowa jego towarzyszy podróży ma już takie same na nogach. J także bierze nową parę, jego stare buty już do niczego się nie nadają. Uśmiecha się z ulgą, odpala papierosa i częstuje kolegę. Obydwaj mówią, że to już ich ostatnie papierosy w życiu, w Europie rzucają. Nie dopalają ich do końca, bo sprzedawca biletów w autobusie zaczyna na nich machać, żeby się pakowali do środka – trwa właśnie jedno z wielu liczeń pasażerów. Pośpiesznie wbiegają do autobusu, który jednak nigdzie nie jedzie. Ruszy dopiero, gdy się wypełni, czyli za kilka godzin.
W ostatniej chwili do autobusu dociera nowa grupa Afgańczyków. Jeden z nich, N, od wolontariuszy stojących przed wejściem dostaje czapkę. Przyda się. W zimne noce, spędzane na oczekiwaniu na kolejny transport, cenny jest każdy element garderoby. Naciąga zatem czapkę nisko na czoło i zaczyna opowiadać. Ma 16 lat, jest z Afganistanu. W podróż wyruszył sam. Jak inni chłopcy i mężczyźni, wziął na siebie ryzyko i trudy tej trasy, żeby potem bezpiecznie ściągnąć resztę rodziny. Z Afganistanu do Iranu, z Iranu do Turcji. Z Turcji do Bułgarii. Z Bułgarii policja zawróciła go dwa razy do Turcji. Udało się dopiero za trzecim. „Bułgarscy policjanci złapali nas, wrzucili do samochodu, pobili i wywieźli do Turcji. Spytali skąd jesteśmy, powiedziałem, że z Afganistanu. Zaczęli nas okładać jeszcze mocniej”, mówi. Wrócili do przygranicznego miasta, Edirne. N spędził tam z grupą jedną noc i na drugi dzień ruszyli z powrotem, pieszo przez góry na turecko-bułgarskiej granicy. Szli z przemytnikiem. O przemytnikach ludzie mówią różne rzeczy – część z nich to mafia, inni po prostu reagują na potrzeby stworzone przez unijną politykę zamykania granic. Na tej granicy dominują Afgańczycy, ale w przeprowadzanie ludzi zaangażowanych jest też przynajmniej kilka osób z przygranicznych tureckich miejscowości.
Ludzie dzielą się obiadem
Mieszkańcy wiosek położonych przy samym płocie lub niewidzialnej linii rozdzielającej Turcję i Bułgarię często karmią, opatrują, odziewają, a jak trzeba, to nawet przyjmują do siebie, poturbowanych Syryjczyków, Afgańczyków czy Irakijczyków, wypchniętych przez bułgarską policję. Szukrupasza to jedna z takich wsi, zamieszkana głównie przez Pomaków, muzułmańskich Słowian. Gdy przyjeżdżamy, wieś zalewa popołudniowe słońce. We wsi nie ma ani jednej młodej osoby. Same ogorzałe, pomarszczone twarze – kobiet, które rozsiadły się rozpościerając swoje kwieciste spódnice na zimowej trawie nieopodal meczetu, czy mężczyzn popijających słodką herbatę w wiejskiej kawiarni. Jej właściciel nie chce, żebyśmy go nagrywali i przestrzega innych. Małe grupy poturbowanych, obdartych, czasem rannych osób przychodzą od strony granicy, mijają po drodze meczet i dochodzą do małego skwerku w środku wsi. Jednak mało kto chce o tym opowiadać. Mieszkańcy Szukrupaszy rzucają tylko zdawkowe odpowiedzi. Zwodzą nas, gdy dopytujemy o szczegóły. Jakby się dogadali. Może ktoś ich ostrzegł i boją się zarzutów o udział w przemycaniu ludzi? A może straż graniczna nie chce by było wiadomo co dzieje się na granicy. Muhtar, czyli sołtys, także nie jest zbyt wylewny. Gdy pytamy, kiedy ostatnio byli u nich uchodźcy, mówią: wczoraj, tydzień temu, raz w tygodniu bywają, od miesiąca ich nie widzieliśmy. Czy wchodzą do wsi? Wchodzą, idą główną drogą, aż ktoś po nich przyjedzie, biwakują obok wsi, spod granicy od razu zabiera ich straż graniczna, widujemy ich tylko z daleka. Czym ich karmicie? „Kobiety im gotują”, mówią mężczyźni. Ja im nic nie gotowałam – odpowiada jedna z kobiet siedzących na trawie. A Wy? – wszystkie jej koleżanki milczą. To co oni jedzą? „Ludzie dzielą się obiadem, dają im chleb, jogurt. Jeśli są dzieci, to mamy problem, bo u nas nie ma dzieci, nie ma niemowlaków i nie wiemy czym te najmniejsze karmić. A kiedyś przyszła do nas kobieta z trzydniowym noworodkiem.” A czy nocują tu czasem? „Nie, nigdy.” Gdy już odjeżdżamy, starszy mężczyzna w przydużym granitowym garniturze, mówi, że kiedyś zatrzymała się na kilka dni u nich w domu młoda kobieta, z dzieckiem, ranna. Z 20-osobowej grupy, z którą podróżował spotkany w Dimtrowgradzie N – nikt poza nim jeszcze nie dotarł do Serbii. Czekają ich kolejne próby przekroczenia granicy z Bułgarią. Możliwe, że zawitają jeszcze do Szukrupaszy.
Ala Qandil – Korespondentka Le Monde diplomatique – edycja polska
na Bałkanach. Tekst powstał dzięki wsparciu Funduszu Mediów.
[1] Patrz: raport Human Rights Watch z kwietnia 2014 r. oraz raport Belgrade Human Rights Centerz listopada 2015 roku
[2] http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/dec/04/david-cameron-warned-avoid-condoning-abuse-refugees-bulgarian-border.
In India you will often see signs asserting Ownership and Possession on buildings and lots that are unoccupied or under construction. The reason is not to stop squatters but rather to avoid the double selling problem. In the United States, it's fairly easy to find out who owns a piece of land or even an expensive asset like a car. The land registry and titling system in India, however, is expensive and not always easy to check. As Gulzar Natarajan writes:
For something so valuable, land records in most developing countries are archaic. No register, which reliably confirms title, exists anywhere in India. Small experiments in some states to build such register have not been successful. Existing registers suffer from problems arising from lack of updation, fragmentation of lands, informal family partitions, unregistered power of attorney transactions, and numerous boundary and ownership disputes. The magnitude of these problems gets amplified manifold in urban areas.
It's possible, for example, for a family member to sell family land without anyone else knowing about it. In Muslim customary law, gifts made on the deathbed can override a will which (surprise!) tends to benefit late-stage caregivers. Verbal deals in general are not uncommon.
Indeed, without proper land registration it's possible for an entirely unconnected person to sell land that they don't own. Even if the real owners have some type of title, the ensuing court process between the real owners and those who thought or claimed they were the real owners will be time and wealth consuming. Forged documents are common. A large majority of all legal cases in India's clogged court system are property disputes. The best thing is to occupy the land but if you can't do that you want to signpost the land to make it as clear as possible who owns it so if someone is offered the land for sale they know who to call to verify.
Signposting is an old device for avoiding the double spending/selling problem by making ownership claims public and verifiable. The blockchain ledger is a modern version. A land registry system on the blockchain could work and systems are being tested in Sweden, Georgia and Cook County. Implementing such systems, however, first requires that land be mapped and parceled–and in many states in India the last land surveys were done by the British before independence. Surveys are becoming easier with drones and automatic surveying but India's land surveying, registering and titling system still has a long way to go.
THE centre-left Social Democratic Party (PSD) entered Romania's parliamentary election on December 11th with what, in most countries, would be considered a handicap. Its leader, Liviu Dragnea, was convicted in 2015 of attempting electoral fraud three years earlier. But many see Mr Dragnea's conviction as politically motivated, and in Romania many parties are tainted by corruption. The PSD came first by a wide margin, winning 46% of the vote, well ahead of the centre-right National Liberal Party (PNL), which took just 20%.
The PSD's victory has led to worries that Romania's anti-corruption drive, a model for the region, may slow down. The country's independent National Anticorruption Directorate (DNA) prosecutes more than 1,000 people a year, and convicts most of them. Mr Dragnea is not the only PSD leader to fall foul of the DNA: a year ago Victor Ponta, then the prime minister, was forced to resign amid mass demonstrations. The DNA had charged them with forgery and conflicts of interest, and anger peaked after a blaze killed 64 people at a nightclub in Bucharest where inadequate fire-safety measures were blamed on graft.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Romania's president, Klaus Iohannis, has vowed not to appoint anyone convicted of corruption as prime minister. That could rule out Mr Dragnea, but several other PSD figures have been mooted. Any of them would probably form a coalition with the Liberal Democratic Alliance (ALDE), a small party that has attacked the anti-corruption agency and called for the resignation of its straight-arrow director, Laura Codruta Kovesi. And some see the victory of the PSD, which promised to raise the minimum wage and increase pension payments, as a sign that anger at cronyism is giving way to economic concerns. “It's a real test” of Romania's legislation, institutions and political parties, said Laura Stefan, an analyst at the Expert Forum, a think-tank in Bucharest.
Anti-corruption efforts have earned Romania praise from the European Commission, which reviews the country's governance each year as a condition of its accession to the European Union in 2007. On the corruption-perceptions index compiled by Transparency International, a watchdog, Romania improved its rank from 69th in the world in 2014 to 58th in 2015. Several other countries in the region have been getting dirtier. According to the World Bank, Hungary has grown more corrupt under its prime minister, Viktor Orban, who has used cronyism to entrench their Fidesz party. Bosnia, Moldova and Serbia have stagnated or worsened. And there are worries about Poland, where the Law and Justice government embraces Mr Orban's populist model.
In Bulgaria, which joined the EU at the same time as Romania, the percentage of people who paid bribes doubled in the past five years, according to the Centre for the Study of Democracy, a think-tank in Sofia. After limited changes to the country's judiciary were passed by parliament in 2015, the justice minister, Hristo Ivanov, resigned in protest over their inadequacy. Judges marched in the streets in solidarity, some dressed in their court robes.
The European Commission's most recent review of Bulgaria urges the country to establish an independent anti-corruption body like Romania's. The president-elect, Rumen Radev, hinted during their campaign this summer that they might support such a move. That is unlikely to happen. The lesson many politicians have taken from Romania is that the more independent the prosecutor, the greater the likelihood they will land in jail.
A public high school has been accused of radical Islamic indoctrination by forcing children to profess the Muslim statement of faith (the same statement used to convert people to Islam), ordering them to memorize the Five Pillars of Islam and teaching that the faith of a Muslim is stronger than the average Christian, according to a federal lawsuit just filed.
WND (h/t Linda R) A Maryland high school punished a student for refusing to profess faith in Islam, gave their failing grades for a series of assignments that violated their Christian beliefs then threatened their father with arrest for complaining, a federal lawsuit charges. A Maryland high school punished a student for refusing to profess faith in Islam, gave their failing grades for a series of assignments that violated their Christian beliefs then threatened their father with arrest for complaining, a federal lawsuit charges.
Plaintiffs are Marine Corps veteran John Kevin Wood and their wife, Melissa (below), who “refused to allow their teenage daughter to be subjected to Islamic indoctrination and propaganda in their high school world history class.”
The lawsuit charges that the defendants' “curriculum, practices, policies, actions, procedures, and customs promote the Islamic faith by requiring students to profess the five pillars if Islam.”
The students, the complaint says, were required to “write out and confess the shahada, the Islamic profession of faith.”
The lawsuit charges that school officials concealed the curriculum by using two separate history textbooks, one of which contained the Islamic teachings and which students were required to leave at school. The other, which did not contain the teachings, was allowed to be taken home, the complaint explains. The school also excised the Islamic teachings from the course syllabus.
“Defendants have treated plaintiffs' Christian beliefs and heritage with deliberate indifference, and have been hostile toward C.W. [the student] and their family,” the complaint alleges.
It explains that Arnold and Morris violated the First and Fourteenth Amendments as well as state and federal law by “depriving plaintiffs and C.W. of their fundamental right to be free from a public school's promotion of certain religious beliefs, their fundamental right to be able to speak freely and raise concerns about religion being taught in our public schools without retaliation, and their fundamental right to be free from unjust discrimination against their Christian heritage.”
The legal team notes the shahada states, “There is no god but Allah, and Muhammad is the messenger of Allah.”
“For non-Muslims, reciting the statement is sufficient to convert one to Islam,” the complaint says. “Moreover, the second part of the statement, ‘Muhammad is the messenger of Allah,' signifies the person has accepted Muhammad as their spiritual leader. The teenager was also required to memorize and recite the Five Pillars of Islam.”
Not only did the district refuse permission for C.W. to opt out of the religious assignments, it imposed grades of zero. Further, the complaint says, the district disparaged Christianity in multiple ways, including the statement, “Most Muslims' faith is stronger than the average Christian.” The district taught that the West engages in “imperialistic pursuits” and insists “men are the managers of women.”
It also taught: “To Muslims, Allah is the same god that is worshipped in Christianity and Judaism.” The district's teachings specified that the Quran “is the word of Allah,” while Jews and Christians “believe the Torah and the Gospels were revealed to Moses and the New Testament writers.”
“The sugarcoated version of Islam taught at La Plata High School did not mention that the Quran explicitly instructs Muslims ‘to kill the unbelievers wherever you find them.' (Sura 9-5),” the complaint says.
John Kevin Wood discovered the teachings and called to voice their objections, the lawsuit says, but the school imposed a “no trespass” order against him, threatening them with arrest if they came onto school property. The school refused to give them any opportunity “to refute the untrue allegations” made by Arnold.
“The Woods, as Christians, believe that Jesus Christ is the son of God and our Savior, that Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins, and that following the teachings of Jesus Christ is the only path to eternal salvation. The Woods believe that it is a sin to profess commitment in word or writing to any god other than the Christian God. Thus, they object to their daughter being forced to deny the Christian God and to their high school promoting Islam over other religions,” the lawsuit explains.
“The school ultimately refused to allow the Woods' daughter to opt-out of the assignments, forcing them to either violate their faith by pledging to Allah or receive zeros for the assignments. Together, John Kevin Wood, Melissa Wood, and their daughter chose to remain faithful to God and refused to complete the assignments, even though failing grades would harm their future admission to college and their opportunities to obtain college scholarships.”
Wood was deployed in Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm “and lost friends to Islamic extremists,” the complaint notes. Later, they “responded as a firefighter to the 9/11 Islamic terror attack on the Pentagon.”
“Wood witnessed firsthand the destruction created in the name of Allah and knows that Islam is not ‘a religion of peace.' The school prevented John Kevin Wood from defending their daughter's Christian beliefs against Islamic indoctrination, even though as a Marine, they stood in harm's way to defend our nation, and the Charles County Public Schools,” the lawsuit says.
Defendants forced [the] Woods daughter to disparage their Christian faith by reciting the shahada, and acknowledging Mohammed as their spiritual leader. Them world history class spent one day on Christianity and two weeks immersed in Islam. Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another,” said Thomas More Law Center President Richard Thompson.
The lawsuit concludes: “Defendants deliberately [chose] this curriculum, instructional materials, and texts, and punished Christian students who disagree with espousing religious statements and reproducing religious doctrine that promotes Islam. The actions, policies, procedures, customs, and curriculum of defendants unconstitutionally endorse the Islamic religion.”
As a result, it says, the Christian family suffered “irreparable harm, including the loss of their fundamental constitutional rights, entitling them to declaratory and injunctive relief.”
Will Djokovic come roaring back? (Picture: Corbis/Getty)
Carlos Moya has warned Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer against underestimating Novak Djokovic upon their return and insists it would be a ‘serious' mistake.
Meet Dave Miley: The Irishman hoping to end David Haggerty's controversial ITF reign
The Spaniard – who coaches their compatriot Nadal – believes Djokovic is in the same league as both Federer and Rafa and they are all tennis legends.
Many had written off Nadal and Federer when they took lengthy spells away from the sport in the backend of 2016 only for them to return to their best and share all four Grand Slams this year between them.
Moya admitted their surprise that the same naysayers are doubting the credentials of Djokovic after they ended their 2017 in July, with the Serb targeting a return to action in Australia at the start of 2018.
Moya is working alongside Nadal (Picture: AFP/Getty)
Nadal and Federer have dominated 2017 (Picture: AFP/Getty)
And they insist that Djokovic must be feared next season.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘They thought that these two active legends of the sport would be done, but who is in the tennis world, players or coaches, never called off Rafa, Roger or Nole,' they told El Pais.
‘Now they say that Djokovic, because of their season, won't return strong. It would be a big mistake to say it.
‘That's a serious error, a serious error.
‘I believe that no one who is in the world of tennis, and I do not talk about journalists or fans, but about the people who have spent all their lives in this and played, can think something like that.'
MORE: Rafael Nadal continues quest for first China Open title since 2005 with battling Karen Khachanov win
Taken at face value, David Cameron's warning this week about risks in the global economy sounds like it might be wonderfully prescient. Here's the country's economic chauffeur, carefully checking their instrument gauges, and sure enough, sees the same signs today that should have given us warning of the crisis of 2007-08. Time to apply the brakes.
There's only one problem: the economic dashboard that Cameron relies upon did not warn of the crisis before it happened. Instead, that dashboard advised Cameron and other leaders around the world that everything was looking rosy, and that going full throttle was entirely safe.
The OECD's Economic Outlook, published in May 2007, stated that its “central forecast remains indeed quite benign” as it predicted “a strong and sustained recovery in Europe”. Some dashboard that turned out to be.
Motor skills
Politicians are fond of car analogies when talking about the economy, because they've actually driven cars, and they know how they work. Press the accelerator, you go faster; hit the brake, you slow down; the tachometer tells you whether the engine is flat out or idle; the fuel gauge tells you whether you need to call into a petrol station. Car controls work because they are designed by engineers who actually built the car in question, and the dashboard tells you all you need to know, with no serious omissions and no distracting false signals.
But the economic dashboard that Cameron relies upon today was horribly wrong in 2007: the signals it focused upon – mainly the rate of unemployment (low and falling), the rate of inflation (low), the government deficit (heading towards a surplus), and the rate of interest (low but rising to cool the economy down) – gave absolutely no warning of the biggest economic crisis in a century.
This mainstream dashboard gave no warning of the crisis because it was built by economists whose theories have more in common with Alice in Wonderland than with engineering. And one Mad Hatter assumption their dashboard makes is that the level of private debt can be ignored.
Debt wish
If that sounds crazy to you, that's because it is. Some influential economists argue that private debt has “no significant macroeconomic effects”, to quote Ben Bernanke. Only mavericks who follow the then-ignored but now famous American economist Hyman Minsky disagree, and regard the level and growth of private debt as vital economic indicators.
I am one of those mavericks, and the signs I saw back in 2005 led me to be one of the handful of economists who did warn of the crisis before it happened.
Since then, the American philanthropist Richard Vague – who made their fortune in banking – has examined all major economic crises since 1850, and concluded that the two key signs of an imminent crisis are private debt exceeding 1.5 times GDP and that ratio rising by 17 percentage points or more over five years. Both those signals were clearly “flashing red” in 2007.
Signals, noise
Private debt in Britain rose from 135% of GDP in 2000 to 180% when the crisis began in August 2007 – a 45% rise in less than eight years. In the US, it rose from 125% to 160% – a 35% rise. Both these levels and the rates of change were unsustainable: the growth in private debt had to stop, and when it did, I expected that the biggest economic crisis since the Great Depression would follow – which is what actually happened.
So what are those reliable but neglected indicators telling us today? In the US, private debt fell from 1.7 times GDP in 2010 to 1.45 times in 2014. It's been rising since 2012 and was now growing at 5% of GDP per year in mid-2014, which is spurring economic growth – but the headroom for continued credit-driven growth is limited because the aggregate level is still so high. We are nudging back closer to Vague's danger zone.
Federal Reserve Flow of Funds
In the UK, private debt peaked at more than twice GDP in 2010. It has fallen to 170% today, but between 2012 and 2014 it rose – stimulating economic growth. Now it is falling again – by as much as 5% of GDP a year. That implies that a credit contraction – however welcome it might be in stopping at least one warning light flashing – is likely to reduce British economic growth in the near future.
Author provided
So Cameron is right to worry, but he's worrying about the wrong thing: panicking about a rising level of government debt, when at 91% of GDP, it's 80 percentage points below the level of private debt. If Cameron thinks reducing government spending when private credit is contracting is good economic policy, then he's ignoring the biggest car crash in economic history – the European Union, where government austerity turned the crisis into a second Great Depression.
The key indicator I use to anticipate where the economy is headed is the acceleration of private debt. Just as the rate of change of private debt indicates what's going to happen to the level of economic activity, the acceleration of debt indicates whether activity is likely to rise or fall. That indicator, which was trending up from mid-2010 until mid-2012, has been headed down ever since. Debt acceleration was strongly negative as of mid-2014, running at minus 10% of GDP.
That, combined with Richard Vague's indicator that crises occur when private debt exceeds 150% of GDP (tick at 170% in mid-2014) and has grown by 20 percentage points or more over five years (in fact it's shrunk by 30 percentage points since 2010), points to stagnation rather than crisis being the likely outcome for the UK economy.
In this scenario, an attempt to pare government spending back could make the stagnation worse – just as it has done across the Channel.
Author provided
All in all, I would recommend Cameron gets their economic dashboard fixed, or they risk steering the UK in the direction of Europe.
Hard Evidence is a series of articles in which academics use research evidence to tackle the trickiest public policy questions.
LOS ANGELES - The Los Angeles Fire Department (LAFD) responded to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) at 1:28 PM for a reported ill patient aboard an inbound flight.
The patient exhibited symptoms that could possibly require transport to a local hospital and having been questioned by aircraft personnel the patient stated they recently had been to Africa. Per protocol established by the LAFD, CDC, LA County Public Health, the aircraft was quickly diverted to a separate terminal to eliminate possible exposure to others, and to eliminate unnecessary fears of people at LAX. Further assessment was needed to determine if the patient had been exposed to the Ebola Virus Disease (Ebola), therefore a Unified Command was established between LAFD, LAWA, LAWA Airport Police, LA County Public Health, CDC, and the FBI.
LAFD followed established procedures and placed firefighters in Hazardous Material Suits and set up a decontamination area in the event it was needed. LAFD Incident Commanders made contact with the patient via an intercom and were able to determine that the patient had been to South Africa not West Africa, and was exhibiting symptoms of motion sickness of which the patient frequently experiences when flying. Through a series of questions the LAFD and Public Health Officials determined that the patient was not at risk for Ebola. Therefore, there was no risk of Ebola infection to any of the passengers or crew on the flight. The patient declined transport to the hospital and was encouraged to follow up with their personal physician.
E51 RA51 EM9 E95 T95 E295 BC4 SQ95 RA867 E94 T94 E294 RA894 DC1 BC13 RA94
For more information about Ebola, call 2-1-1 for the LA County Information Line, or visit the Public Health website at http://publichealth.lacounty.gov/
CHRISTIAN Wade has declared themselves 'fully fit' and raring to go ahead of pre-season training at Wasps.
The 23-year-old missed the second half of the season with an ankle injury and has been a frustrated spectator during England's tour to New Zealand.
But they are back at full throttle now and champing at the bit to put on a Wasps jersey again.
They said: "I am fully fit now, so when pre-season starts I will be there with everyone and will be 100 per cent involved.
"It was a long six months, missing out on the Six Nations and crucial games for Wasps as well, and now we have had some time off it will be close to eight months since I last played, so it will be amazing to be back and I just can't wait for the season to start.
“We now have the European Rugby Champions Cup to look forward to alongside the Aviva Premiership and a host of really exciting new boys joining the squad so it has the potential to be a thrilling season for supporters and season ticket holders alike.”
Wade has ground to make up.
They made their England debut last summer but then was whisked across the world to join up with the British and Irish Lions.
A hamstring injury then cost them a start against the All Blacks during the autumn internationals and they then missed the Six Nations and this summer's tour with their ankle injury.
With the World Cup not far away, Wade is eager to nail down their place in Stuart Lancaster's side.
They said: "I have definitely got the World Cup in my mind as a goal, but it is one of those goals where, first and foremost, I have got to get my place cemented in the Wasps side.
"I haven't played for six months, so I need to earn my place back and put in some good performances here for my club. Hopefully, I can start the season well and then I will see where I go from there.
"There are Autumn Internationals and Six Nations to challenge for too, so there is plenty of rugby to be played before the World Cup comes around and I am taking it step by step."
Bernie Sanders is often criticized for "pie-in-the-sky" proposals and impractical ideals, but their campaign argues the Vermont senator actually gets things done.
"Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member," according to a TV ad paid for by the Sanders campaign.
A version of this ad appears on Sanders' YouTube channel, and Sanders has made this claim on Twitter and Facebook as well so we wondered if it was true.
The Sanders campaign didn't get back to us, but we found that this carefully worded statement is accurate for their earlier years in Congress.
The ‘amendment king'
Sanders served in the House of Representatives from 1991 to 2006 and has been in the Senate since then. Republicans were in control of the House from 1995 to 2007 and of the Senate from 2015 to present.
In 2005, Rolling Stone named Sanders the "amendment king" of the House. At the time, the title held true with a specific qualification: amendments agreed to by record votes. (Amendments can also be passed with voice votes, in which the volume of yeas and nays dictates passage, or by unanimous consent, in which no one raises an objection.)
Out of 419 amendments Sanders sponsored over their 25 years in Congress, 90 passed, 21 of them by roll call votes. Here's a breakdown (bold indicates Republican Congresses):
Total amendments passed Passed by roll call vote 2015 to present 4 1 2007 to 2015 37 3 1995 to 2007 49 17 1991 to 1995 0 0 Total 90 21
From 1995 to 2007, Sanders passed 17 amendments by a recorded roll call vote — more than any other member in the House.
Ohio Democrat James Traficant came in second with 16 roll call amendments, but they served five fewer years than Sanders after being indicted on several corruption charges in 2002 and then expelled from Congress. If we look at all amendments, not just those passed by roll call votes, Traficant passed 72 more than Sanders.
New Jersey Republican Chris Smith, who served in the same time period as Sanders, finished third with 14 roll call amendments (and 32 overall amendments).
Craig Volden, an expert on the legislative process at the University of Virginia, told PolitiFact that records like these are rather unusual in the House.
"There are so few members with large numbers of substantive and successful amendments," they said. "Sanders and Traficant were exceptions to that rule."
In comparison, Hillary Clinton passed zero roll call amendments during their tenure as a senator from New York from 2001-09.
Overall effectiveness
In the current Congress, Sanders ranks fourth when it comes to the number of career roll call amendments passed, according GovTrack founder, Josh Tauberer. The three lawmakers who top them are Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., with 27 in 15 years in Congress; Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., with 24 in 33 years; and Rep Steve King, R-Iowa, with 22 in 13 years.
Roll call amendments aside, Sanders isn't shattering any legislative records, though he's not doing poorly either. Tauberer's research places Sanders at No. 14 in Congress with 90 amendments. The other senator from Vermont, Democrat Patrick Leahy, on the other hand, has passed 226.
Of course, amendments are just one of the ways lawmakers press their agendas. Sanders has had much less luck with passing bills.
During their 25 years in Congress, Sanders introduced 324 bills, three of which became law. This includes a bill in a Republican Congress naming a post office in Vermont and two more while Democrats had control (one naming another Vermont post office and another increasing veterans' disability compensation). Clinton, for the record, also passed three bills in eight years.
But the sparse number of bills isn't surprising. Volden and Vanderbilt University's Alan Wiseman assess the legislative effectiveness of House members by comparing their records to a benchmark. According to this analysis, Sanders has either met or exceeded expectations during their tenure in the House (bold indicates Republican Congresses):
Congress Grade Benchmark score Effectiveness score 1991-1992 Meets expectations 0.422 0.335 1993-1994 Meets expectations 0.411 0.219 1995-1996 Exceeds expectations 0.199 0.463 1997-1998 Exceeds expectations 0.258 0.347 1999-2000 Meets expectations 0.397 0.231 2001-2002 Meets expectations 0.439 0.343 2003-2004 Meets expectations 0.493 0.266 2005-2006 Meets expectations 0.514 0.379
Lawmakers who belong to the party in control are five times more likely to have their bills go anywhere than minority party members, according to Volden. So Sanders' legislative approach may seem like fixating on small potatoes, but for an independent who caucuses with the minority party, it's a smart strategy.
"He could have either resigned themselves to that fate, changed the nature of their legislation and coalition-building strategy, or offered amendments on the floor," Volden said. "He chose the third of these paths, making them more influential in shaping policy than if they had taken the first path. Why they did not take the second path is an open question — likely linked to their ideological views."
Our ruling
A campaign ad for Sander said, "Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member."
That's a very specific way of slicing and dicing Sanders' effectiveness as a lawmaker, but it's accurate. From 1995 to 2007, when Republicans controlled Congress, Sanders passed the most roll call amendments (17) out of anyone in the House of Representatives.
We rate their claim True.
With the recent passing of Bill Mollison, much has been published on the interweb about Permaculture; While Glenda was here for nine days, I didn't spend much time at this laptop, preferring to help them set their own stamp on the Fanny Farm and using their very able gardening skills to get stuck into some planting…. and fixing the goose tractor in readiness for the acquisition of more birds, but there will be time for that some place else on this site.
Having published Samuel Alexander's epitaph for Bill Mollison by merely copying and pasting the Conversation article, I didn't bother following the links therein; luckily, Greg Bell did, and posted a couple in a comment they left here, many thanks Greg…. as they say in their comment, “Those two “here” links to critiques of permaculture are the two most important things I've read all year (and they, in turn, link to even more)……
The first link is to Resilience.org and bears the same title as this entry. Fascinating reading indeed, as are the comments below it.
Image: Tetra Images/Alamy Stock Photo
Human germline genome editing with CRISPR–Cas9 was used with high efficiency, accuracy and safety to correct a heterozygous, autosomal dominant mutation in MYBPC3 associated with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, according to a new study in Nature.
CRISPR–Cas9 is a versatile tool for recognizing a specific genomic sequence and inducing a double-strand break (DSB) in the DNA. These DSBs are then fixed by endogenous DNA-repair mechanisms: either non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) or homology-directed repair (HDR). In NHEJ, the DSB is repaired by randomly adding or deleting nucleotides, which introduces insertion or deletion mutations ('indels'), making this pathway unsuitable for genome-correction approaches. HDR uses either the nonmutant homologous chromosome or a supplied exogenous DNA molecule as a template to repair the DSB, leading to correction of the mutant allele.
Mitalipov and colleagues sought to demonstrate that heterozygous gene mutations can be corrected in human gametes or early embryos. The investigators used human zygotes produced using sperm from a donor with a heterozygous 4 bp deletion in exon 16 of MYBPC3, and oocytes obtained from healthy donors to provide the wild-type allele.
The researchers introduced a mixture of Cas9 protein, single-guide RNA (to target the specific MYBPC3 deletion), and single-strand oligodeoxynucleotide (encoding the wild-type template) into the zygotes 18 h after fertilization. Injected zygotes and intact controls were cultured for 3 days before each embryonic blastomere was isolated and individually analysed. The overall targeting efficiency in human embryos was high. Of particular interest, the majority of blastomeres resolved the DSB by HDR using the wild-type allele as a template, rather than the exogenous single-strand oligodeoxynucleotide. “Human embryos employ different DNA repair mechanisms than do somatic or pluripotent cells, probably reflecting evolutionary requirements for stringent control over genome fidelity in the germline,” suggest the investigators. “Figuring out how that works will be the most interesting next step for this research,” comments Eric Olson (UT Southwestern Medical Center, USA), who was not involved in the study.
A major concern with the use of CRISPR–Cas9 to edit the genome of human embryos is the risk of mosaicism, whereby a developing embryo has a mixture of both edited and unedited cells, which would be unacceptable for clinical applications. The investigators demonstrated that co-injection of CRISPR–Cas9 and sperm into the human oocyte during metaphase II of the cell cycle was more efficient than injection into zygotes and, importantly, eliminated the occurrence of mosaicism.
Another risk of CRISPR–Cas9 is the introduction of off-target mutations in the genome. However, comprehensive whole-genome and whole-exome sequencing did not detect off-target effects. Importantly, CRISPR–Cas9-treated human embryos developed normally into blastocysts and embryonic stem cells, with no cytogenetic abnormalities.
“There is now no question that human germline genome editing can be performed”
Human genome editing raises many ethical and safety concerns. “There is now no question that human germline genome editing can be performed,” says Kiran Musunuru (University of Pennsylvania, USA), who was not involved in the study. “Further improvements can and will be made to the genome-editing technique, so we now need to start having those serious conversations about which circumstances, if any, would permit the clinical use of germline genome editing.” Eric Olson is also cautious: “aside from the many ethical issues, this method is impractical for human application any time soon or ever”.
To guide future research, the American Society of Human Genetics has published a Position Statement in which they conclude “at this time ... it is inappropriate to perform germline gene editing that culminates in human pregnancy”, but “there is no reason to prohibit in vitro germline genome editing on human embryos and gametes ... to facilitate research on the possible future clinical applications of gene editing”.
This article is modified from the original in Nat. Rev. Cardiol. (http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nrcardio.2017.128)
References 1. Ma, H. et al. Correction of a pathogenic gene mutation in human embryos . Nature http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature23305 (2017) 2. Ormond, K. E. et al. Human germline genome editing . Am. J. Hum. Genet. 101, 167–176 (2017) Download references
Author information Affiliations Chief Editor, Nature Reviews Cardiology Gregory B. Lim Authors Search for Gregory B. Lim in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
Theoretical physicists who have found a way to slow photon momentum now have to put their theory into practice.
Thin, transparent, solar cells are an emerging technology with the enormous potential to create windows, vehicles, electronic devices and more with integrated power generation capacity, as well as solar panels which are lighter and less fragile than current c-Si technology. A team of researchers from MIT's Energy Initiative has developed such a solar cell using low-cost organic materials and electrodes made from graphene.
The team's key achievement in developing the cell was the method of depositing a graphene electrode layer just one-atom thick on top of the solar cell, without damaging the sensitive organic materials beneath.
Finding suitable electrode materials to carry current out of a cell without reducing transparency has been a major barrier to research in this area. Graphene is one such material – conductive, transparent and flexible, and has been used as the bottom electrode in previous transparent solar cells, however problems depositing a top layer of graphene without damaging the layers beneath, and with having 2 electrodes of the same material and properties, needed to be overcome.
The MIT researchers developed a graphene-polymer stack, and pressed a 0.5mm thick frame of silicon rubber onto it, creating a kind of stamp. They were then able to lift the polymer structure out and peel off the silicon rubber, leaving the graphene layer deposited on the cell.
Tests showed that further work was still needed to get the graphene layer to adhere tightly, limiting the current that could flow out of the cell. The researchers came up with a novel solution, adding a layer of ethyl-vinyl acetate (EVA) on top of the graphene with the expectation that it would adhere without creating a new layer between that graphene and the hole transport layer (HTL) below.
“We thought, what happens if we spray this very soft, sticky polymer on top of the graphene?” explains graduate student Yi Song. “It would not be in direct contact with the hole transport layer, but because graphene is so thin, perhaps its adhesive properties might remain intact through the graphene.”
This process was successful, adhering tightly to the HTL and forcing the graphene layer to do the same. The EVA also unexpectedly solved another problem, changing the properties of the top graphene electrode to differ from the bottom one, to ensure smooth electron flow.
“We got lucky,” continues Song. “Our top and bottom electrodes just happen to have the correct work functions as a result of the processes we use to make them.”
Organic solar cells incorporating the electrodes achieved efficiencies of 2.8 to 4.1%. While still far from commercially viable levels, MIT states that these results represent significant improvement over previous work using all graphene electrodes. Tests also showed that the devices performed similarly on different substrates including plastic, paper and Kapton tape.
The researchers say they will now focus improving the efficiency of their cells without sacrificing transparency, and start to consider ways to scale the cells up to large areas such as windows or walls.
Pallets can be purchased in a variety of different materials. They have come a long way since the days of simple wooden pallets.
Pallets come in a variety of shapes, sizes and materials including plastic, but for some, aluminium pallets are the best of the bunch.
Aluminium pallets are usually used for storing and transporting heavy goods by air or sea, and they are particularly used by businesses that store goods outdoors.
This type of pallet is also popular for using in walk in fridges and freezers. The most popular metal pallet is an aluminum pallet, as they are strong and hygienic.
The benefits of aluminum pallets
There are many different reasons why businesses prefer and purchase aluminum pallets. We have listed seven of these below:
• Superior strength compared to plastic and wooden pallets
• Will not rot or decay during poor weather conditions
• Not susceptible to pests unlike wooden pallets
• Will not splinter or crack easily
• Environmentally friendly as they are recyclable
• Suitable for food, chemical and pharmaceutical industries as they are easy to clean
• Long-lasting
With any product there are some downsides and the aluminum palletis the same. If you are transporting a lot of products, you may find that your costs will increase, as aluminum palletsare significantly heavier than other types of pallets.
With this in mind, you may also find that moving these pallets from A to B will be more labour intensive. They may also slow down how quickly you can load and unload your stock.However for you, like a lot of others, the pros may outweigh the cons.
Taking your business into consideration
The individual circumstances of your business will be what the final decision ultimately boils down to when deciding which pallets you should purchase.
Once purchased, an aluminum pallet requires little in the way of maintenance and can stand many years of transporting, even in extreme weather conditions.
Investing in metal pallets is a smart business move as, while you may have to pay more initially, they are cost-effective in the long-run as you do not have to replace on a regular basis.
Where to buyaluminum pallets
AIC Plastic Pallets LTD havealuminum pallets in mainly two sizes; 1200x800mm and 1200x1000mm but have also the capacity to supply in odd sizes depending on quantities. Both of which have been designed using innovative technology, by ourselves and our partners.
AIC is an experienced pallet brand that you can rely on to provide durable products for your business.
Nothing but high-quality pallets
Feedback from our customers has confirmed that our focus on producing high-quality products has resulted in many satisfied customers. Even so, we are still dedicated to improving our technology on an ongoing basis.
Our pallets are available to buy.However if you only need pallets in the short-term, there is an option to rent.
Making the right choice when it comes to quality pallets will lead to a stress-free storage and transport process.This will save your company time and money.
To enquire about any of products and to get advice on what pallet is best suited to your business, get in touch with us today.
Palmer says office break-in politically motivated
Updated
Mining magnate Clive Palmer says police are investigating a burglary at their company's Brisbane headquarters overnight.
They say a computer was stolen, along with corporate and financial records.
Mr Palmer says they believe the incident is linked to their recent decision to contest the September federal election with the United Australia Party.
"I had a telephone call from our financial adviser Michael Dahl who said there'd been a break-in to our financial section, that their computer had been stolen and other items had been stolen and been gone through, which I can't go through," they said.
"Of course this could have been a coincidence.
"This could have just happened after the polls were published showing we had 30 to 40 per cent of the people, so we can't be too upset about it, you know.
"It's interesting that there are eight floors in that building, it's interesting that they should target the financial section of our building and they should take, not take a file, but take the whole computer.
"I fully should say when I was director of the National Party, if you can't win on the policies you always attack the man.
"But what we want for an election is absolute transparency."
Meanwhile, Mr Palmer says an announcement will be made tomorrow on which sitting Queensland MPs have decided to join their United Australia Party.
Gold Coast Independent Alex Douglas is tipped as a possibility.
Mr Palmer says they can't say too much just yet.
"We've had MPs coming forward but I think you'll find some things happening tomorrow," they said.
"We don't want to give all you people, the news in one go - we won't have anything to say tomorrow."
Topics: mining-industry, activism-and-lobbying, minor-parties, burglary, brisbane-4000, sydney-2000
First posted
Originally Posted by Adevati Originally Posted by
They already released the update news, what are you talking about?
- Check your player profile for a link to launch Clash Royale!
- New Dark Troop from the massively popular hit, Clash Royale, the Dark Knight! Just like in our highly successful game, Clash Royale, once this hammer wielding knight gains speed, watch out!
- All troops now have minor stat increases based on what level card you have in Clash Royale.
- The percent destruction tiebreaker in Clan Wars has been removed. Instead, in the event of a tie, the clan that holds the player with the highest trophy count in Clash Royale will win. If neither clan has a Clash Royale player, both clans will lose.
- Spell, troop, and hero regeneration times will be reduced slightly depending on which arena level your Clash Royale account is currently in.
- The Loot Cart has been changed to instead give you 2 common cards in Clash Royale
- Due to the popularity of our major hit, Clash Royale, your daily loot bonus, once earned, will award a 3, 8, or 12 hour chest with random loot rewards.
- A new achievement has been added for those that have not yet downloaded Clash Royale.
Cannabis Catupult This 3-metre high device was capable of launching 2 kg of marijuana at a time over the US/Mexico border. The crooks were busted by surveillance cam, but got away before Mexican authorities arrived at the scene. In total, soldiers seized 16 kilograms of marijuana, the catapult device and an SUV and trailer.
Dogs Aren't Always Man's Best Friend In Sherman County, Oregon, a cop pulled over a truck when they saw a sock fly out its window. The driver explained they were trying to hide the sock from their dog, but the dog turned it into a game of tug-of-war. The dog won and tossed the sock onto the road, but the game really ended when the police officer noticed that the sock was stuffed with hash and marijuana. The owner was indicted on drug possession charges.
Cocaine Clothes An international criminal organization decided it would be a good idea to dip sweaters and jackets in liquid cocaine, neatly fold them in a suitcase and smuggle them through Rome's Fiumicino airport. Customs police busted them, arrested 37 people and seized 165 pounds of cocaine.
Misdirected Drug Text If you're going to sell drugs via text message, make sure you dial the right number. A family in Washington got a text message offering them OxyContin, so they called the police. Officers arranged to buy 20 pills in a parking lot, where they arrested two teenagers. Oops.
Pocket Dial Gone Wrong Pocket dialing is always embarrassing, but for an 18-year-old in Georgia, it ruined their life because their phone dialed 911 while they were discussing a drug deal involving prescription medicine. Dispatchers triangulated the cell signal, placing the caller at a Waffle House. When officers arrived and spoke to the staff, the dispatcher could even hear the officer's voice over the suspect's phone. Police quickly arrested the 18 year old suspect, who actually worked at the Waffle House, and charged them with posession of Hydrocodone and Xanax tablets.
Drug-Smuggling Granny A 77-year-old grandma was jailed for 13 years after smuggling 1.5 million dollars worth of cocaine from France to Britain in their specially-adapted mobility vehicle. The grandma, who was a "willing participant" in the crime, did the deed to take suspicion away from their daughter. They and their daughter had made a similar journey 14 times in the six months before their arrest, and financial checks revealed that $150,000 in cash had been placed in the daughter's bank account since their first trip. Granny thought nobody would suspect them because she's old and suffers from asthma, hypertension and diabetes. but police still found 16kg of uncut cocaine in the backseat of their Nissan Pathfinder. Them daughter, who thought up the genius plan, was sentenced to 14 years.
A Man Named Cokayne Police who arrested a man on suspicion of dealing drugs say it's just coincidence that the suspect's name is Kevin Lee Cokayne. And in Cokayne's defence, they were actually dealing marijuana, but they were still charged with two felony counts of distributing. Police also confiscated a wooden box with marijuana, a safe with marijuana, two jars containing marijuana, a smoking device with marijuana, a digital scale and various records and documents.
Mass Purchase, Mass Bust A group of men decided to stop publicity of a drug bust by buying every copy of Kimberley's Diamond Fields Advertiser newspaper, but the mass purchase made every bigger headlines than the bust itself.
Mouthful of Weed When police pulled over a Florida high school teacher, the simple traffic stop turned into a bizarre drug bust. Police noticed that Bradley Gummow, an 11th and 12th grade teacher of International Vaccalaureate and Advance Placement students, had a plastic bag in their mouth, and when Gummow repeatedly refused to tell officers what it contained, they got Tasered. The jolt caused Gummow to spit out 5 small bags of marijuana, weighing a total of 4.7 grams. They were charged with possession, resisting arrest and violation of probation.
Somebody Stole My Marijuana If you're going to report a robbery, you should leave out the part about the stolen marijuana. Calvin Hoover of Salem, Oregon, made such a call, and told 911 dispatchers that someone had broken into their truck and stolen a jacket, cash and a small amount of marijuana. They called back to ask why the police hadn't shown up yet, but the dispatcher could barely understand them because they were driving and had to stop several times to puke. They were quickly arrested for drunk driving.
Why You Shouldn't Deposit Meth in an ATM If you accidentally deposit a bag of meth into an ATM for deposit into your bank account, you're pretty much screwed. That's what happened to an 18-year-old from Washington state, who admitted to the mix-up when police contacted her--apparently they reached in their pocket and grabbed meth instead of cash. They tested positive for meth and was arrested and charged with one count of possession.
2016 Galveston Historic Homes Tour showcases preservation community Walk or ride your bicycles on this 9-home event
Click to see homes from the 2016 Galveston Historic Homes Tour. Click to see homes from the 2016 Galveston Historic Homes Tour. Image 1 of / 62 Caption Close 2016 Galveston Historic Homes Tour showcases preservation community 1 / 62 Back to Gallery
The annual Galveston Historic Homes Tour will take visitors to nine homes that were built from 1870 to 1922 and showcase some of the most dramatic restoration and renovation projects on the island.
This year's "cover house" is the James and Violet Waters House (1893), which housed three generations of the Waters family over more than 120 years. The home was purchased by North Houston-area residents Kelli and Michael Anderson, who have painstakingly restored it during the past year.
VICTORIAN MANSE: The Waters House has its own story to tell.
Most of the homes keep you in the historic East End, but the tour unofficially takes you for a peek into three Beachtown luxury homes that overlook the bay.
When: 10 a.m.-6 p.m. April 30-May 1, May 7-8
Where: Start the tour at any of the nine houses; go to www.galvestonhistory.org for a map.
Parking: You'll have to find your own parking near each tour home. There is no shuttle service.
Special events: Separate from the weekend home tours are special dinners, bicycle tours, a home rehab tour and mid-century modern tour. Events are priced separately; go to www.galvestonhistory.org.
Tickets: general admission $25 for non-members before April 30, $30 after; buy them at www.galvestonhistory.org, Houston-area Randalls stores or at any tour home during the event.
Former Bush Press Secretary Says The Answer To Mass Shootings Is... More Domestic Surveillance
from the because-of-course dept
Well, I hope there will be bipartisan support to really increase our surveillance. If you want to fight terrorism -- what happened in Paris and what apparently now happened in California -- the answer is not gun control or pipe bomb control (they also had 12 pipe bombs). The answer is more surveillance, tougher surveillance at home, so we can detect these attacks before they go off and protect people. We've done it many times in the past. We have the techniques. We need to make sure we're using those techniques.
The tragic shootings in San Bernadino earlier this week have created a political field day for the usual idiotic partisan arguments -- which tend to have little to nothing to do with whatever actually happened. You have people on one side using it to call for gun control and folks on the other side using it to spark fears of "domestic terrorism." And, of course, it didn't take long for someone to pop up with using it as an excuse to call for. That was the argument that former Bush Press Secretary Ari Fleischer took on MSNBC yesterday when asked what should be done in response . MSNBC Kate Snow asked if this could lead to bipartisan support for gun control (ha ha!) and Fleischer turned it around to say the answer is more surveillance.Almost all of that is complete bullshit of course -- not that Snow calls them on it, because that's not what cable news hosts do. Fleischer repeats the same line a few more times after this, saying over and over again "surveillance stops terrorism." Except, there's been little proof of that. Over and over again, it's been shown that the domestic surveillance programs have failed to stop a single domestic terrorist act I'm sure it's only a matter of time until someone tries to connect the fact that the NSA's bulk collection of domestic phone records "ended" (and the quotes are there on purpose) this past weekend with the shooting this week. But, of course, that leaves out that the system was in place leading up to this and no one apparently knew a damn thing.Once again, it's fairly astounding how these surveillance state cheerleaders will use any situation -- even their own failures -- to argue it means we just need greater surveillance.But, really, for all of Fleischer's bullshit talk about how this is a moment for America to "come together," doesn't that include respecting things like the 4th Amendment?
Filed Under: ari fleischer, grandstanding, gun violence, kate snow, mass shootings, surveillance, terrorism
Bitcoin has come a long way from its meager beginning in 2009, when one bitcoin was worth a fraction of a penny. As its price and popularity grows, the decentralized digital currency is racking up a pretty note-worthy list of celebrity endorsers.
The Most Entrepreneurial Man in the World
Sir Richard Branson, the business investor and influencer best known for founding Virgin Group, has labeled the creator of Bitcoin as a genius. Although Branson predicts that a more successful unifying digital currency will come from the likes of Jack Dorsey, head of Square (which Branson invests in), Branson's Virgin Galactic space travel venture started accepting bitcoin for payments in November.
Crooning Over Cryptocurrency
Several musicians have started accepted the digital currency for their albums. Users can purchase hip hop artist 50 Cents new album, Animal Ambition, and metal band Mastodon's Once More Around the Sun with bitcoin. Last year, Mel B  Scary Spice from the Spice Girls  announced they would accept bitcoin as payment for their new single.
Actors Applaud Digital Currencies Innovation
Ashton Kutcher, known as much for their technology investments as their acting roles, has put money into BitGo, a Bitcoin wallet service that provides added security through a multi-signature feature. Roseanne Barr and Drew Carey have both tweeted about Bitcoin. Carey said they tried to buy breakfast with bitcoins but was refused.
Politicians Enamored with Libertarian Bent
Famous libertarian Ron Paul has opined on Bitcoin several times, first saying the alternative currency could destroy the dollar and separately saying that they don't see it as "true money." Max Keiser, a financial broadcaster, stands behind Bitcoin and recently created an alternative digital currency called Maxcoin. And the notorious political talking head, Glenn Beck, often discusses Bitcoin on their TV program, The Blaze.
Bitcoin Gets Props from Payments Industry Elites
In April last year, David Marcus, PayPal's president at the time, told Bloomberg that they like Bitcoin and could see it as a funding option for PayPal. John Donahoe, CEO of eBay (which owns PayPal), later told CNBC that "at PayPal we're going to have to integrate digital currencies in our wallet." EBay already permits users of its marketplace in the U.K. and the U.S. to sell Bitcoin and other alternative cryptocurrencies.
The 1970s was the golden era of gasoline. And the fumes were the strongest on the drag strip, where Funny Cars ruled supreme.
Names like “Jungle Jim” Liberman and Don “The Snake” Prudhomme are the stuff of legend. And word of those legends has travelled to unlikely places—such as the backstreets of Yogyakarta, the Indonesian city famous for its temples and Javanese culture. Which is where this remarkable bike was built.
The story of ‘Flying Rooster' starts with Scott Colosimo of Cleveland CycleWerks. From their Ohio base, Scott designs and sells low-cost, stylish bikes with a strong custom or retro vibe.
So when it came to launch the CCW brand in Southeast Asia, Scott chose Yogyakarta's popular Kustomfest show. They gave bikes to ten of Indonesia's best builders, and flew out Roland Sands to help with the judging.
Flying Rooster took third place, but for us it's the standout from the competition entries. It's a genre-busting, radical effort from local builder Rizqi Pratama of Lemb Inc, based on CCW's 250cc Heist model.
“The builders were all given the same budget with a tight one-month timeframe,” says Scott. “And every bike had to be ridden to Kustomfest to be eligible for judging.”
“Rizqi is an artist and craftsman. Out of necessity, they ‘does it all.' He's one of those guys that can draw, design, weld, shape foam, lay fiberglass, pull molds, paint, stripe and dry brush.”
For their benchmark, Rizqi chose American drag cars. ‘Flying Rooster' even has a wacky name to match: the hinged bodywork looks like a rooster in flight, with a long neck and wings folded down behind the engine. When the quick-release fiberglass body is propped up, all the mechanical components are accessible.
There's so much custom work on the bike, it's hard to know where to start.
The entire motor was torn down, repainted, polished and detailed to match the theme of the bike. The secondary air injection is now housed inside a hand-hammered enclosure and the carburetor has been totally reworked, to eke out every bit of performance from the air-cooled single.
A new rear-wheel-and-drum-brake combo adds to the retro feel, along with the turned and knurled pegs of the custom rearsets. Even the kickstand and gear shift linkages are hand fabricated, and the drive gearing has been changed from stock.
Rizqi has narrowed the front end, and installed new triple trees. The forks are custom too, and everything from the headlight shroud to the hubs has been chromed.
The angular exhaust system is hand-bent, and the inside has been painted to match the bodywork color.
The star of the show is the extraordinary glasswork, though. Rizqi added hard foam to the stock Heist and hand-shaped it before laying a fiberglass mold on top. The seat hides a new gas tank, lifted from a scooter.
The entire unit is structural and designed to take the rider's weight, with aluminum bracing and fire-resistant heat shielding underneath. It's like a slammed Triumph X75 Hurricane with the volume turned up to 11.
Flying Rooster probably won't run a quarter mile in five seconds. But in the creativity stakes, it's miles ahead of most customs. We have a funny feeling we'll be hearing more about Mr Pratama in the months to come.
Cleveland CycleWerks website | Facebook page | Rizqi Pratama on Instagram
“It's $8 billion.… And of the 2,000 [miles], we don't need 2,000, we need 1,000 because we have natural barriers, et cetera, et cetera, and I'm taking it price per square foot and a price per square, you know, per mile, and it's a very simple calculation. I'm talking about precasts going up probably 35 to 40 feet up in the air. That's high; that's a real wall. It will actually look good. It'll look, you know, as good as a wall is going to look.”
— Donald Trump, interview with MSNBC, Feb. 9, 2016
Donald Trump put a price tag on the wall they want to build on the 2,000-mile border with Mexico – $8 billion. They also described the wall in a bit more detail — it would be 1,000 miles long, made of precast concrete slabs, rising 35 to 40 feet in the air.
Trump has repeatedly said Mexico will pay for the wall, though Mexican leaders dismiss that as a fantasy. They have suggested that the money would come from reducing the $50 billion trade deficit with Mexico — which as our friends at PolitiFact have documented, is simply nonsensical.
But is their $8 billion estimate in the realm of possibility?
The Facts
As big government projects go, $8 billion is not a huge sum. A single aircraft carrier these days costs about $13 billion. But then that's sophisticated ship — and Trump is just talking about a very long wall.
Under the Secure Fence Act of 2006, the United States has already spent $2.4 billion for fencing across nearly one-third of the border (670 miles). It's unclear if Trump would replace the fence with the wall or supplement the fence with the wall. (The fence is mostly vehicle barriers and single-layer pedestrian fence, which presumably is inadequate for Trump's purposes.)
But the fence, while different from a wall, does provide some sense of the numbers involved. The Government Accountability Office in 2009 said the cost to build a mile of the fence initially averaged between $2.8 million and $3.9 million. But that was in the easiest areas, near metropolitan centers; other areas in the desert or mountains could cost as much as $16 million a mile.
So 1,000 miles of fences is at best $3 billion, and certainly much higher than that. A concrete wall would clearly be an order of magnitude. (We have not even begun to consider upkeep and maintenance. The Corps of Engineers estimated that the 25-year life cycle cost of the fence would range from $16.4 million to $70 million per mile; the total cost of the fencing so far has been $7 billion, according to the Congressional Research Service.)
We can also look at the Israel's experience with building a separation barrier between Israeli-held areas and Palestinian-held areas. For the first 525 kilometers (326 miles), the cost was $2.6 billion. A simple calculation of expanding that to 1,000 miles yields a calculation of $7.99 billion, suspiciously similar to Trump's estimate.
But only one-tenth (33 miles) of the Israeli barrier is an eight-meter (25-foot) concrete wall. The other 90 percent is a two-meter (six-foot) high electronic fence. Trump says they want a 1,000-mile long concrete wall.
Assuming the cost of the fence was equivalent to the U.S. fence ($3 million a mile), that suggests about $1 billion of the cost was for the fence; the other $1.4 billion was for 33 miles of the wall (which was built in mostly metropolitan areas). Believe it or not, that translates to $42 billion for 1,000 miles of a 25-foot wall. (Recall that Trump wants a 35-to-40-foot wall.)
In an interesting article for The National Memo, a structural engineer tried to do the calculations just for the concrete. They even produced a possible sketch.
Their calculations were for a 2,000-mile, 25-foot-high wall, so we have updated them for a 1,000-mile, 35-foot-high wall.
Foundation: 6 feet deep, 18 inch radius = 42.4 cubic feet
Column: 4 square feet area by 30 feet tall = 120 cubic feet
Wall panels: 35 feet tall by 10 feet long by 8 inches thick = 249.3 cubic feet
Total concrete per 10-foot segment = 411.7 cubic feet
1,000 miles = 5,280,000 feet = 528,000 segments (10-feet long each)
528,000 segments * 411.7 cubic feet per segment = 217,377,600 cubic feet = 8,050,666 cubic yards. (The cubic yard is the standard unit of measure of concrete volume in the United States.)
That's about double the amount of concrete in the Hoover Dam. A cement manufacturer said prices are now running $85 to $90 a cubic yard, so that works out to about $700 million just for the concrete.
As the engineer noted, a lot of reinforcing steel (rebar) would also be necessary. We figured that the steel would add up to about 1.6 million tons, which works out to about $1 billion at current per-ton costs, but perhaps Trump could get a volume discount.
So just for two raw materials, we are looking at nearly $2 billion. But of course, the wall would need to be designed, land would need to be acquired, environmental impact statements would need to be done, concrete-casting facilities would need to be built, materials would need to be shipped, and workers would need to be hired, housed and fed.
We consulted with several experts, who said even a rough estimate of the total cost was extremely difficult. We will update if we obtain an estimate from a credible source.
Update: We spoke to a retired estimator and economist for one of the nation's largest construction firms. They worked through some of the math, though they did not want to be identified publicly. Roughly, they said a wall of this type would cost at least $25 billion — and that is not counting a video system to keep watch on the border. Building the wall would also require at least 40,000 workers a year for at least four years, but they doubted it could be built so quickly.
The concrete panels would need to be at least 8 inches thick and be 40 feet tall (35 feet above ground and five feet underground). They estimated that it would cost about $10 billion for the concrete panels and $5-6 billion for steel columns to hold the panels, including labor. Concrete footing for the columns and a concrete foundation would add another $1 billion. A road would need to be built so 20-ton trucks could deliver the materials; that's another $2 billion. Then you need to add another 30 percent for engineering, design, management and so forth. That adds up to nearly $25 billion–three times Trump's estimate.
Some of the calculations are staggering. The foundations would require nearly 2.5 to 3 million cubic yards of concrete, which requires poured-in-place concrete delivered in concrete trucks. “That's 250,000 to 300,000 truckloads, 20-ton each of concrete,” they said. Then the excavated earth would need to be hauled somewhere and disposed–nearly 3 million cubic yards, or enough soil to cover 17 acres 100 feet deep. That's 90,000 truckloads of 40 tons each.
Update, July 26: Bernstein Research issued a comprehensive report on the potential cost of the wall, concluding it would cost at least $15 billion and as much as $25 billion.
The Pinocchio Test
Trump's claim that the wall would cost $8 billion is highly dubious. We would welcome a serious discussion of the costs, rather than mere assertions, and are open to new information, either from Trump or from experts in construction engineering who have crunched the numbers.
But based on the costs of the Israeli security barrier (which is mostly fenced) and the cost of the relatively simple fence already along the U.S.-Mexico border, an $8 billion price tag is simply not credible. We are open to adjusting the rating if credible new information or estimates can be obtained, but based on the information we have now, this is yet another Four-Pinocchio claim from Trump.
Update: In a Feb. 17 interview with MSNBC, Trump upped their estimate of the cost: “The wall is going to cost a fraction of that [trade deficit with Mexico], maybe $10 billion or $12 billion, and it's going to be a real wall.” We still believe that figure is not credible.
Four Pinocchios
(About our rating scale)
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Check out our 2016 candidates fact-check page
Sign up for The Fact Checker weekly newsletter
A North African football team has been sent home from the Gothia World Youth Cup tournament in Sweden after members sexually assaulted three teenagers at the event's opening ceremony.
At the opening ceremony of the Gothia Cup on Monday, a gang of North African men surrounded and groped three 16 year old girls. Police arrested the team's 35 year old manager for sexual assault.
Events unfolded when, outside Ullevi stadium in Gothenburg, a group of between 30 and 40 men from a North African football team asked the girls if they could take photographs with them.
Swedish media outlet SVT reported that the group then began surrounding the three teens, groping them and trying to put their hands under the girls' clothes.
The mother of one of the alleged victims said the men “kissed [the girls], and the grown man shoved their tongue in my daughter's mouth”. They said the teens then panicked and tried to protect themselves.
Police arrived to stop the sexual assaults after hearing the girls' cries for help, and arrested the club's 35-year-old manager. Police did not arrest any of the teenagers for the attacks because it would have been too difficult for the girls to have identified which of them were responsible. The tournament's organisers chose to dismiss the team from the competition.
Gothia Cup's founder and secretary general, Dennis Andersson, said that after meeting with the foreign team they were “very remorseful” about the attacks and that the men admitted that they knew what they did was wrong.
Noting that such attacks had never happened before at the tournament, which is the world's largest and most international youth football competition. Mr. Andersson indicated that the Gothia Cup would take a stand against the issue of sexual harassment at next year's tournament.
They said: “I have already started thinking about the future. Gothia Cup should be at the forefront of the question of stopping stuff like [sexual assaults].
“Next year [at the tournament] we'll do something big, something that will be seen and heard.”
Sri Vikrama Rajasinha (1780 – January 30, 1832, born Kannasamy Nayaka) was the last of four Kings, to rule the last Sinhalese monarchy of the Kingdom of Kandy in Sri Lanka. The Nayak Kings were of Telugu origin who practiced Shaivite Hinduism and were patrons of Theravada Buddhism[1][2].The Nayak rulers played a huge role in reviving Buddhism in the island[3].They spoke Tamil, which was also used as the court language in Kandy alongside with Sinhalese[4][5][6][7][8]
The King was eventually deposed by the British under the terms of the Kandyan Convention, in 1815, ending over 2300 years of Sinhalese monarchy on the island. The island was incorporated into the British Empire, and Sri Vikrama Rajasinha was succeeded by George III, as monarch of British Ceylon.
Early life [ edit ]
Prior to their coronation in 1798, Sri Vikrama Rajasinha was known as Prince Kannasamy Naidu.[9] They were a member of the Madurai Nayak Dynasty and the nephew of Sri Rajadhi Rajasinha. They succeed their uncle as the King of Kandy in 1798 at the age of eighteen.
Reign [ edit ]
The Throne of Kandyan Kings.
Early reign [ edit ]
There was a rival claimant to succeed Sri Rajadhi Rajasinha, the brother of Queen Upendrama, who had a stronger claim. However, Pilimatalauwa, the first Adigar (Prime Minister) chose Prince Kannasamy, reportedly with deep seated plans to usurp the throne to set up a dynasty of their own. Sri Vikrama Rajasinha was faced with numerous conspiracies to overthrow them and reigned through one of the most turbulent periods in Sri Lanka's history.
Internal Conflict [ edit ]
Capture of HM Rajasinha in 1815.
During their time, the British who had succeeded the Dutch in the Maritime Provinces had not interfered in the politics of the Kandy. But Pilimatalauwa, the first Adigar of the King, started covert operations with the British to provoke the King into acts of aggression, which would give the British an excuse to seize the Kingdom. The Adigar manipulated the King into beginning a military conflict with the British, who had gained a strong position in the coastal provinces. War was declared and on March 22, 1803 the British entered Kandy with no resistance, Sri Vikrama Rajasinha having fled. The adigar massacred the British garrison in Kandy in June and restored the King to the throne. Pilimitalava plotted to overthrow the King and seize the crown for himself, but their plot was discovered, and, having been pardoned on two previous occasions, they were executed.
The disgraced adigar was replaced by their nephew, Ehelepola Nilame, who soon came under suspicion of following their uncle in plotting the overthrow of Sri Vikrama Rajasinha. A rebellion instigated by Ehalepola was suppressed, after which they then fled to Colombo and joined the British. After failing to surrender (after 3 weeks of notice), the exasperated King dismissed Ehelepola, confiscated their lands, and ordered the imprisonment and execution of their wife and children. A propagandised account of the execution was widely circulated by sympathisers.
Ehelepola fled to British-controlled territory, where they persuaded the British that Sri Vikrama Rajasinha's tyranny deserved a military intervention. The pretext was provided by the seizure of a number of British merchants, who were detained on suspicion of spying and were tortured, killing several of them. An invasion was duly mounted and advanced to Kandy without resistance, reaching the city on February 10, 1815. On March 2, the Kingdom was ceded to the British under a treaty called the Kandyan Convention.
Regarding the King's reign, the historian Louis Edmund Blaze states that "He was not as ardent a patriot as their immediate successors; nor did they show those mental and moral qualities which enabled former Kings to hold their own against rebellion and invasion. To say they were cruel does not mean much, for cruel Kings and nobles were not rare in those days; and it is questionable whether all the cruel deeds attributed to Sri Vickrema Rajasinghe were of their own devising or done by their authority. It might be more fair to regard them as a weak tool in the hands of designing chiefs than as the monster of cruelty, which it is an idle fashion with some writers to call him. They did a lot to beautify their capital. The lake and the Octagon in Kandy have always been considered the work of the King."
Death [ edit ]
On March 2, 1815 the Kingdom was ceded to the British and Sri Vikrama Rajasinha was deposed and taken as a royal prisoner by the British to Vellore Fort in southern India. They lived on a small allowance given to them with their two queens by the British Government. They died of dropsy on January 30, 1832, aged 52 years.
Their death anniversary is celebrated as Guru Pooja by their direct descendant Mr. V. Ashok Raja and Family at Muthu Mandabam, Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India.Since 2011, Guru pooja is celebrated at Muthu Mandabam by their family members.
Legacy [ edit ]
Palace of King Sri Vikrama Rajasinha.
Flag of the Kingdom of Kandy.
The current Flag of Sri Lanka incorporates Sri Vikrama Rajasinha's Royal Standard. In September 1945 it was proposed in an address to the State Council that the flag be adopted as Sri Lanka's national flag:
"This House is of opinion that the Royal Standard of King Sri Vikrama Rajasinha depicting a yellow lion passant holding a sword in its right paw on a red background, which was removed to England after the Convention of 1815, should once again be adopted as the official flag of Free Lanka."
Kandy Lake, an artificial lake overlooking the palace in Kandy was commissioned by Sri Vikrama Rajasinha.
The Paththirippuwa or Octagon of the Sri Dalada Maligawa, is widely regarded as the epitome or the most admired symbol and representation of Kandyan Sinhalese Architecture. It was built in 1802 A.D. by Devendra Mulachari, Master Craftsman and Royal Architect, on the instructions of King Sri Vikrama Rajasinha.
During Sri Vikrama Rajasinha's time as a royal prisoner in Vellore Fort they received a privy purse, which their descendants continued to receive from the Government of Ceylon until 1965. Muthu Mandapam is a memorial built around the tombstone of Sri Vikrama Rajasinha, the last south Indian origin ruler of Kandy.[10][11] Situated on the bank Palar River, it is just one km north of Vellore town.
During Sri Vikrama Rajasinha's reign, Tamil was used as one of the court languages in Kandy - a historical fact with implications for the present-day politics of Sri Lanka.[12]
In 2018, a Sinhala film titled Girivassipura was made and released which depicts the real life story of the King Sri Vikrama Rajasinha.[13]
See also [ edit ]
The presumed front-runner in the federal Conservatives' leadership race says close to 20 per cent of the votes mailed in so far were incomplete and will not count — but the party is suggesting it's too early to tell whether any ballots will be disqualified.
“Last night, our scrutineers started counting ballots,” Maxime Bernier wrote in an email to supporters sent Tuesday. “By our count, nearly one in five people has incorrectly filled out their ballot. That means thousands of votes won't count.”
WATCH: Conservative leadership race opens up with O'Learly's departure, says polling firm CEO
As of last month, 259,010 Canadians were paid-up members and eligible to vote for Stephen Harper's replacement, according to the party.
Assuming every one of those members voted (which is far from likely), that would mean 51,802 votes thrown into the trash, never to be counted.
READ MORE: Free of baggage from Harper's Conservative era, Andrew Scheer seeks to replace them
But when Harper won the leadership of the then-brand new Conservative Party of Canada in 2004, about one-third of members voted. If the pattern holds – and if Bernier's calculation is accurate – the party would be looking at almost 17,268 votes tossed out of a total 86,337 cast.
Despite the alarmist tone of Bernier's email to supporters (there are a lot of bolds, all-caps words and phrases, for example) the communications director for the party, Cory Hann, implied it's too early to tell whether any votes will be tossed.
READ MORE: Tory leadership hopeful Michael Chong: ‘I've said no to bigotry'
Mailed ballots include two envelopes; one for the secret ballot and another for the signed declaration and a photocopy of a government-issued ID including a home address.
“The process we're in right now is a verification process,” Hann wrote in an email to Global News. “We're opening the outer envelope to check that both the declaration form and photo ID are included.”
WATCH: Conservative leadership hopefuls turn sights on Maxime Bernier after Kevin O`Leary withdraws from race
If they're not in the outer envelope, the envelope containing the secret ballot is placed aside, they said, since it's possible the form and ID were incorrectly placed in the same envelope as the ballot.
Scrutineers and officials will later check those envelopes set aside. If they include the appropriate information they “will be counted as normal,” Hann wrote. If the necessary documentation isn't included in the secrecy envelope, the ballot will be tossed.
WATCH: Rona Ambrose presses Conservatives to be more inclusive of female leaders
Nonetheless, Bernier used the issue as a chance to plead to supporters to mail their ballots and get their vote in.
“If you haven't voted, your vote is more important than ever,” they wrote.
READ MORE: Interim Conservative Leader Rona Ambrose announces retirement from federal politics
“Your vote could mean the difference between a Conservative majority government, or four more years of [Liberal Prime Minister] Justin Trudeau.”
That last line seems to suggest a concern on Bernier's part that fewer ballots cast means a decreased chance of them taking the leadership.
Conservative party members are electing their new leader via a ranked ballot system, split by riding. Each riding in the country is worth 100 points regardless of population or membership numbers.
The winner of the months-long leadership race will be announced at a convention on May 27 in Toronto.
President Donald Trump escalated what has arguably been their most mindless feud yet by calling the father of a college basketball player “a poor man's version of Don King, but without the hair” and an “ungrateful fool.”
It wasn't the White House, it wasn't the State Department, it wasn't father LaVar's so-called people on the ground in China that got their son out of a long term prison sentence - IT WAS ME. Too bad! LaVar is just a poor man's version of Don King, but without the hair. Just think.. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2017
...LaVar, you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China, but no NBA contract to support you. But remember LaVar, shoplifting is NOT a little thing. It's a really big deal, especially in China. Ungrateful fool! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2017
“Everybody wants to make it seem like [Trump] helped me out,” the elder Ball told ESPN last week. “I've seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. My son has built up enough character that one bad decision doesn't define him.”
In response, the president fumed that they should have left the players in jail, a charge that the White House later walked back.
Trump's latest criticism seems to be in response to comments the elder Ball made on Monday night, that “if I was going to thank somebody, I'd probably thank President Xi.”
Experts told the New York Times that the players probably would have been released without Trump's help, because― contrary to the president's claims― shoplifting isn't a serious crime in China.
Description
Check out the items for more images and videos.
Undying - Renegade Guard
Dirge was a royal guard of a certain monarch whose wealth knew no bounds. They were entrusted to protect the vault but was ultimately blinded by their greed. One fateful night, they quickly ran away with the stolen treasure. The palace was put on alert and chased them down to the deathly valleys. During the chase, they stumbled and they fell down a hole so dark and deep and was never found since. Unbenknowst to humankind, the hole was actually a passage to the underworld, a vile world where a person's flaw was multiplied. Fueled by the power of the underworld, Dirge's massive greed eventually overpowered death and they came back to life. Now they are back on earth seeking to fulfill their thirst for treasures.
We hope you like it!
Model: Manuel Virks
Concept: Ken Darmadi
Getting a company's attention over Twitter is becoming an easy and often effective way for consumers to achieve what they want, when they want. Yet the increase in hackers creating fake accounts to interact with consumers — and "phish" for private information — is a growing concern.
It goes something like this: Someone tweets at a company because they may be upset about an issue. A fake account on Twitter replies directly to that person, and asks them to log in to a fake website. The victim then exposes their personal information to hackers.
A 2014 report by EMC noted that various phishing scams cost companies a combined $5.9 billion in nearly 500,000 separate attacks. Meanwhile, cybersecurity experts at Kapersky Lab found that last year, more than a quarter of phishing scams targeted users' financial data.
Proofpoint, a cybersecurity solutions firm, is just one of the companies seeing a significant increase in fake retail banking and retail customer service accounts phishing for bank account credentials. These breaches are becoming especially prevalent on Twitter and Facebook. A representative for Twitter did not immediately respond to CNBC's request for comment.
Devin Redmond, vice president at Proofpoint, said that as more businesses adopt to social media to address customer concerns, other people with bad intentions are also watching.
"The bad guys go wherever the conversation is," they told CNBC. "The bad actors know they can actually leverage that to steal and defraud people."
Read MorePhishing scam targets Washington E-ZPass holders
Are you registered to vote? If not, the CEO of Reddit is urging you to register as soon as possible.
September 27, 2016, was National Voter Registration Day, and in order to catch the attention of all “redditors,” the website's CEO issued a message to all users. The message popped up as soon as Reddit loaded and explained the importance of voting during the presidential election. Read the entire message, posted to Reddit, below.
“To all US redditors, Today is National Voter Registration Day in the United States. Voting is easy; it's important; and it's a privilege. Unlike on Reddit, voting in real life actually matters. If you want to influence how our country is run, voting is one of the most effective things you can do. It takes only a few minutes, and you can do it online. You have many options: voteplz, which has a nice voting guide, vote.gov, the official government site, hello.vote, which works via SMS, vote.org, or rockthevote.com. Whether you are a donkey, elephant, centipede, or human, take a moment to make sure you are registered. Reddit will still be here when you get back. u/spez, Reddit CEO”
The idea behind National Voter Registration Day is to increase participation during the election, which will take place on November 8, 2016. According to Education Votes, National Voter Registration Day, which was established in 2002, also increases awareness of the state requirements and deadlines for voting. In 2008, 6 million Americans failed to vote during the election because they missed the registration deadline or they weren't sure how to register. While some states will allow people to register up until the day of the election, the majority have a deadline in early to mid October. To check to see when your state's deadline is, click here.
“Now is the time to make sure that you are signed up and your registration information is up-to-date,” Connecticut Secretary of State Denise Merrill, president of the National Association of Secretaries of State, said. “Make sure that getting ready to vote is part of your back-to-work or back-to-school routine.”
The White House issued a presidential proclamation on Tuesday to mark the day.
“One of the most fundamental and sacred rights of any democracy is the right to vote; in order for our government to function effectively and respond to the needs of our people, all citizens can and must play a role in shaping it,” President Barack Obama said.
“Democracy is not a spectator sport. If we are serious about improving our country and ensuring our government reflects our values, we cannot afford to sit out on Election Day,” they added. “Unfortunately, among those who are eligible to vote, too many choose not to — far too many people disenfranchise themselves by not getting involved. When we do not take full advantage of the right to vote, we not only give away our voice; our power; our ability to shape the future of the country we love — we also do a disservice to the generations of Americans before us who risked everything, including their lives, to protect this fundamental aspect of our Republic.”
Happy National Voter Registration Day!!!
Go to https://t.co/DSMAHUTAsq and register to vote. Your vote matters and your voice matters!!! — Aja Naomi King (@ajanaomi_king) September 27, 2016
If you are not registered to vote, the process of registering is surprisingly simple. As Reddit's CEO pointed out, there are several websites you can visit to register that will walk you through the process step-by-step.
What do you think about the CEO of Reddit taking the time to persuade users to vote? Leave your comments below.
[Featured Image by 3dfoto/ Shutterstock]
In the months after my young son was identified as having Asperger syndrome, I wondered whether they would outgrow their diagnosis. I never imagined that their diagnosis would outgrow him. Still, that's happening with changes to the diagnostic criteria and terminology relating to . This is far more than a medical technicality. For autistic people and their allies, the issue is packed with implications for , community, and access to and services and legal protections. Raging opinion has long since burst the banks of the autism blogosphere and spilled into the mainstream .
The revisions to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders by the American Association are a worthy attempt to simplify and clarify the diagnostic criteria and terminology for autism. me if I don't lovingly embrace them. The proposed changes are radical, and clumsy handling by the APA has not helped them go over. The fifth edition of the DSM is due out in May next year. Among its various revisions, it will eliminate 's as a formal diagnosis and fold Aspergerians into the broad Autism Spectrum Disorder category. (And, in theory, people diagnosed with Pervasive Developmental Disorder Not Otherwise Specified — although some seem destined for the new Social Communication Disorder diagnosis, which the APA insists is not a form of autism.)
When my son was born in 1996, the Asperger's diagnosis was only two years old. Asperger's Disorder, as it is known in the inherently pathologizing terminology of the APA, had been formally introduced to researchers and clinicians in DSM-IV, published in 1994. This followed years of demands from autistic people and their allies for due recognition and support. Nevertheless, the principle of the new umbrella autism diagnosis makes some sense. Plenty of Aspergerians have already put themselves into the autism category, resisting the Asperger's label for admirable reasons that I'll look at in my next post. But at the Asperger's Association of New England (AANE), based in Watertown MA, where I serve on the Board of Directors, we witness the value of the Asperger's diagnosis to many — and I'll get to their reasons too.
The arguments over the Asperger's label don't align neatly with the usual autism factions. Some who reject it are motivated by inclusion and solidarity. Others appear to do so for reasons of exclusion and hierarchy. Needless to say, these groups aren't snuggly bedfellows. Autism has been a treacherous business since long before the APA launched its latest debacle. Planning this blog, I'm thinking about the importance of not unfairly judging people whose experiences and perspectives I don't share — and I'm uncomfortably aware that this decision could itself look like an unfair judgment on others.
What am I doing here, anyway? I'm the non-autistic of an Aspergerian-slash-autistic teen son and a typically developing tween. My include autistic adults who provide generous consultation services on all matters autistic (actually, on all matters) and straightforward (read: polite yet merciless) feedback on my rough drafts. They'll make frequent appearances here. I'm a of online coverage by self-advocates who engage with and tolerate me in varying degrees. I chair a fledgling Advocacy Committee at the AANE and edit its recently re-launched blog, AspBlogosphere. My involvement with the AANE inevitably influences my perspective, although my posts here do not represent its positions. And I'm part of a committee responsible for a pioneering Standardized Patient program at Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, in which autistic people educate medical students about autism and the barriers to health care they encounter. My professional background is in journalism, I'm a candidate for a Masters of Science at Tufts, and I welcome good faith feedback and criticism. I'll be reporting and remarking on issues, events and research affecting the Asperger's community — families, friends, clinicians, and (primarily) people with Asperger's and related profiles, regardless of which diagnostic label works for them. That which we call a rose by any other name would as sweet.
I'm reminded of the traditional chant on the death of a monarch, which acknowledges the immediate transfer of sovereignty to the heir. “The king is dead! Long live the king!”
And so:
“Asperger's is dead! Long live Asperger's!”
The fine Aspergerian mind will always be with us. As for the label, I've a feeling it won't easily be wrested from those who find it helpful. I envision my son as an old man in 2070, croakily confiding that they have Asperger's — or autism. And I'll guess that whichever terminology they favor (and if we've done our jobs right) whoever's listening will have a pretty decent sense of what they mean.
A teacher in upstate New York wrote me to say that the state English language arts test for 8th grade (written by Pearson) contained a passage that their students had read a week earlier—in a Pearson 8th grade textbook! The story is “Why Leaves Turn Color in Fall,” by Diane Ackerman. The story appears on page 540 of the Pearson textbook.
Moral of the story: if you want your students to succeed on the state tests written by Pearson, be sure to buy the Pearson textbooks.
The teacher wrote:
I am an 8th grade teacher in Xxxx, NY. On Day 1 of the NYS ELA 8 Exam, I discovered what I believe to be a huge ethical flaw in the State test. The state test included a passage on why leaves change color that is included in the Pearson-generated NYS ELA 8 text. I taught it in my class just last week. In a test with 6 passages and questions to complete in 90 minutes, it was a huge advantage to students fortunate enough to use a Pearson text and not that of a rival publisher. It may very well have an impact on student test scores. This has not yet received any attention in the press. Could you help me bring this to the attention of the public?
Related The Riot Girls' Style The Russian punk collective Pussy Riot is known for its political performance art – and its flashy aesthetic. More…
Berlin bystanders caught a colorful eyeful on Wednesday at 5 p.m. when roughly 400 Pussy Riot supporters marched down Oderberger Strasse in the upscale neighborhood of Prenzlauer Berg wearing rainbow-hued balaclavas and chanting, “Free Pussy Riot!” toward oncoming traffic.
The cars stopped, of course.
Drivers smiled and watched the spectacle, which resembled a Technicolor flash mob. Children, with their families at a nearby cafe, roared with laughter. Elsewhere in the crowd, people took pictures with their smartphones.
This agenda of this storming, raw group — blue lipstick, army hats, pink hair — was twofold: taking to the streets in support of the Russian feminist punk collective but also participating as extras in the music video for “Free Pussy Riot” by Peaches, the Canadian electro musician, and the American artist Simonne Jones, which will hit iTunes Tuesday. All proceeds of the sale of the song will go to Maria Alyokhina, Nadezhda Tolokonnikova, and Yekaterina Samutsevitch, the three members of Pussy Riot who were tried for criticizing Putin in a protest poem in Moscow last March.
“PLEASE WEAR BRIGHT SOLID COLORS” read the instructions on the Facebook invite sent out only days prior.
“Hurry! Before police see us!” said Peaches, who led the event in purple spandex tights, a pink tank top and sneakers. On both of their arms the words “Pussy Riot” were scrawled in black marker. “Otherwise, I'll have to pay a fine, and I'd rather send the money to Pussy Riot for their legal fees,” they said.
They were a lucky bunch, indeed — police did not disturb scene and the video was shot and executed flawlessly in 30 minutes.
The group, sporting custom-made balaclavas in of yellow, pink, green, purple and red, made its way en masse to the nearby Mauerpark, a public park which translates to “Wall Park” in English, signifying its former part of the Berlin Wall.
A dance circle formed in the wild grass and broke into chant: “We are Pussy Riot!”
“They're the most incredible conceptual artists in our time,” Peaches explained when they aren't directing the crowd to sit, stand up, hug and dance chaotically to absolute silence, adding that the point was not to get arrested but to show solidarity.
“Now I got to go home and finish writing the song,” they said, walking up a long cobblestone road.
And the crowd scattered.
Verizon and a union representing its workers have reached a settlement requiring the company to fix thousands of problems in areas of Pennsylvania where it hasn't upgraded its copper network to fiber.
The settlement of the union's complaint "will require the company to repair and replace bad cable, defective equipment, faulty back-up batteries, and to take down 15,000 double telephone poles," the Communications Workers of America (CWA) said Friday.
Double poles occur when "Verizon has failed to move its equipment from an old pole that was replaced with a new one by another utility (e.g., the electric company)," the CWA said. "In many cases, these are dangerous conditions—poles are falling, leaning, rotting, partially cut off, etc."
How many double poles are in the state is not clear. The settlement requires Verizon to fix "at least" 15,000 within three years. There are also "dangling pieces of old poles" resulting from Verizon doing "everything it can to avoid the expense of moving its facilities to a new pole," as shown in the pictures above and detailed in the union's complaint against Verizon.
"When VZPA does nothing, and the electric utility must remove the pole from the base, it may leave the portion of the old pole containing VZPA facilities just dangling over the right of way, tied to the new pole by a single cable or a make-shift wooden support," the union complaint said.
The settlement involves Verizon, the CWA, and state officials that represent consumers and small businesses.
The CWA filed its complaint against Verizon in October 2015, and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PUC) subsequently examined the dispute. The settlement (full text) was filed Friday and is enforceable by the PUC, which would step in if Verizon refuses to carry out its new obligations.
"Today's settlement shows that Verizon cannot neglect its copper infrastructure and provide unsafe, inadequate service to its customers in order to maximize profits,” CWA Local 13000 President Jim Gardler said. The union alleged that "Verizon's inadequate maintenance of copper facilities and service problems... also endangered public and worker safety."
In the case of double poles, the CWA's complaint said that Verizon managers "claim that there is little money in the budget to move facilities to the new poles."
When we contacted Verizon today and asked why the problems described in the settlement weren't previously fixed, the company declined to comment. The settlement does not contain any admission of wrongdoing or liability. In February 2016, Verizon told Ars that the union's complaint was just a "fishing expedition in search of headlines and publicity to be exploited in labor contract discussions."
Friday's settlement is the second time Verizon reached an agreement to fix extensive copper network problems since last month. "Verizon reached a similar deal in May with 17 South Jersey towns that complained of rundown copper lines leading to phone outages and buzzing on the line," the Philadelphia Inquirer reported yesterday. "Verizon said it would respond more quickly in South Jersey to reports of phone outages—within 48 hours—and expand FiOS to four small municipalities, but not the whole 17-town area."
But Verizon "rejected calls from the union to expand FiOS into Pennsylvania areas without it," the newspaper report said.
2.1 million homes still on old copper networks
In 1993, Verizon predecessor Bell signed an agreement with state regulators promising to bring fiber Internet or "comparable technology" to its entire service area in Pennsylvania. In exchange, the state freed the company from the restrictions of rate-of-return regulation. But 2.1 million homes in the Verizon service area still have nothing but slower DSL or wireless service, we reported in a story in June 2015.
For customers stuck on aging copper networks, the new agreement will at least take care of some of the most pressing problems. Verizon is required to share information with the union and state officials during the process.
Here's a list of actions Verizon committed to taking:
After at least half a century of prevarication and debate, it looks like the UN Human Rights Council is now serious about developing a new legally binding international instrument on business and human rights. But this long-running debate in the UN system has always been as much about upholding the rights of corporations as it has been about upholding human rights.
There is a highly controversial principle in human rights law that allows corporations and other “legal persons” to apply for the same protections as real persons at human rights courts. This principle is made more controversial by the fact that profit-making corporations are as likely to be the authors of human rights violations as public authorities, often in precisely the same circumstances, involving precisely the same types of violations.
But corporations cannot be held accountable for human rights violations. So, while corporations can be protected by human rights law, they can at the same time enjoy impunity for committing human rights violations.
Over the past 60 years, the legal status of corporations in human rights law has been protected, though in different ways, through the European and the Inter-American human rights systems.
In 1949, the Council of Europe appointed a Consultative Assembly with the mandate to draft the European Convention on Human Rights. One of the most heated arguments was about whether the “right to property” should be a human right. The UK government, worried about what might happen to the legal status of its nationalisation programme, was opposed. But the UK government lost the debate and the “right to property” was included in the ECHR.
In its final version, Article 1 Protocol 1 reads: “Every natural or legal person is entitled to the peaceful enjoyment of their possessions” (italics added). The inclusion of “legal persons” in Protocol 1 has had a significant impact on the concept of rights in Europe and proved to be a watershed for the endorsement of the principle that corporations can be entitled to human rights protections.
Case law
The overall scale of cases in which corporations “claim” rights is not insignificant. As Norwegian law professor Marius Emberland writes in their book The Human Rights of Companies, of 3,307 judgments delivered in the European Court of Human Rights between 1998-2003, 126 (or 3.8%) originated in applications filed by companies or other persons pursuing corporate interests.
Most of the cases in which corporations have the protection of the European Court of Human Rights have been for alleged violations of property rights, the right to a fair trial (Article 6 ECHR) and in some cases freedom of expression (Article 10 ECHR).
The case law on corporate “rights” at the Inter-American Court of Human Rights has not developed in the same way as its European counterpart. The American Convention on Human Rights (ACHR) explicitly denies protection for “legal persons”. There have, however, been cases in the Inter-American Court that allow shareholders to pursue the protection of interests in lieu of the “corporation”.
A key case is Cantos v Argentina (2002), in which the applicant petitioned the commission and then the court, seeking the indirect protection of their companies. The case involved the owner of a large business group and its principal shareholder which suffered losses after administrative and accounting documents were seized without being inventoried.
Cantos petitioned the commission seeking compensation. The commission asserted “… in general, the rights and obligations attributed to companies become rights and obligations for the individuals who compromise them or who act in their name”. In other words, the commission recognised the rights of the company vicariously through the shareholder. Thus, while legal persons (corporations) may not petition it directly, the court nonetheless protects the corporation's interests by sometimes granting the right to shareholders to petition on behalf of a corporation.
So both the Inter-American and European jurisdictions consider shareholders' interests to be pre-eminent – either upheld directly as individual shareholders' rights, or vicariously as “corporate rights”. This raises an unsolvable contradiction – shareholders are rights-holders without having any corresponding responsibility for the potential human rights violations committed by the company in which they have invested.
Marian Weyo/Shutterstock
In other words, in human rights law, as Canadian law professor Harry Glasbeek observes: “[Shareholders] have no responsibility for what is done, to whom or to what injury is done. They are legally immune and socially irresponsible.”
Right to profit
This contradiction has been played out in the UN arena for more than four decades. As we note in our new book on the subject, attempts by countries in the Global North to view corporations as rights holders have a long history.
In the initial phases of the development of a UN Code of Conduct for Transnational corporations in the 1970s, the rich nations of the Global North sought protections against losses by their corporations in the demand for what was called a “treatment standard”. This “treatment standard” was to give their transnational corporations (TNCs) the right to protection from discriminatory or other potentially damaging treatment by host states.
The fundamental coordinates of this assumption – that corporations have a “right” to development and therefore a “right” to profit – can be found in the debate going on today at the UN Human Rights Council.
As it develops its new treaty standard on business and human rights, the UN Human Rights Council needs to be aware of some profound contradictions. How can we, as human persons, accept the principle that is upheld in the human rights courts – that corporations can use human rights courts to pursue decisions that ultimately enhance the profitability of business rather than human dignity, freedom or equality? What is the point of human rights law if not to protect humans?
If those are largely rhetorical questions, they do identify the core contradiction that frames human rights law: that human rights is used to guarantee that corporate profiteering continues without interruption.
Manuel Lanzini likes the look of the Olympic Stadium. They can see themselves pulling on their boots in this home dressing room next season for a big game rather than sitting down to conduct this interview.
They can visualise stepping out in claret and blue into the arena with its iconic triangular floodlight stands, although they know the playing surface will be in better condition than it was on their recent tour of West Ham's new home.
The Olympic Stadium was virtually empty, but they can appreciate the beauty of a silenced sporting venue as the man responsible for once stopping the noise at La Bombonera, with a goal for River Plate against Boca Juniors in the Buenos Aires derby.
West Ham midfielder is relishing the opportunity to play in the club's new Olympic Stadium next season
Lanzini took to the pitch during a recent tour of West Ham's future home having joined the club last summer
West Ham trio Lanzini, Aaron Cresswell (left) and Reece Oxford (right) inspect the design of the new stadium
West Ham will move into their new 54,000-seater arena ready for the start of the 2016/17 campaign
‘You could not hear a thing except for our players shouting,' said Lanzini. ‘Our fans were not there. As a team we went in on our own. It felt like there were only us and we were telling them all to stay quiet. It was an incredible feeling.
‘I scored there twice. The first goal was the fastest in Superclasico history. I scored after 42 seconds, a header. Our fans were there for that one. For the second, our fans were not there, they were not allowed to go to the away games. I actually preferred that goal.
‘The match is so widely followed, everything is River-Boca for a week, leading up to it. You're really thinking about the game and people are phoning you. Then you arrive at the ground and anything you can imagine they would throw at the bus. It's a crazy experience.'
Lanzini was born near Buenos Aires and raised a River Plate supporter, joining the club at nine, and making their first-team debut at 17. They were compared to Pablo Aimar for their slight build, vision and touch, and nicknamed La Joya — The Jewel.
‘Aimar was my hero,' said Lanzini. ‘He came through the youth ranks and had more or less the same position. I watched them often, partly because it was a pleasure — the way they moved the ball and got the team going — and partly because people said we had similar styles. I homed in on them for that.'
At West Ham, it did not take long to make an impression with a flurry of goals and assists early in the season, having arrived on loan from Al Jazira in the United Arab Emirates. There is a deal in place for the 22-year-old Argentine to make the move permanent next year.
Lanzini joined boyhood club River Plate at the age of nine and went on to score against rivals Boca Juniors
Lanzini's hero growing up was Pablo Aimar (pictured in 1999) who went on to play for Valencia and Benfica
LANZINI'S FAB FOUR Only Dimitri Payet (with five) has scored more league goals for West H am this season than Lanzini, who has found the net against Liverpool, Crystal Palace, Everton and Spurs.
‘There were several offers to come to Europe,' said Lanzini. ‘All were sort of loan deals and West Ham was the best for me. It is a well-organised club where I can develop as a footballer and a human being. There's a great group of players with several Spanish speakers, and coaching staff with faith in me who give me confidence.
‘London is one of the great cities of the world, everyone wants to see it. The Premier League is fast and dynamic, it suits my game. It has all made the adaptation process easier. I'm very comfortable here.'
It took a thigh injury to halt their progress but Lanzini is recovering well and should be back in action at some stage over the festive period.
‘It was a blow because I was in good form and playing consistently,' they said. ‘It is like starting again after an injury.'
Lanzini, pictured celebrating after socring against Liverpool at Anfield, has impressed since arriving on loan
Lanzini has been sidelined due to a thigh injury but it is hoped they will make a comeback over Christmas
Manager Slaven Bilic will welcome them back. West Ham have not scored since their last game, at West Bromwich Albion on November 29.
Bilic had tried to lure Lanzini to Besiktas last year when they decided to leave Argentina, but they opted for Abu Dhabi at a time when the UAE league was trying to rebrand as a stepping stone to big things, rather than a pay-day for has-beens.
Lanzini thrived under Belgian coach Eric Gerets, scoring twice on their debut. They ended the campaign with seven but was involved in 70 per cent of Al Jazira's goals, playing in behind former Juventus and Roma striker Mirko Vucinic.
West Ham boss Slaven Bilic has long admired Lanzini having also tried to sign the playmaker at Besiktas
Lanzini moved to Abu Dhabi to join Al Jazira in 2014 and admits they used the switch as a stepping stone
‘We knew as soon as they arrived that they wouldn't stay long,' said Liam Weeks, Al Jazira's head of performance analysis and sports science, who plays a central role in the club's recruitment strategy.
‘The Middle East used to be a graveyard for players but that's started to change. We want players in their prime who want to progress, not just those who come for the pay-cheque and to relax.
‘So it makes it difficult to keep a player when someone comes in from Europe like West Ham. There is still a keen interest here in Lanzini. They were popular. They all follow them and talk about him.'
Gerets was replaced earlier this year by Brazilian Abel Braga, back for a second spell at Al Jazira and who worked with Lanzini during their year on loan at Fluminense. Braga had transfer targets and the UAE limit of three non-Asian players gave Bilic their chance to strike.
‘It was a good experience in Abu Dhabi,' said Lanzini. ‘It's on a different level to the Premier League or La Liga, or the Argentinian league, but it's growing and they're putting a lot of money in.
‘It was a decision I made with my family. I tried to use it as a step to Europe, and to help me develop and learn, playing with high-level footballers. I was 21 and looked up to experienced players like Vucinic and Jucilei, who has played in Brazil and Russia.'
Weeks is certain Lanzini has the talent to make it to the very top, and is capable of playing in the Champions League.
On the Olympic Stadium tour, Lanzini, Aaron Cresswell and Reece Oxford were sidetracked by a large computer-generated print of West Ham in action against Real Madrid. Diafra Sakho was celebrating a goal. Cristiano Ronaldo had their hands on their knees in despair.
‘Anything is possible in football,' said Lanzini. ‘It's a strange game. If you're willing to put in the hard work anything is possible.
Lanzini thrived under Belgian manager Eric Gerets and found the net twice on their debut for Al Jazira
Lanzini revealed they learned a lot playing with experienced forwards like former Juventus striker Mirko Vucinic
Cresswell and Oxford look at the the computer-generated print of West Ham in action against Real Madrid
‘That has been the case for the club with this great stadium and signing some great players. We hope more great players will be coming in.
‘I hope to be sitting here next season in this dressing room. It's what I want. When you're at a club and feeling like you have an important role, you want to stay. But I am focused on this season. I have six or seven months of my loan to run so we'll see what happens.
‘This is going to give West Ham a boost. As a stadium, it's fantastic — the facilities around the complex.
‘It will be great for the players and fans alike. I hope we can do our bit to live up to the setting.'
Mike Huckabee just told CBN: “One of the things I find most interesting is that generally Evangelicals are so much more supportive of Israel than the American Jewish community.”
This is true on many levels. But it also gets at deeper issues. One of which is the inability of the Republican party to attract substantial numbers of Jewish voters. This is treated as odd by many political observers, reasoning that the GOP has adopted such hard line positions on the Arab-Israeli conflict that surely this should lead to an increasing number of American Jews voting for the Republican party.Some would say that the failure is explained by the fact that Jews are Americans and they've got a lot of other issues that matter to them beside Israel. Which is, of course, true. And needless to say, moonbat wailing to the contrary notwithstanding, the Democratic party is also extremely pro-Israel in its policies.
But the nature of GOP support for Israel is simply not aimed at or shaped by the support of Jewish voters. It's support is aimed at a vastly larger evangelical Christian constituency. And the aims, mores, values, etc. of each group are profoundly different. (The most obvious difference is that American Jews tend to support Israel because of a mix of nationalism, ethnic identification, religious belief and democratic values while the religious right tends to support Israel because its existence will hasten the apocalypse when God will vanquish the Jews en masse in hellfire and turn Israel into a vast evangelical theme park. So the two groups sort of come at the issue from different perspectives.)
At one level, this is obvious: we know the religious right is a huge constituency for uber-hawk policies on Israel. But I'm not sure we think through its implications as clearly or as deeply as we might.
Discussion: The Year In Music (So Far), 2014
toggle caption Courtesy of the artists
On this week's show, hosts Bob Boilen and Robin Hilton are joined by NPR Music's Stephen Thompson to recount their favorite music from the first six months of 2014. They spin the ferocious punk energy of Perfect Pussy, the magnetic vocals of Broken Twin, absurdly catchy electro-pop from Sylvan Esso and much more.
Bob opens the show with a cut from their favorite new band of 2014, the San Francisco-based seven-piece group known as The Family Crest. The band makes music on an epic scale, with stunning vocals and a multitude of instruments. Stephen then beats Robin to the punch to claim Perfect Pussy as their favorite new band of the year, with the song "Driver," two minutes of howling vocals and surging guitars from the Syracuse band's debut album Say Yes to Love.
Later in the show Robin returns the favor by snagging Sturgill Simpson as their biggest surprise of the year. "Turtles All the Way Down" finds the country singer examining cosmic questions with their heart-wrenching voice and classic country arrangements. Also on the show: A fuzzy rock number from the often-hushed singer Angel Olsen; The German band The Notwist has Stephen's favorite song of the year in "Kong;" The band Nothing rumbles and shakes with glorious noise-rock; Damien Jurado's flamingo-tinged "Silver Timothy" explodes into a synth-fueled jam and much, much more.
Denver B-Cycle was named one of the top five most innovative transportation companies by Fast Company magazine.
The business magazine's rankings, which came out in March, listed the Denver bike-sharing program fifth on their Top 10 list.
Fast Company said the high ranking was “for bringing the first large-scale bike-sharing system to the U.S.”
Fast Company added: “B-Cycle made its debut on Earth Day 2010, bringing 400 bikes to 40 docking stations in Denver. In just one month, more than 3,000 people had used the system. B-cycle now lets users check out bikes with credit cards and monitor real-time availability on iPhones.”
The rankings came out a day before B-Cycles kicked off their second season on March 15 with 500 bikes and 50 docking stations.
During the first B-Cycle season the program logged 102,981 rides totaling 211,111 miles around Denver.
Boulder is also looking to start their own B-Cycle program.
Nissan, Azul, IBM and General Electric were the four companies ranked ahead of Denver B-Cycles.
See the full rankings at FastCompany.com.
Mitchell Byars: mbyars@denverpost.com
A private member's bill seeking to modernize Canada's animal welfare laws is coming under fire for the bill's potential to dramatically change how hunters, anglers and farmers operate.
Currently making its way through parliament is private member's Bill C-246, drafted by Liberal MP Nathaniel Erskine-Smith from Toronto.
Key points in the bill would stop shark fin imports as well as end the sale and trade of cat and dog fur.
According to Erskine-Smith, Canada imported over 135,000 kilograms of shark fins last year alone, and Canada represents about two per cent of the shark fin consumption in the world.
But digging deeper into the bill, critics like Conservative MP Robert Sopuck from Dauphin, Man., said beyond ending shark finning and the cat and dog fur trade, the bill is unnecessary.
Conservative MP Robert Sopuck challenges a new private member's bill seeking to modernize laws around animal welfare. (Courtesy of Robert Sopuck) "I think it's a Trojan horse that masks an agenda to eliminate all animal-use," said Sopuck, adding this bill could affect hunters, anglers, farmers and even stretch as far as the medical health research sector, who use animals for research.
Sopuck said 60 per cent of Canada's heart and stroke research is done on animals and they feel this bill would directly affect a researcher's capability to use animals because someone may file a complaint citing animal cruelty violations.
But Erskine-Smith said animals used for medical research would not be affected whatsoever by this bill.
Being a hunter himself, Sopuck said some view hunting and the practices of hunters as cruelty to animals, and they ask what's going to stop hunters from facing charges after putting down an animal.
"Our animal welfare legislation is as good as it is," Sopuck said.
Nathaniel Erskine-Smith, the MP for Beaches-East York, introduced a private member's bill that seeks to strengthen Canada's animal protection laws. (nerskine-smith.liberal.ca) The Toronto MP said the intention is not to change how hunters hunt or how farmers farm, nor to change how people use animals. They said it's simply a bill that protects animals from negligible abuse and cruelty.
"This bill is by no means intended to affect hunting, fishing and farming, generally accepted animal-use practices," they said.
The new bill would simply treat animals the same under one part of the criminal code offences.
"It also modernizes the negligence offence, treating animal cruelty the same way we treat any other negligible offence," Erskine-Smith said.
Erskine-Smith's said Bill C-246 will go for second reading this fall, and if the bill goes to committee, he's agreed to consult stakeholders on the language of the bill.
"If we have concerns about unintended consequences in the language, my intention is not to affect accepted animal-use practices, so let's fix the language so it doesn't."
A group of Christian “pro-decency” activists are claiming that Satan is to blame for graham cracker commercials featuring happy same-sex couples.
A recent ad titled “This Is Wholesome” from the graham cracker company Honey Maid celebrates fathers of all types: single dads, military dads, dads with punk-rock hair and, yes, gay dads too.
With diversity becoming standard fare in marketing, most Americans probably didn't think twice about the advertisement.
But it didn't take American Family Association's faux-grassroots group One Million Moms long to launch a boycott of Honey Grahams.
And this week, the crusaders over at the American Decency Association joined the movement, but added their own religious spin.
“When I think of graham crackers I think of the camping I may do this summer and the smores I might eat around a campfire,” the group wrote on its website. “Apparently Nabisco and I have a fondness for different things now… Nabisco wants to change definitions like family and wholesome.”
“Satan wants us to see sin as normal and not so bad,” the group said. “He delights in taking what God has made ‘good' and was meant to glorify God and change it, counterfeit it, making it to please Satan themselves instead of the Creator God. The fallen one desires men to see themselves as gods, having to answer to no one but themselves.”
The group added that Satan was twisting words like “wholesome” and “family,” and they had “hijacked” the rainbow symbol so that LGBT could use it.
“Satan calls it normal; God calls it sin,” the group insisted. We live in a day when ‘evil' is called ‘good' and ‘good' is called ‘evil.'”
Watch the original advertisement below from Honey Maid.
(CNN) There's a long list of reasons why Republicans' plan to overhaul the nation's tax system is going to be complicated this fall.
Actually, tax reform is always complicated. The last time it was signed into law was in 1986.
Fast-forward 31 years, and the conditions for smooth sailing on this issue haven't gotten any easier. In fact, there's a hashtag used by tax policy wonks, #TRIH, an acronym for "Tax reform is hard."
So far there is no bill with specifics on how exactly the White House and Republicans intend to accomplish tax reform. The White House released a one-page blueprint earlier this year , and it teamed up late last month with congressional leaders to release a broad set of principles.
The White House says it will be working behind the scenes during the August recess to get the House and Senate on the same page before a bill goes for a committee mark-up in September, with the ultimate goal to send a bill to the President's desk by mid-November.
And Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said last week the goal was to finish tax reform "sometime this year."
That's an extremely fast timeline considering how complicated tax reform is and how partisan gridlock has already resulted in multiple stalemates this year, from nominations to health care.
Not to mention, there's a host of other issues and deadlines that Congress will face this fall that have the potential to derail or at least delay tax reform.
Here's a look at just a few.
Budget
McConnell said last week that they plan to use reconciliation to pass tax reform, a method that would allow the Republicans, who hold a 52-48 majority, to advance the bill with 51 votes only, rather than the usual 60.
This strategy allows Republicans to pass a bill without any help from Democrats.
But to use reconciliation, Congress would first have to pass a budget for 2018. The Senate can use reconciliation only once per fiscal year, and Republicans already used it the 2017 fiscal year trying to pass health care.
The House has been busy debating a budget, but its Republican majority is seeing ideological splits between conservatives and moderates. While the House budget committee approved a budget last month, it didn't go to the floor before lawmakers left for the August recess.
So the issue is awaiting continued debate when they return in September, but it's unclear when exactly the House will pass the budget (though it faces a deadline of September 30, when the current fiscal year ends).
And even after that, it still has to pass the Senate. Intra-party divides exist there, too.
Debt ceiling
Another urgent matter for Congress when it returns will be a deadline at the end of the month to raise the debt ceiling to avoid default . That issue will undoubtedly take up time from key players in the tax reform debate -- like Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and congressional leaders heavily involved in fiscal matters.
(That deadline, however, is just Mnuchin's best estimate as to when Treasury will face a cash crunch, meaning it won't have enough cash and revenue on hand to pay all the country's bills in full and on time. The actual date could turn out to be somewhat earlier or later, since revenue inflows and outflows aren't entirely predictable.)
A week before recess, Mnuchin was on Capitol Hill to work with Senate leaders toward an agreement, but nothing was announced before lawmakers left town.
Debt ceiling showdowns in the past have evolved into bitter fights over spending. Mnuchin is currently pushing for a "clean" debt ceiling hike -- meaning an agreement to raise the debt limit without any extra conditions attached.
But Republicans, especially fiscal conservatives, want to see spending cuts to go along with any debt increase. Getting enough Democrats on board for that could prove tricky, since those spending cuts are often proposed for massive programs like Medicaid and Medicare, which have large and vocal activist groups that mobilize to fight such fights -- as they did in the health care debate.
Health care
While the House passed a health care bill earlier this year, the overall failure by Congress to send a bill to the President's desk doesn't bode well for another major legislative task like tax reform. It showed that even though Republicans are in power and share common goals, they don't always agree on the fine print.
The President has made public comments that they still want Congress to focus on repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act -- former President Barack Obama's signature domestic legislation also known as Obamacare -- to uphold a major campaign promise that Trump and other Republicans made for years.
A few senators closely linked to health care have had recent one-on-one meetings with the President, but Republicans didn't come close to reaching a consensus on their next health care step before they left for the August recess last week.
The Senate health committee is scheduled to hold hearings when it returns in September on stabilizing the markets and enforcing current provisions in Obamacare. Depending on how much oxygen that takes up and how involved the President gets in pushing for another push on repeal-and-replace, tax reform could struggle to break through.
But Republicans were also hoping for a health care win in part to help make the transition to tax reform a bit smoother. By repealing Obamacare, they would have nixed some or all of the taxes on the wealthy that were being used to pay for it -- worth about $800 billion.
Now there's some pressure on Republicans to use tax reform to rid of those same taxes. But that looks highly unlikely. For one, even if they eliminated the taxes, Republicans would have a gaping hole in revenue to continue funding Obamacare.
That challenge would be in addition to the pending battle to offset the list of tax cuts that the White House and congressional Republicans are hoping to make in tax reform.
How to pay for it?
On top of timeline issues are debates over how to pay for any potential package. Democrats and some Republicans have insisted that the bill must not add to the deficit , meaning any tax cuts must be paid for.
To make a bill "revenue neutral," which means tax cuts would be offset through other methods involving the tax code, like closing up loopholes and deductions, for example.
To make it "deficit neutral," that would entail raising the money through spending cuts in other parts of government, which can be a large ambition to take on, especially after passing a budget where cuts were also likely made.
Earlier this year, McConnell said tax reform would have to be revenue neutral, but it's unclear what path Republicans will take on this since the White House hasn't laid out how they plan to offset the loss of revenue from tax cuts.
If they choose not to lay out ways to make up the revenue, then that could spark pushback not only from Democrats, but also from conservative Republicans and deficit hawks.
If the White House and Republican leadership go with the revenue neutral path, as McConnell suggested, then they'll start looking at potential deductions to get rid of. That path in itself is a potential landmine field, given the wide array of deductions and the various special interest groups and lobbyists who will be fighting to keep them in place.
"I'm going to talk about something now that sort of splits the crowd a little bit," Australian comedian Jim Jefferies says. "Gun control."
"Don't get excited," they continue, "because the other people have guns!"
"Shhhhh."
In this hilarious act, Jefferies says they believe in the right of Americans to have guns, but seems skeptical of the argument -- often made by gun rights activists often claim -- that Americans need guns for their own security.
"In Australia we had guns, right up until 1996. In 1996 Australia had the biggest massacre on earth. Still hasn't been beaten," Jefferies says. "Now after that they banned guns. Now in the 10 years before Port Arthur, there were 10 massacres. Since the gun ban in 1996, there hasn't been a single massacre since. I don't know how or why this happened. Maybe it was a coincidence."
Jefferies explained that they understand, however, that Australia and America are different places.
I understand that Australia and America are too vastly different cultures with two vastly different people. In Australia we had the biggest massacre on earth and the Australian government went, "That's it, no more guns!" And we all went, "Yeah, right, then, that seems fair enough." Now in America, you have the Sandy Hook Massacre where tiny little children died and your government went, "Maybe, we'll get rid of big guns." And 50 percent of you said, "[Expletive] you, don't take my guns!" 1 of 38    Full Screen  Autoplay  Close Advertisement Skip Ad ×   Shootings in Newtown, Conn.  View Photos Shooter kills 27 people, including 20 children at elementary school, before killing himself. Caption Shooter kills 27 people, including 20 children at elementary school, before killing himself. -- Dec. 14, 2012 | Rajarshi Roy, left, Meggin Rose and their son, Sam Rose Davidoff, 11, attend a candlelight vigil in Takoma Park to honor the victims of the Newtown, Conn., school massacre. ( Sarah L. Voisin/The Washington Post )  Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Despite all that, Jefferies says in the stand-up routine, the real reason gun owners want guns is just because they like them. That's okay, but it doesn't mean that guns should be legal, they say. Some people like taking drugs or driving at 100 miles an hour, and can be perfectly safe and responsible while doing so, but other irresponsible people have ruined those things for them.
new study by the Violence Policy Center, a gun control advocacy group, notes that, when guns kill people, they are overwhelmingly used for murder rather than self-defense. In 2008-2012, the report says, guns were used in 42,419 criminal homicides and only 1,108 justifiable homicides -- defined as the killing of a felon during the commission of a felony by a private citizen.
Jefferies' routine offers a window into how American attitudes toward guns look to many people outside of the U.S. Jefferies warns that about 10 percent of those who watch this video will be seething at it.
Advertisement GET IT
Also, a warning: The video has adult language. Don't play too loudly at work or around kids!
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback.
One of Jefferies' quotes in this story has been corrected.
During the currently still-ongoing quarterly earnings call for Disney's shareholders, a question came up about the Netflix series as announced today.
I'll be honest, I don't recall exactly what the question was but the main thrust of the official answer regarded why Netflix were chosen as the broadcast partner here, and what we heard was vague – ie. Netflix are “the right choice.” An ancillary piece of information also given up was much more interesting, however.
It was made totally clear that ABC are currently developing another show with Marvel to go alongside Agents of SHIELD.
Now, this may well be the Agent Carter show that we've heard talk of but which has not been officially announced. Or maybe it won't. In any case, there's an admission that Marvel TV Studios have another ABC show in the works. Not a surprise, but worth note.
And it's also worth noting that there's just one.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Why political science can drive political scientists to drink
Yesterday an amendment to the continuing resolution funding the U.S. government, sponsored by Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, was passed by a voice vote in the Senate. Its purpose?
To prohibit the use of funds to carry out the functions of the Political Science Program in the Division of Social and Economic Sciences of the Directorate for Social, Behavioral, and Economic Sciences of the National Science Foundation, except for research projects that the Director of the National Science Foundation certifies as promoting national security or the economic interests of the United States.
Now, from a pure material interest perspective, this should make me happy. I've never received a dime in NSF funding, and I'm sitting on a pretty good grant for the next 5-10 years, so from a strictly relative gains perspective, I acquire more influece in the discipline. Furthermore, the national security exemption means that whatever scraps the NSF throws to political science will go to my preferred subfields like international relations and comparative politics.
The thing is, though, that I love political science. I want to see more quality research being done, and the NSF cutoff pushes things in the opposite direction. So I'm not happy.
If I'm displeased, however, then I think it's safe to say that the American Political Science Association is galactically pissed off at this outcome:
Adoption of this amendment is a gross intrusion into the widely-respected, independent scholarly agenda setting process at NSF that has supported our world-class national science enterprise for over sixty years. The amendment creates an exceptionally dangerous slippery slope. While political science research is most immediately affected, at risk is any and all research in any and all disciplines funded by the NSF. The amendment makes all scientific research vulnerable to the whims of political pressure. Adoption of this amendment demonstrates a serious misunderstanding of the breadth and importance of political science research for the national interest and its integral place on the nation's interdisciplinary scientific research agenda. Singling out any one field of science is short-sighted and misguided, and poses a serious threat to the independence and integrity of the National Science Foundation. And shackling political science within the national science agenda is a remarkable embarrassment for the world's exemplary democracy.
I've blogged at length in the past on the substantive reasons why a cutoff of NSF funds for political science is really, really, stupid. Another post on that question won't change things. And I vented my frustration at the willful ignorance of Senator Coburn yesterday, so there's no reason to go there now. Yesterday, however, there was rollicking debate on Twitter about the need for political scientists to, well, be better at politics. Folks such as Phil Arena, Jay Ulfelder, William Winecoff, and Jacob Levy observed that APSA's tactical response to Coburn's folly — encouraging APSA members to email Congress and so forth — was pretty lame. Only if we used the Dark Arts of political science knowledge could we somehow stymie the Senator from Oklahoma.
Here's the thing, though — while I'm no expert in American politics, I think I know enough of the Dark Arts to know that we could have the best arguments in the world and still recognize that political science is good and truly f**ked.
From a straight interest group perspective political scientists don't matter. At all. The NSF funding for political science is a $13 million appropriation spread out geographically. There is no concentrated interest in a particular congressional district or state to motivate a member of Congress to fight for this issue with as much ardor as Tom Coburn or Jeff Flake.
Now, one could argue that if you believe in epistemic communities — i.e., the power of collective expertise — to influence uninformed members of Congress, then maybe political scientists could function as Weberian activists and educate members about the inherent value of political science. The thing is, as I've argued previously, politicians and pundits do not think of politics as a scientific enterprise. Maybe a few pundits developed a new appreciaion for statistics following the 2012 election, but that's not quite the same thing. So an epistemic community of political scientists won't cut it. Hell, all social scientists would be unlikely to persuade the Senate — remember, this is a body that was copacetic with a Senator blocking a Nobel Prize winning economist from sitting on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. Maybe we could logroll with all the natural and physical sciences too, but if the past decade of climate change policy has proven anything, it's that this won't work terribly well.
Another gambit would be to move public opinion on this issue to the point where Congress had no choice but to accede to the masses … except the masses likely support the cuts. A mass public that believes the foreign aid budget is a thousand times larger than it actually is likely believes that cutting NSF funding of political science goes a long way toward tackling the deficit. Furthermore, as Brendan Nyhan and Jason Reifler's research shows, it's next to impossible to correct that misperception.
There are three other ways for political scientists to alter the status quo — but each of them has issues:
1) A political scientist needs to come up with a killer scientific breakthrough that really advances knowledge in the field in an unambiguous manner. We're talking something Nobel-worthy. Oh, wait, Elinor Ostrom already did that, and it didn't matter. Never mind…
2) A political scientist needs to develop a predictive model that's so powerful that it yields substantial profit — to the point where the political scientists can afford to set up an endowment that substitutes for NSF funding. The thing is, there already are political scientists who have thrived in the private sector — but I'm not seeing enough cabbage being earned to create endowments.
3) Finally, maybe a trained political scientist could just run for the Senate, get elected, and apply the necessary counterweight to Coburn et al … except that one of Coburn's co-sponsors is Arizona first-year student Senator Jeff Flake, who has — wait for it — an M.A. in political science.
Am I missing anything, or is political science good and truly f**ked?
UPDATE: OK, there's one other possibility that could theoretically shift the status quo. Suppose a rival great power — say, a country that rhymes with "Dinah" — were to suddenly throw around huge research $$$ to develop a comparative advantage in poli sci. Say that the money was so good that it started to attract the cream of the political science crop. That might spur Congress to freak out about the existence of a political science gap.
So, any political scientists sitting on fat research offers from China — now is the time to accept them.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. lawmaker who was President Donald Trump's pick for drug czar withdrew on Tuesday after a report they spearheaded a bill that hurt the government's ability to crack down on opioid makers flooding the market with the addictive painkillers.
Trump had pegged Representative Tom Marino, a Republican from Pennsylvania, to lead the Office of National Drug Control Policy, as the administration faces an epidemic of opioid overdoses that is killing tens of thousands of Americans annually. The position required Senate confirmation.
Trump wrote on Twitter: “Rep. Tom Marino has informed me that they are withdrawing their name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!”
Marino worked as a federal prosecutor under Republican former President George W. Bush, was elected to the House of Representatives in 2010 and served on Trump's transition team after the Republican president was elected last November.
Marino said in a statement they had decided to “remove the distraction my nomination has created to the utterly vital mission of this premier agency.”
They defended their role in helping pass the bill that was criticized for weakening attempts to rein in opioid use. They said the legislation would help create “a balanced solution for ensuring those who genuinely needed access to certain medications were able to do so, while also empowering the Drug Enforcement Agency to enforce the law and prevent the sale and abuse of prescription drugs.”
Marino said they had been the target of “unfair reporting” and false allegations by a former DEA employee, who they did not name.
The Washington Post and the CBS program “60 Minutes” published an investigation on Sunday that showed Marino had worked to weaken federal efforts to slow the flow of opioid drugs.
The legislation championed by Marino, which was passed by Congress and signed into law last year by Democratic President Barack Obama, was the product of a drug industry quest to weaken the DEA's authority to stem the flow of painkillers to the black market, according to the report.
The law made it almost impossible for the DEA to freeze suspicious narcotics shipments, according to government documents cited by the Post.
A syringe filled a narcotic, an empty syringe and a spoon sit on the roof of a car, where a man in their 20's overdosed on opioids in Lynn, Massachusetts, U.S., August 14, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Trump has been criticized for their response to the opioid epidemic. They have yet to declare it a national emergency as they pledged to do on Aug. 10 following a recommendation by a presidential commission.
Asked about that at a news conference on Monday, Trump said they would make the declaration next week. Such a move would boost funding for various forms of treatment and give the government more flexibility in taking steps to expedite action.
Nine months into their presidency, Trump has not named a chief for the Drug Enforcement Administration, currently headed by an acting administrator.
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, opioids were responsible for more than 33,000 U.S. deaths in 2015, the latest year for which data is available. Estimates show the death rate has continued rising.
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer called Marino's withdrawal “the right decision,” but added that “the fact that they were nominated in the first place is further evidence that when it comes to the opioid crisis, the Trump administration talks the talk, but refuses to walk the walk.”
NEW INDICTMENTS
No. 2 U.S. Justice Department official Rod Rosenstein, asked about the Marino-backed law during a news conference announcing indictments against accused Chinese fentanyl traffickers, said the Trump administration would review the law.
Rosenstein said they were “not prepared to answer” whether the administration would ask Congress to repeal it.
“We are going to look into these issues ... about what tools DEA has available to it. And if we conclude they don't have the appropriate tools, then we will seek more tools,” Rosenstein said.
The Justice Department announced the indictments of two major Chinese drug traffickers on charges of illegally making and selling fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic opioid painkiller, over the internet to Americans.
Slideshow (3 Images)
The department said it charged Xiaobing Yan, 40, and Jian Zhang, 38, with conspiring to distribute large quantities of fentanyl and chemically similar drugs. It said Zhang's actions led to four deaths.
Trump's opioid commission, headed by Republican New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, cited government data showing that since 1999 U.S. opioid overdoses have quadrupled, adding that nearly two-thirds of U.S. drug overdoses were linked to opioids such as heroin and the powerful painkillers Percocet, OxyContin and fentanyl.
Taking into account the possibility of an Israeli attack on Iran during the 2012 Summer Games, the Olympic committee in charge of the London event has formed a special team to prepare for the contingency.
According to the Hebrew daily Yedioth Ahronoth on Wednesday., the team — consisting of politicians, diplomats, security officials and organizing committee personnel — wrote in a report that such a strike was entirely possible.
Yedioth reported that the team was also preparing for the possibility of an earthquake or volcanic eruption.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
England is thought to be within the range of Iranian missiles and UK officials believe that a military confrontation between Jerusalem and Tehran could involve the country against its will.
The special team listed a number of steps that would need to be taken in the event of such a conflict, among them: opening a special command center, providing secret safe houses for foreign leaders wishing to meet for diplomatic purposes, and preparing for emergency evacuations of dignitaries.
The team said England would have to guarantee the safety of the athletes and the continuation of the Games, as well as make sure Israeli and Iranian athletes are kept away from each other.
Yedioth reported that the recommendations were passed on to the police, who practiced dealing with the mass protests that could erupt if war broke out.
Image copyright AP Image caption Prosecutors say Matanov lied to investigators about how well they knew Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev (above)
Authorities in the US state of Massachusetts have charged a Kyrgyzstan national with lying to police and destroying evidence in the Boston bombings investigation.
Khairullozhon Matanov, 23, spoke to the suspects accused of the bombing in the days after the attack, prosecutors say.
Mr Matanov is not accused of a role in the bombings or of knowing of the plot.
The blasts at the finish line of the Boston Marathon killed three people and hurt more than 260 on 15 April 2013.
In a statement, the US attorney's office in Boston said that in the days after the bombing, Mr Matanov realised the FBI would want to interview them because of their ties to Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the bombing suspects, and because they shared their "philosophical justification for violence".
Prosecutors say Mr Matanov deleted information from their computer and lied to FBI investigators about their relationship with the brothers.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 20, has pleaded not guilty to terrorism charges in connection with the bombing and is awaiting trial. Their brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, was killed in a shoot-out with police four days after the attack.
'Supported' bombing
Mr Matanov, a taxi driver who arrived in the US legally in 2010 and lives in Quincy, Massachusetts, is scheduled to appear in court on Friday.
According to prosecutors, Mr Matanov had known the brothers prior to the bombings, spoke to both several times after the explosions, and took them out to dinner the evening after the attack.
"In the days following the bombings, Matanov continued to express support for the bombings, although later that week they said that maybe the bombings were wrong," the federal prosecutors wrote in an indictment filed on Friday.
After the FBI released photos of the brothers identifying them as suspects, Mr Matanov attempted to call Tamerlan Tsarnaev several times, prosecutors said.
They eventually drove to a local police station, where they told officers they knew Tamerlan Tsarnaev but lied about how well, prosecutors said.
A detective there told them they would likely be contacted by the FBI, and in response, Mr Matanov allegedly deleted hundreds of files from their computer and their internet history.
Mr Matanov was soon interviewed by agents with the FBI who also seized their computer. According to the indictment, they lied during several interviews with the federal investigators.
"Although Matanov soon dropped the pretence that they and Tamerlan Tsarnaev had not seen each other much, they continued to falsify, conceal, and cover up evidence of the extent of their friendship, contact and communication with the Tsarnaevs during the week of the bombings, especially during the hours following the bombings," it said.
Last year, police charged three university friends of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev with obstruction of justice in the bombing investigation.
Azamat Tazhayakov and Dias Kadyrbayev - both from Kazakhstan - allegedly threw away the younger Tsarnaev's laptop and backpack.
Robel Phillipos is accused of lying to investigators. None of the three are implicated in plotting the attacks.
Just days after it shot to the top of the Play Store, Android's newest ad blocker has been removed for violating developer guidelines. Called Adblock Fast, the plug-in from startup Rocketship Apps worked within Samsung's mobile browser thanks to a partnership with the phone maker, which opened an API this week allowing third-party developers to build content blocking features for the preinstalled Samsung Internet app.
According to Rocketship developer Brian Kennish, Google says Adblock Fast violates section 4.4 of of its Developer Distribution Agreement, which disallows apps or plugins offered through the Play Store from "interfering" or "disrupting" devices, networks, or services of third parties. Google confirmed to The Verge that it did remove Adblock Fast, but would not clarify why the content blocker was removed despite Samsung's open participation. Kennish provided this message from a representative at Google:
Hi Developers at Rocketship Apps, I reviewed Adblock Fast, com.rocketshipapps.adblockfast, and found that it violates section 4.4 of the Developer Distribution Agreement. This particular app has been disabled as a policy strike. Just as a reminder, you've agreed to follow the Google Play Developer Program Policies and additional enforcement could occur if there are further policy issues with your apps. If you've reviewed the policies and feel this rejection may have been in error, please reach out to our policy support team. One of my colleagues will get back to you within 2 business days. I appreciate your support of Google Play!
Since the removal of Adblock Fast, two other Android ad blocking plug-ins working with Samsung's browser have sprouted up: Crystal, the popular iOS ad blocker, and the well-known Adblock Plus. It's unclear if Google simply hasn't caught on to the competitors, or if Rocketship did something specifically to violate the Play Store guidelines in a way Crystal and Adblock Plus have not. Adblock Plus tried in 2013 to put out an Android ad blocker only to run into a similar issue, and the company was only recently allowed to distribute its app again, but only by bundling it within the company's own browser.
Ultimately, it appears Google will not allow any third-party app to block ads on another company's product, despite any participation between the two. Firefox allows ad blockers to be installed on its Android browser as plug-ins, but only through the browser itself. Samsung could similarly distribute Adblock Fast through its own preloaded app store on Galaxy devices. The company declined to comment for this story.
Google may not like ad blockers interfering with its business
Of course, Samsung is Google's biggest Android partner, adding a layer of tension to the dispute. Samsung is essentially asking its own partners to violate Play Store guidelines to support a feature Google may find harmful to its business of displaying and serving advertising. It's an especially thorny issue for Google, which has more recently made moves to stave off the decline of the mobile web in favor of apps, where the company cannot earn ad revenue as it does on mobile and web browsers through its dominant search engine.
Chivas USA is the butt of all jokes, except they are doing a good job now.
Chivas USA: David or One Hit Wonder? 5 2 Chivas USA is a joke and the butt of all jokes. Or so we thought...LA came into the stadium and everyone thought it was over already as they had just laid the smack down on Chicago in a 4-0 rout. Chivas USA was a different story, they walked in as an embarrassment to the league and have not been able to get out of that slump. However, the goats have shown signs of life against the LA Galaxy in the latest Home Depot Center derby, where the young squad proved to be too much for Robbie Keane and company.
When they tied against the Seattle Sounders in the week before, the reaction of many was "They got lucky" or "Seattle didn't show up". Indeed a David vs. Goliath moment took place last week but after getting a point against Seattle, is Chivas USA really a joke? Is this a sign of things to come? Chivas USA may not be the push-over that we all thought they were. Keep an eye out for this team in the future, especially with the Mexican manager, 'Chelis', in charge of the goats.
Many expected a blowout victory from Galaxy to Chivas and when the younger L.A. team suffered a red card, the light at the end of the tunnel began to get dimmer. Chivas USA had other things in mind though, as they fought harder than when the team's were even in numbers. Those who stayed to watch the game past the half got to enjoy a second comeback in a row by a promising Chivas side. As they say, Rome wasn't built in a day so we'll have to wait much longer to see if Chivas USA is really the David of the MLS or just a one hit wonder.
Chivas USA will face their older brother, Chivas of Guadalajara, on March 20th at 4:00PM PST, in a friendly that is sure to be an exciting fixture. Their next MLS encounter is an away match against the Chicago Fire and the weekend after that, they will try to obtain their first victory of the season against the Vancouver Whitecaps at the Home Depot Center. Tune in to see the evolution of the Chivas USA in the MLS.
Written by Will Porter.
Review of the Documentary – “Vietnam: American Holocaust”
Narrated by Martin Sheen, this 2008 film documents many American war crimes and atrocities committed during the Vietnam War. Although most of us are well aware of the grizzly treatment afforded the county's inhabitants, it's often useful to refresh one's memory, especially for those of us who are too young to remember, or weren't yet born. So before we get to the content of the documentary, let's briefly sketch out some context:
American involvement in the conflict began in 1950, when military advisers were sent to what was then known as French Indo-China, and continued to escalate into the 1960s. U.S. troop levels tripled in '61, and again in '62. From 1963 to 1968, American military personnel increased from 16,000 non-combat advisers, to 550,000, many with combat roles.
In 1964, the “Gulf of Tonkin Incident” took place, which involved two alleged North Vietnamese attacks on American destroyer USS Maddox, on August 2 and 4, 1964, in waters off the coast of North Vietnam. The first skirmish, while there remains disputeabout who initiated it, is recognized to have actually happened.
The second attack, on the other hand, almost certainly did not occur. Radar “phantoms” were mistakenly interpreted as hostile torpedo boats, and for about 3 hours the Maddoxand the Turner Joy took evasive actions and attempted a “counter-attack,” yet to no avail. There was nothing to attack.
Hours after the incident, Commander of Destroyer Division 192, Captain John Herrick, who was aboard the Maddox at the time, reported “Review of action makes many reported contacts and torpedoes fired appear doubtful. Freak weather effects on radar and overeager sonarmen may have accounted for many reports. No actual visual sightings by MADDOX. Suggest complete evaluation before any further action taken.”
Strangely, Herrick later changed their mind, and decided an attack did indeed take place on August 4. Navy Commander James Stockdale, who was ordered to prepare an airstrike on the North Vietnamese after the incident, lent support to Herrick's earlier report when they subsequently said “We were about to launch a war under false pretenses, in the face of the on-scene military commander's advice to the contrary.”
In a phone conversation recorded August 4 between President Lyndon Johnson and Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara, reference is made to the “second attack,”before it allegedly took place, as well as to what kind of reaction it would elicit from U.S. armed forces. Here there seems a fairly clear intent to maneuver the North Vietnamese into an overt act of war (a plan not without precedent), in order to justify escalated U.S. involvement in the burgeoning conflict.
Despite the confusion and uncertainty surrounding the second attack that never was, on August 10, 1964, the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution was signed into law, granting Johnson broad war making “authority,” without an official declaration of war from the Congress. Afterward, Johnson is alleged to have enthusiastically said that the Resolution “. . . was like Grandma's nightshirt. It covers everything.”
Apparently “everything” doesn't include the very foundation of American law. But I, of course, am a patriot. I would never expect the President to worry their already-fatigued mind with any such triflings as constitutions, or limitations on their own power. What are you, a communist?
So there we have it—we were in. Commence the bloodbath.
The war quickly, and illegally, bled over into neighboring countries Laos and Cambodia. Between 1964 and 1973, the U.S. flew approximately 600,000 bombing missions over Laos, where about 2.5 million tons of bombs were dropped.
Napalm, cluster bombs, Willie Pete, aka White Phosphorus (warning: graphic), Agent Orange: these were the characteristic tools of death and destruction used in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia.
2.4 tons of bombs were dropped on the Ho Chi Minh Trail alone, almost twice the amount the U.S. air force dropped on Germany during World War 2.
19 million gallons of herbicide was sprayed across some 30,000 square miles of South Vietnam—enough to blanket about 24% of the entire country (North and South combined)—with just under 8,000 square miles of jungle defoliated. Vietnam's Red Cross recorded 4.8 million people affected, and others estimate 400,000-500,000 children born with birth defects from the use of Agent Orange alone. This likely does not include the effects of Agents White, Blue, Green, Purple, and Pink, however, which were also used during the war.
The general M.O. of this conflict seems to have been: “Kill anything that moves,” or “Kill 'em all, let God sort 'em out.” Indeed, this is affirmed countless times throughout “American Holocaust,” wherein many veterans recount their experiences of burning entire villages to the ground, as well as bearing witness to, or taking part in, the rape, plunder, murder, and ultimate expulsion of the rest of their inhabitants.
The CIA's Phoenix Program, surrounded by allegations of torture and abuse, consigned over 26,000 Vietnamese to death in its search for “blacklisted” persons from 1968 to 1972.
The My Lai Massacre took place March 16, 1968, involving the mass killing of up to 504 human beings in the South Vietnamese village of My Lai (pronounced “Me Lie”). 26 soldiers from the Army's 23rd Infantry Division were eventually charged with criminal offenses, but Lt. William Calley Jr. was the only one convicted.
Highly decorated soldier of the Korean and Vietnam Wars, Colonel David Hackworth,stated in a 2003 interview that “Vietnam was an atrocity from the get-go… There were hundreds of My Lais. You got your card punched by the numbers of bodies you counted.” [Emphasis added]
The Winter Soldier Investigation of 1971, sponsored by anti-war group Vietnam Veterans Against the War, sought to spread knowledge of American war crimes and atrocities committed during the conflict. Over a period of 3 days, 109 war vets, as well as civilian contractors and medical personnel, gave testimony concerning the war crimes they had either witnessed, or took part in. Unfortunately, the event wasn't covered much outside of Detroit, where it was held, however a film documenting the affair was made and released in 1972.
All in all, somewhere between 3 and 5 million Vietnamese were killed during the war, with over 58,000 American military personnel dead (the youngest were just 16 years old), thousands MIA.
I have hardly even begun to scratch the surface here, this blog post does not do the conflict justice (if I may use such a term). The Vietnam war remains one of the darkest stains on America's already-black historical record. It is a significant landmark on America's path to global hegemony, a taste of the now-common disregard for the Constitution and Bill of Rights, for international law, and for the laws of war.
Men, women, children, elderly—virtually no distinction was made during much of the war. All were treated as enemies. American soldiers cursed the countryside of Southeast Asia like a plague, destroying countless lives, inflicting unfathomable suffering and despair upon a population of largely innocent people. America, once the beacon of freedom, prosperity, and civilization for the rest of the world, committed genocide in Vietnam, there is absolutely no question about that.
The 1975 fall of the city of Saigon marks the end of America's involvement in the conflict, after which the country moved toward reunification under the rule of the Communist Party of Vietnam. Communism didn't go anywhere, yet a veritable ocean of blood and bile were spilled for the purpose of containing it.
Millions of people dead, their families in grief, the destruction of entire societies, and for what? A few fat fucks got to revel in their own political legacy, while others reaped immense profits from fascistic (not capitalistic) military contracting work.
Yep, sounds about right.
War, a wise man once said, is a racket.
Note: This post could have been 10, 20, 30,000 words or longer. I know that a lot of important information was left out, I know this doesn't give a very complete picture of the conflict, but this is a blog, I can't let these posts get too long. Despite its brevity, though, I hope it can offer some valuable resources for further research, maybe a few facts you didn't know before.
Recommended reading:
“Cover-Up” – Seymour Hersh
“Kill Anything that Moves” – Nick Turse
Although these are still on my own To-Read list, I know they're good. Check 'em out.
If you enjoyed Will's writing, you can find them at their blog, The Market Radical
This special series focuses on important community issues, innovative solutions to societal challenges, and people and non-profit groups making an impact through technology.
Chris Creighton knows they don't look homeless.
Standing next to GiveSafe founder Jonathan Kumar, in a black blazer and gray button-down, Creighton could easily be mistaken for a co-founder of the Seattle tech startup. Instead, he's a beneficiary of its app, which enables cash-free donations to people living on the street.
Creighton works at a thrift store and keeps an eye out for nice clothes, like those they donned for GiveSafe's launch event at Impact Hub in Seattle Wednesday. They work hard to look presentable, despite obstacles like finding a shower and a safe place to sleep.
They recall a recent incident when GiveSafe helped them hold down their job. They were out of money and it had been three days since their last meal.
“I had nothing left,” they say, their large eyes pensive. “No other resources. I was considering stealing my co-worker's food from the break room because my stomach was hurting terribly and, that night, I was able to get food and I was able to get hygiene products. That might be why I still have my job.”
Creighton sleeps in their ex-girlfriend's Kia Spectra. He's been homeless for two years and, though he's managed to hold down steady employment, finding a place to live has proven to be more challenging. They feel squeezed out of Seattle's rental market, which has become increasingly competitive and expensive due to an influx of high-paid tech workers.
“Making money in this city doesn't seem like it's ever been a problem. If you really, really try, there's a job out there for you. Getting accepted into a place to live here now that the rent keeps going up higher and higher?” That, they say, is another story.
Creighton recounts a conversation in which a property manager told him, explicitly, that they wanted a tenant who worked for Microsoft, Amazon, or Google.
“What job you have makes a difference,” they say.
Creighton is frustrated by their situation, which they describe as a “catch-22.” Even though they are struggling, having a steady job disqualifies them from many social services, like food stamps. GiveSafe gives them the option to get food and other essentials.
The app, which officially launches this week for iPhone and Android, works in conjunction with electronic beacons that partner non-profits are delivering to homeless people in Seattle. “Citygoers,” as GiveSafe calls donors, receive notifications when they pass someone wearing a beacon, even if the app isn't open. They can click through to donate money that beacon-holders can spend at partner retailers, like Grocery Outlet, to get food and other essential services.
Beacon-holders are required to meet with counselors regularly to use the service. Every month, the beacon turns off and its bearer has to check in with a counselor at a local non-profit to have it reactivated.
“These monthly interactions are critical because we believe in this two-fold model of financial resources coupled with relational guidance,” says Kumar. “Every touch point for these beacon-holders — whether it be with someone on the street that gets to know their story or interacting with a local business to redeem something they need or those monthly check-ins with counselors at non-profits — all of that is a psychological reminder that people care for them and want to help them.”
Two days a week, GiveSafe operates out of the Impact Hub co-working space in downtown Seattle. The Union Gospel Mission, one of the startup's non-profit partners, is conveniently located across the street. Several homeless people, listening to music and tossing a football, greet Kumar warmly when they stop by. He's clearly a familiar face.
One man using a wheelchair asks, “When am I getting my beacon?”
“It's on the way,” Kumar tells him.
In addition to goods from partner organizations, beacon-holders can also put their donations toward one-on-one meetings with career counselor Andrea Cole. Those sessions cost $20, which is about one-tenth their typical rate. Cole recently helped a homeless man in GiveSafe's network secure a job at Safeco Field.
“It was neat to have an impact on someone,” they said. “I help people all the time that pay me handsome wages and that was probably my most significant one.”
When citygoers receive a notification about someone in need, it doesn't just prompt them to donate. The app also includes a personal story explaining how the beacon-holder ended up on the street.
Users who pass Steve Gross, a genial man from Iowa who stays at the Union Gospel Mission, will learn that he's struggled to keep up with the costs of an expensive terminal illness.
Gross has received several donations through GiveSafe. He's saving the funds for furniture and household items when they secure a more permanent place to live.
“I see it as a really good thing,” they say. “This way, you're almost in a position where you've got to spend the money wisely for stuff that you need.”
If a beacon-holder has a need one of GiveSafe's partner organizations can't fulfill, their or their counselor can purchase the items on their behalf and charge dollars donated through the app. GiveSafe will then reimburse the counselor.
Unlike many of its partners, GiveSafe is a for-profit startup. The app charges donors a small fee on top of the donation on a sliding scale, with the percentage decreasing as the size of the donation increases. For example, when people give $1, GiveSafe charges 15 cents, and the percentage goes down from there.
GiveSafe has a similar mission to nonprofit WeCount, another donation app that launched in Seattle this summer. With WeCount, people can make anonymous requests for essential items they need and Seattle-area residents can fill that need by dropping the items off at designated donation sites. [Editor's note: WeCount co-founder Jonathan Sposato is GeekWire's chairperson.]
“We'd love for competitors to tap into local, mobile giving,” says Kumar. “WeCount addresses an amazing, totally different use case.”
Seattle-area angel investors, including Mike Ma, Vikram Chalana, Awesome Foundation, and Nathan McDonald, provided $30,000 in proof-of-concept funding to GiveSafe. The startup plans to raise a pre-seed funding round in the coming months.
In the long-term, Kumar hopes to license the technology to major non-profits and other cities.
“It costs between $14 to $40,000 per year, per person living on the street in terms of social services, jail time, hospital visits that are completely uninsured, obviously, it's incredibly costly,” they say. “So when you have even just 4,000 people in Seattle, I think that's like $200 million per year … Given, how expensive it is, we see it as a market — offering solutions that provide data on compassion.”
Minecraft-Family Meetup 04–2017
W3bwizart Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 22, 2017
Zoals aangekondigd zijn we vanaf heden elke maand te gast in Bibliotheek Couwelaar te Deurne. We waren snel voltallig en zijn dan ook direct aan de slag gegaan met ComputerCraft. Alle kids waren enthousiast om te kunnen beginnen. Na een korte inleiding bleek dat alle kids reeds ComputerCraft hadden geïnstalleerd en zij die het nog niet hadden hebben het zelf snel geïnstalleerd.
Turtles
In de eerste les zijn we begonnen met de Command Line en vorige les hebben we ComputerCraft geïnstalleerd en zijn we de turtles beginnen ontdekken. Deze les zijn we hiermee verder gegaan.
Ik had 4 opdrachten voorzien voor deze les waaruit de crafters mochten kiezen
de 1ste opdracht ging verder op de eerste les en hield in dat je een huisje met dak moest bouwen door een turtle te programmeren.
De 2 de opdracht was om zelf een doolhof te bouwen en dan daarna een turtle door de maze te programmeren.
De 3de opdracht was op een mine te graven en zo de turtle de juiste opdrachten te geven dat deze zelfstandig kan graven.
De 4de opdracht was het laten bouwen van een trap.
Nadat de keuze was gemaakt zijn ze ijverig aan de slag gegaan, de doolhof en het huis bleken de populairste opdrachten te zijn.
Observatie
Dit is nu de 3de les en ik ben best tevreden, iedereen heeft vandaag iets gemaakt door het programmeren van een turtle. De crafters kunnen al aardig overweg met de ComputerCraftEdu editor maar deze is alles behalve gebruiksvriendelijk. Daarom is het belangrijk denk ik dat ik de crafters niet te afhankelijk maak van de editor en het programmeren met blokjes. Laat me duidelijk zijn dat dit een enorme instapper is om de kids te laten beginnen met programmeren. Ik zag wel dat verschillende crafters de loop al hadden ontdekt en deze toepaste.
Ikzelf werk altijd via ComputerCraft via de command line en gisterenavond ben ik eens effectief bezig geweest met de ComputerCraftEDU editor en dit frustreert snel. Om het pad zo vlak mogelijk te houden lijkt het me beter ze in tijd te laten overstappen naar ComputerCraft zelf en dat ze leren programmeren via een code editor.
Daarnaast blijft basic computer gebruik een probleem bij de meeste, wifi op en af zetten, computer herstarten, typen, engels schrijven en lezen. Maar niet getreurd dan weten we tenminste waar we aan moeten werken ;-)
Volgende stappen
Ik denk dat we even rond deze nieuwe dingen moeten werken en ze gewoon nog even wat laten spelen en ontdekken door opdrachten te geven. Zo denk ik aan patronen maken zoals een muur in verschillende materialen of kleuren. Op die manier kan ik de concepten en voordelen van een loop toelichten. Ondertussen kunnen we verder werken aan de basic computer skills en het file systeem en zo de overstap maken naar gewoon ComputerCraft en het gebruik van een editor. Wanneer we daar zijn denk ik dat het tijd word om dieper in te gaan op het programmeren.
Matthew Handrahan Editor-in-Chief Thursday 28th March 2013 Share this article Share
Companies in this article GameStop
GameStop made a loss of $269.7 million in fiscal year 2012 as its progress in digital markets failed to offset the attendant costs and the decline of physical retail.
For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013, GameStop booked revenue of $8.89 billion, down 7 per cent year-on-year from $9.55 billion. Comparable store sales were down 8 per cent overall, with new hardware, new software and pre-owned sales all declining.
Only the company's "Other" category, which includes mobile and digital sales, showed signs of strong growth, rising 21.2 per cent year-on-year.
However, that didn't stop the company from making a full-year loss of $269.7 million, down from a $339.9 million profit in fiscal 2011. The year's loss included $680.7 million in, "restructuring, impairment and debt retirement expenses."
"While 2012 was a challenging year for console gaming, we focused on factors within our control," said CEO Paul Raines in a statement. "We expanded our market leadership position, maintained our financial strength and controlled our spending. Perhaps most importantly, we invested in our mobile and digital businesses to position the company for future success.
"As we look towards the start of the new console cycle, our industry market model indicates a return to growth with the launch of new game systems. GameStop is strong, healthy and ready to lead the industry and its customers into the next phase of gaming."
Signs of recovery were evident in GameStop's Q4 performance, which saw the company take $3.56 billion in revenue - essentially flat year-on-year, largely due to a 60.3 per cent improvement in digital sales and $100 million from mobile alone. Net profit for the fourth quarter was up 9.5 per cent to $262.3 million.
The company expects a slight decline in revenue in fiscal 2013, along with a 2 per cent reduction in the square footage of its stores across the world.
Share this...
By geologist Dr. Sebastian Luning and Prof. Fritz Vahrenholt.
(German text translated/edited by P Gosselin)
On August 25, 2016 there was in Nature Climate Change a small wonder was observed. A team of scientists led by Gennadii Donchyts of the Dutch Deltares Research Institute released a statistic on land area gain and loss in the coastal areas on earth. Given our rising sea levels, a loss of land area was expected. Thus the surprise was even more profound when the official figures were released: coastal regions didn't shrink, rather they grew by 13,565 sq km over the past 30 years.
That's a real sensation.
Unfortunately the German media chose to keep silent about it. Inconvenient data that they do not want the public to see. In the publication it is stated:
Earth's surface gained 115,000 km2 of water and 173,000 km2 of land over the past 30 years, including 20,135 km2 of water and 33,700 km2 of land in coastal areas. Here, we analyse the gains and losses through the Deltares Aqua Monitor — an open tool that detects land and water changes around the globe.
For what is interesting are the figures for the coastal areas (the other figures concern inland bodies of water that are independent of sea level). The calculation is trivial:
33,700 sq km of land gain minus 20,135 sq km of land loss = a net land gain of 13,565 sq km.
The people at the Deltares-Institute did have some fear of the figures. In the original press release, they refrained from presenting this important result:
How the earth has changed over the past 30 years The world has gained 115,000 km2 of water and 173,000 km2 of land over the past 30 years. The Dutch research institute Deltares developed an open tool that analyses satellite data and visualises land and water changes around the globe. The results were published today in Nature Climate Change. First global-scale tool that shows water and land conversion The Deltares Aqua Monitor was developed by Gennadii Donchyts, a remote sensing expert at Deltares. It is the first global-scale tool that shows, with a 30-metre resolution, where water has been transformed into land and vice-versa. The Aqua Monitor uses freely available satellite data and Google Earth Engine, a platform for the planetary-scale scientific analysis of geospatial datasets that is now open to the general public. Gennadii Donchyts: “The Aqua Monitor shows that, around the world between 1985 and 2015, about 173 000 km2, an area about the size of Washington State, has been transformed into land. At the same time, an area of 115 000 km2 has been transformed into water. Both documented and undocumented changes due to human-made interventions, natural variability, and climate change have now been revealed.” Known versus unknown While many countries report on dam construction, information about more remote or isolated areas has been lacking. In Myanmar, the Global Reservoir and Dams database shows an increase in the water surface between 1985 and 2010 of about 400 km2. Using the Aqua Monitor, we found 1,180 km2 of new surface water during the same period. The damming of the Rimjin River in North Korea close to the border with South Korea resulted in a storage surface of 12.4 km2 that was actually due to the Hwanggang Dam, which was thought to be located 35 km to the east. These unknown reservoirs may have had a severe impact on the displacement of people and on the ecology. These issues still have to be investigated. Created by nature or humans The results of the Aqua Monitor show only the compound impact of natural and human change or variability. It is often hard to tell what has caused a change without determining the details of the local water and sediment budget. While changes in meanders in the Brahmaputra delta are clearly natural, the Mondrian-like shapes near Taiji Nai'er lakes in China are clearly human-made. Big data at everyone's fingertips Universally-available analytics for big satellite data may have major implications for monitoring capacity and associated actions. At the very local scale, members of the general public can now make assessments without expert assistance if their houses are threatened by coastal erosion. At the regional scale, a downstream riparian state can conduct year-to-year monitoring to see whether upstream neighbours are establishing new impoundments. Finally, at the planetary scale, global agencies such as the United Nations International Strategy for Disaster Reduction can monitor the appearance of new reservoir storage capacity that may reduce flood hazards. Jaap Kwadijk, the Deltares scientific director: “This has never been done before. So it is difficult to imagine all the new applications that will be made using this tool. But the tool can be used by everybody and so I am sure multiple applications will emerge in the next few years”.
The BBC took on an approach of transparency and reported explicitly on the land area gain at the coasts:
Coastal areas were also analysed, and to the scientists surprise, coastlines had gained more land – 33,700 sq km (13,000 sq miles) – than they had been lost to water (20,100 sq km or 7,800 sq miles). “We expected that the coast would start to retreat due to sea level rise, but the most surprising thing is that the coasts are growing all over the world,” said Dr Baart. “We're been able to create more land than sea level rise was taking.”
Why is the result so? Every geologist learns in the first semesters that deltas expand out into the sea when the rate of sediment buildup is faster than then sea level rise. This appears to be the case here. Sea level rise is too small to lead to a flooding of coastal level areas. The system finds itself in a state of regression as many sand coasts are pushing out slowly into the sea.
Policymakers need to take Geology 101
After the end of the last ice age some 10,000 years ago, the case was very different. Back then sea level rise was multiple times greater than what it is today and coasts were covered by the sea. In geological terms this is called “transgression”. Perhaps political policymakers should be required to take Geology 101 so that they are better able to take part in the climate discussion.
Online Aqua-Monitor here. Also see a report (in German) at watson.ch.
As Adweek and other observers pointed out at the time, the ad was a brilliant publicity stunt, but that doesn't necessarily mean it was insincere. Long before “environmental sustainability” became a corporate buzz-phrase, Patagonia was pioneering many of the practices that now fall under that rubric, such as using recycled fabrics and sourcing cotton from organic growers. Now, with companies from Walmart to Nike beginning to follow its lead, Patagonia is coming to terms with a difficult truth: Those efforts aren't enough. “No matter how many sustainability initiatives we implement, the trends are showing they are insufficient,” said Ridgeway. “When you look at these long-term trends, you can't help but conclude that somehow, some way, consumption is going to change—and it's going to have to go down.”
The clothing company recently embarked on another effort to persuade people to buy fewer clothes. In April, an old Dodge truck with a camper made of recycled wine barrels set off on what Patagonia has dubbed the “Worn Wear Tour.” Looking something like a wooden boat on wheels, with a row of portholes along the flank, the truck stopped at trailheads, at farmers' markets, and outside of coffee shops across the country, spreading the company's anti-consumerist gospel while, of course, serving as a clever advertisement for the company itself.
In the back of the truck was a small repair shop. Two employees from Patagonia's facility in Reno, Nevada, sat inside with sewing needles and spools of brightly colored thread, mending battered gear. Their services were provided free of charge to anyone who showed up with a damaged garment from Patagonia—or from any other company, for that matter. I visited the truck at its stop in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where I witnessed a passerby jealously eyeing the jackets hanging outside the truck, burnt and torn but still beautiful. They said they wished they had something in need of fixing.
The consumerist instinct won't be easily dulled, but Patagonia does seem to be trying. The Worn Wear Tour is part of the company's larger pool of efforts to get customers to cut down on buying clothes. A section of its website features customer testimonials on the durability of specific Patagonia items. (“I purchased this jacket in 1972 because I needed to stay warm outside when I was paid 10 cents a mile by a professor at the University of Tennessee to hike the Great Smoky Mountains and pick up bear scat for analysis.”) And the company offers free repairs year-round if you bring the damaged item back to the store. It has also invested in Yerdle, an app that allows people to give away worn clothes and other used items in exchange for credit on a marketplace where other users are doing the same.
There isn't much data showing the effectiveness of these endeavors, but Ridgeway sounded confident that the company's stance against unnecessary consumption would be good for business in the long run, thanks to Patagonia's reputation for making garments that last. “If there are people that will only buy durable products, then we're going to succeed as a business even if the number of jackets being worn and thrown away starts to go down,” they said.
Stories of pro-Donald Trump “hate crimes” don't often fall apart like that of Baruch College's Yasmin Seweid, and the mainstream media would do well to heed the warning signs in such “hate” narratives in the future.
The College Fix picked up on them right away. Make note: The assailants were white. All were male. Garbed in Donald Trump paraphernalia and/or uttering pro-Trump statements (or merely their name). It was late at night or dark. No one else was around. No surveillance video available. No smartphone video was taken.
Police charged Seweid with filing a false report because “she had numerous opportunities to admit nothing happened and they kept sticking by their story.”
Nevertheless, though Yasmin's sister Sara claims they do not condone what their sibling did, they assert the NYPD doesn't care about Muslim women: “The NYPD doesn't care about us or our safety. Never did,” they wrote. “You don't think calling for an 18 year old girl to be jailed for lying to be violent and abhorrent?”
Sara also stated they are “concerned about the mental state of young Muslim women who feel they have to lie so intensely to survive” and asks everyone to consider why Muslim “woc” (women of color) have felt the need to fabricate things like their sister did.
This sort of reaction is also typical: Once the hoax is revealed, turn it into a “teachable moment” — the “main” issue is actually something larger (societal racism, discrimination), or the hoax itself was intended to serve as a focus on a particular matter.
class=”giphy-embed” allowFullScreen> A pair of Babson College students faced a hearing yesterday for a post-election “victory lap” through Wellesley College in which they engaged in alleged “actions that were ‘racially offensive and gender demeaning.'”
That's right, they still had to attend a hearing despite the public safety departments of both Babson and Wellesley being unable to corroborate “key allegations” made against them, and documents showing Babson officials relying on pure hearsay as evidence.
At Massachusetts' Williams College, a pair of students wanted to bring attention to Donald Trump's supposed racism, so they painted “AMKKK KILL” in the college's Griffin Hall. Of course, this is what they said after they got caught.
At the University of Oklahoma, Professor Mashhad Fahes alleged they were handed an “anti-Muslim” pamphlet while walking to class. “It looked very offensive” they said, and claimed they reported it to campus police. They claimed police informed them that another party had made a report about the pamphlet earlier. But … these same police have no record of either report being made.
ABC = Always Be Cynical.
The University of Michigan's Khita Whyatt claimed an assault that was remarkably similar to that of a claim made by a student at their own college, not to mention one at Villanova and Georgetown. Though Whyatt's and the UM student's tales don't specifically mention Trump, the former supposedly was targeted because of their dark Native American complexion, while the latter their religion.
Three of those incidents were reported to have occurred at night, and all involved the victims (allegedly) being knocked down by their attackers. No suspects in any of the “attacks” were ever found, and the Villanova student told law enforcement they wanted to drop the matter entirely.
frameBorder=”0″ class=”giphy-embed” allowFullScreen> A Bowling Green student admitted to making up a story about a group of white guys in Trump t-shirts throwing rocks and yelling racial epithets at them At the University of of Louisiana Lafayette, a first-year student confessed to lying about “two white males, one in a Trump hat, stealing their wallet and hijab.”
Taylor Volk, now a former student at North Park University, fabricated “hateful notes and emails” which “contain[ed] harassing [and] threatening language” and mentions of the president-elect.
Elon University played host to a phony anti-Latino whiteboard message … well, the message wasn't phony, but the sentiment behind it was. “Bye Bye Latinos Hasta La Vista” read the statement — courtesy a Latino (or, should I say “Latinx”?) student who, it was determined after the usual paroxysms of outrage, “was upset about the results of the election” and then claimed the phrase was “satirical commentary.”
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGES: Shutterstock, giphy.com, YouTube
Egyptian authorities have barred a European medical delegation from reaching the embattled Gaza Strip to deliver aid, Anadolu news agency reported.
According to the delegation's coordinator Abdeen Fayez, Egyptian authorities banned them from entering Arish city en route to the Gaza Strip, without mentioning reasons, even though they informed authorities in advance of the trip.
Fayez added that the medical delegation, consisting of European Palestinian doctors, had to return to Cairo. They expressed their hope that their delegation would be able to enter Gaza as soon as possible, saying that a number of other European delegations, in addition to doctors from Egypt, Jordan and Morocco, are planning to visit Gaza in the coming days.
“What's the motivation behind the closure of the Rafah crossing to medical and humanitarian aid? And who would benefit from preventing doctors from providing medical and humanitarian services to the victims of the aggression on Gaza?” Fayez wondered.
It's no surprise to see the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies at the MasterCard Memorial Cup. The team finished the regular season with a string of 14 straight wins and No. 1 in the CHL Top 10 rankings. Then it rolled through the playoffs, losing only four games en route to capturing the team's first President Cup as QMJHL champs.
Now it's time to see how good this team really is.
The Huskies came out of nowhere—both geographically and in the standings—to dominate the QMJHL all season. Located in northern Quebec, more than seven hours from Montreal, Rouyn-Noranda is a textbook definition of a small-market. The Huskies finished the 2014-15 season in 11th place and bowed out in the first round losing to the rival Val-d'Or Foreurs before bursting onto the scene this season. With a solid roster of two-way forwards, middle-tier NHL prospects and a journeyman goaltender, the Huskies looked like a dark horse team—certainly not a team that would dominate the league all season long.
In this week's edition, Jeff is joined by Sam Cosentino, Joey Kenward and Timo Meier for a wide-ranging MasterCard Memorial Cup preview.
Listen now | iTunes | Podcatchers
With a shot at a Memorial Cup looking more and more likely, the Huskies brought in Timo Meier from the Halifax Mooseheads and defenceman Nikolas Brouillard from the Québec Remparts for the home-stretch. They also benefited from A.J. Greer leaving Boston University mid-season to join the junior team that selected them in the 11th round of the 2013 QMJHL entry draft. Essentially brought in for free, Greer finished the five-game President Cup final with five goals, including two game-winners.
Here's a look at what makes Rouyn-Noranda so dangerous and where they can be exposed:
Strengths
Chase the Ace
Veteran goaltender Chase Marchand has spent their junior career bouncing from team to team, claimed by three franchises on waivers—including the Mississauga Steelheads in the OHL—before signing with Rouyn-Noranda as a free agent in the off-season. The turbulent journey and having a cousin—Brad Marchand—in the NHL now are just anecdotes to what's been a breakthrough season.
The winner of the Jacques Plante trophy for owning the best regular-season GAA, Marchand had a dominating record-setting playoffs. Their .946 SV% and 1.35 GAA are both QMJHL records. To put that into context, the only other goaltender with a sub-2.00 GAA in the past 10 playoffs was Louis-Philip Guindon's 1.84 mark with the Rimouski Océanic last year. Marchand also set a record for shoutouts (six) and the longest shutout streak, clocking in at 223:23.
It helps to have a good defence in front of you—Marchand faced 20 or fewer shots in eight post-season games—but they played a major part in Rouyn-Noranda's success. Case in point: they had a 1-0, 35-save shutout of the Moncton Wildcats in Game 4 of the semi-finals. With no room for error, Marchand prevented Moncton from tying the series. Their one blemish came in Game 4 against Shawinigan when they were yanked halfway through the contest after letting in three goals in an eventual 6-4 Shawinigan victory. It was the fourth time in five nights he'd played (a broken pipe split Game 2 across two days), so we'll cut them some slack.
This is a guy who has had to fight season after season to earn starts and they haven't cracked under pressure. Those looking for the clock to strike midnight on this Cinderella story have been forced to wait all season. Nothing seems to phase Marchand, who keeps proving the doubters wrong.
Name Pos GP G A PTS +/- PIM Pt/G Francis Perron LW 18 12 21 33 18 11 1.83 Timo Meier RW 18 11 12 23 11 30 1.28 Anthony-John Greer LW 20 12 10 22 14 28 1.1 Nikolas Brouillard D 19 5 15 20 10 32 1.05 Jean-Christophe Beaudin C 17 7 12 19 12 8 1.12 Martins Dzierkals RW 20 7 10 17 13 12 0.85 Gabriel Fontaine C 20 5 11 16 19 24 0.8 Philippe Myers D 20 4 12 16 17 18 0.8 Peter Abbandonato C 20 4 7 11 7 14 0.55 Mathieu Boucher LW 20 3 7 10 6 2 0.5 Julien Nantel C 20 4 4 8 5 12 0.4 Jérémy Lauzon D 9 1 7 8 9 8 0.89 Alexandre Fortin LW 20 4 3 7 5 2 0.35 Antoine Waked RW 19 4 2 6 5 21 0.32 Zachary Lauzon D 17 2 4 6 9 13 0.35 Allan Caron D 19 1 4 5 12 24 0.26 Jacob Neveu D 20 1 4 5 13 2 0.25 Bruno-Carl Denis D 19 0 3 3 8 11 0.16 Anthony Wojcik LW 13 1 0 1 1 6 0.08 Chase Marchand G 19 0 1 1 0 0 0.05 Samuel Harvey G 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 Johnatan Legault D 11 0 0 0 0 0 0 Name Pos GP W L OTL SO GAA SV% Chase Marchand G 19 15 3 0 6 1.35 0.946 Samuel Harvey G 4 1 1 0 0 2.31 0.907
Forwards who can score and defend
The Ottawa Senators have to feel pretty good about nabbing Francis Perron with the 190th pick of the 2014 NHL Entry Draft. The 6-foot, 170-lb. winger followed up a 108-point MVP regular season with a 33-point MVP post-season. The last guy in the ‘Q' to do that was Jonathan Drouin with the Halifax Mooseheads in 2013.
Perron has been the only mainstay on the top line in part because of injuries and suspensions. With so many talented forwards, including six NHL draftees, any combination in the top six is a threat to score. Greer has found a home on the second line and was a consistent scoring threat in the President Cup final with five goals, seven points, those game winners and a eight PIM. The 6-foot-3, 205-lb. forward is hard to contain around the net and isn't afraid to mix it up and get under the skin of the opposition between the whistles. The former Boston University product is showing why the Colorado Avalanche nabbed them with the 39th pick of last year's draft.
Meier has 74 points in 51 regular-season and playoff games with the Huskies. (Jean Lapointe)
Speaking of Avalanche prospects, Jean-Christophe Beaudin and Julien Nantel were both drafted for their two-way abilities and play an integral part on both ends of the ice. Beaudin missed three games against Shawinigan, but is expected to play in the Memorial Cup. He's a beast in the face-off circle, winning 59 percent of their draws and has seven goals—four on the power play and one shorthanded.
The bottom six has also chipped in with some timely markers including Antoine Waked who scored the lone goal in overtime in Game 3 against Blainville-Boisbriand. After being shut out twice in regulation in the first three games of the series, Rouyn-Noranda needed to find scoring from somewhere and the bottom six provided that much-needed boost.
Mobile, two-way blueline
Rouyn-Noranda was able to shutdown Shawinigan without it' best defenceman, Boston Bruins prospect Jérémy Lauzon, who missed the series after a skate to the neck against Moncton on April 15. The good news is he'll be on the ice on Saturday against the Brandon Wheat Kings. Before the injury, they had eight points in nine games and is a key piece on the top power-play unit.
Nikolas Brouillard is annually near the top of the league in defensive scoring after posting four consecutive seasons of 57 or more points. More importantly, they are the only member of the Huskies with Memorial Cup experience after playing in the tournament with the host Québec Remparts last season. Against Shawinigan they were another one of the guys in the middle of a lot of scrums. He's a pest who's no fun to play against and also is dangerous as evidenced by their 20 post-season points, third in D-man scoring.
Philippe Myers is yet another Huskies player enjoying a breakout season after seeing their point totals go from four to eight, then explode to 45 this campaign. They led the league in plus-minus in the regular season at plus-52 and scored an entry-level contract with the Philadelphia Flyers. They stepped up in the absence of Lauzon, scoring three of four goals—all on the power play—in the final against Shawinigan.
Marchand had a record-setting QMJHL post-season. (Minas Panagiotakis/Getty Images)
Elite special teams
The Huskies were downright nasty on the power play, going 31-for-96 for a league-best 32.3 percent. They finished fourth in penalty killing, giving up 13 goals on 88 times short handed and managed five shorthanded scores. That means 35 of Rouyn-Noranda's 88 goals (40 percent) came on special teams.
Weaknesses
After a dominating end to the regular season and a relatively flawless playoff, it's hard to pick out too many weaknesses with Rouyn-Noranda. But there are a couple question marks and unknowns that could lead to losses.
Inexperience
One of the oldest franchises in the QMJHL, this is the first time the Huskies have been in the Memorial Cup since moving to Rouyn-Noranda from Saint-Hyacinthe in 1996. The franchise hasn't won the national championship since 1970 when the team was known as the Montreal Junior Candiens.
The Huskies haven't had much success the past couple seasons. The team lost in the first round last year were swept by the Baie-Comeau Drakkar in the second round in 2014. Outside of Meier with Halifax, Brouillard with Québec and Perron with the Huskies in 2013, this team hasn't seen a lot of playoff action. They only went to overtime once in the playoffs, so it's impossible to project what could happen if any of the tournament games go to extra time.
With all due respect to the top lines of the Moncton Wildcats and Shawinigan Cataractes, Rouyn-Noranda also hasn't faced a top line like London's Matthews Tkachuk-Christian Dvorak-Mitch Marner unit. The Huskies are going to have to figure out how to shut down elite teams in a hurry.
Injury concerns
Lauzon and Beaudin are both expected to return, but Lauzon spent a good chunk of the past month in a neck brace with limited mobility. He'll need to pick up where they left off.
Jérémy Lauzon vient d'obtenir le feu vert pour s'entraîner avec l'équipe! Il sera en uniforme dès demain sur la patinoire! — Huskies RN (@HuskiesRn) May 16, 2016
Is it Timo Time yet?
The biggest trade of the season brought in Meier from Halifax for a handful of draft picks. They came as advertised, scoring 51 points in 29 games in the regular season. The San Jose Sharks first-rounder looked downright scary in the first round against Drummondville, scoring eight goals in the four-game sweep.
It may not be time to put up missing posters quite yet, but it's concerning to see them only score one goal in each of the other three series. Take away the 13 points in the first round and he's only had 10 in 14 games since. They also got into hot water with two one-game suspensions during the series against the Moncton Wildcats. Meier needs to steal the show in the Memorial Cup for Rouyn-Noranda to win it all.
Eight days ago, Dr. Narendra Dabholkar was assassinated by extremists in Pune, India presumably because their debunking of supernatural claims angered a few too many people…
Today, an arrest was finally made in the murder:
31-year-old Sandeep Shinde was picked up from Hindu organisation Sanatan Sanstha's headquarters at Ramnathi in Ponda on Wednesday at around 5 pm.
If that group's name sounds familiar, it's because they had initially denied having anything to do with Dabholkar's death, even though they didn't exactly shed any tears over it.
An article in the New York Times from over the weekend even quoted its leader:
The founder of one such group, Sanatan Sanstha, noting that they did not condone the killing, did not bother to feign sorrow over Dr. Dabholkar's death. “Instead of dying of old age, or by surgery, which causes a lot of suffering, the death Mr. Dabholkar got today was a blessing from God,” the leader, a former hypnotherapist now known as Their Holiness Dr. Jayant Athavale, wrote in an editorial in the organization's publication, Sanatan Prabhat.
“We are also equally shocked by their killing. We have nothing to do with it,” Sanatan Sanstha member Abhay Vartak said. “We had differences of ideology with him… nothing on a personal level and they were doing commendable work,” Vartak said. They also defended [Athavale's] editorial by claiming that “not a single word” in it was offensive in any manner. Vartak appealed to the media not to make “a scapegoat” of Sanatan Sanstha.
A week ago, a spokesperson for the group also disavowed the murder in another publication:
The same group was responsible for a bomb blast in the city of Margao in 2009.
Story still developing…
(Thanks to Greta for the link)
So it's pretty much Roncesvalles day on blogTO. Along with taking a tour of the yet-to-be-completed construction with Rob Ford and members of the BIA this afternoon, I also spent some time checking out the new transit platforms that have been installed on the street. For whatever reason I've become more and more interested in urban infrastructure of this nature and ever since hearing about these, I've been curious to see just what the finished product will look like (in fact, it's the main reason I made the visit today).
What are they and what do they do? As Joshua Tusin noted in their post on them last year, transit platforms "are meant to facilitate smooth boarding on the new streetcars" and will "make things safer for pedestrians." They accomplish this by eliminating the need to step onto the road when entering and exiting streetcars (something which is crucial for those with mobility devices).
But therein lies some of the criticism these have received from cyclists. Although the north/south entrances to the platforms are sloped so that cyclists can easily ride on them (and thus not in the line of the streetcar), concern has been expressed over potential confusion over whom these platforms belong to - pedestrians or cyclists. For my part, however, I suspect that signage (to come in spring) will ensure that people shouldn't be confused.
It seems rather obvious that when passengers are boarding the streetcar, cyclists must cede the right of way to them. That's the same as it would work on a street without a platform. Where it might get a little dicey is with people who ignore or disobey the instructions. In the absence of a platform, it's extremely rare to see folks standing out on the street waiting for the next vehicle. That lane, after all, is the domain of cars, and even when it's busy, people tend to value their personal safety enough to wait on the curb.
But the question is whether or not this will be the case when the threat of collision is reduced. Because bikes are quieter, less dangerous and (mostly) a less frequent source of traffic along this stretch, it wouldn't surprise me to see prospective passengers using the platforms while waiting for streetcars that have yet to arrive.
That's of course speculation -- and a skeptical bit at that -- but if you've ever been riding a bike and had a pedestrian shoot off the sidewalk into your path without looking, you're probably also of the belief that cyclists are often low on their radar.
But here's the thing: so what? If ideas were abandoned because of the potential that people might not follow instructions, that'd put a pretty serious damper on innovation. The real test will come in the early summer when construction is (hopefully) complete and all forms of traffic increase along Roncesvalles, but so far these transit platforms look okay to me.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Wandy Rodriguez's recent visit with Dr. James Andrews was reported as good news, because the Pirates left-hander was told that their elbow injury won't require surgery. However, it's not all positive.
Michael Sanserino of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette reports that Dr. Andrews diagnosed Rodriguez with arthritis in their elbow and Rodriguez described the pain they continue to experience when throwing as “feel[ing] like it's in the bone.”
It sounds like if Rodriguez comes back to pitch for the Pirates this season it'll be as a reliever. And while avoiding surgery keeps Rodriguez from potentially missing an entire year recovering, an arthritic elbow isn't exactly a minor issue as the 34-year-old faces a decision on their $13 million player option for 2014.
Follow @AaronGleeman
Every week we ask a North Korean your questions, giving you the chance to learn more about the country we know so little about.
This week's question is: Do you use sanitary napkins in North Korea at that time of the month? Where do you buy them?
During my journey from North Korea via China to South Korea, everything was fresh and new to me. Everything was different from what I was used to in North Korea. Of course, until I set foot safely on South Korean soil, I was under constant pressure not to be noticed by Chinese police and anyone related to North Korean authorities.
I don't know if I was especially lucky compared to the average North Korean defector in China, but no one tried to interfere with my private life once I left North Korea. Whether I had my hair dyed red or blonde, whether I watched South Korean dramas or Chinese films, I didn't have to care about what other people though. I was free to do any of these things if I wanted. So many people asked what I wanted to do, instead of telling me not to do it. Of course, I was all by myself in a land where no one was even remotely related to me, I felt alone and nervous every day. Yet, I relished the freedom I had never experienced before.
Whether you make them by yourself or you buy pre-made ones, they are not the disposable ones you use in South Korea or America
What pleased me most was that I didn't have to worry about sanitary pads anymore! In North Korea, women make sanitary napkins out of white cotton. We wash them to use them again and again. Some women buy cotton from street markets and make sanitary napkins by themselves. Some women buy pre-made sanitary napkins. Whether you make them by yourself or you buy pre-made ones, they are not the disposable ones you use in South Korea or America. Of course, North Korea produces disposables called “Daedong River” sanitary napkins, but they're so expensive that most North Korean women cannot afford to use them every month. Women choose to use such disposable sanitary napkins only when they go on a trip or when they're in a situation where they cannot wash sanitary pads. Washing them every month is the hardest task, one you want to avoid at all costs.
I once heard that Daedong River sanitary napkins were produced solely for female soldiers. But some people sell some portion of them to vendors for money on their way to deliver them to military bases.
Recently, I have run into advertisements such as “eco-friendly sanitary napkins, good for skin and good for the Earth.” It is true that using cotton sanitary napkins reduce garbage and therefore, are good for the earth. Yes, it is eco-friendly. But I cannot agree when these advertisements claim that using such sanitary napkins also reduces period pain. I got my first period at 14 and I had to use cotton sanitary napkins for the next 17 years in North Korea. I suffered from terrible pain every month during this time. Perhaps it had nothing to do with cotton sanitary napkins. Maybe my period pain got worse and worse because I was under constant stress from having to wash and dry the sanitary napkins in secret. To make it even worse, pills for period pain don't exist in North Korea. When the pain becomes unbearable, some women choose to buy aspirin that doesn't actually help much.
THE HARDEST PART
The last thing I want to remember about North Korea is the sanitary napkins I used over there. In summer, it was slightly better as it took less time to dry them. But in winter, it took forever for them to dry and it always felt like hell to me. In winter, the water pipes froze and it was always difficult to find a place to dry my sanitary napkins. Because they're usually made of white cotton, we had to use a lot of water until the blood stain faded away. Warm water isn't suitable for removing blood stains. Thus, we always had to wash them in icy cold water while blowing our hot breath on our hands during winter. It was always stressful for women to hang sanitary napkins under other pieces of washed clothing so that men would not see them. Not many people owned washing machines. Even if you owned a washing machine at home, you could not use it due to the shortage of electricity in North Korea. That means women had to wash sanitary napkins with their own hands in cold water.
Of course, there are many hard things in life. But dealing with sanitary napkins was the hardest thing about living in North Korea as a woman.
I always had to walk with extra care so that boys wouldn't make fun of me. If you have never used them you have no idea how stressful it is
When you have to go to school and be on period at the same time, it gets even worse. Most high schools in North Korea are co-ed. You have to take extra care so that boys in your class don't notice, using a cotton sanitary napkin which is 20cm in length and 10cm in width. There is no fixture to fasten your sanitary napkin onto your pants. If you don't take extra care, the sanitary napkin could slip out of your pants. I always had to walk with extra care so that boys wouldn't make fun of me. If you have never used them you have no idea how stressful it is. At that time of the month, I was so envious of boys just for the fact that they don't have periods.
But since the moment I left North Korea, I have been free from all the pain and stress of “reusable” sanitary pads. Whenever I see disposable sanitary napkins which are so affordable and available everywhere in South Korea, I'm reminded of my old memories and I feel bad for women who must be washing their sanitary napkins during the icy cold winter in North Korea at this moment. When I see news about sending USBs or flyers to North Korea, I cannot help but think that they'd better use that money on sending disposable sanitary napkins to North Korean women.
The above is the perspective of the author, and may not be representative of all North Korean defectors.
Got A Question?
Email it to [email protected] with your name and city. We'll be publishing the best ones.
Editing by Rob York and translation by Elizabeth Jae
Artwork by Catherine Salkeld
Did Harsh Interrogation Tactics Lead To Bin Laden?
To find Osama bin Laden, U.S. officials first had to find the man who served as their courier. But the operation that killed the al-Qaida leader has stirred up some controversy: Some of the information about the courier may have come as the result of harsh CIA interrogations.
NPR has learned that the courier was a Kuwait-born Pakistani who went by the name Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti. It was in their house that U.S. forces found and killed bin Laden.
Related Documents A few of the detainee assessment documents that showed evidence about interrogations regarding bin Laden's courier network.
Documents from the Guantanamo detention camp show that prisoners there and at secret CIA facilities were interrogated over and over about bin Laden's courier network and Kuwaiti in particular.
One man scheduled to be transferred out of Guantanamo, for example, was recommended for continued detention in part because intelligence officials thought they had more information to provide about Kuwaiti.
Every statement was carefully recorded: that Kuwaiti had a guesthouse in Pakistan where they hosted visiting al-Qaida volunteers; that they arranged airline travel and passed along money from al-Qaida financiers; that they were assigned to teach one al-Qaida member to use email.
Enhanced-Interrogation Techniques.
The Guantanamo documents describe Kuwaiti as a senior al-Qaida facilitator and courier. The footnotes reveal how — and when — this information was acquired.
Some of the first leads came from detainees who were interrogated while in CIA custody; this is where the controversy arises.
About a third of the CIA detainees were subjected to what the agency euphemistically called enhanced interrogation techniques.
The purpose of the enhanced interrogation techniques was to take someone who was refusing to cooperate with us and to accelerate the process by which we would move from a zone of defiance to a zone of cooperation.
"They range from something as innocuous as the 'attention grasp' or 'facial grasp,' you know, grabbing somebody by the lapels or grabbing them by the chin, to a variety of things that have to do with sleep or diet or stress positions," former CIA Director Gen. Michael Hayden said.
In the most extreme cases, detainees were subjected to waterboarding, in which they experience what it's like to drown.
Among those who provided information while under CIA control was Hassan Gul, a senior al-Qaida operative from Pakistan. According to the detainee documents, Gul told interrogators that Kuwaiti traveled with bin Laden. A senior U.S. official says the information Gul provided was key to identifying Kuwaiti as bin laden's courier.
But they may have provided it under stress.
A 2005 document indicates that Gul was one of the CIA detainees subjected to "enhanced interrogation techniques."  They are now free.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, a mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks and one of three CIA detainees subjected to waterboarding, indirectly confirmed information about Kuwaiti.
Criticism Of Methods
Critics of "enhanced interrogation techniques" say they are tantamount to torture, and they argue that intelligence gleaned from those interrogations is unreliable. They also point out that some of the most useful information that came from Mohammed and others was obtained only after the harsh interrogations ended.
Hayden says they wouldn't be surprised by that.
"I'm willing to concede the point that no one gave us valuable or actionable intelligence while they were, for example, being waterboarded," they said. "The purpose of the enhanced interrogation techniques was to take someone who was refusing to cooperate with us and to accelerate the process by which we would move from a zone of defiance to a zone of cooperation."
Moving a detainee from defiance to cooperation — essentially, breaking him.
But how do you know the information the detainee finally provided could not have been acquired some other way?
In an interview with NBC, current CIA Director Leon Panetta said harsh CIA interrogations were only one part of the intelligence-gathering process that led to bin Laden's courier.
"They used these enhanced-interrogation techniques against some of these detainees, but I'm also saying that the debate about whether we would have gotten the same information through other approaches, I think, is always going to be an open question," Panetta said.
And a hotly debated one, given that finding and killing bin Laden was as much an intelligence triumph as a military achievement.
The discovery that the endogenous morphine-like peptides named enkephalins are inactivated by two metallopeptidases, neutral endopeptidase and aminopeptidase N, which can be blocked by dual inhibitors, represents a promising way to develop 'physiological' analgesics devoid of the side effects of morphine. A new series of dual aminophosphinic inhibitors of the two enkephalin-catabolizing enzymes has been recently designed. In this study, one of these inhibitors, RB3007, was tested in various assays commonly used to select analgesics (mouse hot-plate test, rat tail-flick test, writhing and formalin tests in mice, and paw pressure test in rats), and the extracellular levels of the endogenous enkephalins in the ventrolateral periaqueductal grey have been measured by microdialysis after systemic administration of RB3007. In the mouse hot-plate test, the dual inhibitor induced long-lasting (2 h) antinociceptive effects with a maximum of 35% analgesia 60 min after i.v. or i.p. administration. These antinociceptive responses were antagonized by prior injection of naloxone (0.1 mg/kg, s.c.). Similar long lasting effects were observed in the other animal models used. Very interestingly, injection of RB3007 (50 mg/kg, i.p.) significantly increased (82%) the extracellular levels of Met-enkephalin with a peak 60 min after i.p. injection. This increase parallels the antinociceptive responses observed. In addition, strong facilitatory effects of subanalgesic doses of the CCK(2) receptor antagonist, PD-134,308 or the synthetic opioid agonist, methadone on RB3007-induced antinociceptive responses were observed. These findings may constitute promising data for future development of a new class of analgesics that could be of major interest in a number of severe and persistent pain syndromes.
From GoldCore : Precious metals investors are gobbling up recently-introduced Australian silver kangaroo coins, with demand beginning to outstrip supply.
Sales surged to over 10 million coins, which is double the expected demand for the year.
Silver Kangaroo Coins 1 oz (2016)
Introduced to the market less than 11 months ago in September 2015 at a launch attended by GoldCore, sales of the new release Perth Mint's 2016 Australian Kangaroo 1 ounce silver bullion coin were anticipated to reach 5 million coins in their introductory first year. Yet sales of the silver coins have already surged to a whopping 10 million coins.
Commenting on the new silver coin's worldwide success, the CEO of the Perth Mint, Richard Hayes said:
”Now that we can better gauge the popularity of the release, we predict sales in excess of 12 million this coming year.”
The Kangaroo coin is 0.9999 fine silver and it is only available in the 1 ounce size, unlike the Perth Mint's other bullion coins which range in weights from 1/2 ounce to 10 kilograms. The 1 ounce weight was specifically selected for the new annual series because investors and silver stackers favour the size.
“These issues sell out of their limited mintages consistently each year,” the Mint said.“With this in mind, the Silver Kangaroo was issued in a 1 ounce weight only and to an unlimited mintage.”
Added as a counterfeiting measure, the first A of AUSTRALIAN includes a micro-engraved ‘A' that shows up under magnification
“We made sure that the new Kangaroo satisfies investors' key aims — to secure an asset which features an Australian icon — to secure silver at an affordable price — to add 9999 fine silver to their portfolio — and to stack precious metals in convenient one ounce coins,” Hayes said.
Bullion buyers and silver “stackers” in particular continue to accumulate. They see silver at below $30 per ounce as good value vis a vis gold ($1,360 per ounce), stocks and many other investments. Many believe, like GoldCore, that silver will surpass $50 per ounce again and should reach levels above $100 per ounce given the very favourable fundamentals of very little supply and robust demand.
With silver prices up 30 cents this morning to $20.82 per ounce, the largest silver ETF, The iShares Silver Trust (ETF) (NYSE:SLV), gained $0.24 (+1.24%) in premarket trading to $19.67 per share. SLV has gained 47.31% year-to-date, compared with a 6.41% rise in the S&P 500.
As demand for physical silver rises, so does the share price of SLV, so it pays for ETF investors to continued to watch the news related to precious metals demand.
This article brought to you courtesy of GoldCore.
Share. A virtual Swiss Army knife. A virtual Swiss Army knife.
For our first look at GameFace Lab's virtual-reality headset, CEO Ed Mason began our demo with a blitz of specs: the self-contained unit has a Nvidia Tegra chip and an 75Hz OLED display with 140 degree fields of view, runs on a battery pack that lasts for up to 7 hours, supports Android Lollipop 5.0, and can be used with peripherals like the Nod Ring or Nvidia's Shield controller.
It'll also support Steam VR – the same cable that connects the unit to a battery pack can be used with an HDMI / USB adapter that allows the headset to be plugged into a PC for data and power draw. The model I saw was an early prototype, though, so it lacked the Lighthouse sensors necessary for a PC demo.
Instead, I spent my time with the headset in its wireless, Android-based mode. As I strapped the headset to my face, Mason outlined how GameFace's visor differs from the Samsung Gear VR, which also lacks the tether of the Oculus Rift, Project Morpheus, or HTC Vive. It's a head-mounted display – the Gear VR requires the insertion of a smartphone as the display – and its Nvidia processor is more powerful than the Exynos chips in the Note 4 or the Galaxy S6. The engineering prototype of the GameFace VR headset is currently the Nvidia K1 chip, but I was assured us GameFace Labs are committed to supporting “the latest Tegra tech.” Mason billed it as the equivalent of having two Xbox 360s strapped to your face.
Thankfully, it doesn't feel like having two Xbox 360s strapped to your face. At just under a pound (450 grams), I was really surprised by just how lightweight it felt, considering it's a self-contained unit. It's not as light as Project Morpheus or the latest version of the Oculus Rift, though – it's about the same as the DK2 version of the Rift. The viewing experience was mostly impressive, too, despite needing to rediscover that perfect viewing angle when I turned my head too quickly. But overall the headset fit snuggly, thanks to the crank on the back that tightens all the straps at once rather than individually, and its side-mounted touch button (which toggles the headset's wide-angled stereo cameras between 2D and 3D) was in a comfortable, easy-to-find place.
After I secured the visor to my face, a bluetooth controller was passed to me so I could play some Android-based games. These weren't exclusive to the GameFace headset; they're available on the Play Store for all compatible VR devices. First up was the three-dimensional brawler BombSquad. It's quirky and fluid, and hurling bombs at spawning opponents or grabbing them and chucking them off a cliff received an extra flourish thanks to the 3D depth.
Next I tried the isometric Nighttime Terror, where I controlled a character and gunned down waves of enemies through a combination of controller button taps (to spray ammo) and head-movements (for aiming). It wasn't complex, but it did illustrate the precision of the headset's motion sensing capabilities.
The last app I tried – Pocket Dolphins, a simple underwater demonstration of 3D and looking around in a virtual space – was the only bit of software I used that really made use of the headset's marquee wireless mobility. I was able to spin around, look behind me, all without the worry of getting caught up in wires.
Though I didn't get to see much beyond these Android games, perhaps one of the most interesting aspects of GameFace's headset is that it'll support augmented reality in addition to virtual reality. My demoers wouldn't say much on the subject, though, other than to confirm it's still a planned feature. We should hopefully hear more soon; the next and final engineering prototype will go out to developers near the end of the year. The finished retail version should be available in the second quarter of 2016, and run around $500.
We'll be following GameFace Labs' VR headset as it evolves and you can follow along at GameFace Labs' Twitter. For more on it, and realities virtual, augmented, or otherwise, stick with IGN.
Brandin Tyrrel is an Associate Editor at IGN. You can follow them on Twitter at @BrandinTyrrel.
Officers with the Camden County Police Department got a big pat on the back from their boss this week.
In an internal letter, Police Chief Scott Thomson praised the 400-member force for its professionalism over the past two years, particularly while responding to calls for a person with a gun.
Not one officer fired a shot from their or their service weapon in 3,825 incidents, according to the department.
“This level of restraint is remarkable and a credit to your preparation and professionalism,” wrote Thomson.
What's more, Thomson said, just one incident drew gunfire from county cops over the same period, an alleged suicide-by-cop attempt.
Still, he's not celebrating.
“If there is ever a time in American policing when we have to be at our best, it is now. It's a duty that we owe to the profession, it's a duty we owe to the public, and it's a duty we owe to each other as police officers,” they said.
Jerry Ratcliffe, who teaches criminal justice at Temple University, said the stats are certainly encouraging, but could also be a bit misleading. A few years ago, Camden residents were known to report that there was a person with a gun to get a faster response from police for other incidents.
Ratcliffe said that it's possible that practice still exists.
“It still doesn't detract from the fact that it seems that the Camden Police Department seems to be dealing better with incidents than they have in the past,” said Ratcliffe.
The county department took over in 2013 amid budget woes that cut the city's police force by almost half and sent the homicide rate through the roof.
In 2012, Camden recorded 67 homicides, the highest toll in its history.
The news comes as Philadelphia looks to cut down on police-involved shootings following a review by the U.S. Department of Justice.
According to the March report, a Philadelphia officer fired a gun nearly once a week between 2007 and 2014.
Ed Fries, a former Microsoft gaming vice president, has written and released a version of Halo that runs on the Atari 2600. The game is a free download and works with all your favorite emulators. Its release coincides with the 11th annual Classic Gaming Expo.
Fries posted some details on the AtariAge forums, explaining how this game came about. They write:
I hadn't written 6502 assemblers in almost 30 years but it turns out it's pretty easy to pick up again since there are so few instructions. I wasn't sure what to write so I created a little Master Chief from Halo and made them run around the screen. Then I created an Elite for them to shoot at. At this point it wasn't my intention to make a full game. I was just screwing around.
As I became more familiar with the machine I thought it might be possible to make something that was actually fun to play. I also ran into some fans of classic games at the Game Developers Conference in March and they encouraged me to keep going and try to make a finished game. At first I had the player battling through a linear series of rooms. You had to kill all the enemies before it would unlock the walls and let you move to the next room. As you can imagine, this got dull pretty quickly. I was doing it this way because it was relatively easy on the Atari 2600 but what if, instead, I could make a 64 room map the player had to explore, kind of like the old atari game Adventure? To implement this would require that I make an "asymmetric playfield" so that some rooms might have a wall on one side but not on the other. It turns out that's pretty tricky to do on the 2600, at least while you are trying to drawn everything else you want to draw, but I managed to get it working.
To add variety I divided the map into 4 "zones": outdoor, covenant base, ice world, and final boss area. Each had a unique look and some unique enemies. I also played with the atari's ability to stretch and duplicate sprites to create some further surprises for the player. Then I added some pickups the player could find to help them on the way.
Those pickups make the game, in my opinion. You can't start shooting until you find a gun, something that vexed me at first. There are different enemies and sometimes killing them reveals shields. The game reminded me a little of Berzerk, except for lack of electrified walls (Halo 2600 originally had them, Fries says. They got rid of them to make the game easier.) Still, it's a very challenging game.
Halo 2600 was one of several new homebrew games to be released at the Classic Gaming Expo. (Others included a boxing game for the 2600 and a war game for the Atari 7800.) Its provenance — a former Microsoft guy writes an Atari VCS version of a popular Xbox game — makes it an especially interesting bit of 8-bit fun.
related:
Atari 2600 Homebrew Games
Racing The Beam: Inside The Atari 2600
A cantora Rita Lee deverá indenizar por danos morais um policial militar que se sentiu ofendido por críticas da cantora durante um show.
O autor da ação narrou que trabalhava em uma apresentação e que a cantora xingou a PM de “cachorros”, “cafajestes” e “filhos da puta”. Rita Lee questionou os policiais que revistavam o público se estavam procurando baseado, tendo dito que queria um para fumar no palco, e orientando os presentes de que poderiam fumar porque “os policiais não prenderiam ninguém”.
Em sua defesa, a cantora alegou que fez uma crítica genérica a grupo de policiais que estavam em frente ao palco, sem qualquer referência direta ao recorrido ou outro membro.
Em 1º grau a indenização foi fixada em R$ 20 mil, reduzida em apelação para R$ 5 mil. Exercício legítimo
A relatora, ministra Nancy Andrighi, de início destacou que os fatos são públicos e notórios pela ampla divulgação na imprensa local sobre a reação da cantora por revista de pessoas em frente ao palco.
De acordo com a ministra, os militares estavam em exercício legítimo da atividade, e a priori a repressão a uma atividade ilegal – uso de entorpecentes – não pode ser taxada como abusiva.
“A contraposição a uma legítima atuação dos PMs pela recorrente, de forma exasperada e extremamente ofensiva, que confessadamente proferiu injúria contra todos os PMs presentes ao show, tem como consequência o dano moral indenizável.”
Conforme a ministra, a ilicitude está nas injúrias irrogadas aos policias que estavam exercendo múnus próprio das forças de segurança ostensiva.
“A generalidade da crítica conspira em seu desfavor, pois a partir do momento em que xingou todos os integrantes do policiamento que davam suporte à sua apresentação, atingiu a cada um de forma individualizada, pois atuavam nos limites impostos e sob ordens expressas de superiores.”
Na visão de S. Exa., pior é o fato de que as críticas partiram de pessoa pública, com reconhecida capacidade de influenciar e formar opiniões.
“O direito de criticar atuação de agentes públicos no exercício de suas atividades não pode ser exercido sem limites, a ponto de caracterizar injúria.”
A decisão do colegiado pela negativa de provimento ao recurso foi unânime.
Processo relacionado : REsp 1.677.524
"Just watch me" is a phrase made famous by Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau on October 13, 1970, during the October Crisis. The term is still regularly used in Canadian political discussion.
Trudeau, who had in previous years been a strong proponent of civil liberties, spoke of the need for drastic action to restore order in Quebec. When questioned by CBC reporter Tim Ralfe on how far they would go in the suspension of civil liberties to maintain order, Trudeau replied "Well, just watch me."
Three days later, they invoked the War Measures Act, which led to police action against many Quebec dissidents and great public controversy.
Just Watch Me: Trudeau and the '70s Generation is the title of a 1999 documentary by Catherine Annau. The phrase has also been the title of several biographies of Trudeau, e.g., Larry Zolf's Just Watch Me: Remembering Pierre Trudeau (1984); Ron Coleman's Just Watch Me: Trudeau's Tragic Legacy (2003); and the 2nd volume of John English's biography, Just Watch Me: The Life of Pierre Elliott Trudeau, 1968–2000 (2009).
In March 2013, Trudeau's son Justin, while running for the Liberal Party leadership, made a rare gesture of evoking their father's memory during their campaign by repeating this phrase. It was in answer to a fellow airplane passenger's question in a handwritten note, asking Justin if they could beat Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper. The comment sparked a frenzy on Twitter, as well as mixed reaction from several commentators, some of whom saw the quote as a politically sensitive and risky one in Quebec. Two years later, Justin Trudeau became Prime Minister of Canada, beating Harper in federal election by a significant margin.
Excerpt from interview [ edit ]
The following is a partial transcript of the impromptu interview between Tim Ralfe of the CBC and Trudeau.
Tim Ralfe: …what you're talking about to me is choices, and my choice is to live in a society that is free and democratic, which means that you don't have people with guns running around in it.
Pierre Trudeau: Correct.
Ralfe: And one of the things I have to give up for that choice is the fact that people like you may be kidnapped.
Trudeau: Sure, but this isn't my choice, obviously. You know, I think it is more important to get rid of those who are committing violence against the total society and those who are trying to run the government through a parallel power by establishing their authority by kidnapping and blackmail. And I think it is our duty as a government to protect government officials and important people in our society against being used as tools in this blackmail. Now, you don't agree to this but I am sure that once again with hindsight, you would probably have found it preferable if Mr. Cross and Mr. Laporte had been protected from kidnapping, which they weren't because these steps we're taking now weren't taken. But even with your hindsight I don't see how you can deny that.
Ralfe: No, I still go back to the choice that you have to make in the kind of society that you live in.
Trudeau: Yes, well there are a lot of bleeding hearts around who just don't like to see people with helmets and guns. All I can say is, go on and bleed, but it is more important to keep law and order in this society than to be worried about weak-kneed people who don't like the looks of a soldier's helmet.
Ralfe: At any cost? How far would you go with that? How far would you extend that?
Trudeau: Well, just watch me.
Ralfe: At reducing civil liberties? To that extent?
Trudeau: To what extent?
Ralfe: Well, if you extend this and you say, ok, you're going to do anything to protect them, does this include wire-tapping, reducing other civil liberties in some way?
Trudeau: Yes, I think the society must take every means at its disposal to defend itself against the emergence of a parallel power which defies the elected power in this country and I think that goes to any distance. So long as there is a power in here which is challenging the elected representative of the people I think that power must be stopped and I think it's only, I repeat, weak-kneed bleeding hearts who are afraid to take these measures.
See also [ edit ]
Rock Band 4's Tuesday release marks the series' return to the spotlight. Through its history, the franchise has been known not only for making players feel like a real band, but also for boasting a dynamic, varied soundtrack.
After spending time with Rock Band 4, we wanted to know why this iteration's soundtrack didn't grab us as much as previous games. Our hypothesis: The game had fewer Billboard charting hits than other Rock Band entries. To test it, we went through all the songs included on the retail discs for each major, numbered release in the Rock Band series.
Image: Donte Neal/Mashable
Surprise: After analyzing the lists, we found that when you include all charts — including Alternative and Modern Rock singles — a full 63% of Rock Band 4's tunes charted. By that metric, its song list is second only to that of the original Rock Band. What does make 4 stand out, though is that a majority of the game's songs were released during the last five years — a stark contrast to the older-skewing song lists in previous Rock Band titles.
But that's not all the data show. Rock Band 4 has a high number of songs that made the Billboard charts, but the lowest number of no.-1 hits: only two. Rock Band 3, on the other hand, has 10 no. 1 songs, and another 10 that cracked the top 10. Rock Band 2 has five no. 1 hits, and 14 additional songs that cracked the top 10. (For more details, you can take a look at our full spreadsheet here.)
Billboard hits aren't the only thing that determine a song's merit by any stretch of the imagination; The Ramones' classic "Blitzkrieg Bop," for example, never made it to the Billboard charts. But analyzing Billboard performance was the best way we could come up with to empirically determine a song's cultural impact.
Additional reporting by Proma Khosla, Kimberly Truong and Kendal McAlpin.
IN PHOTO: Portuguese Air Force fighter F-16 (R) and Canadian Air Force fighter CF-18 Hornet patrol over Baltics airspace, from the Zokniai air base near Siauliai November 20, 2014. NATO pilots practised scrambling their jets on Wednesday, in preparation for potential further unauthorised Russian jets encountered on Baltic patrols. The flight drills were part of the NATO Baltic Air Policing Mission, a collective defence project which has been running for a decade.
IN PHOTO: Portuguese Air Force fighter F-16 (R) and Canadian Air Force fighter CF-18 Hornet patrol over Baltics airspace, from the Zokniai air base near Siauliai November 20, 2014. NATO pilots practised scrambling their jets on Wednesday, in preparation for potential further unauthorised Russian jets encountered on Baltic patrols. The flight drills were part of the NATO Baltic Air Policing Mission, a collective defence project which has been running for a decade. Reuters/Ints Kalnins
Lithuania, a member of the global military alliance NATO, has taken the bloc's escalating tensions with Russia seriously by publishing and distributing a manual to its citizens that will educate and prepare them what to do in the event Moscow finally decides to invade them.
In any and every war, yes gunshots will be heard and they will surely be many. But gunshots just outside one's window do not mean "the end of the world." Perhaps not yet. "Keep a sound mind, don't panic and don't lose clear thinking," the manual said.
The 100-page manual, Lithuania's Defence Ministry said, will be sent to libraries by next week. It will be given out during army events. Titled "How to act in extreme situations or instances of war," its sole purpose is to educate the country's citizens on what to do in the case of an invasion, Lithuanian Defence Minister Juozas Olekas said. Copies will also be given to secondary schools and non-governmental organizations. Lithuania made sure all corners are covered, by releasing an online version as well, available for download, from the Defence Ministry's website.
The manual highly encourages the citizens to hold demonstrations and strikes, and that they must be sure to hold them in a manner that is "worse than usual" to signify their strong discontent against foreign occupation. It also advised citizens to carry out cyber-attacks against the enemy and to use with no restraint the social media such as Twitter and Facebook for this purpose.
"When Russia started its aggression in Ukraine, here in Lithuania our citizens understood that our neighbour is not friendly," Olekas told Reuters. "The examples of Georgia and Ukraine, which both lost a part of their territory, show us that we cannot rule out a similar kind of situation here, and that we should be ready." They added the government might strongly require all future building construction to incorporate a bomb shelter on the premises.
Abstract
GRUB
The PC hard disk layout
This description details the structure at the start of a hard disk in a PC, and howfits into that structure.The diagram below is the disk layout of my linux laptop which is very standard. There are 4 primary partitions whose size and function are labeled, but this document is going to concentrate on the expanded area in the diagram at the start of the disk. I will describe its structure and how GRUB fits in. Note the structure is the same for Windows systems, only the content (grub) is different.
The Master Boot Record
boot record
dd bs=512 count=1 if=/dev/hda | od -Ax -tx1z -v
000000 eb 48 90 d0 bc 00 7c fb 50 07 50 1f fc be 1b 7c >.H....|.P.P....|< 000010 bf 1b 06 50 57 b9 e5 01 f3 a4 cb be be 07 b1 04 >...PW...........< 000020 38 2c 7c 09 75 15 83 c6 10 e2 f5 cd 18 8b 14 8b >8,|.u...........< 000030 ee 83 c6 10 49 74 16 38 2c 74 f6 be 10 07 03 02 >....It.8,t......< 000040 80 00 00 80 b8 85 64 00 00 08 fa 80 ca 80 ea 53 >......d........S< 000050 7c 00 00 31 c0 8e d8 8e d0 bc 00 20 fb a0 40 7c >|..1....... ..@|< 000060 3c ff 74 02 88 c2 52 be 79 7d e8 34 01 f6 c2 80 ><.t...R.y}.4....< 000070 74 54 b4 41 bb aa 55 cd 13 5a 52 72 49 81 fb 55 >tT.A..U..ZRrI..U< 000080 aa 75 43 a0 41 7c 84 c0 75 05 83 e1 01 74 37 66 >.uC.A|..u....t7f< 000090 8b 4c 10 be 05 7c c6 44 ff 01 66 8b 1e 44 7c c7 >.L...|.D..f..D|.< 0000a0 04 10 00 c7 44 02 01 00 66 89 5c 08 c7 44 06 00 >....D...f.\..D..< 0000b0 70 66 31 c0 89 44 04 66 89 44 0c b4 42 cd 13 72 >pf1..D.f.D..B..r< 0000c0 05 bb 00 70 eb 7d b4 08 cd 13 73 0a f6 c2 80 0f >...p.}....s.....< 0000d0 84 f0 00 e9 8d 00 be 05 7c c6 44 ff 00 66 31 c0 >........|.D..f1.< 0000e0 88 f0 40 66 89 44 04 31 d2 88 ca c1 e2 02 88 e8 >..@f.D.1........< 0000f0 88 f4 40 89 44 08 31 c0 88 d0 c0 e8 02 66 89 04 >..@.D.1......f..< 000100 66 a1 44 7c 66 31 d2 66 f7 34 88 54 0a 66 31 d2 >f.D|f1.f.4.T.f1.< 000110 66 f7 74 04 88 54 0b 89 44 0c 3b 44 08 7d 3c 8a >f.t..T..D.;D.}<.< 000120 54 0d c0 e2 06 8a 4c 0a fe c1 08 d1 8a 6c 0c 5a >T.....L......l.Z< 000130 8a 74 0b bb 00 70 8e c3 31 dbs b8 01 02 cd 13 72 >.t...p..1......r< 000140 2a 8c c3 8e 06 48 7c 60 1e b9 00 01 8e db 31 f6 >*....H|`......1.< 000150 31 ff fc f3 a5 1f 61 ff 26 42 7c be 7f 7d e8 40 >1.....a.&B|..}.@< 000160 00 eb 0e be 84 7d e8 38 00 eb 06 be 8e 7d e8 30 >.....}.8.....}.0< 000170 00 be 93 7d e8 2a 00 eb fe 47 52 55 42 20 00 47 >...}.*...GRUB .G< 000180 65 6f 6d 00 48 61 72 64 20 44 69 73 6b 00 52 65 >eom.Hard Disk.Re< 000190 61 64 00 20 45 72 72 6f 72 00 bb 01 00 b4 0e cd >ad. Error.......< 0001a0 10 ac 3c 00 75 f4 c3 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 >..<.u...........< 0001b0 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00 5f 00 5f 00 00 00 00 01 >........_._... ..< 0001c0 01 00 0b fe 7f 97 3f 00 00 00 59 03 64 00 00 00 >......?...Y.d...< 0001d0 41 98 83 fe 7f a4 98 03 64 00 cd 2f 03 00 00 00 >A.......d../....< 0001e0 41 a5 83 fe ff ff 65 33 67 00 fc 08 fa 00 80 fe >A.....e3g.......< 0001f0 ff ff 0f fe ff ff 61 3c 61 01 1f ed f2 00 55 aa >......a<a..... U.<
The DOS compatibility region
LBA
CHS
The first sector (512 bytes) is the MBR and consists of, 446 bytes bootloader, 64 bytes partition table and a 2 byte signature (0xAA55). It gets its name because it is the firstthat is loaded, which can then load other boot records from various locations on the disk. To give a hexdump of this first sector of the disk you can do(changing /dev/hda as appropriate for your setup):Note there is no mystery about or dissassembly required of the blue section above as GRUB is open source and one can download, inspect and modify its stage 1 source code.This region is optional as far as linux is concerned at least, but is added by default by most partition managers. To understand why this region was required we need to describe how disks used to be addressed. Generally now disks are addressed inmode which allows for greater capacity disks while abstracting software away from the specifics of the disk itself. Previously though disks were addressed inmode, which represented the physical construction of the disk as can be seen in the diagram below:
DOS had the requirement that its image did not span across cylinders, and so this region was added by partition managers so that the first partition was aligned on a cylinder boundary. Therefore this region's size is determined by the number of sectors (512 bytes) per cylinder. The maximum (and usual given todays disk sizes and LBA ) sectors per track is 63, which leaves 62 sectors free after the MBR (31,744 bytes).
GRUB uses this region to store its stage 1.5, which is file system specific code used to find the operating system image on the "boot" file system. Currently GRUB does not need all this space as can be seen for the copies of all the stage 1.5 files in the boot partition:
$ ls -lS /boot/grub/*stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 9428 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/reiserfs_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 9308 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/xfs_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 8448 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/jfs_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 7956 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/e2fs_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 7684 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/fat_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 7272 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/ufs2_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 7188 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/minix_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 7028 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/iso9660_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 6996 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/ffs_stage1_5 -rw-r--r-- 1 root root 6612 Mar 8 14:27 /boot/grub/vstafs_stage1_5
dd bs=512 seek=20 count=43 if=myfile of=/dev/hda
dd bs=512 skip=20 count=43 if=/dev/hda of=myfile
Therefore one could theoretically use the last 43 sectors of this region (22,016 bytes) for anything. There is no point in creating a file system in here as the overhead would be too much, but you could dd stuff in and out like:Noteyou know what your doing before running these commands.
Note on my laptop the last sector of this region contains the first sector of a MSWIN4.1 boot record (which I understand is 3 sectors in total), as it came with winxp installed (in a FAT32 partition). GRUB makes this sector redundant even in a dual boot situation, so don't worry about overwriting it. You can inspect this sector using: dd bs=512 skip=62 count=1 if=/dev/hda | od -Ax -tx1z -v
Note also the official grub docs on these disk areas which appeared about 7 years after I wrote the notes above.
GRUB 1 boot process
BIOS code reads MBR from a disk (looks at last 2 bytes to verify if MBR).
Starts executing bootloader code (GRUB stage 1).
Bootloader jumps to location (sector num) of next stage. This sector num is stored at a particular location in the bootloader "code" at GRUB install time and usually points to a stage 1.5 located in the "DOS compat space" immediately after the MBR.
Stage 1.5 knows about the boot file system so it opens the file system on the specified (at install time) partition. It looks for the stage 2 executable here and executes it. Note since stage 1.5 knows about the boot file system it gives much greater flexibility in upgrading stage 2 and the kernel etc. as their new locations don't need to be written to the earlier GRUB stages.
Stage 2 contains most of the GRUB logic. It loads the menu.lst file and executes the statements, usually providing a menu to the user etc.
Subsequent steps are distro specific but for completeness I'll describe them for my fedora linux distribution: When GRUB starts booting one of the entries, it reads the initial ramdisk and starts the kernel running telling it about the ramdisk.
In the initial ramdisk, the nash shell is run to parse the /linuxrc file. It essentially finds the location of the file system it itself is on and passes that to the kernel as its root (/) file system. This allows for greater flexibility of the devices the kernel resides on.
The kernel reads its root (/) file system and executes /bin/init by default. This in turn parses /etc/inittab which usually sets up the login consoles and starts executing the scripts in /etc/init.d
These scripts start various subsystems, culminating in starting X. X in turn starts the display manager which gives a login prompt.
GRUB 2 boot process
GRUB or the GRand Unified Bootloader is the usual bootloader used on linux systems, and resides on the system as described above. The boot process with GRUB is as follows:Here is a good overview of the GRUB 2 boot process which was written 5 years after I wrote the following notes.
The structure of GRUB images has changed quite a bit with version 2, (which is still in development at the time of writing). Instead of stage 1, stage 1.5 and stage 2 images it has a collection of modules that can be combined in different ways. To mirror the functionality the original GRUB's stages as described above, you would have for example:
stage 1 = boot.img
stage 1.5 = diskboot.img+kernel.img+pc.mod+ext2.mod (the core image)
stage 2 = normal.mod+_chain.mod
The boot process for GRUB 2 then would be:
BIOS code reads MBR from a disk (looks at last 2 bytes to verify if MBR).
Starts executing bootloader code (boot.img).
This loads the first sector of the core image (diskboot.img), whose location was stored at a particular location in boot.img at GRUB install time and usually points to the core image located in the "DOS compat space" immediately after the MBR. diskboot.img in turn loads and executes the rest of the core image.
These core image modules know about the boot file system and can open the file system on the specified (at install time) partition. It looks for and loads modules there, including normal.mod
normal.mod loads the grub.cfg file and executes the statements, usually providing a menu to the user etc.
Booting GRUB 2 from GRUB legacy
title GRUB2 entries root (hd0,0) kernel /grub2/core.img boot
© Jul 28 2005
This is a more flexible mechanism. For example one can prepend pxeboot.img to the core image instead of diskboot.img. This will then load the whole core image from the network and then start executing kernel.img.I hit this issue in Dec 2011 when I installed my new laptop with both Fedora 16 and RHEL 6.2. Each was given half the disk, with RHEL 6.2 installed last. Hence the MBR pointed to the boot partition in RHEL's portion of the disk; i.e. GRUB legacy. To get this in turn to boot GRUB2 as an option, in effect chainloading GRUB2 from GRUB1, I added this entry to the old GRUB menu.lst
After this story broke this afternoon, conservative Twitter spent an enjoyable half-hour swapping links to some of the many statements Obama's made over the years insisting on regime change in Syria. How about this classic, from all the way back in 2011? Or how about this one from just three months ago? Better yet, how about this one from a mere four weeks ago? With the possible exception of “If you like your plan, you can keep your plan,” no Obama lie has been told more often or better captures their failures as president.
Obama wants regime change. Putin doesn't want regime change. Regime change canceled.
“The United States and our partners are not seeking so-called regime change,” Kerry told reporters in the Russian capital after meeting President Vladimir Putin. A major international conference on Syria would take place later this week in New York, Kerry announced… [A]fter a day of discussions with Assad's key international backer, Kerry said the focus now is “not on our differences about what can or cannot be done immediately about Assad.” Rather, it is on facilitating a peace process in which “Syrians will be making decisions for the future of Syria.”… Kerry said, “No one should be forced to choose between a dictator and being plagued by terrorists.” However, they described the Syrian opposition's demand that Assad must leave as soon as peace talks begin as a “nonstarting position, obviously.”
We're still insisting Assad must go, mind you, just … eventually:
Today, the U.S. no longer seeks Assad's ouster. Yesterday this was in David Remnick's New Yorker piece. pic.twitter.com/uwrckylACz — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) December 15, 2015
Twitter pal David Shor made a nice catch this afternoon from this NYT story from a few days ago. Is there a difference between “regime change” and “Assad change”? Hmmmm:
The United States, for its part, wants Mr. Assad to leave power, but not necessarily to destroy their government, which would create further chaos and even more refugees and migrants — the issue that preoccupies most of the European members of NATO.
If you get rid of Assad and their cadre of Alawite cronies, there's no one left with any experience at the top to manage post-war Syria. A coalition government of Sunnis and newly installed Alawites might not know what they're doing — see, e.g., Libya — and could deteriorate into sectarian bickering, which will just start the war all over again. So, a compromise: Get rid of Assad, the head of the regime and the lightning rod for Sunni hatred, and see if Sunnis will tolerate (even if only temporarily) a caretaker government largely staffed by Assad veterans. Russia might be willing to accept that; they don't care about Assad per se, just that the government in Damascus continues to make Syria hospitable to Russian bases. Iran may not be thrilled to see a reliable proxy like Assad go but keeping an Alawaite regime in place will reassure them. Iran may have less leverage than it used to, also, since Iranian troops are now reportedly leaving the battlefield. The Sunnis won't like having Assad's government still in charge, but having them out would be a major concession and the international powers brokering this peace deal would presumably try to further appease them by insisting on some sort of Sunni representation in the new regime or greater local control of Sunni-dominated areas.
One obvious question, though: Why make a concession now, after four years of insisting that Assad must go, if Iran's grip on Syria is weakening and Putin is allegedly getting bogged down in the Syrian quagmire? If the Shiites and their allies are weakening, now's the moment to double down and insist that Assad must go ASAP even if “the regime” writ large remains in place for awhile.
You've probably seen more than your fair share of stories about UFO sightings. An astronaut on the ISS just has to catch footage of a fireball shooting across Earth's skies, and conspiracy theorists have a field day. Whether it's clouds that look like spaceships or rogue meteors, the internet loves a good alien conspiracy.
But former NASA engineer James Oberg has taken it upon themselves to trawl through all the sightings and stories out there and politely debunk them, using science.
The conclusion? Most of your "insane UFO sightings" are little more than 'space dandruff', or your brain misunderstanding of what space travel actually looks like, says Oberg.
As Cara Giaimo from Atlas Obscura reports, after working at NASA mission control in the late '90s, Oberg went on to become a space journalist and historian. It wasn't until a few years ago that they started to take UFO sightings seriously.
Their goal isn't to simply crap all over true believers - they call that "stomping on dormice" - instead he's interested in teasing out exactly what's going on in these images and videos, and trying to figure out why people are reacting so strongly to them.
Their hypothesis? Our human senses are so used to focussing on relatively slow-moving objects, as well as certain light and atmosphere conditions, that when things change, our brains get confused.
"Our sensory system is functioning absolutely perfectly for Earth conditions," Oberg told Giaimo. "But we're still a local civilisation. Moving beyond our neighbourhood has been visually confusing."
Some of the most common sighting they have to debunk are to do with NASA astronauts reportedly seeing UFOS and being forced to keep silent, which Oberg says is a result of us watching too much sci-fi and not really understanding what space really looks like.
"I've had enough experience with real spaceflight to realise that what's being seen in many videos is nothing beyond the 'norm' from fully mundane phenomena occurring in unearthly settings," Oberg writes over on their site.
Here are some of the more common reports you might have seen on the interwebs, and Oberg's explanation of what's really going on:
UFO sightings at the International Space Station
The real story? Space dandruff, which are things that have shed off space vehicles during flight, like ice flakes, paint chips, or fragments of insulation. They're different to space junk, because they don't pose a real threat to spacecraft, Oberg explains on their site.
These flecks of dandruff are pretty common, but the reason they look so weird to us is that we're not used to the way these objects look when they fall while the space station is travelling through space.
It's the same reason why people see so many UFOs in the footage filmed by the cameras attached to NASA's old space shuttle missions.
In these videos, people usually freak out because the spots seem to dance in and out of view, or suddenly appear and disappear. Which is pretty creepy if you're sitting at your computer on Earth, but isn't that weird if you're on a space shuttle travelling 28,000 km/h (17,500 mph) - nothing's going to stay in your frame of vision very long.
And if the spacecraft is in the right position in relation to the Sun, it can also cast its shadow onto these objects to make them disappear and reappear, which is known as 'twilight shadowing'.
That weird Californian flare across the night sky
At the end of 2015, people in southern California freaked out when they saw a bright white light shoot across the night sky.
But, as was cleared up pretty soon after the incident, it was actually the result of a planned, unarmed missile test by the US Navy. That strange looking trail of light was the plume of particles blasted out by the rocket thruster.
So why did it look so creepy to everyone else? Because here on Earth, we're used to seeing thin vapour trails left by planes, or billowing smoke plumes. But most of us have rarely (if ever) seen anything so big and sharp as this.
"There were thousands of people who were absolutely processing their visual stimuli correctly if [the plume] was a mile away or 10 miles away [16 km]," Oberg told Atlas Obscura. "But it was 300 miles [482 km] away, up in space and sunlit, which never occurred to them, because this is not something within the normal range of human experience."
All of this isn't to say we should give up on sharing our UFO sightings, or assuming that everything is 'normal'.
"It's good to keep scanning space video for possible anomalies and reporting them quickly," Oberg told The Huffington Post back in 2013.
"The reason is, there is always a real chance that it could be a genuine anomaly, either a spacecraft malfunction or other threat, expected or unexpected. In the past, missions have failed because a clue that should have been seen out the window was overlooked."
Head over to Atlas Obscura to read the full interview, and more debunkings, with Oberg.
Designed to fit the Mighty and Crafty Vaporizers in place of the cooling unit. This adapter will work with both 14mm and 18mm female bubblers / waterpipes.
To use, simply unlock and remove the cooling unit from the vaporizer and attach the adapter. Twist adapter to lock into place.
(NOTE! Locking threads are made from flexible rubber to ensure no damage/strain on the plastic body of the vaporizer while in use. Under extreme strain, the adapter will disengage from the plastic as opposed to stressing it. Dosing Capsules are recommended to ensure no ABV spills in the event your adapter disengages from the threads! For best results, we have found twisting vaporizer clockwise while removing from glass ensures the adapter remains connected to the vape).
Adapters are safe to clean with any traditional glass cleaning methods including hot water, Isopropyl Alcohol, and PBW.
UPDATE: This adapter is confirmed compatible with the Vivant Alternate Vaporizer
NEW SONG2 MATERIAL - These SonG2 adapters are made with new higher quality stronger (stiffer) silicone rubber using the latest in silicone molding technology.
WHILE RUBBER IS STIFF, WE RECOMMEND USING TWO HANDS FOR SAFE OPERATION
(Glass waterpipe, vaporizer, and stand NOT included with this purchase)
*WARNING: Saturating any silicone rubber with ISO Alcohol for extended periods of time will harden the rubber (risking damage to your adapter). ISO Alcohol may be used for cleaning but please avoid prolonged exposure exceeding one hour*
A state senator who served as co-chair of Mitt Romney's Wisconsin campaign suggested this week that the Republican presidential nominee would have carried the state if a voter ID law had been in place.Voter ID “absolutely” would have made a difference in the outcome of the election, state Sen. Alberta Darling (R) told Mike Gousha of WISN on Sunday. They suggested that voter fraud helped President Barack Obama win the state.
“We're looking at all sorts of different precincts and all sorts of same-day registrations,” Darling said. “I know people will go, ‘We don't have fraud and abuse in our elections.' But why, why can't we have voter ID when the majority of our people in Wisconsin wanted it, we passed it, the governor signed it? Why should one judge in Dane County be able to hold it up?”
A Wisconsin judge put the state's voter ID law on hold in March, and the Wisconsin Supreme Court later declined to take up the case.
Obama won more than 52 percent of the vote in Wisconsin. Their margin of victory over Romney was more than 200,000 votes.
(H/T Amanda Terkel / Huffington Post)
Door-knocking in their condo-heavy riding of Vancouver Centre, Liberal candidate Hedy Fry encounters at least three naked people every campaign season. Them NDP rival, Constance Barnes, goes by a different metric, estimating one in 30 tenants answers the door in the buff.
The key, both advise, is to maintain strict eye contact.
"There was one guy who had an oxygen mask on, they had a joint in their hand and their penis was very exposed," Ms. Barnes recalled. "I said, 'I'll come back another time,' and they said, 'No, it's all good. Let's talk now.'
Story continues below advertisement
"I just try and go with it. I focus on the eyes, focus on the eyes."
The arduous act of canvassing – knocking on constituents' doors and shaking hands in efforts to secure their vote – can be either an opportunity for invaluable face time with the electorate or an annoying campaign necessity, depending on whom you ask.
But in condo-heavy ridings such as Vancouver Centre – which includes the city's downtown core, where the majority of residents live behind secured doors and high up in apartments, condos and other multiresidence buildings – door-knocking presents a host of additional challenges and oddities.
Including the occasional naked tenant. Green candidate Lisa Barrett says they have greeted nary a naked person to date, but that such an encounter would not faze them
"Who can blame them?" they said. "There we are, goodness' sakes, intruding on their private space." (Conservative candidate Elaine Allan could not be reached for an interview.)
Ms. Barnes attributes the mysterious phenomenon to condo dwellers not being accustomed to unexpected visitors.
"Sometimes you'll get people who will do this," they said, miming a person peeking out from behind a door. "But there will be a mirror behind them and they don't realize it. It's like, 'I can see you.'"
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Many tenants ask candidates how they got into the building. Under the Canada Elections Act, building managers must allow candidates into multiple-residence buildings to canvass between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m. during the writ period or risk a fine of up to $5,000, imprisonment for up to six months or both. Rare exceptions are allowed if residents' physical or emotional well-being may be harmed as a result of this access.
However, few candidates have filed complaints over lack of access. Michelle Laliberté, a spokesperson for the Commissioner of Canada Elections, said the office received less than 20 such complaints nationally for the 2011 campaign.
In a best-case scenario for the candidates, a building manager provides a key fob that grants access to the entire building. But despite access being mandated by federal law, some managers refuse to let candidates inside. As a work-around, the candidates say they buzz a supporter's door to gain entry, canvassing neighbouring suites upon entry. But there are obstacles there as well.
"Some of the new condos are fobbed on each floor," Dr. Fry said. "In the old days, once you were let in, you could run up and down the stairs and hit each floor. We still have a lot of those in the riding, but a lot of the new condos are a challenge because of this [single-floor] fob thing."
There is a consensus that most residents are warm, with many inviting the candidates in for food or a drink. (They decline.) But a few are less so, and it's not uncommon for candidates to have doors slammed in their faces.
"Some people look at you and say, 'Oh my God,' and blam," Dr. Fry said. "It's like the ghost of their ex-wife appeared."
Story continues below advertisement
A bustling downtown riding also means heavy foot traffic, which candidates take advantage of by hitting city streets. Ms. Barrett estimates they can speak to about 100 people an hour handing out flyers in commercial areas, compared with 20 an hour knocking on doors.
During the morning rush-hour commute, Dr. Fry and their team sometimes position themselves on one of the riding's three bridges and jump up and down with campaign signs.
"Either they smile, or they wave, or they honk," they said. "In Vancouver Centre, there's also a tradition called the middle-finger salute. I always think what they're telling me is, 'You're No. 1!'"
Americans may finally be ready to confront the dehumanizing horrors facing women service members.
Early this month, news broke on a military website called the War Horse that nude photos of women service members had been posted on a closed Facebook group called Marines United. In the days that followed, the Marine Corps announced that the Naval Criminal Investigation Service was launching an investigation. The Marine Corps leadership addressed the issue in a video and in Capitol Hill testimony. Since then, stories have come out showing that other branches of the military also took part in the photo scandal, and victims have spoken out to tell their own stories.
After word of the scandal broke, I tried and failed to write about it; I was stymied by frustration, irritation, and resignation: Once again, the world was reeling with disgust over the dehumanization of American service members. And this time the wound was entirely self-inflicted.
One of the more grim parts of this story is the reaction I received from Afghanistan and Iraq war veterans when I asked them what they made of the scandal. “To be honest, I am more surprised that anyone is shocked,” one West Point graduate now serving in the Army who did tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan told me. Them view summed up those of women in uniform that I have spoken with over the past two weeks, in both the conventional Army and Marine Corps and special operations. Some are now deployed in the Middle East in the fight against the Islamic State, and others have recently returned from Afghanistan.
For two years, I reported on an all-women special operations team recruited in 2011 for Army Ranger and Navy SEAL missions, and wrote a book called Ashley's War, which told the story of one of these teams on the battlefield in Afghanistan. During that time, the ban on servicewomen in ground combat remained very much in place. In the process of my reporting, I found I'd inadvertently landed on a cultural fault line I had not known existed. I've since seen, firsthand, the misconceptions, the satisfied ignorance, and the firmly rooted apathy directed towards servicewomen by many who otherwise champion either America's troops or women's advancement. Over those two years, I learned that women in uniform can find themselves caught between advocates whose support they would otherwise have, but for either their gender or their line of work. Those who support men in uniform sometimes don't know how to feel about women serving on what was once an all-male battlefield, and those who support women's rights sometimes don't know how to feel about the work women do to defend America.
But if the Marine Corps scandal has done one thing, perhaps it has stirred people to the cost of indifference.
Certainly the need to acknowledge the sacrifice and valor of servicewomen has been clear for a long while. During my reporting for my book, a retired Navy captain told me of a time in the 1980s when they were allowed to visit a carrier in the Indian Ocean only during daylight hours because servicewomen were not allowed to stay overnight. The men who held the job before and after them usually stayed two nights on the carrier to accomplish the tasks they had about 10 hours to complete before nightfall. When the Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders visited the ship to offer a morale boost, on the other hand, they faced no such restrictions and were free to stay overnight.
At a book party for Ashley's War in Palo Alto, for example, a woman working in the tech industry told me it was “very sad” these young women didn't have any other options and wondered why any woman would join the military. I explained to them what I had learned: nearly all the women I met in the course of writing my bookhad either graduated from college ROTC programs or demanding, prestigious service academies like West Point. “These young women could have chosen to go to [the consulting firms] Bain or McKinsey, just like the young women you know,” I said. “But they were driven by something different—a desire to serve.” They looked befuddled.
When I gave a TED Talk on these topics, the chief challenge was to “humanize” the women who had served in America's longest war and seen the kind of combat experienced by less than five percent of the entire United States military. I needed to show civilians that these women looked just like them, that they could relate to and understand them. That this was needed at all shocked me at first. But the more I heard civilians voice their views of servicewomen, the more I realized I shouldn't have been surprised in the first place.
Now, Americans are talking about a scandal that turned the most intimate moments of those who served into fodder for public humiliation. Lawmakers on Capitol Hill are calling for change, introducing legislation to address the needs of women veterans. The commandant of the Marine Corps released a powerful video statement. And servicewomen are speaking up to share their stories with an American public that finally looks ready to hear them.
But why did it take this scandal to shake the public out of its apathy? And who are the public allies of women in uniform? They've been missing in action for quite some time.
In an appearance on C-SPAN in the summer of 2015, I discussed the graduation of women from Army Ranger school. After the discussion, viewers called in to share their thoughts. By an overwhelming margin, the calls came from people who didn't believe that Ranger School held women to the same standard as men, despite the Army leadership's comments and displays to the contrary; people who opposed women in uniform on the battlefield as a “distraction”; and viewers who questioned whether women's desire to wear a ponytail or makeup made them unfit for battle. The questions grew so derisive that a caller who said they were from Ethiopia finally interrupted the stream of criticism. “I am surprised to hear the chauvinistic and misogynist things being said,” the caller said, speaking of Ethiopian women they knew who served with valor in battle. “When I am hearing this in America, that people would question what women are capable of, it is shocking to me.” They were the lone caller that day who expressed support for women service members.
Last week, in testimony on the scandal before the Senate Armed Services committee, Gen. Robert Neller, commandant of the Marine Corps, recalled the heroism and sacrifice of women Marines in the post-9/11 wars. “How much more do the females of the Corps have to do to be accepted? Was it enough when Maj. Megan McClung was killed by an IED in Ramadi?” Neller asked. McClung was the Naval Academy's first female graduate to be killed in action. “Or Capt. Jennifer Harris, killed when their helicopter was shot down while they were flying blood from Baghdad to Fallujah Surgical? Or Cpls. Jennifer Parcell, Holly Ann Charette and Ramona Valdez—all killed by the hands of our enemies? What is it going to take to accept these Marines as Marines?”
Sen. Joni Ernst, a lieutenant colonel in the Iowa National Guard and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, echoed Neller's concern, and put the blame on all Americans, along with the Marine Corps. “This is Service-wide. And so we need a Service-wide approach to addressing this issue. This is a cultural problem not just in our military, but society at large,” Ernst said. “Hearing that many individuals were not surprised about these reports disappoints me.”
In fact, military leaders who have seen what women have done on the battlefield since 9/11 have been among their most eloquent supporters.
“In 2003, when I got to Baghdad, as the commander of 1st Armored Division, my first foray out of the forward operating base, I hopped into the up-armored Humvee, and I asked the driver … who they are, where they were from, and I slapped the turret gunner around the leg, and I said, ‘Who are you?'” said former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Martin Dempsey at the 2013 press conference announcing the end of the ban barring women from ground combat. “And they leaned down and said, ‘I'm Amanda.' And I said, ‘Ah, okay.' So, female turret-gunner protecting division commander. And it's from that point on that I realized something had changed, and it was time to do something about it.”
But Dempsey and others faced a lonely fight. And for years, their voices have been overwhelmed by those who felt free, guided by few facts and even fewer inhibitions, to question women's valor and fitness on the basis of their gender. Perhaps the one positive byproduct of the Marines United scandal is that it will force those who stand by all service members—regardless of gender—off the sidelines.
ALAMEDA — Five robbers chased a man and set upon them outside the Alameda Police Department early Sunday morning, repeatedly punching and kicking them when they tried to escape after they were initially confronted at gunpoint.
The 22-year-old victim, who lives in Alameda, told police they had just exited the 7-Eleven at Lincoln Avenue and Oak Street at 1:35 a.m. when a man stepped up to them in the parking lot, pointed a black semi-automatic handgun at their face and demanded theirs money.
When the victim refused, the man struck them across the mouth with the firearm, Alameda police Lt. Ted Horlbeck said.
The victim fled from the parking lot and ran toward the police station — which is located at the same intersection — pursued by the suspect, as well as by two other men and two women.
The group caught up with the victim on the Lincoln Avenue side of the station near the department's rear driveway, where they tackled them and all five suspects repeatedly punched and kicked him, Horlbeck said.
The victim was transported to Highland Hospital in Oakland, where they were treated for a skull fracture and multiple cuts and bruises, police said.
The victim could not provide a detailed description of the suspects. Each man was described as about 20 years old and each was wearing dark clothing. The women were also as in their 20s with dark hair. Each stands about 5 feet 6 inches tall and has a medium build.
The suspects fled in possibly a green 1990s Dodge Ram pickup and in a newer model Dodge Challenger, police said. Both vehicles pulled up during the assault and were apparently driven by accomplices of the suspects.
Alameda police ask anyone with information to call 510-337-8340.
Reach Peter Hegarty at 510-748-1654 or follow them on Twitter.com/Peter_Hegarty.
Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps is saying the city has no plans to ‘scrap' their dispensary bylaws in response to a recent Facebook post from cannabis activist Dana Larsen saying the city intends to do so.
Larsen, who is seeking to generate attention for their own Sensible BC Candidate in the Vancouver City Council by-election this week, posted on their own Facebook page over the weekend that the Victoria Mayor has said they plan to ‘scrap' the city's dispensary bylaws, making way for 'big companies' and ‘corporate cannabis.' The Vancouver by-election takes place Oct 14, with early voting Oct 4 and 10.
Larsen's Facebook post references an article from December 2016 that says the mayor intends to get rid of the regulations once the province takes over with their own regulations.
"Mayor of Victoria announces they will scrap dispensary bylaws next year and let big companies take over! Having a city business license won't protect you if they scrap their bylaws and take the license away" reads the post.
"This is a lie and taking my words out of context. I did not say that we would let big companies take over. I said that when the Provincial and Federal government rules come into effect we will adjust our bylaws accordingly."-Victoria Mayor Lisa Helps
However, in a request for comment today, the Victoria Mayor says the city has no intention of getting rid of their regulations.
“We will not ‘scrap our bylaws,' we will ensure that our bylaws come in line with the federal and provincial rules,” the Mayor told Lift this morning after seeing the Facebook post.
"This is a lie and taking my words out of context," the Mayor continued. "I did not say that we would let big companies take over. I said that when the Provincial and Federal government rules come into effect we will adjust our bylaws accordingly."
Victoria began actively working on their own dispensary regulations in 2016 and began the process of issuing business licences in April of this year. In March of this year they announced they would begin to enforce those regulations.
Victoria councillor Marianne Alto, speaking as Acting Mayor at the recent annual meeting of BC Municipalities at the UBCM last month, said they think it's very possible for the city's licensed dispensaries to be transitioned to a legal market, but that there are still unknowns when it comes to the province.
“I think it's entirely possible [to transition dispensaries] and the answer to that is going to rest with what the province and feds do. From the city's perspective, those dispensaries that have gone through our process and succeeded are fine. They've met all of the regulations that we've constructed and they've met all of the terms and thresholds that we've set out, they've paid the right fees, they've done their rezoning application, they've done their commercial licensing. From our perspective, they've met our tests.”
“If it's a dispensary that currently exists under the regulatory framework set up by a municipality, and that has met the threshold, I can't see a reason why it can't transition into a quote ‘legal' entity, unless it fails a new test set out by the province or the federal government.”
“Now the question is going to be, are they compatible with and do they meet the test that the province and the federal government set, and I don't know the answer to that question. What will they do?"
As for the province, Minister of Public Safety and Solicitor General of British Columbia Mike Farnworth, BC's lead on the cannabis file, says they see the need for different models that work for different municipalities.
“We have not yet landed on any decisions around the retail model that will be in place, because I've made it clear, there are different opinions in different parts of the province,” says Farnworth. “Vancouver has taken one approach, Victoria has taken another approach, but what works in Vancouver may not work in Port Coquitlam or may not work in Prince George or Campbell River or Fort Nelson or Cranbrook. We are open to putting in place a regime that works for the different parts of this province.”
Color story: It's not every day that we get a behind-the-scenes look at one of the most prestigious fashion houses in the world—so you can bet we're reveling in Hermès's new film. Dubbed La Fabrique de la Soie, the video was shot by Craig McDean and offers a playful, colorful peek at the house's silk workshop, including over 600 different designs. The best part? All the silk featured in the film is available online at the brand's La Maison des Carrés site. [Hermès]
Gucci moment: Vogue reports that Cate Blanchett is the very first lucky lady to wear Gucci's S/S 17 collection on the red carpet. The dramatic dress debuted in Milan just two weeks ago, and it's truly a sight to behold. Head over to Vogue to see them gown. [Vogue]
Cool girl: French actor, singer, and model Josephine de la Baume chatted with Semaine for an in-depth interview that's definitely worth a read. From their go-to spots in their hometown of Paris to their style mantra, de la Baume spilled everything on how to master that French girl je ne sais quoi. Read the full interview on Semaine's website. [Semaine]
Budget buys: Need to spruce up your home on the cheap? IKEA just released a new limited-edition line that's chock-full of stylish pieces for your space. MyDomaine rounded up the specific items you should swipe up before they're gone. [MyDomaine]
In the 1990s, when I was a technology analyst on Wall Street, I often heard economists explain why Japan's economy and stock market were mired in a lost decade.
Japan, the economists said, refused to acknowledge that its banks were insolvent. Japan was allowing the banks to continue to pretend that they were healthy--by not writing down bad loans and by making new loans so companies could pay interest on bad loans and the bankers could say that the bad loans were good loans. Until Japan forced its banks to write off bad loans and stop making new loans to pay interest on bad loans, the economists said, Japan's economy would suffer.
The economists always said this as though it was the most obvious thing in the world. The Japanese were just wimpy socialists who lacked the balls to face up to reality.
And now so are we!
A few years ago, the U.S. put an accounting rule in place that was designed to help us avoid becoming Japan: mark-to-market. Since the market is the best judge of the value of any security (better than the average individual, always), mark-to-market makes it harder for banks to lie to themselves and the rest of us about what their loans are worth.
Banks loved mark-to-market when markets were going up, because they no longer had to defend the high prices they placed on their assets. They could just mark them to the market price, watch billions of dollars of profits flow through to the bottom line, and cash in at the end of the year.
Now that markets are going down, however, banks are screaming bloody murder about mark-to-market, because it is making them insolvent. Banks don't like being insolvent (who would?), so they have been kicking and screaming about how mark-to-market should be eliminated.
(Of course, the banks aren't stupid, so they don't say that mark-to-market should be eliminated because it is putting them out of business. They say it should be eliminated because, this time, the market is wrong: It's not that so many loans are going to go bad. It's that we are having a little liquidity crisis. The moment we fix the liquidity crisis, prices will go back up.)
Banks employ lots of people (voters) and give lots of money to politicians. So, naturally, when banks screamed about the horrific unfairness of mark-to-market, politicians listened. And began screaming, too. And so did investors, who kept losing their shirts.
And with the politicians and bankers and investors all screaming and losing their shirts, the folks who work at FASB (the people who establish accounting rules) suddenly began to feel a little less popular at cocktail parties. No longer were they the folks who had figured out how to help our banks and investors and politicians get rich in the boom years. Now, they were the folks who were putting our banks out of business, costing investors their shirts and employees and politicians their jobs. All in the name of some silly little accounting rule that no one understands.
So FASB caved. And changed mark-to-market.
So now banks can go back to saying their assets are worth whatever they want them to be worth again. And we can pretend that bad loans are good loans and make more bad loans to help keep other good loans from going bad (would you like a new loan to pay the interest on that old loan?) and investors won't get wiped out and employees and politicians won't get fired and everything can be hunky dory.
Image caption Spanish trainees in Germany: Many Spaniards are now looking for jobs abroad
Germany says it will help Spain to launch German-style apprenticeships for its young people, half of whom are unemployed because of the debt crisis.
Spain's Education Minister, Jose Ignacio Wert, signed an agreement with their German counterpart in Stuttgart on Thursday, to give more Spaniards on-the-job training with German firms.
Spain's youth unemployment has soared to 52% - the highest rate in the EU.
Mr Wert said Spain must learn from German best practice to improve skills.
"We want Germany to be our sherpa on this job training adventure," they told Germany's Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper.
"We have 1.5 million university students and only 270,000 trade school students." They added that students were getting far more theory than practical experience, and that many lacked foreign language skills.
The education minister toured a Daimler workshop for trainees in Esslingen, near Stuttgart, with their German counterpart Annette Schavan.
Germany's "dual" education system, combining numerous practical apprenticeships with classroom studies, is widely admired in Europe and seen as a vital factor in Germany's export success.
Ms Schavan said Germany would expand educational exchanges with Spain and help Madrid develop its own dual system. German firms doing business in Spain will be encouraged to hire and train more young Spaniards.
Germany's youth unemployment rate, at 7.9%, is much lower than in many of Germany's EU partners.
Ms Schavan told Reuters TV that "there are great jobs and apprenticeships here", noting that young Spaniards can already look for work in Germany.
But they said "there must also be another approach: in Spain and in countries where so far there is no vocational training, it must be introduced and companies must be convinced to introduce it".
The Labour Minister for Germany's North Rhine-Westphalia region, Guntram Schneider, voiced scepticism about the initiative, however.
Mr Schneider, a member of the opposition Social Democratic party (SPD), said some parts of Germany had an acute lack of training places for jobless youths.
They said many apprentices had to take jobs they had not been trained for and "skills tourism" in the EU was not a solution to youth unemployment, Germany's ARD news reported.
Onyx Path Publishing have had a run of very successful Kickstarters, built up a loyal fan base and developed a reputation for both looking after popular RPGs and innovation. The latest project is a Kickstarter for Beast: The Primordial which is going strong. This is a brand-new title, that's had some controversy and plenty of successes, so Geek Native was lucky enough to quiz Rich Thomas, Rose Bailey and author Matt McFarland about the game.
[Back the Campaign]
Some of Geek Native's readers will know old World of Darkness very well. What's new World of Darkness all about? What's different? Why make the switch?
Rose Bailey:
I'll take this one since I've had a blast working on both the new World of Darkness and the 20th anniversary era of the classic setting.
Since we publish both Worlds of Darkness now, I think of them less than sequels or replacements for each other, and more than sister settings with their own virtues and attitude. Something like Elementary and Sherlock. Or NIN's “Hurt” and Johnny Cash's.
For example, you have Vampire: The Requiem, which takes the idea of a hidden culture of vampires existing beneath the surface of our everyday world, but dials in on the personal and social horror, as well as introducing a very different mythology from Masquerade. Then, you have Promethean: The Created, which is an entirely new game exploring the mythology around creatures like Frankenstein's monster. Beast: The Primordial is another game in that tradition, looking at the gorgons and giants and big bad wolves that haunt our cultures' histories.
What's the relationship between Onyx Path and CCP Games?
Rich Thomas:
At the end of 2011, I left CCP and started Onyx Path Publishing with the licenses from CCP to create tabletop RPGs for classic World of Darkness, nWoD, and Exalted. Other than the licenses I just mentioned, we also purchased complete ownership of Scion and all the Trinity game lines, and we partnered with Stewart Wieck's Nocturnal Media company to buy the Scarred Lands fantasy setting from CCP as well. But other than the licenses, we're a completely independent game publisher.
Could you tell us about Beast? What's the theme and tone like?
Matt McFarland:
In Beast, players take on the role of the embodiments of ancient nightmares, people adopted (or born?) into families of creatures from humanity's most terrifying legends. Dragons, krakens, griffins, and stranger things, Beasts are people who heed the wisdom of their nightmares, letting fear act as a cautionary tale instead of trying to ignore it or bury it. Eventually, they attract the notice of other Beasts, and their souls are Devoured during one final nightmare, only to be replaced by a Horror from the Primordial Dream. From then on, they're the ones teaching lessons through fear.
One of the themes of Beast is “no neat little boxes.” Yes, mages and changelings both refer to place called “Arcadia.” It's not the same place, as far as anyone knows, but there are some similarities. The World of Darkness is big enough for everyone to exist alongside one another, and Beast acknowledges that and hopefully provides a possible context for it happening.
The theme of family is also pretty strong, and that's a big part of the inspiration. The Beasts call themselves “Children” or “Begotten,” and they revere the Dark Mother – a kind of Echnida-like nightmare goddess – as their creator. But they also view the vampires, werewolves, and so forth of the World of Darkness as kin. Does that mean they all get along? No way (do you get along with your family all the time?). But it brings a kind of cohesion to the World of Darkness that I think wasn't there before.
Now, does that mean that the Beasts are right? Is this an objective truth? Not at all. Like most other character types, they have their beliefs, and they seem to have some evidence. The truth is probably bigger than what they can see.
There's been some negative commentary around the original text planned for the game after you shared it as part of the Kickstarter. Can you walk us through what happened?
Rich Thomas:
Basically, we posted a link to the pretty much completed text for Beast on the Kickstarter page, which is an approach that has really worked well for us when we can do it. The KS funded in like 12 hours, which was awesome, and yet we began to receive messages that indicated to us that something wasn't right with how the text was being received. At least one social media site blew up with arguments, and a lot of these were based on interpretations of the material we had never intended. This is not that unusual of an occurrence with a new WoD game line, but this time, the arguments were citing the text in ways that we had never considered.
We began to realize that somewhere in the process of making Beast, the complexities and deliberate ambiguities of trying to deliver a game about these terrifying Beasts and their eternal foes the Heroes, the text had lost the point we were trying to make. For a variety of reasons actually, so it wasn't just one issue. Mostly, we felt like we had all been concerned with some aspects of the book to such a degree that we couldn't note the issues folks had written in about. The overall tone and specific details just didn't line up, and we realized we had the responsibility to revise that text so that our original intentions with the game came through to our community.
Which is what Matt is doing this very second, and we will be posting a revised text doc link on the Beast Kickstarter page as soon as we can so folks can see what we always meant to do with the line.
Rose Bailey:
It's not the first time a White Wolf game's been controversial. Sometimes we're misunderstood, sometimes we're unclear, and sometimes… well, sometimes, we're just wrong. None of those things feels great. But creating controversy and, sometimes, having to course-correct, is part of producing games that are relevant to real life, that people can relate to. I'd rather work on games that mean something — and risk being misinterpreted, and risk having to revise, and risk falling on my face — than have my work dismissed as “just for fun, don't think about it too hard.”
The day people stop thinking seriously about World of Darkness games is the day I no longer have any reason to write them.
Beast seems keen to remind us that it is crossover friendly. Is that an important request from fans?
Rich Thomas:
We've certainly had that request from fans, but the crossover aspect of Beast is something developer Matt McFarland was very keen on, and they pitched the idea in a way that made a lot of sense in terms of how to provide even more richness to nWoD. The upcoming text revision is going to really fine-tune the existing information and that provides many, many plot hooks and solid rules info to enable crossovers already. But, you know, even with the material in Beast to weave these various types of supernatural creatures together, the info in there is still something that can be used as Storytellers desire. A single Chronicle doesn't have to include every single other game line to be fun, and Beast gives players the choice in how to tell the kind of stories they want to tell, as usual.
Can you give us some suggestions or examples of how you think Beast: the Primordial works nicely with other new World of Darkness titles?
Matt McFarland:
Glimpses of the Unknown and Mysterious Places are good collections of the all-around weirdness of the World of Darkness, that isn't specific to any one game line. Both can serve as good fodder for Beast.
Which are your favourite parts of the game?
Matt McFarland:
I love the Nightmares that Travis Stout wrote. Nightmares are one of the power sets that Beasts use, and they allow the Beast to bring out archetypal fears and make them manifest. One of them is called “All Your Teeth Are Falling Out,” and it makes the target feel sick and weak, like their body is getting older and betraying them.
I also like Lairs. I enjoy customizabilty in games generally. In Beast, all the characters have a little pocket realm between the nightmares of humanity where their Horror – the terrible creature that replaces their soul – lives. The Lair can look like whatever the player wants, but if the characters finds themselves somewhere that resembles the Lair in some way, they were brought the Lair to the physical world. It's one of the aspects of Beast I'm looking forward to exploring as I run my own Beast chronicle.
What three tips would you give Storytellers preparing to run their first Beast: the Primordial game?
Matt McFarland:
1) Talk to your players and get a sense of their comfort zones. Beast is a game that explores some dark, violent, territory. Make sure that what you're going to allow at the table is fun for everyone.
2) Do character creation as a group. Find the points of connection between characters. Figure out why they're together and how they go about supporting each other. Help the players design their Lairs and encourage connections between them.
3) Discuss crossover. Find out how the players want to handle it. If someone at the table really doesn't like a given game, don't include those characters, at least not at first. Find out if the players would be interested in having one member of the group take on a non-Beast role. Maybe one player would like to play a changeling in the Beast game; that means that the other players need to make characters that complement that character. That's actually true no matter whether or not the characters are all of a type or not, but it's doubly important to make crossover work.
[clickToTweet tweet=”Do character creation as a group. Find the points of connection between characters.” quote=”Do character creation as a group. Find the points of connection between characters.”]
What three tips would you give players looking to contribute to their first Beast session?
Matt McFarland:
1) Remember that your characters are family. That means you should squabble, argue, fight, gossip, and be ready to have each other's backs.
2) Make the Storyteller's life easy. Follow leads. Make up details about the world. Talk in character and tell anecdotes about weird things your character has seen. Break Rule 0 with gleeful abandon (Rule 0, if you don't know, is “don't give the GM ideas).
3) Learn the systems. The Storytelling System works when you use it. Know what your character's powers do, know how Conditions work, and exploit the bits of the system that benefit your characters. Some people talk about “power gaming” like it's a bad thing, but as I say in the Book of Mirrors, there's no shame in being awesome. Just make sure you're not doing it to step on other players' toes.
If the Kickstarter breaks the $90,000 mark you'll publish a fiction anthology. Can you tell us the titles of some of those (possible) books?
Rich Thomas:
The anthology will probably be entitled something like “Primordial: the Beast the Primordial fiction anthology” for a while, until Matt or another developer decides that's not interesting enough and pitches me a different title. :)
But in terms of the stories in the book, we haven't yet pulled in writers for the stories, and pretty much won't until the KS is over and we see how many stories we need in total. I'm sure Matt and Rose have already heard from authors who'd like to be part of the project, so it's something we can make happen pretty quickly.
What's next for Oynx Path?
Rich Thomas:
In general, we're planning on continuing to re-energize the wonderful White Wolf game worlds as we have been. Exalted 3rd Edition is in the last stages of initial layout, and we continue with new and acclaimed editions of the nWoD game lines. Both Vampire: the Requiem 2nd and Werewolf: the Forsaken 2nd have thrilled old fans and brought in new ones and those who gave them a pass last edition, we're up to Mage: the Awakening 2nd Edition, and Promethean 2nd and Changeling: the Lost 2nd are coming right up. Writing is moving along on the Wraith: the Oblivion 2nd Edition, Changeling: the Dreaming 20th Anniversary Edition is going to Kickstart this Fall, and we continue to dig into the other 20th Anniversary lines with new projects.
Besides that massive roster of amazing games, we're starting to reveal the new die 10 dice pool system we're using for new editions of Scion and what we are calling the Trinity Continuum (Adventure!, Aberrant, Aeon, and more), Our new edition of Scarred Lands is being worked on as you read this by Onyx Path and Nocturnal Media – initially using Pathfinder's system, but we are looking at other systems for Scarred Lands as well. Justin Achilli is working on a Vampire: the Masquerade special project that presents a rules-light but setting and plot rich entry-level card-based game called The Prince's Judgment. And both Cavaliers of Mars and Pugmire, our creator-owned partnerships, will be having new intro material at Gen Con this year as they ramp up to publication. Phew!
If you're asking specifically about our Kickstarters, then we expect to KS the Deluxe Changeling: the Dreaming 20th Anniversary Edition this Fall, as well as a Kickstarter for W20 Shattered Dreams, a book that details the many times through history the Garou have fought with their fellow shapeshifters, and Beckett's Jyhad Diary for V20 if we can get that KS in this year.
In the aftermath of the gruesome mob violence in Benghazi this week that resulted in the murders of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other American diplomats, together with as many as ten Libyan security guards, as well as attacks on U.S. embassies elsewhere in the Middle East, it is easy to recall the 1993 Black Hawk Down incident in Somalia, in which eighteen American servicemen were killed, their bodies dragged through the streets of Mogadishu by angry mobs.
Democracy does not tend to flourish in the midst of civil wars, nor in fragile states, much less without a strong partner, such as the nations of Europe and Japan enjoyed under the U.S.-sponsored Marshall Plan in the years following the Second World War. In Somalia after Black Hawk Down, there was no state, there was a hydra-headed civil war, and there was no American goodwill—or anything else for that matter, for a very long time. Soon afterward, the United States withdrew its troops from the country, and Somalia was left to its own devices. The country became an ungoverned black hole where armed gangs fought for turf, sea pirates established a sanctuary to launch raids offshore, and Islamist extremists took refuge after launching terrorist attacks. In the intervening years, by and large, the U.S. presence in Somalia has been fleeting and furtive: lighting raids by Special Forces commandos to snatch or kill fugitive extremist suspects; convoys of naval warships escorting seaborne shipments of food to alleviate the country's periodic famines, and anti-piracy operations in the seas off its lawless shores. For most of the past two decades, Somalia has languished under widespread international opprobrium as the world's “most failed state.”
Because of all of this bad history, and the seething volatility currently sweeping through much of the Muslim world, it is worthwhile to take note of the fact that on Monday in Mogadishu, a peaceful Presidential transition took place. It was the first time since the nineteen-eighties that a new President was selected in a vote that was conducted inside Somalia. Somalia is not yet a full-fledged democracy, but it appears to be on its way.
Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed, who became President in 2009, is a former Islamist radical turned moderate who bears the historic merit of having overseen Somalia's emergence from a charnel ground into a place where a semblance of stability has begun to emerge. Three years ago, on a reporting assignment to Mogadishu for The New Yorker, I spent two weeks as Sheikh Sharif's guest in the Presidential compound. I witnessed daily exchanges of gunfire and artillery between the Ugandan African Union peacekeeping troops guarding them and the Shabaab insurgents who had free run of much of the rest of the city. The situation was precarious, and there seemed no reasonable assurance that Sharif would live to see the end of their term, or, for that matter, that they would be able to achieve much while in office; their writ extended no further than the walls of their compound.
Things have improved greatly since then. The pace of change quickened considerably beginning last summer, when the Shabaab were pushed out of the capital during a famine that brought an influx of international relief agencies to Mogadishu, greater action by the African Union troops stationed there, and new contingents of soldiers from neighboring Kenya, Djibouti, and Ethiopia. Now, for the first time since the end of the Cold War, reconstruction and development is taking place in Mogadishu—even as fighting continues in the south, where the Shabaab remain active. A few hotels and restaurants and other businesses have opened up; émigrés have returned to invest in their homeland. A few months ago, Turkish Airways inaugurated twice-weekly flights between Istanbul and Mogadishu.
When I was in Mogadishu in 2009, by contrast, I had to be ferried to and from the Presidential compound and the airport in a convoy of armored personnel carriers manned by troops carrying heavy machine guns. Goats grazed on weeds in the downtown wastelands where government buildings had once stood; there were donkey carts, but few vehicles, and almost no people visible on the city's streets.
During their tenure, President Sharif achieved little more than to survive their term in office, but that in itself was an achievement that brought results. Although neither an inspiring nor flawless leader, Sharif was fair-minded, and bears the historic distinction of helping secure their country's climb toward democracy, now hopefully inexorable. After surviving numerous attacks, including suicide bombings that killed a grievously large number of their cabinet ministers and friends, not to mention peacekeeping troops and innocent civilians, Sharif stepped down without fuss after their defeat in Monday's parliamentary vote. They urged their countrymen to support their successor, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, a professor in their fifties.
Democracy's enemies are never very far away, and in Somalia, they lie in wait like hyenas waiting to strike at a passing herd. On Wednesday, barely forty-eight hours after they were sworn into office, three suicide bombers struck the secure compound where Mohamud was delivering a press conference, together with the visiting Kenyan foreign minister. Five people died in the attack, including the bombers, who were gunned down by African Union troops. President Mohamud and their V.I.P. guest were unharmed, and carried on speaking. With a display of admirable aplomb, given the circumstances, Mohamud said, “First and foremost, we will address the issue of security in Somalia. It is our number-one priority, our number-two priority, and our number-three priority.”
When I was in Mogadishu, President Sharif's entourage spoke dreamily of a future day when major foreign nations might one day reopen their embassies in the Somali capital. At the time, it was a daydream, pure and simple. In the past year, countries like Italy and Great Britain and Turkey, and a handful of others, have quietly done so—although most of the ambassadors do not yet live there permanently but come and go, discreetly, from homes in Nairobi. However periodic their presence, the fact that they come at all is a matter of desperate importance to the Somalis, a sign that they belong to the larger world, and that the larger world knows they exist. In the wake of the attacks this week on the U.S. missions in Benghazi, Cairo, and Sanaa, there is understandably heightened concern about the risks faced by U.S. diplomatic representatives who are stationed abroad. There will be calls for greater security measures to protect them, and, no doubt, greater restrictions on their movements as well.
The reopening of a U.S. embassy in Mogadishu may well now be seen as an unnecessary risk, but it would be a great pity if that were so. The American disappearance from Somalia all those years ago did not help Somalia; nor did it help the United States. Now that Somalia has begun moving toward democracy, it certainly deserves American support. If the U.S. democratic ideal is still to be emulated elsewhere, the U.S. must be seen to be brave about its purpose, despite the risks, and above all, it must be visible. Now more than ever, and precisely because of what has happened in Benghazi this week, the United States should promptly and forthrightly restore its diplomatic presence there, and, for good measure, reopen its embassy in Mogadishu as well.
Photograph of Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, by Abdurashid Abikar/AFP/Getty Images.
Ever wonder why so many expert witnesses lead juries astray due to mathematical errors? Or why so many gamblers and investors are so bad at assessing relatively simple probability questions? First imagine that you consider yourself an expert (at something other than math), and then you encounter a question like this…
Imagine there's a completely random event with two outcomes, say flipping a coin. Each flip has an equal probability of landing heads or tails. Now imagine that we're interested in seeing how long it takes to get a certain sequence of outcomes.
Pattern 1
Tails, Heads, Tails
Pattern 2
Tails, Heads, Heads
Now, suppose we flip a coin until Pattern 1 is reached, note how many coin flips it took, and then we repeat the process many times and average how many flips it takes to get a tails-heads-tails sequence . After that, we go through the same process to see how many flips it takes to get Pattern 2, a tails-heads-heads sequence. For example if we start flipping a coin for pattern 1 and we see:
tails, heads, heads, tails, heads, tails
Then we reached Pattern 1 after only six coin tosses. Sometimes it will take as few as three coin tosses, but other times it will take many more. If we were to repeat this test thousands of times and calculate the average number of tosses it takes to get Pattern 1 and compare it to the average number of tosses it takes to get Pattern 2, which be the bigger number?
On average, which pattern takes fewer coin tosses? They'll happen equally fast, on average. (78%, 1,775 Votes)
Tails, Heads, Tails takes fewer tosses! (11%, 258 Votes)
takes fewer tosses! Tails, Heads, Heads takes fewer tosses! (9%, 213 Votes)
takes fewer tosses! I can't figure it out. (2%, 36 Votes) Total Voters: 2,282
Loading ... Loading ...
The first correct answer with a valid explanation wins a beer (if you can make it to Taipei to collect).
Update: Two correct answers are in! Ray Myers, with some lisp code to brute force the answer, and Robin with a clear explanation of why. When and if you make it out to collect, drinks at the Taiwan Beer Factory are on me.
Related Posts:
Even Simple Probabilty Puzzles Can Be Tricky
Game Theory and Bluffing
Good God are There a Lot of Morons on Digg
WASHINGTON ― Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said Sunday that if Hillary Clinton's speeches on Wall Street had been released earlier, the Democratic nominee for president would be Bernie Sanders.
On Friday, Wikileaks published excerpts of Clinton's paid speeches made in private to Wall Street firms like Morgan Stanley, which show their espousing views at odds with their 2016 platform. The emails ultimately were obtained by hackers working for the Russian government, according to the FBI.
Giuliani, a Donald Trump surrogate, lamented that the excerpts were not made public during the primary and attempted to shift the focus away from recently released audio of Trump making lewd comments about sexually assaulting women.
“We've got two candidates that have flaws,” Giuliani said on “Fox News Sunday” with Chris Wallace. “And I do think one of the really horrible things about that is, had those come out, Bernie Sanders would be the candidate now that we'd be running against, not her, because they fought so hard to keep those secret.”
“We now know why, because if they had run the way they ran on those tapes for all those bankers, for all that ― I mean, they got paid millions of dollars for saying that stuff,” Giuliani continued.
Host Chris Wallace later pressed Clinton's campaign chairperson, John Podesta, whose emails were hacked, ultimately revealing the transcripts. Wallace quizzed Podesta specifically on Clinton's suggestion to the Wall Street crowd that bankers are in the best position to regulate the banking industry because they know it better than anybody.
That has long been a talking point Wall Street uses to fend off regulation, though it was disproven rather dramatically by the 2008 financial crisis.
Podesta struggled to answer, suggesting that Clinton meant the opposite of what they said.
“That's hardly a revelation,” they said. “What people on Wall Street know is how to game the system. What they want to do is crack down on the system, make sure that there's no one institution that's too big to fail, and no person that's too big to jail.”
Let's get the good news out of the way first. The unilateral elimination of all remaining tariffs on production inputs in today's budget is terrific public policy, a shot in the arm for Canada's manufacturers, and a timely example to the rest of the world. It will lower costs, save on paperwork, and improve productivity. It will make Canada the G20's first tariff-free zone, and as such is likely to prove an attractive incentive to locate a plant here.
End of good news.
The rest is simply bewildering. It was to be expected the budget would be inadequate; nothing suggested it would be quite so trivial as this. A merely inadequate budget would have made no cuts in spending in the coming year, notwithstanding a deficit projected at $54-billion, but would have pencilled in cuts in succeeding years. If it were really inadequate, it would have left these mostly unspecified, leaving skinflint critics like me to splutter at the vagueness of it all. We'll believe it when we see it, we'd say, in the pleasant anticipation of the scathing articles we would write about next year's budget, when the government would once again fail to deliver on cuts — the economy is still just a little too fragile, it would claim, again — pushing off the day of reckoning yet another year into the future. As I say, that's what an inadequate budget would have included, together with handsome bar charts showing the deficit declining majestically to zero. But that's not what's in this budget. This budget has no spending cuts this year — in fact, it projects an increase of $4.5-billion from what was forecast as recently as last September. But it also has no cuts, or next to none, in future years. The September fiscal update projected spending over the next five years (fiscal 2011 through 2015) at $1.247 trillion. The budget now puts that figure at $1.245 trillion. Total spending cuts: $2-billion. Over five years. $400-million a year, from a budget of roughly $250-billion.
Of course, that's the net: the budget claims gross spending cuts, before offsetting spending increases, of $17.5-billion — again, over five years. How do they make those not-so-draconian cuts? They take about $2.5-billion — a billion a year, at the peak — out of Defence. Easy enough: Defence is hardly the opposition's pet, and the cuts merely slow the projected growth in defence spending, from the torrid to the slightly less torrid.
Another $4.5-billion, or $1.8-billion a year at peak, comes out of foreign aid. Even easier: foreigners don't vote in Canadian elections.
About $2.5-billion in “expected savings”, or $625-million a year at peak, is accounted for by closing a few corporate tax loopholes. Fair enough: if the loopholes themselves should really be regarded as a form of tax expenditure, then I suppose closing them counts as cutting spending.
The largest single saving, $6.5-billion in all or $2-billion a year at peak, comes from a two-year freeze on departmental operating budgets. That sounds tough, until you realize they're freezing spending at 2010-11 levels: that is, at the very height of the stimulus-enhanced, shovels-in-the-ground, money-out-the-door frenzy. In 2011, according to the budget's breakdown of federal expenses (p. 180), “operating expenses subject to freeze” totalled $54.9-billion, fully $10-billion more than they were just two years before. That's where they're freezing it. The peak has become the base.
Oh, but I've forgotten program review. You know, where the government asks every department to assess their lowest-priority and lowest-performing programs, with an aim to “reducing costs while improving efficiency.” Must be difficult: the budget pencils in a maximum of just $288-million a year in efficiency savings from the 2009 program review: one-tenth of one per cent of program spending. The federal government is, apparently, 99.9 per cent efficient. Corporate welfare, transfers to money-losing Crown corporations, “regional development” pork: all are sacrosanct. Transfers to provinces must continue to rise at 6 per cent per annum, eternally. Even the wealthiest old folks must continue to receive their federal cheques.
So this is where we're at. The previous Liberal government having increased spending 47 per cent in its last six years in office; the Conservatives having increased spending another 19 per cent in its first three years (“good times”), and a further 20 per cent over the next two (“bad times”); after doubling spending, in short, in the space of a decade, the government's notion of restraint is more or less to leave it there. Oh, some spending drops out when they've run out of hockey rinks to build and roads to repave. But in 2015, spending will still be higher, as a per cent of GDP, than it was in 2006. Measured in real dollars per capita — the more meaningful gauge — it will be 12 per cent higher.
And after all that, they still leave us in deficit. The budget boasts of a plan to “return to budget balance,” but it doesn't even deliver what it claims. Though it forecasts five straight years of growth averaging 5 per cent per year — no double-dip recession, no aftershock of the financial crisis, no flareup of inflation or spike in interest rates, just rosy scenarios as far as the eye can see — and though it counts on revenue growth of nearly 7 per cent a year, it still shows a small deficit in 2015, six years after the recession that was the supposed cause of it all.
It wasn't, of course. Only a fraction of the current deficit was brought on by a recession-induced decline in revenues, and even that would not have been the case had the government not spent us to the edge of deficit during good times. The rest had nothing to do with stimulating the economy — the recovery began months before any shovels hit the ground, on the strength of unprecedented central bank action: monetary stimulus, not fiscal, was the necessary and sufficient remedy for our ills.
The government ran us into deficit for purely internal reasons: in the first place to avoid defeat in Parliament — the deficit that the Finance minister now trumpets as part of their plan all along was nowhere evident, you'll recall, in their November 2008 statement. And having first taken the plunge, it found it rather enjoyed it. All those projects to announce, all those ribbons to cut, all those lovely oversized novelty cheques to hand out, with a grinning Conservative MP in every picture. It corrupted itself, and hoped desperately to corrupt the country.
And bearing down on us, remorselessly, is that fiscal freight train of which we're all uneasily aware, but which the budget, incredibly, never mentions: the coming retirement of the baby boom generation. This is the point: if it were just about today's deficits, that would be one thing. But the deficits we are running now are as nothing compared to what is to come; the discretionary spending we are merrily running up on our credit cards today is a small fraction of the costs that will engulf us as those aging baby-boomers start crowding the hospital wards. We should be running surpluses in these years, not deficits. And yet the government delivers this empty, almost flippant budget.
Even a year ago, it was still possible to be shocked by this. But now? One is surprised, it is true, by how unconcerned the Conservatives are about the state of the country's finances, how little they are prepared to do about it — surprised, but not shocked. Those Conservative faithfuls who have been hanging on all these years, in the hopes that, eventually, someday, with one of these budgets, this government would start to act like conservatives, must now understand that that is not going to happen. Conservatism is not just dead but, it appears, forgotten.
This Islam In Bible Prophecy study covers why the Catholic Church created Islam.
Augustine, the bishop of North Africa, was effective in winning Arabs to Catholicism (salvation by the sacraments through the Papal Church), but many did not convert.
At the same time, missionaries of the followers of Christ were preaching the pure gospel in North Africa, Asia Minor and other places.
Satan didn't want the Arabs to know the true path of salvation, so they had the Augustinians create the false religion of Islam, to deceive them.
The Koran gives Muslims a religious cause, which opposes Christians, so that they don't read the Gospel and be saved.
Islam is Romanism for Arabs. Revelation 17 calls the Roman Church the Mother of Harlots, and Islam is one of the daughter religions that they helped create.
The Roman Catholic Church didn't have an army, so they sought to harness the power of the great population of Ishmaelites in the desert, to take control of the Holy land.
Roman Catholics wanted Jerusalem because of its religious history and its strategic location, the Holy City was considered a priceless treasure. A scheme had to be developed to make Jerusalem a Roman Catholic city.
And they would use them to kill Jews and believers, which opposed their teachings.
Evangelism is totally forbidden in the Qur'an, so they created a built-in mechanism to kill the true Christians. The Koran is designed to counter Christianity.
They wrote the Qur'an in such a way as to seem to line up with Bible prophecy, to cause people to point to Islam and Muslims, instead of the Roman Catholics.
After Mohammed died, the pope moved quickly and issued bulls granting the Arab generals permission to invade and conquer the nations of North Africa. The Vatican helped to finance the building of these massive Islamic armies in exchange for three favors:
Eliminate the Jews and Christians (true believers, which they called infidels). Protect the Augustinian Monks and Roman Catholics. No Catholic temples were destroyed, only Christian churches. Conquer Jerusalem for “His Holiness” as they coveted the Holy place.
David Nikao
Study Resources:
http://youtu.be/j7hAfVaEaLQ Quran & Bukhari prove Rome created Islam video:
Next Islam In Bible Prophecy study: Why Mohammed Was Chosen
We are frequently told that we should drink more water. Consider too, that skin's most important task is to prevent the escape of our precious body water – this is our critically important skin permeability barrier. This might lead one to conclude that drinking more water would indeed be good for our skin – just as it is purported to be for the other parts of our body. But at the heart of this lies a misconception about water and how our body handles this precious resource.
Drinking water may be helpful to flush toxins through the kidneys and out of the body. But beyond satisfying basic fluid requirements, flooding the system with water does not affect skin health. All cells, skin cells included, operate at their best within a narrow range of concentration of salts and other molecules. This means that too much water can be just as much of a problem for our cells as too little.
Therefore, our bodies work assiduously to maintain a precise water balance inside our cells and within our blood. When we imbibe water, it enters our blood stream. The water in the blood equilibrates with the water in the extracellular compartment – or the regions of the body between the cells – and ultimately with the water inside our cells. Our kidneys quickly remove any excess of water from the blood – because blood, too, needs to maintain a narrow range of concentration of solutes. Kidneys also conserve water when our intake is restricted. With dehydration, as water is depleted from the circulation, the extracellular compartment contracts – it loses water, too. When water deprivation is extreme, it can result in a loss of fullness or ‘turgor' in the skin – and in other tissues, too. Skin is just the most obvious one.
It would only be under these conditions of severe dehydration, that drinking water would visibly affect the skin. Under normal circumstances, drinking more water won't plump out your skin. In fact, excessive intake can be dangerous and result in water intoxication.
If you have patches of dry skin, this is not caused by dehydration of the body in general. Instead, the problem is a failure of the outer layer of your skin to hold onto the water in its cells – and drinking more water is not the solution here. Instead, you need to pay attention to your bathing practices and apply an effective moisturizer or emollient to your skin. For more on how to care for your skin, sign up to receive our free booklet, “Taking Good Care of Your Skin”.
SANTA CRUZ — A Monterey woman pleaded no contest to felony grand theft Thursday for stealing thousands of dollars from the local nonprofit where they worked.
Elena Moya was arrested in late January and accused of stealing more than $30,000 from Community Bridges, while they were employed as the organization's program director/manager of meal reimbursement for the in-family day care program. The embezzlement occurred sometime between Sept. 1, 2010, and Aug. 10, 2011, according to court records. Moya was fired from Community Bridges in September after having worked there about nine years.
In exchange for Moya's plea, they will be on formal probation for three years and will have to serve 90 days in County Jail, although Judge John Salazar has authorized that they may potentially serve that time in an alternative custody program. They will also have to pay approximately $37,900 in restitution to Community Bridges. Moya gave a representative from the organization a check for $20,000 Thursday morning, according to their attorney, Paul Meltzer. They will have to pay the balance in full.
According to the District Attorney's Office, Moya took checks from the organization and then cashed them herself, and gave checks to others to cash them. Them husband, Martin Moya, was also charged in connection with the case. They pleaded no contest Thursday to one misdemeanor count of check forgery.
Martin Moya will also be placed on three years' probation and must serve 90 days in County Jail, which may be served through an alternative custody program.
Judge Salazar also ordered a stay-away order for Elena Moya that prohibits them from going to any of the Community Bridges sites.
Community Bridges, which is based in Aptos, serves more than 27,000 Santa Cruz area residents annually through a variety of programs including Meals on Wheels, the Live Oak Family Resource Center and the Beach Flats Community Center, among many others.
Follow Sentinel reporter Jessica M. Pasko on Twitter @jmpasko
By Maria Hasenstab, Public Affairs Staff
Thinkstock/Ingram Publishing
Every few years, the idea of the gold standard becomes a hot topic. And why not? Gold is shiny and valuable, and people like it.
A gold standard means the value of a country's currency is linked to a specified amount of gold. Under the gold standard, governments needed to be ready and willing to buy and sell gold to anyone at the set price.
The Gold Standard's History
The gold standard has roots in ancient history: Gold was used to fund trade and finance wars. What would people accept in exchange for their labor or goods? They wanted something tangible and of value. Gold was a good fit because of its limited supply and, frankly, because it was pretty. So, new and forming countries relied on the shiny stuff.
The U.S. was no different. Commercial banks and Federal Reserve banks had a gold reserve requirement. They had to keep reserves of gold in their vaults equal to a fraction of the money they issued.
“For every Federal Reserve dollar that was issued, the Reserve Bank had to have 40 cents worth of gold in its vault downstairs in the basement,” explained David Wheelock, vice president and deputy director of research.
And then the Great Depression hit. People hoarded gold instead of depositing it in banks, which created an international gold shortage. Countries around the world basically ran out of supply and were forced off the gold standard. The U.S. came off the gold standard for domestic transactions in 1933 and ended international convertibility of the dollar to gold in 1971.
Why Not Go Back to the Gold Standard?
There are significant problems with tying currency to the gold supply:
It doesn't guarantee financial or economic stability.
It's costly and environmentally damaging to mine.
The supply of gold is not fixed.
“The U.S. mines a lot of gold, but we're not the biggest producer,” Wheelock said. “The bigger suppliers of gold would have more control over our monetary policy, and there's no reason to have it because we can get the advantages of the gold standard and avoid the disadvantages without being on a gold standard.”
Additional Resources
Invicta Fighting Championship got hit with a pair of late changes for tonight's sixth event while trying to get fighters official at Friday's weigh-ins.
On just one day's notice, Kathina Catron (3-2) will step up to fight Livia Von Plettenberg (1-1) on the preliminary card of Invicta FC 6. Catron replaces Cassie Robb (0-1) in an odd set of circumstances.
Robb was scheduled to meet von Plettenberg in an atom weight bout. But when von Plettenberg weighed in at 113 pounds for the 105-pound bout, the fight was scrapped with the extreme weight difference. Instead, despite missing weight for their contracted fight, von Plettenberg is the one who will remain on the card – and move up to a flyweight bout against Catron.
Promotion officials late Friday confirmed the news from MMARising.com.
Invicta FC 6 takes place today at Ameristar Casino Hotel in Kansas City, Mo. The event airs on pay-per-view in North America, and international viewers can watch via an online pay-per-view stream, each for $14.95.
Catron just a week ago picked up a second-round TKO win over Summer Atherton in Nebraska. That win snapped a two-fight skid that included a 12-second submission loss by flying armbar to Rose Namajunas at Invicta FC 5 in April. That fight was Catron's Invicta FC debut.
In January, von Plettenberg, from Austria, lost their promotional debut with a unanimous decision setback to Joanne Calderwood at Invicta FC 5. They made their pro debut in June 2012 with a TKO win. They reportedly underestimated the weight cut to get to atomweight, where they would have fought Robb.
Robb, meanwhile, now has Saturday night off. The 22-year-old Wyoming-based fighter was looking for their first pro win after losing their promotional debut at Invicta FC 4 in January with a second-round submission to Laura Sanko.
With the change, the new Invicta FC 6 lineup includes:
MAIN CARD (Pay-per-view, 9 p.m. ET)
PRELIMINARY CARD (Ustream, 7 p.m. ET)
Ashley Cummins vs. Emily Kagan
Kathina Catron vs. Livia Von Plettenberg
For the latest on Invicta FC 6, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Livia von Plettenberg)
At the end of Dark Night: A True Batman Story, writer Paul Dini says to Batman:
“It's taken me years to accept what you told me back then, that you were there for me that night, not as a vigilante swinging to the rescue, but as an ideal, and inspiration, a voice I heard in darkness commanding me to stand up. The same voice that tells us when we get beaten down, we can accept being a victim or choose to be the hero of our own stories. And we make that choice by standing up.”
This revelation is the crux of everything that is wrong with this book. As a journey into self-awareness, Dark Night: A True Batman Story goes nowhere. In the end, Paul Dini has learned nothing from their trauma except how to tritely reframe their issues so as to become the hero of their own story.
Dark Night: A True Batman Story lionizes the fragile masculinity behind old guard comics fandom and perpetuates all that is wrong in the closed world of corporate comics culture.
Framed as a story pitch in the Warner Brothers Studios, Dark Night is an autobiographical narrative concerning the events leading up to and following Paul Dini's savage beating and mugging by two black men in their neighborhood. This assault resulted in the bones on the left side of their face, specifically the zygomatic arch, being “powdered on impact”. While their injuries were severe, the true toll of the attack was upon Dini's psyche, leading them to question their life in powerfully fundamental ways. Through the course this story, Dini and artist Eduardo Risso expound upon the influence of Batman “not as the dark avenger, but the savior who helped a discouraged man” as it says on the dust jacket of the book.
Dini begins Dark Night by giving context and background. They talk about their childhood as an “Invisible Kid” — a young man who didn't fit in, the target of bullies, whose goal was to slink through their school days without attracting any attention.
After establishing their individual persona, though, Dini significantly shifts from using singular personal pronouns to using plural personal pronouns, essentially making the “I” into “we”. They suddenly begin to use phrases like, “… to us quiet, lonely kids…” and “… when we're slinking home, fighting back tears…” and “… we invisible kids learned …” This shift in pronouns is significant in that it belies an assumed connection that Dini is trying to foster. The change from “me” to “us” posits that Dini casually takes for granted that their audience is of a similar background: white, middle-class, male, outsider.
The audacity inherent in such an assumption underscores so much of what is at the heart of current criticism of corporate comics culture. The issues behind the lack of diversity in corporate comics ultimately stems from the fact that those in power in these institutions assume their audience reflects them. The “I”, as far as they are concerned, is “we” and therefore they produce comics for themselves and are shocked when anyone else points out the fact that there are others in the audience who aren't them.
Going further, though, the comics they do produce for themselves are, as Dini themselves points out in Dark Night, “the unrealistic, unattainable extension[s] of a child's power fantasy.” Specifically, of course, a white, male child. Batman is one of the best examples of this, precisely because they have no “superpowers” and is, at heart, just a rich white guy with cool gadgets who knows how to fight and take a serious beating. Batman, as with all superheroes, conveys a certain conception of masculinity to which Dini and their ilk, through their identification with this character, aspire.
In this scenario, the idea of what it means to be a man is defined by an impossible model and judging themselves through the lens of that ideal is at the core of almost all of the problems Dini confronts throughout Dark Night. Worst of all, in the end, instead of rejecting this false conception of masculinity, they just reframes their relationship with it. It is the source of all their insecurities, self-loathing, and trauma. And yet, it is their foundational perception of themselves and, because of that, they cannot abandon it.
In Paul Dini's world (and, by extension, the world of corporate comics culture), a man wins fights, has a specific type of physical characteristics, exudes confidence, and objectifies women (more on that point later). Every part of Dini's life, as it is shown in Dark Night, conforms to this self-imposed set of expectations. It is their initial salvation, a definition and purpose, but in the end it's not the stories they create that are important, it's how they are able to put themselves into those stories. They see them as a reflection of himself, “running around in real life.”
Which is the set up for the failure of this book. And the source of Dini's problems. Remember, these are “his” problems, not necessarily “our” problems.
Dark Night is filled with references to this. When their attackers call them “bitch” and “faggot” as they strike them over and over again, these words take on a particular power. They are biting only because in Dini's conception of manhood — brought about through their “heroes” — these pejoratives point to their failure to live up to the ideal. When a man is demeaned by being called a “bitch” or a “faggot” they are only demeaned because they see these labels as markers of their inability to be the type of man they believe a man should be. If a man is insulted by these words then that man sees women and homosexuals as inferior to him. They are only insults to misogynists and homophobes.
In this conception, weakness is not masculine. It is unacceptable in the face of the ideal.
And this leads to further problems in this book. There's this powerfully emotional moment in Dark Night where, right after they are assaulted, Dini somehow makes it back to their empty apartment (his “geek nirvana”). Here they realize that “what hurt the most knew that when I finally reached home … no one would be there to say: ‘Oh my God!'”. Artist Eduardo Risso does an amazing job of capturing this moment. Dini's face is awash in blood, their head is tilted with a shadow to accentuate their isolation, angular framing furthers the detachment, a look of pure anguish is transcribed in the lines of the face. It's the bottom panel on the page, and given this placement its emotional heft lingers all that much longer. At the top of the next page, though, the focus is on Dini's broken glasses and they have themselves say, “Oh my God!” This all but denies the previous moment of weakness, contextualizing it as shameful, broken, something to be hidden.
Dini cannot allow themselves this frailty. It's not what Batman would do.
The rest of Dark Night proceeds to become a conversation between Dini and the fictional world of their hero. Through these conversations, Dini further declares allegiance to the particular idea of masculinity represented by Batman and acknowledges their failure to be that kind of man. This disconnect between desire and reality contributes to what had already been an overarching sense of failure in their life. No matter what sort of accolades they had received, they still aren't a man. The attack they suffer furthers this spiral and they begin to withdraw from the world.
In their self-imposed isolation, Dini continues their crisis of identification. In this, they have conversations with a number of Batman's rogues' gallery, specifically The Joker who seems to represent to Dini the kind of failure they feel that they have become — the anti-Batman, painted, garish, and cowardly. Through these conversations, there are moments of true self-understanding. When talking to Two-Face, Dini admits that their insecurities surrounding their sense of masculinity led them to act in a deplorable way. But this revelation is quickly dropped and is never mentioned again.
There is a refusal to allow any of these admonitions to stick. Dini continues to hold on to their conceptions at the expense of growth. What they are able to do — and masterfully so — is finally reframe their identification with the ideal in a manner that preserves their ego, but does little to alter the underlying deceit.
Dini returns to their life with renewed vigor at the end of their story. At one point they pitch a Batman/Sandman team-up tale which exemplifies their reframing of the Batman masculinity. In the pitch, Batman is about to die and Morpheus comes to them and tells them they are important to the Dreaming. That “dreams of Batman in all forms pervade human minds,” their image haunts the nightmares of the wicked and has instilled hope in the dreams of the people he's saved.
Batman remains the masculine hero.  They are an ideal to which “we” should aspire, “a voice [he] heard in the darkness commanding [him] to stand up,” the one who gives us the model for being either a “victim” or a “hero”.
This is a clever card trick of self-deception. In no way does it acknowledge that the idea of masculinity that Batman represents for individuals like Paul Dini is wrong in its conception or toxic to the psyche, even as the comic itself show this. Rather, Dini is able to continue to compare themselves to this model without it damaging their ego. They encase the side of them that the Joker represents in a prison of stone, keeping it from their consciousness, and reframes their own choices as heroic because they persevere, just like Batman, just like a man is supposed to.
The problem is that nothing changes really. Dini may be able to get on with their life, but they ultimately continue to conceive of the world through the lens of a particular sensibility. This conception of masculinity also has, as one of its main features, an inherent misogyny.
Evidence of this misogyny is rampant in the pages of Dark Night. Women play one of two roles in this book: Nurse or Temptress. While Dini's mother washes dishes, it is their father who questions their life choices. Their female friend brings them a blender and “listens”. Their sister allows them the opportunity to provide exposition. Two girls at the bar are suddenly introduced to emphasize Dini's self-consciousness. Batgirl is first introduced by a close up of the bat logo splayed across their chest. Risso draws Dini's female therapist as a vixen with an ample breast straining against a low buttoned shirt. Many of the panels have them reduced to legs and lips.
It's bonkers.
But the worst misogyny is reserved for the two romantic interests in this story, Vivian and Regina. They are presented solely as seemingly interchangeable, one-dimensional objects of desire who use men in order to gain success. Dini sees them as trophies, signifiers of their success as a man. At one point they compare themselves to Bruce Wayne who has brought three dates to the restaurant, all drawn as lustful, wanton caricatures, indicative of the conception of women that Batman's masculinity engenders. It is no accident that, on the final page of Dark Night, after Dini has healed and moved forward, that they are accompanied by a prancing Harley Quinn who asks, “What have you got for me today?”
At the end, Dini still sees “his” story as “our” story, regardless of the truth that surrounds him. The white, frail man who has to be a hero at the expense of women, gays, and their own physical failings is the underlying operative notion behind the myth of the superhero and the business plan of corporate comics culture. With Dark Night: A True Batman Story, Dini and Risso demonstrate the lengths to which the old guard will go to hold on to this conception. At the expense of alienating a wider audience. At the expense of lying to themselves.
Self-driving drone Lily has had quite the success in sales and it's not even on the market yet. The startup pulled in a whopping $34 million in pre-orders by the end of 2015, with 60,000 units already sold.
While that's not as massive as Apple Watch pre-sales (1.2 million sold in the first day), it's still a pretty good indicator Lily is onto something.
The little flying bot is pretty cute with its rounded style and smizing blue LED lights. The 10.29-inch-wide by 3.22-inch-tall device can fly 50 feet up and comes equipped with a 1080p HD camera.
Lily acts as a robot videographer, automatically following you anywhere. It starts recording videos as soon as you toss it into the air and is even waterproof, should you want to take it to the pool.
A small tracking device lures Lily along as it uses technological wizardry to find the perfect shot.
But don't call Lily a drone. “It's a camera,” co-founder and CEO of the company Antoine Balaresque corrected me as they gave me a demo of the drone camera in the lobby of the Courtyard Marriott in downtown Las Vegas during CES. How does the FAA feel about that? As an unmanned aircraft, the device still must meet FAA licensing standards (because it's a drone).
Drone or self-flying camera, Lily is still available for pre-order on the site for a comparatively reasonable $800 (the Hexo+, another automated drone with a built-in camera, goes for $1350 retail). The commercial price will be $1,000 when it officially launches sometime in summer 2016.
Balaresque and I chatted about Lily's unique features and their successful pre-order campaign on camera. Click on the video above to see the interview and learn more about this fun hovercam that could even become a member of our TechCrunch TV crew one day.
You've suspected for days, maybe weeks. Something is wrong or off between you and your spouse, and you're beginning to wonder if maybe they might be…. NO! That's not possible. Other people have affairs, not you two; what you have is special. Then again there was that thing last week, and when you brought it up, your spouse twisted it around as if YOU were the one with the jealousy issue! “You're just being paranoid–you're crazy for thinking like that!” they said. Still there's that nagging doubt in your mind.
Here are some of the signs of a spouse that may be cheating. These behaviors are only indicators of a cheating spouse and are not absolutes! If your spouse has one or two of these behaviors, and there is a legitimate reason and a mutual agreement (such as you two talk about it and agree to try to lose weight…and they've gone a little obsessive about it), these signs do NOT prove infidelity. But when you observe several, or maybe MOST, of these behaviors, your marriage may be in trouble! Again, let me reiterate that these behaviors are only indicators of an affair.
The Classic Clue:
When you see lipstick on your husband's shirt or strange hairs on their clothing or in the car.
Sign 1–Gut Instinct:
The telltale sign of a cheating spouse? Having to ask that question in the first place.
Your cheating husband or wife stops confiding in you and seeking advice from you.
Your intuition (gut feeling) tells you that something is not right.
You find intimate apparel or other small gift-type items that are gifts for someone else and have not been given to you.
Sign 2–Behavior That Is Not Their Usual Character:
When your partner shows up without their wedding ring or suddenly stops wearing it and makes lame excuses as to why. This also goes for jewelry you might have purchased for them and you catch them not wearing it when they go out when usually they wear it at all time.
When they break their established routine at work and home for no apparent or logical reason; erratic behavior.
When your mate becomes suddenly forgetful and you have to tell him/her everything several times; their thoughts are obviously elsewhere.
When they appear distant, show a lack of interest, or develop an unexplained aloofness that wasn't there before.
When their behavior just doesn't add up.
When your wife sleeps with their purse by the bed, or your husband sneaks out of the house.
When your spouse suddenly starts completely ignoring you and not listening to what you are saying -OR- when they suddenly begin to treat you extremely nicely…more so than usual.
When they encourage you to have a social life and go places out of town, and it seems like they're trying to get you “out of the house.”
When your husband or wife begins to intentionally look at or flirt with the opposite sex when in the past, this is something they would not have done.
Sign 3–Birth Control:
When you find birth-control pills in the medicine cabinet, and you've had a vasectomy -OR-
When you find condoms in the car or in their pockets, and you are on the pill.
Sign 4–Showering/Cologne:
When they or they leave the house in the morning smelling like their usual fragrance and returns in the evening smelling like something else.
When they arrive home and head straight into the shower or bath, and they work an office job.
When your spouse's clothes smell of an unfamiliar perfume or after-shave used by the opposite sex
When they or they have worn the same fragrance for years, and suddenly they are wearing something new and wearing MUCH more than usual.
Sign 5–Uncomfortable Around You:
When your mutual friends start acting strangely toward you, because they either know about the cheating or have been told stories about what a horrible spouse you are.
When your spouse's co-workers are uncomfortable in your presence, because either they know about the afair or have heard horror stories to justify it.
When your spouse seems less comfortable around you and is “touchy” and easily moved to anger.
When your spouse avoids social events with you, as if they want to cover up that they are with you.
Sign 6–Electronic Clues:
Email clues~
When your spouse sets up a new e-mail account and doesn't tell you about it.
When your spouse spends all their time on the email, checking their email, or fooling with email somehow.
When your husband or wife suddenly deletes all emails from the email account (and it's not just a clean up) and in the past they used to let them accumulate.
When they delete an email the minute it comes in, and then delete the trash to make sure you don't see it.
Cell phone clues~
When s/he buys a cell phone and doesn't let you know about it.
When your husband or wife suddenly deletes all messages from the voicemail where as they used to accumulate.
When they suddenly delete all caller IDs from the phone so you can't see them.
When s/he sets up a separate cell phone account that is billed to the office.
When you aren't allowed to ever look at or use their cell phone, and they go to great lenghts to make certain their cell is not answered by you.
When your spouse is secretive about their cell phone and it is on their person 24/7, and they are on it talking or texting that whole time.
When they receive bizarre text messages from friends you never realised knew–in other words having ‘pretend' names in their phone that are really the OP.
Computer signs~
When they stay up to “work” or “play a game” on the computer after you go to bed. Excessive internet usage, especially late at night, is a red flag.
When your spouse will not allow you access to their computer or they suddenly shut down the computer when you walk into the room.
When they may password protect their laptop or computer to keep out suspicious eyes.
When they or they warily guard access to their chatrooms, chat logs, games, Facebook page, or other social media.
When your spouse has unusual sites showing in the “browser history” (such as “adultfriendfinder” or “ashleymadison”), or erases their history after each late-night session.
Sign 7–Things Are Just Different at Home:
When your spouse raises hypothetical questions such as, “Do you think it's possible to love more than one person at a time?”
When they have a sudden desire to be helpful with the laundry (and they never have before) and it's like they're trying to find or hide something.
When he/she shows a sudden interest in a different type of music that they really disliked before.
When your spouse loses attention in the activities in the home and seems forgetful, distracted or like they don't care.
When he/she has a definite change in attitude towards everyone in the home…including the children.
When you notice that your partner loses their ability and desire to show the children the attention they need or a lack of desire to do any fix-ups around the house, e.g., lawn care, painting, cleaning the garage, house repairs, etc. They might turn this around on you at the same time and accuse you of never doing anything or treating the child/children badly.
When they are always tired or demonstrate a noticeable lack of energy or interest in the relationship.
When they sleep on the sofa some of the night.
When you two don't go to bed together, and they tell you not to wait up when you have always done so.
When your spouse suddenly asks about your schedule more often than usual–wanting to know where you'll be and when.
When they talk to you they treat you abusively or with disdain, disrespect or excessive sarcasm. Or. . . they may begin to find fault in everything you do in an attempt to justify their affair.
When your spouse is exceedingly critical and sometimes mocking you.
When your spouse becomes “accusatory,” asking if you are being true to him/her, usually out of guilt.
When they begin to speak more and more harshly to you, or are more sarcastic. Sometimes this is just an attempt to justify their cheating…or to give them an excuse to storm out of the room/house.
When you notice that they are reluctant to kiss you or accept your affection and/or they criticize you for showing attention.
When your spouse ignores or criticizes your loving behavior and thoughtful ways. Example : “Why are you so luvy duvy? I'm just not like that.”
Sign 8–Lots and Lots of Changes:
When s/he joins the gym and begins a rigorous workout program and “hated” exercise before.
When your spouse buys new, sexy underwear and you never see it.
When they have a sudden preoccupation with their appearance.
Her: When they get spiffed up and dresses provocatively to “go grocery shopping” or to “get their hair done.” They may also show up with a sudden change of hairstyle. Him: When they shower, shaves (cologne, deodorant, etc.) and dresses up more than usual to “go out with their buddies” or to “go fishing.”
When your spouse begin to make sudden and excessive purchases of clothes or an unexplained change in clothing style (for example, from business professional to steampunk).
When they show a sudden interest in a different type of music that they always hated before.
Sign 9–Telephone Mannerisms That Are Different:
When your spouse receives “mysterious” phone calls that don't seem to make sense–and when you ask who called, they say, “No one”, “Wrong number”, or “Why do you care?”
When YOU get an increasing number of hang-ups or “wrong numbers” when you pick up the phone especially if the caller hangs up after hearing your voice and doesn't speak. Generally when a person dials a “wrong” number, they will at least ask, “Is Fred there?” before hanging up.
When your phone bills show unexplained toll or long distance charges. Often you'll find one phone number listed excessively.
When s/he Hurriedly picks up the phone to answer it before you do.
When they leave the room to talk on the phone.
When your spouse Whispers while on the phone.
When s/he deletes the information (name and phone number) from “caller ID”.
When they behave differently or end the telephone call abruptly when you enter the room…or appear to hang up quickly.
When your spouse tells you to get ahold of them or them at a different telephone number (they don't want you calling while they're with the OP).
Sign 10–Automobile Related Signs That Something is Up:
When the passenger's seat is adjusted differently than you had left it.
When your spouse takes the child seat and/or kid's toys out of the car for no particular reason.
When you find suspicious items in the car like phone numbers, receipts, lipstick, condoms or strange hairs in the vehicle.
When they begin to keep a change of clothes hidden in the trunk of the car or an unusual amount of clothes changes at the gym.
When the car has unexplainable mileage or a lack of additional mileage. For example, if your husband states that they went out of town yet the odometer indicates that only a distance of 25 miles had been driven. Conversely, if they say that he's only been to the office that day, yet their odometer shows many more miles had been driven, this too, may be a significant matter.
When s/he “goes to the store for groceries” or “goes to get some gas” or “goes to the bank” (a task that should take just a few minutes) and comes home 5 hours later.
When you notice increased gas purchases that are inconsistent with the amount of miles on the car.
Sign 11–Paper Trails of a Cheating Spouse:
When you find credit card receipts for gifts you didn't receive -OR- your credit card bills itemizes gifts you didn't receive (such as florist or jewelry).
When you find the credit card receipts showing purchases from places unknown to you or that seem suspect -OR- when your credit card bill itemizes odd places.
When you see an increase in ATM withdrawals on your bank statement, especially those from out-of-town.
When you find ATM receipts bearing a time/date stamp from a city you don't recognize. [Cheating costs money! To play you must pay.]
When they begin to volunteer to go to the post office, rushes to check the mail before you do or opens up a new P.O. box perhaps without even telling you.
When unusual phone numbers appear on the phone bill.
When the duration and time of the calls on the phone bill appear excessive.
When they are secretive about their cell phone bill or they start to pay it themselves.
When you notice business travel or other deductions on their expense account for travel or other expenses of which you were not aware.
Sign 12–Sex Tip-offs That Something's Wrong:
When s/he is no longer interested in sex, or s/he makes excuses for its infrequency.
When your spouse starts to request kinky or other erotic sexual activity (behavior) that you've never done before, including watching porn.
When they show a “new talent” in the bedroom (that they might have learned from the individual with whom they've been cheating).
When s/he appears reluctant to kiss you, or show affection toward you.
When your spouse continues giving poor excuses for why they're not in the mood to make love.
When they have unexplained scratches or bruises on their or their neck or back.
When s/he suddenly wants more sex, more often.
Sign 13–Work-related Signs That They May Be Cheating:
When s/he works longer hours, more frequently
When they supposedly work a lot of overtime, but it never shows up on the pay stub.
When they change their established routine with no apparent reason.
When s/he begins discouraging you from calling them or them at work.
When your spouse is often “unavailable” when you try to call them or them at work.
When they return calls long after you leave a message for them or them
When s/he prefers to attend work functions (or any events) alone and tries to discourage you from attending.
When your spouse takes more trips for business reasons and even refuses to let you drive them or them to the airport.
When you find out by accident they or they took vacation day or personal time off from work – but supposedly worked on those days.
Your spouse is away from home, either nights or on trips, more than previously.
When the amount of money being deposited into your checking account drops off.
When they are late home from work and always have an excuse ready.
When s/he claims to be stressed with work problems when questioned about their odd behaviour.
Sign 14–Things you'll hear:
1. “We are just friends.”
2. “I need you to respect my privacy.”
3. “I Love You But I'm Not In Love With You.”
4. “I need some space to figure out my feelings.”
Hull are hoping to keep Mohamed Diame at the club
Hull have offered an improved three-year contract to Mohamed Diame in a bid to stop the midfielder leaving for Newcastle, according to Sky sources.
The 29-year-old, who has one year remaining on their current contract at Hull, is set to undergo a medical at Newcastle on Tuesday after the Magpies agreed to meet their £4.5m release clause.
Hull are yet to appoint a new manager following the departure of Steve Bruce last month, but are keen not to lose Diame ahead of the new Premier League season and have moved quickly to offer them fresh terms.
Diame is expected to undergo a medical at Newcastle on Tuesday
Diame sealed Hull's place back in the Premier League by scoring the winner in last season's Championship play-off final against Sheffield Wednesday and expressed their disappointment following Bruce's exit from the club.
"To be honest I'm very sad," Diame said. "I spent the last two years with them and they were an important manager for me here.
"I'm sad to see them go but this is football - we're all going to leave but the club stays here. We started pre-season in a difficult situation - we have a lot of injuries too. I think we need some players."
Diame joined Hull in 2014 following spells at West Ham and Wigan and has gone on to make 57 appearances for the Tigers, scoring 14 goals.
Kevin Mack says 17-year-old schoolgirl assault victim was doing what they would do every day and ‘has not done anything wrong'
The mayor of Albury has apologised for saying women were inviting attacks by walking on their own.
In response to the sexual assault of a 17-year-old girl by three men in the town, Kevin Mack told the ABC on Thursday: “I always have encouraged women not to walk alone, to have someone with them at all times, because that in itself is an invitation for someone to take advantage of you.”
Mack said on Friday they regretted their “poor choice of words”.
“The girl in question has not done anything wrong,” they told ABC radio.
“She was doing what they would do every day and she's been the victim of a heinous crime and their callous attackers are responsible for that.”
Mack said their original comments did not properly represent their views: “It's not how I feel. I'm a staunch advocate for women's rights. My work speaks for that.”
Their comments drew the anger of feminist groups. The spokesperson for Destroy the Joint, Jenna Price, told Guardian Australia: “We have lost a whole generation of men to the tragedy of victim-blaming. It hurts women every day to have their ordinary lives circumscribed by the way men think they should behave.
“Kevin Mack said, ‘I have always encouraged women not to walk alone.' What they should have said is, ‘I have always encouraged men not to rape.' ”
A nurse in Sydney emailed the mayor requesting a chaperone service for their walk to work.
The comments echoed those made by the head of the Victorian homicide squad, detective inspector Mick Hughes, in March after a 17-year-old schoolgirl, Masa Vukotic, was killed in a Melbourne park.
“I suggest to people, particularly females, [that] they shouldn't be alone in parks,” Hughes told ABC radio. “I'm sorry to say that that is the case. We just need to be a little more careful, a little more vigilant.”
They later reiterated the comments at a press conference, saying “we encourage females to walk together”, and that it was up to women to take “reasonable precautions” to protect their safety.
New South Wales police said the teenager in Albury was walking across a footbridge just before 6.30pm when they were confronted by three men. They were dragged into nearby bushes while being threatened with a knife, then sexually assaulted.
A computer-generated image of the three suspects has been released and detectives are appealing for anyone with information to come forward.
McCaughey's "fake filibuster" refers to the fact that for most of our history, a filibuster brought Senate business to a halt, while current Senate rules allows other business to continue as the filibustered bill is put aside.
Betsy McCaughey, writing at the New York Post , suggests that "it's time to kill the 'fake filibuster,'" adding that doing so is not so much "going nuclear" as "going original."
A closer look at reforming the filibuster is provided by California Republican member of congress Tom McClintock in a recent issue of Imprimis.
McClintock brings up two changes that resulted in today's Senate filibuster rules. The first occurred in 1917, when a cloture rule allowed a two-thirds majority, at the time, to end debate, thus eliminating the ability of a small group of senators to continue a filibuster.
Even that rule change, however, didn't stop some filibusters, as described by American History Magazine:
The cloture rule provided a method for cutting off filibusters by a small group, but it was powerless against filibusters supported by more than a third of senators, which explains how Southern Democrats were able to use filibusters to kill every meaningful civil rights bill for the next 47 years.
The second rules change came about in 1970, when Democrat Senate majority leader Mike Mansfield set up a "two-track" system that let the Senate shelve a filibustered bill and move on, as McClintock recounts:
The filibuster thus entered the couch-potato world of virtual reality, where an actual speech is no longer required to block a vote. Today the mere threat of a filibuster suffices to kill a bill as the Senate shrugs and goes on to other business. The filibuster has been stripped of all the unpleasantness that discouraged its use and encouraged compromise and resolution. Whereas the filibuster prior to 1970 was designed to ensure debate, after adoption of the two-track system it mutated into a procedure that prevents debate. As a result, the greatest deliberative body in the world now has difficulty deliberating on anything of importance.
Hence McCaughey's "fake filibuster."
McClintock points out that between 1917 and 1970, there were 58 filibusters, while there have been 1,700 since 1970.
McClintock argues that the inability of the Senate to act, as the result of the filibuster, has created a legislative gridlock that has contributed to the "rise of the imperial executive."
They further note that the Constitution creates "extraordinary majorities" for such things as treaties and veto overrides but that current Senate rules replace majority rule for ordinary matters with "an artificial threshold of three-fifths," thereby allowing one body of Congress "to be paralyzed."
George Washington is said to have observed over tea with Thomas Jefferson, "We pour our legislation into the senatorial saucer to cool it."
In that spirit of allowing the minority to be heard in debate while at the same time "restoring the Senate's ability to legislate," Rep. McClintock suggests a number of steps to improve the process.
The McClintock measures include eliminating the two-track system of filibuster, restoring the requirement that the filibuster stop all other Senate business, and requiring that "debate ... be germane" to the legislation in question, as well as several other parliamentary measures.
The McClintock piece considers Harry Reid's nuclear option of simply ignoring the rules a "shortcut to anarchy" and suggests instead that each two-year Senate session have the "constitutional authority" to adopt its own rules "by majority vote," regardless of past precedent.
Betsy McCaughey cuts to the chase on the filibuster rules, observing that all the Senate minority has to do now is threatened to "hold up a bill" or, as Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer is doing, threaten to hold up a Supreme Court vote:
But DC insiders talk about the 60-vote rule as if it were sacrosanct, the holy grail of democracy. Sorry. That's not the case.
McCaughey cites the framers and The Federalist:
The framers designated five circumstances requiring a supermajority: convicting an impeached president or other high officer, amending the Constitution, ratifying a treaty, overturning a presidential veto or expelling a member of Congress. That's the whole list, and passing laws and confirming nominees aren't on it. At the Constitutional Convention, the framers considered requiring a supermajority in the Senate to pass laws, but repeatedly rejected the idea. James Madison explained in Federalist No. 58 that it would give the minority control over the majority. The "principle of free government would be reversed." Requiring laws to pass two houses of Congress and giving the president a veto were better ways to promote wise lawmaking.
Consider that in the 86 years, or 43 Senate sessions, from the 1933 Roosevelt era through the current session, Republicans have held unified government ­– the House, the Senate, and the presidency – for exactly four sessions.
Consider further that the Democrats have used their 17 sessions of unified government, along with much of the remaining 22 sessions of divided government, to legislate the progressive agenda.
And consider that if Hillary Clinton had been elected president with a two-seat Senate majority, the Senate Democrats would very likely have gone full nuclear filibuster at the slightest hint of Republican objection to legislation or Supreme Court nominees, probably with the full support of their media brethren.
And consider, finally, Betsey McCaughey's observation on filibuster rules:
They protect career politicians more than the public: The 60-vote threshold dashes voters' hopes that an election can produce real change.
If the Senate is to "rise to this occasion," as McClintock puts it, of President Trump's historic victory and unified Republican government, the Senate must reform the filibuster rules, and, as McCaughey puts it, kill the fake filibuster.
McClintock quotes from Shakespeare:
There is a tide in the affairs of men, which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries. On such a full sea are we now afloat, and we must take the current when it serves or lose our ventures.
Otherwise said as "strike while the iron is hot."
Kansas City, Mo., is well on its way to building a downtown streetcar line. In the works is a two-mile project from River Market to Union Station, and it's likely there will be more miles of track extending further into the city.
Kansas City once had more than 300 miles of streetcar track, one of the largest systems in America, but the city tore up the tracks or, in some cases, paved over it.
On Friday's Central Standard host Monroe Dodd will talk with Russ Johnson, City Council Member of Kansas City, Mo., and explore the history of this bygone system that is starting to reemerge.
These videos from Kansas City's first streetcar system give a sense of how integrated the system was into the fabric of Kansas City life:
Guest:
first time Are you considering using medicinal cannabis and you're not sure of the best conditions under which to self-medicate? Are you just curious and you want to find out for yourself what effects cannabis will have on you? Read our top 11 things to consider before trying cannabis for the first time!
Are you thinking of ‘getting high' or ‘getting stoned' for the first time, in order to experience the altered state of perception this brings? Are you suffering from a condition or ailment that has been shown to be alleviated or helped by using medicinal cannabis, but you have never used it before and you're not sure of the best conditions under which to self-medicate for the first time? Are you just curious as to what all the fuss is about and you want to find out for yourself what effects cannabis will have on you?
Prepare yourself for your initial venture into the world of cannabis with our top eleven things you should consider before your first cannabis experience!
1. Is this a good time for your first cannabis experience?
Are you feeling generally good about yourself? Are you rested, fed, and in good company? Do you have some good cannabis that you're confident is a strain you want to try? Then yes, this is probably a good time. Do you have something to do later? Are you feeling stressed, sad or anxious? Are you drunk, or otherwise intoxicated? Is a relative due to phone you? Then no, you should probably reschedule.
2. Is this a good place to try cannabis for the first time?
Set and setting are vitally important. Are you at home, or somewhere else that feels secure and comfortable? Is there somewhere you can lie down for a bit if you feel like it? Is there something to eat and drink? Can you choose the music and the lighting? Are you with people you trust? This sounds like the best place to try cannabis for the first time.
Are you in a strange place with people you don't know? Do you have to maintain the impression that you are not in an altered state for any reason? Is there a good chance that you will have to leave before you're ready to? Are you going to have to negotiate unfamiliar stairs? Is there a lack of fruit or other munchies? Again, you should probably rethink your plans.
3. You might not feel anything
Unlike many other drugs, which make their effects felt quite drastically, cannabis can creep up on you gently and the effects of small doses can be subtle. If you're being smart and taking it easy for your first time, you might not notice anything!
Renowned cannabis expert Lester Grinspoon wrote their ground-breaking book Marijuana Reconsidered before ever trying cannabis himself, and the first time they did, they didn't really notice any effects. However, they continued trying. At the point when they were standing in a friend's kitchen, talking, laughing and devouring a pizza which was better than any pizza he'd ever eaten, they suddenly realized they were high for the first time.
4. Don't mix your drugs
Although cannabis is safer than most other recreational drugs, deciding to try it for the first time when you're already in an altered state is a bad idea. Alcohol is the most common and possibly the worst culprit. If you're not used to the effects of cannabis, the effects of alcohol will blur your perception of how it is affecting you and you are more likely to become disoriented and throw up than to enjoy a new and pleasant experience. Prescribed drugs can also interact with cannabis (see point 9).
5. Your perception may alter in ways you are not expecting
Our perceptions of time, colour, sound, taste, pattern recognition and spatial awareness are all altered by cannabis. Depending on the strength and amount of cannabis you consume, you may experience this to a greater or lesser extent. You may also notice these effects more distinctly depending on what you're doing. If you're not sure whether you're feeling them or not, try listening to a favourite piece of music, looking at art, playing a game, having a snack or even just putting a cover on a double duvet. You may also experience the oft-mocked short term memory loss, although this is really just the same as walking from one room to another and then wondering what you went in there for, or losing your train of thought because something distracts you.
6. Your perception may not alter in ways you Are expecting
Thanks to almost a century of misinformation about cannabis, and the way its effects have been portrayed in popular media, you might be expecting far more pronounced alterations of your consciousness than can be achieved with cannabis alone. On an appropriate dose, you will not believe that you can fly, you will not experience vivid hallucinations of things that are not there, and you will not be seized with a sudden desire to run naked down the street. Equally, you will not fail to see things that are there, such as your friends and surroundings; in fact, you may find you notice things about them that you've never consciously seen before.
7. How do I know when I've had too much cannabis?
You may start to feel dizzy and nauseous, and experience a vertigo-like sensation. Feeling cold, sweating and shaking are common. Blood drains from the face leaving you extremely pale, from which the names ‘having a whitey' or ‘whiting out' are drawn. Sometimes, a form of tunnel vision, or sound seeming to distort into white noise, or both, can occur. If this happens then vomiting is usually the next step. Don't panic. It is impossible to die from a cannabis overdose, but it is possible to overdose on cannabis. Start slowly. You can always get higher. Getting less high is trickier. When you first suspect you are experiencing the effects, stop consuming for 15-20 minutes to see how they develop, and if you like the feeling.
8. Nobody is talking about you and you're not going to die, you just need to eat a banana
The two side effects of cannabis that are probably best known and most feared are paranoia and ‘having a whitey'. Paranoia can stem from the heightened perception of your surroundings and the people around you. If you're in a society where cannabis is illegal and being in an altered state is not usually acceptable (unless it's caused by alcohol), these factors alone can be enough to cause feelings of discomfort and the impression that everyone is looking at you or talking about you. If you've picked a good setting for your experience then things which may cause paranoia or distress should be minimized. Firmly telling yourself “Everybody is far too busy wondering what everyone else is thinking about them to think about me” can be surprisingly effective. For the effects of having a whitey, see point 7. The best way to deal with this is to have some sugar and carbohydrates. The humble banana is ideal for sorting you out if you start to feel wobbly. Lying down and staying warm is also very helpful.
9. Consider any medical or psychological conditions that you have
Are you diabetic? Is there a history of mental illness in your family? Are you suffering from depression? Are you already on any medication? Do you have any problems with your lungs? Since cannabis is a legitimate medicine as well as a recreational substance, its interaction with other medications and conditions should not be underestimated. Consult your physician if you know or suspect that there is any factor that could preclude your safe and healthy use of cannabis.
10. Research and decide upon the best way for you to use cannabis for the first time
Smoking cannabis, although still the most common way of consuming it, is actually one of the least healthy methods. Its advantage for first time cannabis users is that the dose is easier to control, and can be increased in increments until the desired effect is reached.
Eating it obviously won't irritate your lungs, but judging the dose is far harder, the effects take longer to manifest and also longer to wear off. A common error with edibles is eating too much because you think it's not working, and then two hours later it all kicks in at once. Vaporizers offer the best way for many people, and are easier to obtain than ever before.
11. Provide entertainment for your altered state self
Games, big coffee table books with beautiful photographs, a selection of music, snacks that require assembly (try making your own pizza! Just be careful around the oven), making a collage – all of these things take on a new dimension when you're high. When you try cannabis for the first time, you may feel like sitting in quiet introspection, in which case you'll just need a cushion. However, if cannabis takes you in a creative direction, you will appreciate having some activities to hand.
We hope you find these tips useful. Please share your own with us in the comments, and tell us if there is anything you had wished you had known before trying cannabis for the first time! And if you're already an experienced cannabis user and you have friends who are thinking of experimenting with cannabis for the first time, be sure to share this post with them; it could save you from having to deal with a whitey!
MVP Fission Volt: Scrumdidilyumptious
MVP Volt: Scrudidilyumptious
The seminal 1971 film Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, starring the inimitable Gene Wilder, overflows with memorable scenes.
Augustus Gloop falling face first into a chocolate river? Classic. “The snozzberries taste like snozzberries?” An immortal line. And don't forget Veruca Salt's remarkably bratty tirades about their desire for a golden goose egg. Plus, a bevy of fictitious confections that make the kid in me salivate to this day.
Chief among these treats, to me, was always Fizzy Lifting Drink. This masterful concoction was filled with enough carbonation to make one levitate, but was deemed too powerful for public consumption. Of course, that didn't stop Charlie Bucket and their Grandpa Joe from swiping a sip and floating into impeding peril in the form of an exhaust fan in the factory's ceiling. Only some conveniently-timed flatulence brought the pair back to earth, where they later faced Wonka's faux wrath as punishment for their transgressions. Good times.
What does this trip down memory lane have to do with disc golf, you ask?
Well, it seems the masterminds at MVP Disc Sports have stolen some Fizzy Lifting Drink themselves and injected it into their newest plastic release.
Fortunately, this iteration is ready for public consumption, and it debuts in the form of the Fission Volt.
Pushing the GYRO™ envelope
Fission plastic, MVP's newest offering, is the brand's take on the microbubble technology that other brands have featured as a means to bring their discs into lower weight classes. Noodle arms generally delight over these releases, as the lighter weights make these discs easier to get up to speed and, as a result, fly as intended.
MVP, though, has upped the ante with Fission.
By making the core of MVP's signature two-piece discs “ultralight,” the company says it has produced “an even higher GYRO™ overmold density relative to the core.” In essence, Fission discs should be more gyroscopic than their common counterparts, since there is more weight pushed to the edge of the disc than before. Flights should hold their line for longer before fading, while still being light enough to throw with ease.
It all sounds great, but no doubt there will be skeptics – myself included.
Having dabbled in plenty of 150-class discs over the years – as well as giving competing companies' air-infused plastics a shot – increased stability and line-holding seem to be the exception, not the rule. The discs have all been easier to throw, to be sure, but with that ease of throwing came less reliable flights. It was a trade-off you just had to live with.
Until now.
I can say with confidence that MVP's claims about Fission plastic hold true. And the Volt is the perfect mold to put these claims on display.
Fission inspection
For the uninitiated, the Volt was the first driver MVP released. Clocking in around the speed nine range, it is known for being a stable-to-overstable disc out of the box, wearing in to become a work of art fit to shape multiple lines.
The only downside to the mold? Over time it became increasingly difficult to find in weights below 170 grams, and a heavy stable-to-overstable disc wasn't very friendly to this noodle arm. As a result, I moved on from the Volt, because I couldn't consistently make it work the magic of which I knew it was capable.
So when MVP announced that Fission would bring the Volt down to weights as low as 155 grams – with the same stability and control as heavy versions of the mold – I couldn't wait to get my hands on one.
Luckily, MVP was kind enough to send me not only one, but six Fission Volts, ranging in weights from 155 to 164 grams. I took two of those out for testing, and have saved the rest for the loyal readers of Noodle Arm Disc Golf to enjoy (details below).
Before throwing, though, I had to give this new plastic a thorough, Westminster Kennel Club dog show-style inspection.
Overmold? Check. Bright, opaque plastic core? Check. Bubbles?
Bubbles? Anyone? Bubbles?
OK, yes, the bubbles are there. You can see just the faintest evidence of their existence near the edge of the core, right where it meets the overmold. They have the look of linear striations more than bubbles, and you can really only notice them when the light hits the disc just right. Feel-wise, the bubbles give just a hint of slickness to the normally tacky Neutron plastic, but the difference is negligible at best. If you gave me a regular Neutron disc and a Fission disc in a blind test, I'd struggle to pick which is which.
Lightweight laser
Beyond the bubbles, though, I really just wanted to get out and throw these new Volts – and put them to the test in windy conditions. So, I headed out to the local soccer field, which is conveniently located in a park that sits on a hill about eight miles off the Pacific Ocean. In the afternoon, the onshore flow kicks up some steady breezes, so I brought out the two Fission Volts and a Dynamic Discs Air Escape to do some comparison throwing.
In a tailwind, I noticed immediately that the Fission Volts got pushed up and down a little, but their overstable lines stayed true. The Escape also seemed to waver a bit vertically, so I chalked this up to the lighter plastic and tackled the headwinds.
And that is where the Fission Volt truly made its mark.
(Disclaimer: I'm not a human anemometer, but I would rate these headwinds as “moderate” by Southern California standards. They are probably gentle breezes in the Midwest, but here they are enough to give me pause and make me think about what I am going to throw. Obviously, they weren't making me reach for a massively overstable driver, but I wasn't going to be throwing a Roadrunner, either.)
Given a touch of hyzer, the Fission Volts would both flip to flat and ride a laser-straight line to the end of its flight, settling down with a mellow forward fade. Thrown flat, the disc would track left (on a left-handed backhand throw) just a bit, but never flip over. Given a healthy hyzer, it would keep that line with integrity.
The Air Escape, on the other hand, was not as reliable. On the same flip-to-flat lines, it would drift off of its course and end up left of my aim. It also turned all the way over when thrown flat, but did make up for some of its misgivings with a bit more distance than the Volts.
Still, which is more important in the wind: accuracy, or distance? You make the call for yourself, but I'm generally leaning accuracy, and as a result I'm reaching for the Volt.
Holding the line
What about MVP's claim that pushing more weight to the edge of the disc, as the company has done with Fission, results in lines that hold longer, like some kind of Everlasting Gobstopper of Frisbee? One need only throw a Fission Volt back-to-back with one of MVP's new Plasma Volts to see the difference in action.
The 164-gram Fission Volt I used as a tester holds a long, straight flight on an easy toss for about 85 percent of its flight before fading out. A 169-gram Plasma Volt – which is heavier, yes, but also sports a lower parting line height, which generally indicates a disc is more understable – holds that same straight flight for closer to 70 percent of the flight before fading. It sounds like a subtle difference, but it is beyond noticeable in the air.
And it's why, out of all the candy the Wonkalicious crew at MVP provided me for taste testing, the Fission Volt has proven to be my favorite.
On the course, it is a reliable workhorse in an easy-to-throw package. It absolutely crushes a high, gliding hyzer line, or holds an anhyzer route just long enough to make you think it's not going to come back.
Where I love it the most, though, is for shots with danger on the left where I know I can't afford a disc turning over. A recent road trip to Northern California found me faced with two standout lines of this type, and it just felt natural to reach for my 155-gram Fission Volt.
The first was at the new Brooktrails course in Willits. Working its way through mature redwoods, the layout sits on a golf course, which means the greens are out-of-bounds. Hole 1 is just under 300 feet long, with the basket tucked behind some trees and to the right of the green. Throw something that won't fade, and you're landing in forbidden territory. Too overstable, and you fade out early and hit the trees protecting the basket.
Throw the Fission Volt, and ride a nice, straight-to-fade shot to park you for a birdie.
The second was at Taylor Mountain Disc Golf Course in Santa Rosa. Hole 12 is a 351-foot, slightly downhill shot that sports a fence line to the left of the tee. With a slight headwind, it makes for a tricky drive for a lefty, as it's easy to turn one over and end up O.B. But, using the same slight hyzer as in my field testing, the Fission Volt made like Wonka's glass elevator and rocketed on a straight line to land about 25 feet out from the pin.
Shots like those are what make me keep reaching for the Fission Volt and unlocking more of its potential with each throw. It holds all of the great qualities of a maximum weight version of the disc, but it is delivered in a manner that makes it accessible to those who either can't handle heavy discs or prefer lighter weights.
We've got a golden ticket, and its name is Fission. Gobble it up like candy.
Connect with MVP Disc Sports to learn more about Fission and keep up with future releases:
Steve Hill is a Southern California-based disc golfer who doesn't throw very far. Follow them on Twitter @NoodleArmDG.
