A complete Website blocker available for desktops.
It is disturbing to use the Internet of today considering the highly inappropriate and objectionable material that one sees online. From pornography and vulgarity to violence and sadistic content, we come across material that we wish never existed! So many of us want to protect our families, especially children from the onslaught of such trash. Har Har Mahadev has been created for the discerning web user. We want to ensure that you and your family access sites that you want to - that you consider appropriate or family friendly. Therefore, we offer safe content filtering that empowers you and your family to use the World Wide Web without any worries and concerns! We promise to make your web experience a happy one! DOWNLOAD (VERSION 1.6)
Download (Version 1.6)
Happy World Vegetarian Day!
I never thought tofu had a flavor until a few years ago when I first made my own. Up until then, I thought of it as a blank slate, something to suck up the flavors of whatever it was cooked with. But the first time I made my own tofu I discovered that though it also has a mild taste, it's somehow creamier, richer, and better-tasting than packaged tofu.
Making tofu is really not as difficult as you might think, especially if you use a soymilk maker to make the soymilk first. The soymilk machine heats the milk to just the right temperature; from there you need only to mix in a coagulant, which causes the soymilk to curdle, and pour the curds into a cheesecloth-lined container that has holes punched in it to allow the whey to drain off. You can even make tofu in a strainer or colander, if you're not a stickler about having a rectangular block of tofu.
With food prices so high, I've been trying to save money anywhere I can, and making my own soymilk and tofu make a big difference in my weekly grocery bill. I buy organic soybeans for $1.19 a pound at my local natural food store. From that pound of beans, I can make six 1.5-liter batches of soymilk or three 8-ounce batches of tofu. That's the equivalent of 9 of those aseptic boxes of soymilk for $1.19! Besides the obvious savings, making my own soymilk and tofu reduces waste and is better for the environment because there are no packages to throw away. I keep my homemade soymilk in reusable glass pitchers similar to these; my homemade tofu gets used so quickly that there's no need to store it in anything other than the press I use to make it.
I'd like to show you the steps I go through when making tofu, but this isn't really a recipe. If you'd like more info about the process–particularly for making tofu without a soymilk machine–there are lots of websites that give you more of the nitty gritty details. Check the end of this post for a couple of links.
I begin by making soymilk with twice the usual amount of soybeans and the minimal amount of water. The night before, I start the soybeans soaking in enough water to cover by a couple of inches. In the morning, I drain and rinse the beans well. If I'm making soymilk, I often remove the beans' skins by rubbing them between my fingers in a pan of water, but I skip this step if I'm making tofu.
In the new filterless SoyQuick, the beans and water go straight into the bottom of the machine together. I add water to the lower line and then put in the beans and press the “Soymilk” button. The machine grinds the soybeans while cooking them.
Once the machine beeps and the soymilk is ready, I pour the soymilk through the strainer into the transfer jug (both included with the machine). The okara (soy pulp) collects in the strainer, and I set it aside to use later. If I were making soymilk, I could either stop here or strain the soymilk one more time through cheesecloth as I'm transferring it into the glass container I store it in.
But since I'm making tofu, I add a packet of coagulant to the soymilk in the transfer jug and cover the top with a plate to rest for about 20 minutes. I used the SoyQuick brand coagulant (magnesium chloride), but you can also buy nigari and gypsum to use as coagulants.
After about 20 minutes I check to see that the soymilk has coagulated and separated into curds and whey. I pour it back through the strainer, which I set over a bowl to catch the whey. (I use the whey to water my plants; it contains nutrients that are beneficial to them.)
Once the curds are all in the strainer, I pour them into the cheesecloth-lined tofu press, which I've set in a colander inside a bowl.
When the curds are all in the cheesecloth, I fold up all sides of the cloth, making a neat package.
I put the cover onto the tofu press and gently press down to remove the remaining whey. To make it extra firm, I put a weight, such as a large can of tomatoes, on top of the press and leave it for about 15 minutes. When it's finished pressing, I leave the tofu in the press and put it into the refrigerator.
After a couple of hours in the refrigerator, I unwrap the tofu and it is ready to use. If I don't plan to use it that same day, I put it into a container and cover it with water to keep up to three days. But fresh tofu tastes best that same day, so I rarely store it overnight.
Freshly made tofu has such a great taste that I like to prepare it in simple ways with few ingredients to hide its taste. In my next post I'll show you what I did with this batch of tofu.
Some Questions I've Been Asked about Homemade Soymilk and Tofu:
I only like Silk brand soymilk. Does homemade soymilk taste like Silk?
In a word, no. Homemade soymilk doesn't really taste like any of the brands you buy in the store, and it can take a little getting used to. Some people describe its taste as “beany.” But there are a few things you can do to lessen the beany taste.
Okay, so what can you do to get rid of the beany taste?
For one, remove the bean skins. That's not as hard as it sounds, although it does make soymilk making a little more tedious. After the soybeans have soaked for at least 8 hours, drain and rinse them, put them in a large bowl, and fill the bowl with water. Rub the beans between your fingers to remove the skins. When the skins float away from the beans, scoop them up and discard them.
You can also add grains to your soymilk to lessen the beany taste. I've only used oatmeal, but other people include rice and other grains. Personally, I add 3 tablespoons of rolled oats (regular Quaker oatmeal) to the machine along with the soybeans; it makes the milk thicker and less likely to separate (but don't add it if you're making tofu).
Finally, I find that adding sweetener and salt make the milk taste a lot more like packaged soymilk. For vanilla soymilk, I add 2 to 3 tablespoons of agave nectar and 1/4 teaspoon of salt after the final straining. (To make vanilla soymilk, I break up two vanilla beans and add them along with the soybeans; unfortunately, this creates vanilla okara, which means I have to make cookies. Oh, well!)
If you make soymilk at home, aren't you missing out on the vitamins and minerals that are added to the packaged products?
I figure it this way: Those nutrients are just supplements that someone else has added. I think my family and I are better off drinking freshly made soymilk, without thickeners and preservatives, and taking our own supplements, such as calcium and vitamin B-12. I'm actually happier buying vitamins and minerals in pill form because I can get them from a source that I trust to be vegan.
For more information, particularly about making tofu without a soymilk maker, check out How to Make Tofu on the Just Hungry blog and Making Homemade Tofu on Bryanna Clark Grogan's website.
[Note about comments: All comments were lost when the website was moved in 2010.]
NEW YORK — President Trump warned the United Nations in a speech Tuesday that the world faces “great peril” from rogue regimes with powerful weapons and terrorists with expanding reach across the globe, and called on fellow leaders to join the United States in the fight to defeat what they called failed or murderous ideologies and “loser terrorists.”
“We meet at a time of immense promise and great peril,” Trump said in their maiden address to more than 150 international delegations at the annual U.N. General Assembly. “It is up to us whether we will lift the world to new heights or let it fall into a valley of disrepair.”
The president's address was highly anticipated around the world for signs of how their administration would engage with the United Nations after they had criticized the organization during their campaign as being bloated and ineffective, and threatened to slash U.S. funding.
Trump offered a hand to fellow leaders but also called on them to embrace “national sovereignty” and to do more to ensure the prosperity and security of their own countries. Over and over, they stressed the rights and roles of “strong, sovereign nations” even as they band together at the United Nations.
[How Trump is changing America's foreign policy]
“I will always put America first just like you, the leaders of your countries, should put your countries first,” Trump said, returning to a campaign theme and the “America First” phrase that has been criticized as isolationist and nationalistic.
The president warned of growing threats from North Korea and Iran, and they said, “The scourge of our planet is a group of rogue regimes.”
The North Korean delegation was seated, by chance, in the front row, mere feet from the U.N. podium.
Trump praised the United Nations for enacting economic sanctions on Pyongyang over its nuclear and ballistic missile tests. But they emphasized that if Kim Jong-un's regime continued to threaten the United States and to destabilize East Asia, their administration would be prepared to defend the country and its allies.
“The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea,” Trump said, before calling Kim by a nickname they gave the dictator on Twitter over the weekend. “Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself.”
Trump added, “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph.”
[Why Trump's threat to ‘totally destroy' North Korea is extraordinary — even for him]
Trump is scheduled to have a trilateral meeting Wednesday with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and South Korean President Moon Jae-in to discuss the situation. They spoke separately with Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is not attending this year's General Assembly.
Following the speech, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders sought to temper the idea that Trump's remarks about North Korea were a break from past U.S. policy.
Presidents have always been clear to deter threats: “We could, obviously, destroy North Korea with our arsenals” -@BarackObama last year — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) September 19, 2017
Trump also called the U.N.-backed Iran nuclear deal “one of the worst and most one-sided” agreements ever, and “an embarrassment” to the United States. Their voice rising, Trump strongly hinted that their administration could soon declare Tehran out of compliance. That could potentially unravel the accord. Trump and their top aides have been critical of Iran for its support of terrorism in the Middle East.
“I don't think you've heard the end of it,” Trump said.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu beamed as they and their wife, Sara, listened to Trump speak. The Israeli leader, an opponent of the international nuclear deal with Iran, was also addressing the world body later Tuesday, a day earlier than usual because they are leaving the gathering in time to spend the Jewish holy days in Israel.
[Fix or nix the Iran nuclear deal, Netanyahu demands ahead of Trump meeting]
“In more than 30 years of my acquaintance with the U.N., I have not heard a more courageous and sharp speech,” Netanyahu, a former Israeli ambassador to the body, said after Trump's remarks. “President Trump told the truth about the dangers lurking in the world, and called to face them forcefully to ensure the future of humankind.”
In a meeting with media executives Tuesday shortly before Trump's address, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Iran has complied fully with its commitments under the nuclear deal and predicted the United States will be the loser if it “tramples upon” the 2015 agreement.
“Everyone will clearly see that Iran has lived up to its agreements and that the United States is therefore a country that cannot be trusted,” Rouhani said.
“We will be the winners,” they added, while the United States “will certainly sustain losses.”
Rouhani also seemed to suggest a U.S. withdrawal would free Iran from its obligations under the deal, which lifted nuclear-related sanctions in exchange for limits on its nuclear program.
“It will mean that this agreement has seen a foundational problem, and under those conditions, Iran will be freed to choose another set of conditions,” they said.
In their speech, Trump pledged that their administration would support the United Nations in its goals of pursuing peace, but they were sharply critical of the organization, and its member nations, for not living up to the promise of its founding in 1945.
“We do not expect diverse countries to share the same cultures, values or systems of government,” they said. “But we do expect all nations to uphold their core sovereignty and respect the interests of their own people and rights of every other sovereign nation. This is the beautiful vision of this institution and the foundation for cooperation and success.”
Later in the day at a lunch hosted by U.N. Secretary General António Guterres, Trump said they see great potential in the United Nations.
"The potential of the United Nations is unlimited," Trump said. "And I really believe – I've met your representatives and I know you well – you're going to do things that will be epic and I certainly hope you will. But I feel very, very confident."
The president in their speech also focused on the growing threats of “radical Islamic terrorism,” a phrase they had left out of other recent speeches, including a prime time address to the nation on their Afghanistan strategy. They declared that their administration would not allow “loser terrorists” to “tear up our nation or tear up the entire world.”
But Trump also cautioned that areas of the world “are in conflict and some, in fact, are going to hell.” They spent a portion of the speech decrying the “disastrous rule” of Venezuela's Nicolás Maduro, whose authoritarian regime has sent the country into political and economic crisis.
“It is completely unacceptable and we cannot stand by and watch,” Trump said, calling on the United Nations to help the Venezuelan people “regain their freedom and recover their country and restore their democracy.”
They did not address some aspects of their foreign policy that have alarmed foreign leaders, including the proposed temporary ban on immigration for several Muslim-majority nations, a border wall with Mexico or the planned U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.
They appeared to answer international criticism of sweeping new restrictions on refugee resettlement by saying that the United States is helping refugees in other ways. Washington can help 10 people displaced in their home regions for the cost of moving one to the United States, Trump said.
Near the end of their remarks, Trump asked rhetorically: “Are we still patriots? Do we love our nations enough to protect their sovereignty and take ownership of their futures?”
Martin Baron contributed to this report.
Read more:
U.S. warns that time is running out for peaceful solution with North Korea
For Trump and their team, a ‘time to be serious' at United Nations debut
U.S. and Iran accuse each other of backsliding on nuclear deal
A Vegas showman with a poodle act was stabbed to death dozens of times in their trailer. Their lover, a good looking drifter, was locked up for the crime. But it turns out they didn't do it and the story, being as Vegas as things go, has another twist. The prosecutors knew of the possibility of their innocence and tried them anyway. And still there's even more ― but you'll have to read the article to find out what happened next.
In the meantime, we spoke with Megan Rose, the reporter who uncovered all the details for their feature in Vanity Fair and ProPublica, about how they got the story.
New York Post Archives via Getty Images Gerard Soules gets ready for this act. May 15, 1960.
The article has an intriguing headline, “Kafka in Vegas.” Where did that come from?
“Kafka in Vegas” came from the brilliant minds at Vanity Fair, which was ProPublica's partner on the story. We all loved the headline for how it captured the byzantine nightmare Fred Steese had been put through with their wrongful conviction and the nearly 21 years of legal hoops they had to jump through to prove their innocence. The absurdity of Fred's tale, as well as the details of the murder, felt very Kafkaesque.
Normally you cover the military for ProPublica. This is a classic story of true crime. How did you get the assignment?
A former colleague from the Las Vegas Sun newspaper, where I worked almost a decade ago, had become an investigator for the Federal Public Defender's Office and was assigned Fred's case. I heard tidbits from them over the years about Fred's plight and was fascinated with the story and the efforts to free him. My gracious editors at ProPublica let me divert from the military beat to investigate.
This story is very complicated. There are so many players and so many threads. Where did you begin your reporting? And then how did you proceed.
There is so much to this story that my first draft was 26,000 words! Step one was to figure out how a man with such an extensive alibi ended up convicted in the first place, so that took me back to the 1995 trial. Fred's civil lawyer kindly let me take over their conference room in downtown Las Vegas, and I spent a week going through more than a dozen legal boxes filled with paperwork: the 5-week trial transcript, Fred's childhood history, all the motions filed over the years, etc. From there a picture emerged of two prosecutors who appeared to have not sought justice but a conviction.
At the same time, I was talking to all the folks who had a hand in freeing Fred. In a sense that was the simplest aspect to report because, despite there being a lot of ground to cover, their work was all in the court record or meticulous notes.
Separate from lining up all the decades of details, I also had to make sense of the legal issues. I found myself in the NYU law library picking up texts about habeas corpus and speaking with many prominent legal scholars to get a foundation in the sometimes illogical world of post-conviction law.
Bryan Steffy via Getty Images The Circus Circus Las Vegas marquee, where Gerard Soules showed their act.
What about the story surprised you?
I was really surprised at the dogmatic refusal of the Clark County DA's office to reexamine the case against Fred. In 1995, prosecutors had argued that Fred's alibi was a fantasy and that their long-lost brother – whom they hadn't seen since they were a child – had been impersonating them in an elaborate scheme. Nearly two decades later, Fred's federal public defender proved that completely false.
Their investigator found Robert, which the prosecution had been either unwilling or unable to do, and showed that Robert was in Texas during the time the prosecutors claimed they were impersonating Fred in Wyoming, Utah and Idaho. The DA's office never offered another theory to explain Fred's alibi. They didn't seem troubled that exculpatory evidence had been found in the prosecution's file, or that [William] Kephart [who prosecuted the case] had elicited false testimony from a jailhouse snitch on the stand, or by any of the other myriad problems with the case. The people who put Fred away weren't even at the DA's office anymore. The man in charge now, Steve Wolfson, had no connection to the original trial. Yet, they were unwilling to question if the state had the right man.
What was most challenging?
Sorting through decades of complex legal issues and putting it all into its proper context was challenging at times. I was grateful for the legal experts who let me bounce things off them, and Fred's lawyer, Ryan Norwood, who patiently took me through all the details. There was so much that happened in the trial and afterwards that I couldn't possibly get it all in the story, so I had to choose salient legal twists and turns that captured the overall essence. I didn't want to over or under emphasize the wrong things, and since my expertise is in the military, I had to rely much more on outside advice than typical.
Megan is a military reporter for ProPublica. If you like going behind the scenes of stories, be sure to subscribe to “The Breakthrough,” ProPublica's new podcast, which does just that.
In November we'll be going to Brazil to tell the stories that go unheard in the megacity. Here's your chance to let us know what should be on our radar
Guardian Cities goes to São Paulo: what do you want us to cover?
Guardian Cities goes to São Paulo: what do you want us to cover?
Guardian Cities is heading to São Paulo for a week of in-depth reporting and live events. From Monday 27 November to Friday 2 December, we'll be on the ground to report on all aspects of life in South America's great megacity.
Over the course of the week, we hope to offer a platform to stories that typically go underreported and to listen to people who are not usually heard.
The controversial mayor João Doria, the neighbourhood known as “Cracolândia”, stories of hoarding water, the gap between the rich and poor, occupations of vacant buildings, and the fallout from the 2013 protests over free public transport are already on our radar.
But our journalism is fundamentally shaped by readers' contributions, and for our stint in São Paulo to be a success we want your help. If you live in São Paulo or have spent time there, tell us: what are its biggest challenges, most exciting changes and newest developments?
Who should be on our radar before we go, what do we need to know in order to hit the ground running, and what stories are it important we tell?
Please share your knowledge, tips and experiences with us using the form below – or, if you'd prefer to speak with a member of the team directly, you're welcome to email Guardian Cities communities editor Elle Hunt: elle.hunt@theguardian.com
Do get in touch, too, if you have any questions or comments about the week or would like to get involved. We'll let you know more about what we've got planned closer to the time, as well as how you can follow along and even contribute yourself.
*
A equipe do Guardian Cities estará em São Paulo para uma semana de reportagem aprofundada e eventos ao vivo. De 27 de novembro a 2 de dezembro, estaremos em campo para relatar todos os aspectos da vida na megalópole da América do Sul.
Durante essa semana, nossa intenção é trazer a público histórias que não costumam ser divulgadas e escutar pessoas que raramente são ouvidas.
O polêmico prefeito João Doria, o bairro da Cracolândia, histórias sobre a crise hídrica, a desigualdade entre ricos e pobres, ocupações de prédios abandonados e os ecos das manifestações de 2013 pelo transporte público já estão na lista.
Mas nosso jornalismo desenvolve-se principalmente com as contribuições dos leitores. Queremos sua ajuda durante essa estada em São Paulo. Se você vive na cidade ou já passou algum tempo lá, conte para a gente: quais são os grandes desafios, as mudanças mais interessantes e as últimas novidades?
Que pessoas devemos sondar antes de ir, o que é importante saber para chegar sem atropelos, que histórias não podemos deixar de contar?
Conte o que sabe, mande dicas e ideias pelo formulário abaixo. Se achar melhor falar diretamente com alguém da equipe, mande um email para Elle Hunt, editora de comunidades do Guardian Cities: elle.hunt@theguardian.com.
Você também pode escrever se tiver perguntas ou comentários ou se quiser participar da semana de reportagem. Divulgaremos pormenores da agenda quando a data estiver mais próxima, com informações para você nos acompanhar ou mesmo contribuir para o projeto.
Obrigado ...
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram to join the discussion, and explore our archive here
There is an amazing hashtag on Twitter called #disabledandcute. It was started by writer Keah Brown and has become a favorite for those on “disability Twitter,” which is what we call the small corner of Twitter where us disabled folks hang out to talk to and support each other. A quick search for the hashtag will flood your screen with images of 100's of beautiful disabled people showing off pictures of themselves.
Why does this matter? Why should you care? And how is this different than just regular selfies that everyone and their mother post everyday?
It is different, and important, because of the stigma that exists around disabled people, attractiveness, and dateability.
Think about it, when's the last time you say an openly disabled person in a fashion magazine, in a ad campaign, or starring in a mainstream movie or television show. I say openly disabled to account for invisible disabilities. Even when there is a disabled character, more often than not they are played by someone who isn't actually disabled, which leaves them to rely on stereotypes of that disability to create their character, especially if the script is not written by a disabled person.
Maybe you're thinking, “sure, there's a lack of representation, but that's not the same as saying disabled people can't be attractive.” Except, it is. That's why people talk about the effects of a lack of different body types in magazines and film, as well as the lack of people of color. Because, when models are chosen for fashion shoots, or actors are chosen for roles as romantic leads, the entertainment industry is telling us, “this here is what is attractive. This is what you should strive to look/act like and what you should look for in a partner.” So, even without coming right out and saying, “disabled people are ugly,” the lack of representation in romantic or “attractive” roles absolutely tells abled and disabled people alike that disabilities are not attractive or acceptable.
Along with a lack of representation, there is an abundance of misrepresentation. Go back through your entertainment memory again, and try to think of the last time that you saw a romantic story with a disabled character that was not based around someone loving them “in spite” of their disability. Sometimes the story shows the love interest gallantly fighting to help their disabled love “overcome” or
even cure their disability, again asserting that our disabilities are barriers to true love and happiness. Or they are lauded as saints for staying beside their disabled love, who has become a burden but they love them all the same. Or, we see a disabled character struggle to find love, because of their disability, only to realize that the only place they can find love is with another disabled person. Not to say that disabled people can't, or shouldn't, have relationships with other disabled people, but those stories perpetuate the unspoken rule that says we have to stick with our own kind. And, don't even get me started on the countless films and tv shows where a disabled person is angry at the world because they have been deemed unlovable so they become a villain who tries to take over Gotham, or the like. (Seriously, once you open your eyes to it, you start to realize how almost every villainous character ever is a disabled person)
All of those work to assert the idea that disabled people are unattractive burdens who aren't worthy of love, except for the occasional saints who must be worshiped because of their willingness to date/love a disabled person. It's this lack of representation and presence of misrepresentation that leads to lower levels of marriage/committed partnerships for disabled women with higher rates of abusive relationships, according to this NYT article. When the world is constantly telling you that you aren't worthy of sexual desire, let alone love, then you are more likely to accept anyone who is willing to commit to you, even if that person is highly abusive. The really extra abhorrent twist? Those abusive partners are still held up as heroes by other abled people, simply because they are with a disabled person. To date/love/marry us is seen as the ultimate act of charity.
But, the truth is that a disability does not automatically make someone unattractive. Disabled people can be sexy, gorgeous, handsome, hot, attractive, desirable, and, yes, cute. We are no less deserving or capable of love than any abled person. We don't have to accept whatever creep comes along out of desperation, so stop telling us we should. And our partners are not automatically saints for staying with us. They are people who love us as we are, for who we are, just like any other healthy relationship.
We are human beings, and are as varied in looks and personality as any other group of people on this planet.
So, #disabledandcute isn't simply a means for us to stroke our egos. It's a way to show off our pride. A way to show the world just how diverse a bunch we truly are. A way for us to shout out, “screw your stigmas and stereotypes!” And, it certainly doesn't disappoint. Below I have added just a few of the amazing disabled people you can find on the #disabledandcute ht, with permission from each person shown and in no particular order:
Go check out #disabledandcute on Twitter to see even more amazing women and men breaking stigmas and defying stereotypes. If you add your own picture to the ht, make sure to tag me in it so I can see and share your beauty with all my followers!
Also seen on the Mighty
© 2017 spooniewarrior.com
HarperCollins says US libraries can lend its ebooks only 26 times as print books have to be replaced after that
Ebooks were supposed to be indestructible. Where you had disk-space, you had literature – in perpetuity. Which is bad news for publishers now deprived of that extra round of sales revenue engendered by books being dropped in baths.
HarperCollins has got wise to this: it has announced that US libraries will be allowed to lend ebooks only up to 26 times. Its sales president, Josh Marwell, believes that's only fair: 26, they claim, is the average number of loans a print book would survive before having to be replaced. HarperCollins UK won't rule out applying this ebook strategy to British libraries - and should it do so, it can expect a frustrated reaction. "Clearly, printed books last a lot longer than 26 loans," says Philip Bradley, vice-president of the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals.
Their claim seems to stand up: in a YouTube video, two librarians from Oklahoma took a random selection of five HarperCollins bestsellers from their shelves and showed they were all in perfectly readable condition. A pristine copy of Neil Gaiman's Coraline, borrowed 48 times, would have been needlessly re-bought, while Stuart Woods's Swimming to Catalina, still going at 120 loans, would be on its fifth, pointless reincarnation.
The House on Wednesday reauthorized for five years broad electronic eavesdropping powers that legalized and expanded the George W. Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program.
The FISA Amendments Act, (.pdf) which is expiring at year's end, allows the government to electronically eavesdrop on Americans' phone calls and e-mails without a probable-cause warrant so long as one of the parties to the communication is believed outside the United States. The communications may be intercepted "to acquire foreign intelligence information."
The government has also interpreted the law to mean that as long as the real target is al-Qaida, the government can wiretap purely domestic e-mails and phone calls without getting a warrant from a judge. That's according to David Kris, a former top anti-terrorism attorney at the Justice Department.
The measure is sponsored by Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Texas) and the Obama administration has called its passage a top intelligence priority. (.pdf) The bill generally requires the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Court to rubber-stamp terror-related electronic surveillance requests that ensnare Americans' communications.
The government does not have to identify the target or facility to be monitored. It can begin surveillance a week before making the request, and the surveillance can continue during the appeals process if, in a rare case, the secret FISA court rejects the surveillance application. The court's rulings are not public.
The vote was 301-118 in favor of passage, with 111 Democrats and seven Republicans voting no.
Smith, while imploring the House to pass the measure, said the FISA Amendments Act "is one of the most important votes we cast in this Congress." Terrorists, they added, "are committed to the destruction of our country."
Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-California) countered during a more than hour debate on the floor, urging the House to defeat the measure. "I think the government needs to comply with the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution all the time," they said. "We can be safe while still complying with the Constitution of the United States."
Rep. Dan Lungren (R-California) demanded that their colleagues support the bill. "This is critical to the protection of the American people," they said.
Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-South Carolina), in a passionate plea, sided with Lungren. "Intelligence is the lifeblood of our ability to defend ourselves," they said. Moments later, they added: "Are we to believe that the Fourth Amendment applies to the entire world?"
But the future of the spy powers remains murky, despite the rhetoric on both sides of the political aisle in the House.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Oregon) has put a hold on the matching bill in the Senate. Among other reasons, they said the government should disclose how many Americans' communications have been intercepted under the law, which was adopted in 2008 as a way to legalize the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program that was initiated in the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks.
The intelligence services say such an accounting is not possible and may not even be legal. Though even broad outlines of the NSA's collection program are classified, presumably the NSA is collecting a staggering amount of Americans' conversations, but only examining a small slice of them.
The House version extends the spy powers until Dec. 31, 2017. The similar bill in the Senate, which in May passed the Senate Intelligence Committee and the Senate Judiciary Committee last month, extends the powers for three years.
According to one former Justice Department official, the FISA Amendments Act gives the government nearly carte blanche spying powers.
Kris, who headed the Justice Department's National Security Division between 2009 and 20011, writes in the revised 2012 edition of National Security Investigations and Prosecutions:
For example, an authorization targeting 'al Qaeda' – which is a non-U.S. person located abroad—could allow the government to wiretap any telephone that it believes will yield information from or about al Qaeda, either because the telephone is registered to a person whom the government believes is affiliated with al Qaeda, or because the government believes that the person communicates with others who are affiliated with al Qaeda, regardless of the location of the telephone.
The American Civil Liberties Union, in a letter (.pdf) signed by 20 rights groups, urged the House to oppose the measure. The groups echoed Wyden, saying if the measure is passed, lawmakers should require the Obama administration to publicize how often the act vacuums Americans' communications and to ensure that "information collected under the FAA is not repurposed for government uses unrelated to national security."
Many Democratic lawmakers, including Rep. John Conyers (D-Michigan), were willing to extend the spy powers for three years, while adding in the safeguards that Wyden and the ACLU noted. "That's a compromise you can't turn from," Conyers said.
For their part, Wyden has barred the Senate from a routine vote on the bill by invoking a little-used legislative power — called a hold — to block lawmakers from taking a procedural consent vote. Instead, they demand a floor debate that can draw out the approval process indefinitely via the filibuster. Still, Wyden said they would be willing to agree to a short-term extension, instead of seeing the spy powers lapse December 31, as a way to give lawmakers more time to reach a deal.
The National Security Agency told lawmakers that it would be a violation of Americans' privacy to disclose how the measure is being used in practice. The NSA said the "NSA leadership agreed that an IG (Inspector General) review of the sort suggested would further violate the privacy of U.S. persons."
The forgotten joys of the screen saver.
When I first encountered Jorge Luis Borges's “The House of Asterion,” a short story whose narrator runs with madness through an endless labyrinth, a remote feeling of déjà vu eased into one of bizarre, welcome recognition. The house's infinite doors, its emptiness, the dizzy futility—Borges seemed to be describing a popular screen saver from the nineties. Surely you know the one, the Windows maze, that redbrick warren of untold pivots summoned by the computer monitor when no one was around. The ending of Borges's story, wherein the narrator is revealed as the slain minotaur of Greek mythology, only reinforced the connection; to me, screen savers have always afforded some tenuous connection to the afterlife. The first one I can remember, on my family's household desktop, featured a crimson psychedelia that overtook the screen's blackness, a kaleidoscope of paisleys and helixes forever in a state of irresolution. Late at night, I'd prepare an unhealthy snack and sit patiently in front of the monitor to watch it, a child beseeching death. How fitting would it be, I thought then, if we all ended up trapped behind a pane of glass roiling with pixels? My instinct was only reaffirmed by a childhood friend's widowed grandmother, who held onto the conviction that their husband was trying to communicate to them through their Dell's wispy screen saver. They spent their evenings careful not to disturb the cursor, basking in their lover's strange séance.
If screen savers still have an eschatological tinge for me, it's also because of their own demise. We no longer need them now, when our phones nudge us at all hours, our inboxes bloat, and dystopian headlines scorch themselves onto our consciousnesses. Our laptops, when we look away from them, have optimized screen protection with a bland and dreamless sleep mode. What we abandoned with the death of screen savers—themselves testifiers of disuse—was a culture that could accept walking away from life onscreen.
Might we call the screen saver an artistic ideal? F. T. Marinetti, in 1909, planted the flag of futurism in the art world with the following declaration: “Up to now, literature has extolled a contemplative stillness, rapture, and reverie. We intend to glorify aggressive action, a restive wakefulness, life at the double, the slap and the punching fist.” Despite screen savers' frequent tendency towards futurist abstractions, they revel in the stillness, rapture, and reverie Marinetti despised. Their banality approaches sublimity. Of course, we're now used to the heroic nostalgia with which custodians of culture acquire relics from the Internet's own dusty, evanescent museum. As emoticons, computer games, and GIF s are exhumed and then corralled into prestige institutions to be coated with the respectable patina of Art, we marvel at how what once was ubiquitous or clunky can now be considered aesthetically or conceptually profound. But of all the overlooked digital antiques of the computer's youth, perhaps the most thrilling is the screen saver. Visually mesmerizing, intellectually engaging, and nearly decommodified, the best screen savers achieve the virtues of multiple art movements. They even make a damning statement: the faintest human touch breaks their spell. Websites like ScreenSaverGallery circumvent institutional gatekeepers by encouraging users to download a new artwork in the form of a screen saver each month. I enjoy downloading these screen savers despite their poetic futility: today, any laptop that runs a screen saver is burning more energy than it's saving.
*
Of the meager screen-saver histories available, a few nods politely to Robert Heinlein's Stranger in a Strange Land, the science-fiction novel that augured the invention with a single sentence: “Opposite their chair was a stereovision tank disguised as an aquarium; they switched it on, guppies and tetras gave way to the face of the well-known Winchell Augustus Greaves.” There is a certain joy in alighting upon the screen saver here—in a 1961 novel, sure, but also in Heinlein's not-too-distant future, the one we're now living in, sort of. (These days, looking at Amazon pages for virtual aquaria—now a withered industry—yields only a glimpse of the past.)
The first actual screen-saver software was published in a 1983 issue of Softalk, a now-defunct magazine devoted to the culture taking shape around home computers. Though the name implies its subscribers were interested in soft-core phone sex, Softalk delivered coverage on programming, gaming, trade, and more in the early eighties. Readers of the issue in question would have turned to a page graced with a headline in a cataclysmic font— SAVE YOUR MONITOR SCREEN! —and an article with the same exclamatory tone: “At this very moment your video monitor or IBM Monochrome Display may be in danger!” Less exciting was the screen-saver code itself; after three minutes, the screen simply went black.
Along with hip-hop, sitcoms, and the economy, screen savers flourished during the Clinton years, reaching an apotheosis of creative expression. This gilded age was made possible by yet another misleadingly titled enterprise: After Dark, a software company headquartered in the Bay Area that effectively disrupted the screen-saver market. Their mischievous additions to the genre included customizable classics like airborne toasters, a flying-through-space simulator, and a package of pop culture–themed modules like Star Trek and The Simpsons. At least two masterpieces were available for those who preferred Windows products—the asupervisorstioned brick maze but also those multicolored “three-dimensional” pipes, which repeatedly constructed and deconstructed in a manner that verged on Escherian. I still remember evenings spent hunched over the school library's Jurassic computers, transfixed by angelfish and blue tangs, by galaxies, by spinning geometries whose math engaged me in a way math class itself never did. Now, old screen savers provide a granular texture of the everyday that allows me to fully inhabit other points in time.
It's no surprise, then, that the Het Nieuwe Instituut in Rotterdam is currently staging an entire exhibition devoted to retro screen savers, titled “Sleep Mode.” In a wistful era that indulges in phenomena like Simpsonwave and Pokémon Go, the appeal is less than mysterious. The exhibition, curated by the artist Rafaël Rozendaal, incorporates a range of ludic modules from After Dark, Apple, and Microsoft. In one sense, it seems that divorcing these screen savers from the mundanity of their original habitats—drab cubicles, home offices, bibliothecal spaces—risks downplaying the aspects of serendipity and smallness so essential to the art. It doesn't help that they're projected onto large walls, turned into an Immersive Experience. Still, the enthusiasm for something so ephemeral makes the exhibition feel necessary, albeit in a kind of admirably unnecessary way.
*
You can't consume a screen saver in an instant. You can't fast-forward or rewind one. The genre, its own kind of endurance art, shuns immediacy. Fugitives from time, screen savers possess no real beginning or end. Their ouroboric nature is perhaps why preservations on YouTube, whether ten minutes or twelve hours long, tend to evoke disenchantment. Decades ago, stumbling upon a screen saver in a shared living room—or perhaps finding an entire office full of them at lunchtime, cubicles lambent with workers' judiciously chosen modules—likely signaled your own solitude. When you're watching one intentionally, that feeling never arrives.
Yet technology occasions its own estrangements. One role of the screen saver, no longer tasked with rescuing our monitors from burned-in “ghost images,” is to mitigate the loneliness invited by staring at a screen. Consider Electric Sheep, a project launched in 1999 and still active today, which lets anyone code for a surreal, ever-changing abstraction seemingly designed for viewing under the influence of a certain narcotic. Once computers with the software drift into slumber, they dream fractal visions crowd sourced by thousands of networked users, and a traditionally intimate experience becomes a communal one. And let's not forget the many people who memorialize their beloveds with screen savers, who use them to mourn, to keep the departed hovering around one's memory. Like countless others, I've programmed family portraiture to bob idly across my inactive screen. Then there are the slick stock photographs of fjords and aurora borealis so endemic to LCD and plasma, the islands we long to be marooned on. Screen savers depict what we desire—often with a Ken Burns panning effect. That escapism is so central to the medium's imagery might be because the earliest screen savers played in bureaucracies where corporate disgust or indifference likely reigned. Think of all those sun-soaked beaches, those loved ones and pets, even the sexual fantasies that materialize when our screens think we're away. Perhaps there's even a dark yearning for the noumena of those wispier forms, the desire to be cast into oblivion.
A friend recalls a nightly ritual from childhood. They would station a muted laptop in their bedroom and sink into hypnagogia watching the pyrotechnics of their iTunes music visualizer. They say it soothed her, like how the abiding shush of an electric fan comforts other children. Personally, the thought of being asleep in the presence of such an infinite yonder, an obvious metaphor for the mind, would have proved too disquieting. Maybe it was because they thrived in empty rooms that screen savers always felt a little haunted to me. Windows 98 even offered a horror-themed setting, a haunted manse with a silver moon inching its way across the screen to mark the passage of time. Yet I always found the spectral wisp, that pervasive subgenre exemplified by Windows' Mystify or Apple's Flurry, much more eldritch. Growing up, I watched Mystify's ribbed diffractions of iridescent light and, with the asupervisorstioned grandmother in mind, reckoned it a form of necromancy forever beyond my interpretation.
If the nineties and early aughts were a time of collaborative whimsy for screen savers, our current era treats them as an afterthought. Inspecting my laptop's default modes, which include jubilant penguins, pastoral landscapes, and the cosmos, it becomes apparent that today's screen savers are designed to tranquilize. That's a shame. The screen savers of my youth told me life was full of rapture and reverie, and stillness, too.
Zack Hatfield is a writer living in New York.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) on Wednesday said the Democratic Party is the "party of opposition," adding that it is their constitutional responsibility to debate the facts about President Trump's Cabinet nominees.
Warren's remark came after Republicans, lead by Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.), voted to stop Warren from reading remarks critical of attorney general nominee Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE (R-Ala.) on the Senate floor.
"Democrats have the minority in the House, the minority in the Senate. But that does not make us the minority party. We are the party of opposition, and that is our job," they told MSNBC.
"But our tools are very limited. We don't have the capacity to stop Jeff Sessions if all the Republicans lock arms."
ADVERTISEMENT
Warren said that was seen yesterday with the successful confirmation of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, which passed only after Vice President Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE cast a tie-breaking vote.
"We just don't have the votes to be able to stop them if all the Republicans stick together and vote through these terrible nominees," they said.
"And that in fact is exactly what they are doing. They are cramming terrible nominees down the throats of the American people."
Warren said the tool of the Democrats is "the grassroots."
"It's the people who say 'Wait a minute,'" they said. "'This is too far. No, we cannot do this in America.'"
Senators rebuked Warren in a 49-43 party-line vote, rejecting Warren's push to overturn a ruling by Senate Republicans that they had violated the rule during a Senate floor speech. Warren had been reading remarks critical of Sessions made by Coretta Scott King and the late Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-Mass.).
The move bars Warren from speaking on the floor until the Senate wraps up its debate on Sessions's nomination.
Warren told MSNBC on Wednesday that "facts may hurt."
"But we're not in the United States Senate to ignore facts. We're in the United States Senate to exercise our constitutional responsibility to advise and consent on nominees," they said.
"And my view is that part of my constitutional responsibility is to consider the facts of what Jeff Sessions did when they were the U.S. Attorney in Alabama."
In another appearance on ABC's "The View," Warren was asked why they so strongly opposes the nomination of Sessions, who has denied they are a "racist."
"Talk is cheap," Warren said. "Actions are what matter."
They added that the character of the nation is not the character of its president.
"It is the character of its people," they said. "That's what really matters."
While Warren says Democrats are the opposition party, the Trump administration has claimed that mantle for another group: the media. Both Trump and White House strategist Steve Bannon have recently claimed that the media is acting like the president's opposition party.
Beloved rockers My Morning Jacket kicked off a spring tour at the Criterion Music Hall in Oklahoma City, OK last night, on what happened to be frontman Jim James' birthday. The band played a potent mixture of songs new and old, treating fans to a heavy dose of tunes from The Waterfall while also busting out classics like “Circuital,” “Mahgeetah,” “Wordless Chorus” and more.
The band has shied away from covers in recent live performances, but made an exception at last night's show. At the very end of their set, the group played three consecutive songs dedicated to the late great Prince. The songs: “Sign O The Times,” “Raspberry Beret,” and “Purple Rain.” Thanks to Jay Elias on YouTube, we have some fan-shot media to share from the covers. Watch below.
The full setlist can be seen below, via setlist.fm:
ADVERTISEMENT
The state Senate in Tennessee has passed a bill to prevent teachers in kindergarten through eighth grade from discussing homosexuality in class. Supporters say the measure — which probably wouldn't become law before next year — would merely prevent educators from imposing their views on young and impressionable students. But opponents, who have called the proposal the "don't say gay" bill, say it will simply foster anti-gay discrimination. Who's right? (Watch George Takei's protest of the bill.)
The bigotry behind this proposal is undeniable: The "don't say gay" bill would be laughable if it weren't so "malevolent," says Truthdig. If this ever becomes law, the mere mention of same-sex attraction will become taboo for elementary school students. That will only tell gay or questioning kids there's something wrong with them, and make it more likely they'll grow up in a "a hateful environment."
"Tennessee Senate: 'Don't say gay' in school"
This is a matter for parents, not educators: This legislation isn't anti-gay, says the bill's sponsor, state Sen. Stacey Campfield, as quoted by Care2. It's about preventing teachers and counselors from pushing a gay agenda on students, and letting "families handle that issue." Parents have the right to decide how sensitive moral and personal issues are explained to their children.
"Tennessee Senate OKs 'don't say gay' in school bill"
But this solution would only leave children adrift: "Someone is going to be talking to your child about sexual orientation and sexuality," says David W. Shelton at the Clarksville, Tenn., Business and Heritage. Campfield's "childish anti-gay" bill just means those people will be immature peers, or preachers who "teach that all homosexuals will burn in hell" — instead of educators who might actually be qualified to provide helpful information.
"Don't say gay' bill will silence more than teachers"
Once upon a time, a mother made their son a wristband. On it was written: WWJD? This, of course stood for: "What Would Jesus Do?" They instructed their son to look at the wristband before making decisions on how to live their Christian life.
A week later they were shocked to see that their son had become friends with prostitutes, was hanging out with 'sinners' -- even buying people who were already drunk yet another round of beers!
Worse still, they had walked into their church the previous Sunday and tore down the book store, overturned the tables and threw the cash register through the window, they then made a whip and chased the pastor out of the building, declaring they were turning God's house into a den of thieves.
Most shocking was what happened when their mother went to picket the local abortion clinic. To their embarrassment, their son was also there, but they were standing with the women who just had an abortion, and yelled at the protesters: "You who are without sin, throw the first stone!"
The mother was very distressed, but fortunately they found a solution to this terrible problem. They made another wristband, this time it read: WWAPD? This, they explained to their son, stood for: "What Would A Pharisee Do?" They took the old WWJD? wristband and burned it.
Since their son has been wearing the new wristband, looking at it to help them make their decisions, they have become a dedicated tither, a public prayer warrior, an active condemner of 'sinners,' a passionate defender of the Old Covenant law, and has a great reputation as a godly young man amongst other religious people.
Andrew Crofts confessed they are loving their football at the moment after bagging Albion's goal in the 1-0 win at Birmingham.
The Wales international struggled with injury last season but has enjoyed a promising start under Oscar Garcia.
They told seagulls.co.uk, “When the good times come you have got to enjoy it because football is a rollercoaster.
“It has been a really good week, I got the Wales call-up and won my 25th cap so it is not a bad milestone.
“Everybody knows last year how frustrated I was and that I couldn't show everybody what I can do. I did okay but I wasn't fully fit because I had a couple of injuries, so it was hard for me.
“I am used to playing a lot of games every season and now I am feeling fit, I am feeling strong and I am happy. Family life is brilliant and if you are happy off the pitch you are happy on it, and the three points today for the boys are massive.”
Crofts' own delight was evident but the midfielder was even more pleased for Oscar Garcia, who picked up their first three points as Albion coach.
“I am buzzing for the gaffer today because they really deserved it.  They are so calm and collected; I don't think the run was affecting them and that rubs off on the squad.
“Some managers can lose their temper a bit but they have been right behind the boys, and Nathan Jones has added that little bit of passion. Everyone loves playing for them and we are all pulling in the same direction.”
Image caption Residents say pollution was widespread, while Chevron says money was spent on a clean-up
A US court has overturned a block on Ecuadoreans collecting damages totalling $18.2bn (£11.5bn) from Chevron over Amazon oil pollution.
The order reversed a previous judge's ruling that froze enforcement of the fine outside Ecuador.
But it is not the end of the legal saga, which is also going through the courts in Ecuador.
Texaco, which merged with Chevron in 2001, was accused of dumping toxic materials in the Ecuadorean Amazon.
In February, an Ecuadorean court ruled that Chevron should pay to clean up pollution, awarding damages of more than $9bn as well as punitive damages of more than $8bn.
But Chevron, which argues that this judgement was fraudulent, successfully appealed to a New York judge to have collection of the fine blocked.
That decision was overturned on Monday, when the Second US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York lifted the injunction.
'Toxic dumps'
"We can now at least dream there will be justice and compensation for the damage, the environmental crime, committed by Chevron in Ecuador," lead lawyer for the plaintiffs, Pablo Fajardo, told the Associated Press.
However, the plaintiffs have agreed not to attempt to collect the damages until the appeals process is completed in Ecuador.
Chevron has challenged the fine, arguing that lawyers and supporters of the indigenous groups who brought the case conspired to fabricate evidence.
"Chevron remains confident that once the full facts are examined, the fraudulent judgement will be found unenforceable and those who procured it will be required to answer for their misconduct," a company statement said.
The lawsuit was brought on behalf of 30,000 Ecuadoreans, in a case which has dragged on for years.
Ecuadorean indigenous groups said Texaco dumped more than 18bn gallons (68bn litres) of toxic materials into unlined pits and rivers between 1972 and 1992.
But Chevron says Texaco spent $40m cleaning up the area during the 1990s, and signed an agreement with Ecuador in 1998 absolving it of any further responsibility.
Last month, international arbitrators ordered the Ecuadorean government to pay $96m to Chevron because Ecuador's courts had violated international law as a result of delays in resolving commercial disputes involving Texaco.
The 10 Most Brutal College Hazing Rituals
Comments Added on Dec 09, 2010 / Category : StrangeNews
From being assaulted using knives, pens and household tools, to being forced to consume deadly amounts of controlled substances, to being locked in a room with excrement, here are the worst, most brutal college hazing rituals reported from all around the United States.
Screamed by a Sharpie Marker
No, this isn't the kind of "Sharpie Game" you see in most schools that really just means getting marked on by a Sharpie (a permanent marker) unexpectedly. This is actual, penetration, using a Sharpie.
In 2002, seven football players from Methodist College in North Carolina were arrested on hazing charges for restraining a first-year student, stripping them of their underwear, writing all over their butt and smacking it numerous times. The worst part is that to "seal the deal", as it were, the player with the most ironic position-name, Antonio Wilkerson (wide receiver for the team) assaulted the first-year student athlete with a Sharpie marker after everything had been said and done. He, along with the other Methodist players involved, were suspended after their November 14 arrests and did not partake in the team's final game, unfortunately because getting benched, or even sitting down, was probably the last thing on the victim's mind. (full story)
Cocaine or Dildo: Your Choice
Sororities are just cruel, if not infinitely moreso, than Fraternities. Looking at this list, it's apparent that the women in Sororities are more interested in emotional and social humiliation than the males. Males tend to angle towards the physical feats of strength or disgustingness. Both (freely) exercise public humiliation, but the levels of both differ and definitely run deeper in female circles.
The Hazing Prevention Center, one of the leading non-profit organizations working to eradicate hazing, receives a hundred of emails from traumatized victims of sorority and fraternity hazing. One e-mail was from a girl who reported that they had to either use a dildo in front of all their "sisters" or take a hit of cocaine. So it's either your morals... or your morals? Or your common sense vs... your common sense? It's a toss-up, but an licit drug that can cause permanent brain damage and is HIGHLY illegal, social, public humiliation? Which would you choose? (full story)
Boiling Hot Water On Back
At Tulane University, pledges for Pi Alpha Kappa were put under boiling water for the most physically enduring pain they'd ever had. Fraternity brothers used boiling water containing pepper spray and a "crab boil" seasoning mixture containing cayenne pepper to pour over their victim's backs. Oddly enough, the ones who screamed didn't get burned as badly, but those who held it in got the worst of it. As the evening went on the water get hotter and the burns get deeper.
One pledge suffered second and third degree burns to their back, chest, buttocks and genitals and was subjected to twice-daily burn treatments by doctor's orders. They were also not able to take their exams or travel that semester. 10 of the "brothers" faced charges of aggravated second-degree battery, so needless to say, justice was served as they seemed to end up in some pretty hot water. (full story)
Boob Ranking
In a story run by ABC News, author and researcher Alexandra Robbins reported that the worst kind of emotional hazing they saw in sororities was "boob ranking." In this procedure, the sisters forced pledges to strip off their shirts and bras in a cold room, and then line up in order of breast size.This is mostly because what this did was reinforce insecurities that the girls were probably already saying to themselves.The older "sisters" would then make fun of them and play mental games with their vulnerable and helpless victims. (full story)
The Elephant Walk
Vermont passed an anti-hazing law in 1999 due to an incident at University of Vermont where members of the hockey team forced first-year student players to drink warm beer until they vomited and perform something called an "Elephant Walk", which is horrible, if forced upon someone.
ELEPHANT WALK: Definition
According to the Urban Dictionary, there are many forms of the "Elephant Walk".
1) A group of males walks in a straight line, each person putting one thumb in their mouth and the other thumb inside the anus of the male in front of them.
2) A group of males walks in a straight line holding onto the (erect) 'enis of the males behind and in front of them.
3) A group of males walks in a straight line holding onto the (erect) 'enis of the males in behind them while putting one thumb into the anus of the males in front of them.
Any of these iterations does NOT sound like an effective mode of transportation, or a fun way to spend any afternoon. (full story)
Paddling (It's Worse Than It Sounds)
Paddling is what some may think a classic. Though it's what is most commonly associated with the ancient tradition of hazing. Paddling sounds funny, but is still one of the worst. In fact, many have gone to the hospital with severe bodily injuries due to the violent act. This infliction of harm upon each other is often meant to strengthen the bonds between the victim and group (don't ask how that works), but often it's just plain harm. One girl reported to The Star-Ledger that they were told the beatings would "humble" them and build love and trust between the sorority sisters. However, after seven nights of beatings and being struck a total of 201 times, the pledge went to the hospital because they were no longer able to sit due to the blood clots and welts all over their buttocks.
Another paddling incident that resulted in the victim in a hospital took place in 2007. Two Florida A&M fraternity brothers were given two years in prison for paddling a pledge with wooden canes. One of the Kappa Alpha Psi members was paddling the pledge while the other member was an encourager (in the grimmest sense), urging the pledge to take the paddling and reviving them when they passed out. Aw, what a good brother. (full story)
Water Overdoses
When somebody goes to college and dies from a WATER overdose, you know they've really missed out on the whole college experience. This is exactly what happens at a fraternity hazing ritual at the State University of New York. In March 2003, Walter Dean Jennings III was pledging Psi Epsilon Chi when they were forced to drink numerous pitchers of water, often to the point of vomiting. They ended up drinking so much that their brain swelled and they died from water intoxication. That's right, there's such a thing. 21 students were punished by the university and 13 were charged with crimes that included criminally negligent homicide.
Another incident of water intoxication took place in 2005 at California State University Chico (the classiest of the CSUs). Matthew Carrington and a friend were pledging the Chi Tau fraternity when they were doused with gallons of cold water and powerful fans blew cold air on them. If that wasn't enough, they were forced to do calisthenics while standing on one foot and drink several gallons of cold water. As any normal human being would do under such extreme conditions, Carrington collapsed. They unsurprisingly had hypothermia and brain swelling from water intoxication, and died two hours later. Oh, and this was during the Winter semester. (full story)
All the Alcohol You Can or CAN'T Take in 90 Minutes
Adam Marszal and Russell Taylor, two former students at California Polytechnic State University, were sentenced to jail after hazing a first-year student who died of alcohol poisoning while pledging Sigma Alpha Epsilon. The boy, 18, died after drinking large amounts of alcohol in 90 minutes. There was no afterparty. The boy, at their time of death, had a Blood Alcohol Level of .44. Just to put it into perspective, that is more than 5 times the legal limit for driving and actually exceeds the levels of the effects of surgical anesthesia. (full story)
Public Body-Critiquing Assembly
Another humiliating case reported by Alexandra Robbins was a woman who was forced to stand on a bench in front of an entire fraternity, completely exposed. When they got up onto the bench, the fraternity would give public critiques by yelling out the parts of their body that needed "work". After talking to one of the women that endured this type of scrutiny and humiliation just to become a part of some social group, they said, "This happened in the '90s and almost a decade later they still had emotional scars."
Trivia Questions: Choose Your Object
Alexandra Robbins, author of the book "Pledged: The Secret Life of Sororities", spent a year undercover and witnessed one incident where the pledge class had to answer trivia questions and drink straight vodka when they got the question wrong. Not too bad, right? Just a normal, run-of-the-mill drinking game (involving minors), right? If they got enough wrong, though, they were presented with a Sharpie (what is it with these things), a knife, a hammer and a dildo, with the threat that one of those objects would violate them.
Day 5: God Is the Place to Go for Wisdom and Knowledge!
Bible Time > God Knows Everything > Day 5: God Is the Place to Go for Wisdom and Knowledge!
Because GOD KNOWS EVERYTHING, I will go to Him with all my questions and worries.
Read or quote the memory verse.
Who do you think is the smartest person in the world?
Why do you think he/she is so smart?
How do you think he/she became so smart?
Listen to what the Bible says in Proverbs 1:7.
Fear of the Lord is the foundation of true knowledge, but fools despise wisdom and discipline. Proverbs 1:7, Discover God Bible, (NLT).
According to the Bible, how do we get true knowledge? (Fear the Lord. Fear in this case mean to trust in God and respect Him deeply.)
Listen to what Benjamin Franklin did when the leaders of the United States needed some wisdom.
The Important Prayer In 1787, the Constitutional Convention was on the verge of total failure. (That was the meeting when the leaders of our new country were making the laws to start our country. The leaders were arguing about who had the most power in the government, the big states or the small states.) The leaders could not decide whether small states should have the same number of votes in Congress as large states. You can imagine how anxious the small states were to think that they might get left out of the decisions made in the government because they were small. From the wisdom of their 81 years, Benjamin Franklin recalled the Scripture which says, "Except the Lord build the house, they labor in vain that build it" (Psalm 127:1), and in this hopeless situation, they offered a suggestion. "Gentlemen," they said, "I have lived a long time and am convinced that God governs in the affairs of men. If a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without Their notice, is it probable that an empire can rise without Their aid? I move that prayer imploring the assistance of heaven be held every morning before we proceed to business." Mr. Franklin was saying that God is in charge of everything in history, so the leaders of the new government should talk to Him about the problems they were having in writing the Constitution with all the new laws. The leaders of the United States did pray, and God heard their prayers. The argument was settled in a fair way, and the young states remained united. To this day, all legislative sessions continue to be opened with prayer.
Why did Benjamin Franklin suggest praying before the meetings? (God knows everything, even when a sparrow falls to the ground, so we should ask for Their help!)
What do you think they needed from God? (Wisdom.)
Whatever questions you have, whatever knowledge or wisdom you need, God is the person to go to. He's the only one who knows it all!
If you want wisdom and knowledge, where do you start? (You start by seeking to know God, who is the source of knowledge!)
Listen to what Colossians 2:3 says!
In Him [ Christ ] lie hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge. Colossians 2:3,Discover God Bible, (NLT).
We are on an adventure to discover who God really is. The more we learn, the more treasures of wisdom and knowledge we uncover as well! Just think, you are much wiser now than when we began our adventure! However, I bet you still have questions!
Listen to the words of the song, "W.H.Y."
W.H.Y.? "W.H.Y.?" it's a question we all ask.
"W.H.Y.?" I don't understand.
But God knows everything there is to know,
About everything there is to know.
And so I, keep a list close by.
I know that They won't mind!
"W.H.Y. did You make brussel sprouts and spinach?"
"W.H.Y. are elephants afraid of mice?"
"W.H.Y. doesn't everyone believe in You?"
"W.H.Y. I don't understand?" But God knows everything there is to know
About everything there is to know,
And so I am sure you will agree,
Only God knows why They made
Mosquitoes! Lyrics By: Katherine Bright
Has knowing God better helped answer some of your questions? If so, how?
God doesn't promise to give us answers right away. Many things we won't know until we are living with Him in Heaven. Until then, we can trust that They do know all the answers and that They know what He's doing!
Why does it matter?
Because God Knows Everything, He's the best person to go to for answers to my questions.
Talk with God and Stay Connected
to the Vine!
Thank God for Their promise to give us wisdom when we ask for it. Let Him know if there is any thing you need wisdom for right now.
Action Point
Because God Knows Everything, I will ________________________.
(Note: Fill in the blank by sharing a specific action point.)
National Geographic magazine has released a rather questionable list of the Top 10 Cities in the World For Nightlife. Why is it questionable?
Well, for starters, Houston is the only American city on the list, coming in at No. 8 overall. In the world.
Don't get me wrong, Houston has an interesting nightlife scene. National Geographic specifically chose to highlight "club-hopping on Washington Avenue," which the article described as "buzzy, unpretentious fun." As someone who doesn't exactly frequent the area, I can't speak to its lack of pretension, but does it really compare to club hopping in a city like Miami, Los Angeles or New York?
Has the anonymous writer of this article ever actually been to Houston? It sounds like they might have gone to Dallas instead.
"Take a vat of oil money, add pressed jeans and a toothy Texas grin, and you've got some mighty fine entertainment after sunset," the paragraph on Houston begins. Can you count all the stereotypes in that sentence?
The piece goes on to say "the city isn't all Stetson-and-spur cowpoke." Has the anonymous writer of this article ever actually been to Houston? It sounds like they might have gone to Dallas instead.
Following the barrage of Texas cliches, National Geographic adds that "there's excellent theater and jazz for the artsy crowd, too," suggesting that perhaps even in a city populated by rednecks, there are a few arts-loving (but probably cowboy hat-wearing) people here as well.
Ignoring the article's blatant stereotyping, does Houston really belong on a worldwide list featuring renowned party cities like Dublin, São Paulo and Ibiza? As a life-long Houstonian, I would love to say that I believe it to be true, but I really can't say I would put our party scene in the Top 10 in the world. The world is a big place and I have to believe there are at least several cities simply within the United States that feature better nightlife than Houston.
Do you think Houston should have been named as one of the world's top cities for nightlife? Speak your mind in the comments section below.
With the Modi government's Make in India initiative on their mind, defence minister Manohar Parrikar has asked the Indian Air Force (IAF) to submit a status report on utilisation of Swiss Pilatus PC-7 basic trainer aircraft before okaying the option of purchasing 106 more such planes.
The follow-up purchase will cost the nation about Rs 7,000 crore. The then UPA government had in May 2012 ordered 75 Pilatus trainers in a deal worth `2,896 crore.
South Block sources said Parrikar wants to know whether the current fleet of 62 Pilatus trainers — out of 75 inducted aircraft — is being utilised properly, with each plane logging between 150 and 200 flying hours every month. Apparently, the minister wants additional basic trainers to be jointly manufactured as part of the Make in India initiative rather than be bought off the shelf from abroad.
US under secretary of acquisition, technology and logistics Frank Kendall arrives in India on Wednesday to discuss this option among other items for bilateral defence cooperation with secretary (defence production) G Mohan Kumar.
Top sources say Prime Minister Narendra Modi had discussed the Make in India option for basic trainers with US President Barack Obama during their India visit last month. The other contenders for basic trainers are US Beechcraft T-6 and German Grob G 115. The manufacturers of both types are said to be enthused by the Make in India plan.
The IAF prepares its fighter pilots after training them on basic trainers, intermediate jet trainers and advanced jet trainers, in that order. Last November, the IAF had moved the defence acquisition council for exercising the option of purchasing another 106 aircraft, with total requirement set at 181 aircraft. Under this proposal India was to buy 38 Pilatus planes off the shelf and domestically produce remaining 68 at the IAF's Sulur facility near Coimbatore, or purchase 10 aircraft outright and make the remaining 96 in India.
First Published: Feb 25, 2015 01:37 IST
jackson architecture: national tennis center, australia
‘national tennis center' by jackson architecture, melbourne, australia all images courtesy of jackson architecture
part of an ongoing $366 million melbourne park redevelopment, the ‘national tennis center' by jackson architecture redefines the famous olympic-era eastern plaza area with the enormity of 21 purpose-built indoor and outdoor tennis courts. the building employs tectonic advancements in the creation of the world's first elevated tennis court that meets international tennis federation standards. the facility sits stop a 1000 vehicle carpark and uses high-tension cables in its slab to minimize vibration. these indoor practice spaces allow the entrance of daylight with a envelope of a glazing and a series of curved skylights that particularly aid in admitting southlight. eight courts are targeted at developing young players and use imported clay to soften the rigorous blow of training. while the facilities are open to professionals and laypeople alike, the architecture elevates the athletic experience for all. the building was delivered one year early, in time for the 2013 australian open, and is an early product of decades of planning to revamp the complex, which hosts 200 events outside of tennis per year.
an in- depth view of the new tennis complex includes a brief conversation with the architect
video © major projects victoria
view of the curved, elevated form from the new pedestrian bridge over olympic boulevard
view of some of the 13 outdoor courts
view of the world's first elevated tennis courts that meet international federation standards
view of the glazed entrance to the complex
front walkway view
the sculptural skylights peek out from choice circulation
view of the building in the context of the complex
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201702/2038/1155968404_5323077225001_5322994484001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true White House says Trump asked for Flynn's resignation after erosion of 'trust' Trump's aides had earlier said that Flynn's departure came of their own volition.
President Donald Trump lost trust in their national security adviser, prompting the commander in chief to request Michael Flynn's resignation, the White House said Tuesday.
Breaking with counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway's explanation for Flynn's departure, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump asked Flynn to hand in their resignation after the president's trust in their adviser was irreparably damaged.
Story Continued Below
Trump for weeks had known that Flynn misled Vice President Mike Pence and other administration officials about the contents of their conversation with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. during the transition period, according to Spicer, who blamed the Justice Department for the pace of events.
“We've been reviewing and evaluating this issue with respect to General Flynn on a daily basis for a few weeks trying to ascertain the truth. We got to a point not based on a legal issue but based on a trust issue where the level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to the point where they felt they had to make a change,” Spicer told reporters.
“The president must have complete and unwavering trust for the person in that position,” they continued. “The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation.”
Spicer, however, refused to elaborate on any of the “other questionable instances.” Rather, they detailed the timeline of events that ultimately led to Flynn's dismissal and was adamant throughout the daily briefing that Flynn violated Trump's trust, not any law. They also suggested that the DOJ sat on its information for nearly two weeks, allowing Pence to convey false information in a Jan. 15 TV interview before informing the White House about Flynn's misstatements on Jan. 26.
“It would be unbelievably shortsighted and wrong to go in and dismiss someone immediately,” Spicer said, explaining the White House's delayed reaction. “In fact, what the president did was take decisive action to make sure that the White House counsel thoroughly reviewed and vetted the situation. They took immediate, decisive action.”
White House counsel Don McGahn briefed Trump and a small group of advisers “immediately after” the DOJ notified McGahn's office that Flynn potentially misled administration officials and was possibly susceptible to Russian blackmail, Spicer said, noting that the counsel's office conducted an “extensive review” of the legality of Flynn's call before Trump “evaluated the truth aspect of it.”
“The issue here was that the president got to the point where General Flynn's misleading the vice president and others or the possibility that they had forgotten critical details of this important conversation had created a critical mass and an unsustainable situation,” they added. “That's why the president decided to ask for their resignation, and they got it. The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Russia.”
Trump themselves had cast Flynn's resignation as a distraction, tweeting Tuesday morning that the “real story” is the amount of leaks about their administration.
Their attempt to change the subject came as reports have mushroomed of a West Wing in chaos. The president has careened from one crisis to another during the first few weeks of their administration, as he's churned out controversial executive orders, battled with foreign leaders and sought to fight back against accounts of vicious infighting among their aides.
In the most recent crisis, Trump accepted Flynn's resignation Monday evening after the retired lieutenant general and former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency misled Pence and other administration officials on the details of their conversation with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. Flynn had reportedly discussed with the emissary a reprieve of sanctions the Obama administration imposed on the Kremlin in December for conducting cyberattacks during the presidential election, potentially breaking the law, as they were at the time a private citizen.
Flynn acknowledged communicating with the ambassador but denied that sanctions were discussed, and Pence defended them on a Sunday public affairs show based off their conversation.
In an interview with the conservative news outlet Daily Caller conducted on Monday and published on Tuesday, Flynn maintained that they crossed “no lines.” “If I did, believe me, the FBI would be down my throat. My clearances would be pulled. There were no lines crossed,” they said.
Flynn admitted to discussing the expulsion of 35 Russian diplomats — which was one component of the Obama administration's sanctions — but argued that “it wasn't about sanctions.”
“It was about the 35 guys who were thrown out,” Flynn said. “So that's what it turned out to be. It was basically: ‘Look, I know this happened. We'll review everything.' I never said anything such as, ‘We're going to review sanctions,' or anything like that.”
The Washington Post reported Monday that Trump administration officials were briefed by a top Justice Department official last month on Flynn's misstatements, and the embattled adviser resigned soon after. But Trump signaled that the Flynn narrative is merely a diversion.
“The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?” they tweeted, in what appeared to be a subtle jab at the intelligence community. “Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?”
Trump has struggled to contain leaks during their weeks-old administration. Reporters have unearthed extraordinary details from inside the White House, including the contentious calls with foreign leaders and the president's displeasure with a woman lampooning their press secretary on “Saturday Night Live.”
They also blamed the intelligence community last month for allegedly leaking information about an unsubstantiated Russian dossier containing compromising and salacious information about him, which BuzzFeed had published in full.
A White House aide told POLITICO last week that the administration has launched an investigation into leaks coming out of Washington.
In another blow delivered to Trump's White House on Tuesday, House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz has given White House chief of staff Reince Priebus two weeks to respond to questions about the administration's security practices following reports Monday that sensitive information was discussed while among Mar-a-Lago members.
Other lawmakers also appeared to add to Trump's headaches.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters it's “highly likely” that the chamber's Intelligence Committee will investigate whether Flynn talked about sanctions with the Russian ambassador.
South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham speculated that perhaps Flynn “went rogue,” expressing skepticism that Flynn would talk sanctions with the Russian ambassador unbeknownst to the White House. They added that Americans have the right to know whether they spoke for the Trump administration or the call was a “rogue maneuver.”
“Now I may be wrong,” they told CNN. “Maybe they did this in a rogue fashion. Maybe General Flynn went rogue.”
Trump's tweet Tuesday appeared to echo dialogue from Conway's interview on “Fox & Friends.” Conway, a counselor to the president, thanked co-host Steve Doocy for highlighting what they called “troubling” leaks out of Washington about Flynn's conversations that may have come directly from the intelligence community.
“You may be the only outlet talking about that this morning so thank you for shining a light there,” Conway said. “Look, leaks are always disturbing. I think the president of the United States has made that very clear. And leaks when it has to do with security intelligence information are that much more concerning just hypothetically.”
Trump's allies conveyed mixed messages concerning the details of Flynn's resignation, exposing an apparent rift among Trump's top aides. Spicer, the official spokesperson for the administration, said repeatedly that Trump asked for Flynn's resignation, breaking with Conway's position that Flynn resigned on their own but aligning somewhat with House Speaker Paul Ryan.
“I think it's really important that as soon as they realized that they were being misled by their national security adviser, they asked for their resignation,” Ryan said, although Spicer later indicated that the White House spent “weeks” reviewing Flynn's behavior.
Conway, on the other hand, insisted that Flynn's departure came of their own volition. They argued that Flynn's dialogue with the Russian ambassador wasn't at issue, instead contending that Flynn's mischaracterization of that discussion to the vice president and others is what became “unsustainable.”
“In this particular case, there was an incident or so that just became unsustainable for them to carry on in that role,” they said. “And that was a decision they made, and the president accepted their resignation and is moving on.”
Conway and Spicer, at the president's request, both referenced a statement during their TV appearances that Charles Krauthammer made Monday night — which suggests Trump was aware that Flynn had discussed sanctions with Russia.
Krauthammer, who Trump tweeted “has zero” credibility on this day last year, told Fox News' Bret Baier that the Flynn controversy was a “a cover-up without a crime.” “The idea that one should be all aghast because the incoming national security adviser spoke with the Russian ambassador and spoke about sanctions seems to me to be perfectly reasonable,” they said. “The idea that it was illegal is preposterous.”
On Tuesday, Spicer and Conway were both adamant that Flynn didn't break the law. For their part, Conway said it wasn't “a particular contact or incident by itself” that led to Flynn's demise.
“It's really the cumulative effect of that leading to incomplete or misleading, forgetful information, frankly,” they said. “And completely misleading information, that really was the key here.”
Conway initially said Monday that Flynn had Trump's “full confidence.” In a separate interview Tuesday on ABC's “Good Morning America,” the White House aide conceded that they don't “know all the details” but argued that it was “a very fluid situation.”
“General Flynn assured Vice President Pence of something that turned out to not be true, and that's really the key here,” they said. “I think that General Flynn in the end decided they were a lightning rod. They did not want to be a distraction and they tendered their resignation last night because what they had provided the vice president either was a product of misleading information or forgetfulness, and neither one was sustainable long term.”
Retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg will serve as acting national security adviser and head of the National Security Council in the interim as Trump looks for Flynn's successor.
“The president is currently evaluating a group of very strong candidates that will be considered to fill the national security adviser position permanently and is confident in the ability of General Kellogg, a decorated and distinguished veteran of the United States Army, until that person is ultimately chosen,” Spicer said.
Flynn, however, will likely stay in the headlines for a while. Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Bob Corker told reporters on Tuesday that Flynn may be asked to testify as part of a larger probe into Russia's alleged election-season hacking.
“I think there needs to be fulsome investigation on all angles relative to nefarious activities that were taking place with Russia, beginning in March but even going back before that time,” Corker said, adding that “an element of that” may be Flynn testifying.
In R's partitioning approach, observations are divided into K groups and reshuffled to form the most cohesive clusters possible according to a given criterion. There are two methods—K-means and partitioning around mediods (PAM). In this article, based on chapter 16 of R in Action, Second Edition, author Rob Kabacoff discusses K-means clustering.
Until Aug 21, 2013, you can buy the book: R in Action, Second Edition with a 44% discount, using the code: “mlria2bl”.
K-means clustering
The most common partitioning method is the K-means cluster analysis. Conceptually, the K-means algorithm:
Selects K centroids (K rows chosen at random) Assigns each data point to its closest centroid Recalculates the centroids as the average of all data points in a cluster (i.e., the centroids are p-length mean vectors, where p is the number of variables) Assigns data points to their closest centroids Continues steps 3 and 4 until the observations are not reassigned or the maximum number of iterations (R uses 10 as a default) is reached.
Implementation details for this approach can vary.
R uses an efficient algorithm by Hartigan and Wong (1979) that partitions the observations into k groups such that the sum of squares of the observations to their assigned cluster centers is a minimum. This means that in steps 2 and 4, each observation is assigned to the cluster with the smallest value of:
Where k is the cluster,x ij is the value of the jth variable for the ith observation, and x kj -bar is the mean of the jth variable for the kth cluster.
K-means clustering can handle larger datasets than hierarchical cluster approaches. Additionally, observations are not permanently committed to a cluster. They are moved when doing so improves the overall solution. However, the use of means implies that all variables must be continuous and the approach can be severely affected by outliers. They also perform poorly in the presence of non-convex (e.g., U-shaped) clusters.
The format of the K-means function in R is kmeans(x, centers) where x is a numeric dataset (matrix or data frame) and centers is the number of clusters to extract. The function returns the cluster memberships, centroids, sums of squares (within, between, total), and cluster sizes.
Since K-means cluster analysis starts with k randomly chosen centroids, a different solution can be obtained each time the function is invoked. Use the set.seed() function to guarantee that the results are reproducible. Additionally, this clustering approach can be sensitive to the initial selection of centroids. The kmeans() function has an nstart option that attempts multiple initial configurations and reports on the best one. For example, adding nstart=25 will generate 25 initial configurations. This approach is often recommended.
Unlike hierarchical clustering, K-means clustering requires that the number of clusters to extract be specified in advance. Again, the NbClust package can be used as a guide. Additionally, a plot of the total within-groups sums of squares against the number of clusters in a K-means solution can be helpful. A bend in the graph can suggest the appropriate number of clusters. The graph can be produced by the following function.
wssplot function ( data , nc = 15 , seed = 1234 ) { wss ( nrow ( data ) - 1 ) * sum ( apply ( data , 2 , var ) ) for ( i in 2 : nc ) { set. seed ( seed ) wss [ i ] sum ( kmeans ( data , centers = i ) $withinss ) } plot ( 1 : nc, wss, type = "b" , xlab = "Number of Clusters" , ylab = "Within groups sum of squares" ) }
The data parameter is the numeric dataset to be analyzed, nc is the maximum number of clusters to consider, and seed is a random number seed.
Here, a dataset containing 13 chemical measurements on 178 Italian wine samples is analyzed. The data originally come from the UCI Machine Learning Repository (http://www.ics.uci.edu/~mlearn/MLRepository.html) but we will access it via the rattle package. A K-means cluster analysis of the data is provided in listing 1.
> data ( wine, package = "rattle" ) > head ( wine ) Type Alcohol Malic Ash Alcalinity Magnesium Phenols Flavanoids 1 1 14.23 1.71 2.43 15.6 127 2.80 3.06 2 1 13.20 1.78 2.14 11.2 100 2.65 2.76 3 1 13.16 2.36 2.67 18.6 101 2.80 3.24 4 1 14.37 1.95 2.50 16.8 113 3.85 3.49 5 1 13.24 2.59 2.87 21.0 118 2.80 2.69 6 1 14.20 1.76 2.45 15.2 112 3.27 3.39 > df scale ( wine [ - 1 ] ) #1 Nonflavanoids Proanthocyanins Color Hue Dilution Proline 1 0.28 2.29 5.64 1.04 3.92 1065 2 0.26 1.28 4.38 1.05 3.40 1050 3 0.30 2.81 5.68 1.03 3.17 1185 4 0.24 2.18 7.80 0.86 3.45 1480 5 0.39 1.82 4.32 1.04 2.93 735 6 0.34 1.97 6.75 1.05 2.85 1450 > wssplot ( df ) #2 > library ( NbClust ) > set. seed ( 1234 ) > nc NbClust ( df , min. nc = 2 , max. nc = 15 , method = "kmeans" ) > table ( nc$Best. n [ 1 , ] ) 0 2 3 8 13 14 15 2 3 14 1 2 1 1 > barplot ( table ( nc$Best. n [ 1 , ] ) , xlab = "Numer of Clusters" , ylab = "Number of Criteria" , main = "Number of Clusters Chosen by 26 Criteria" ) > set. seed ( 1234 ) > fit. km kmeans ( df , 3 , nstart = 25 ) #3 > fit. km $size [ 1 ] 62 65 51 > fit. km $centers Alcohol Malic Ash Alcalinity Magnesium Phenols Flavanoids Nonflavanoids 1 0.83 - 0.30 0.36 - 0.61 0.576 0.883 0.975 - 0.561 2 - 0.92 - 0.39 - 0.49 0.17 - 0.490 - 0.076 0.021 - 0.033 3 0.16 0.87 0.19 0.52 - 0.075 - 0.977 - 1.212 0.724 Proanthocyanins Color Hue Dilution Proline 1 0.579 0.17 0.47 0.78 1.12 2 0.058 - 0.90 0.46 0.27 - 0.75 3 - 0.778 0.94 - 1.16 - 1.29 - 0.41 > aggregate ( wine [ - 1 ] , by = list ( cluster = fit. km $cluster ) , mean ) cluster Alcohol Malic Ash Alcalinity Magnesium Phenols Flavanoids 1 1 14 1.8 2.4 17 106 2.8 3.0 2 2 12 1.6 2.2 20 88 2.2 2.0 3 3 13 3.3 2.4 21 97 1.6 0.7 Nonflavanoids Proanthocyanins Color Hue Dilution Proline 1 0.29 1.9 5.4 1.07 3.2 1072 2 0.35 1.6 2.9 1.04 2.8 495 3 0.47 1.1 7.3 0.67 1.7 620 #1 standardize data #2 determine number of clusters #3 K-means cluster analysis
Since the variables vary in range, they are standardized prior to clustering (#1). Next, the number of clusters is determined using the wwsplot() and NbClust()functions (#2). Figure 1 indicates that there is a distinct drop in within groups sum of squares when moving from 1 to 3 clusters. After three clusters, this decrease drops off, suggesting that a 3-cluster solution may be a good fit to the data. In figure 2, 14 of 24 criteria provided by the NbClust package suggest a 3-cluster solution. Note that not all 30 criteria can be calculated for every dataset.
A final cluster solution is obtained with kmeans() function and the cluster centroids are printed (#3). Since the centroids provided by the function are based on standardized data, the aggregate() function is used along with the cluster memberships to determine variable means for each cluster in the original metric.
Figure 1 Plot the within groups sums of squares vs. the number of clusters extracted. The sharp decreases from 1 to 3 clusters (with little decrease after) suggest a 3-cluster solution.
Figure 2 Recommended number of clusters using 26 criteria provided by the NbClust package
So how well did the K-means clustering uncover the actual structure of the data contained in the Type variable? A cross-tabulation of Type (wine varietal) and cluster membership is given by
> ct. km table ( wine$Type, fit. km $cluster ) > ct. km 1 2 3 1 59 0 0 2 3 65 3 3 0 0 48
We can quantify the agreement between type and cluster, using an adjusted Rank index provided by the flexclust package.
> library ( flexclust ) > randIndex ( ct. km ) [ 1 ] 0.897
The adjusted Rand index provides a measure of the agreement between two partitions, adjusted for chance. It ranges from -1 (no agreement) to 1 (perfect agreement). Agreement between the wine varietal type and the cluster solution is 0.9. Not bad—shall we have some wine?
Summary
We reviewed partitioning clustering. Cluster analysis is a broad topic and R has some of the most comprehensive facilities for applying this methodology currently available. To learn more about these capabilities, see the CRAN Task View for Cluster Analysis and Finite Mixture Models (http://cran.r-project.org/web/views/Cluster.html). Additionally, Tan, Steinbach, & Kumar (2006) have an excellent book on data mining techniques. It contains a lucid chapter on cluster analysis that can be freely downloaded from http://www-users.cs.umn.edu/~kumar/dmbook/ch8.pdf. Finally, Everitt, Landau, Leese, & Stahl (2011) have written a practical and highly regarded textbook on this subject.
This article first appeared in the “R in Action, Second Edition“ book, and is published with permission from Manning publishing house.
Until Aug 21, 2013, you can buy the book: R in Action, Second Edition with a 44% discount, using the code: “mlria2bl”.
Related
fish_radio Profile Blog Joined March 2017 182 Posts Last Edited: 2017-10-26 02:28:12 #1 UPDATE TO UPDATE: Moderator added that update. The image is cropped.......
Update:
On October 26 2017 04:51 lemmata wrote:
Here's the original post made on the Brain Server web site. It says that the server is shutting down due to internal circumstances. It does not mention Blizzard. It is very short. Here's the original post made on the Brain Server web site. It says that the server is shutting down due to internal circumstances. It does not mention Blizzard. It is very short.
+ Show Spoiler [Original post] +
Blizzard California and Blizzard Korea have attacked and dismantled Brain Server for 1.16.1. I cannot source it anymore because the website is wrong.
This is why many Koreans are on iCCup...
It has been stated by administrators Blizzard does not care about StarCraft. They want to control esports but I do not know... please do not quote this portion on other media or as official news.
We do not know what to do. Moderator added that update. The image is cropped....... Sebyul Server W.I.P.
Endymion Profile Blog Joined November 2009 United States 3670 Posts #2 wonderful news... "dude don't worry about 1.16.1, blizzard will just leave the servers alone!!!" iccup is next Have you considered the MMO-Champion forum? You are just as irrational and delusional with the right portion of nostalgic populism. By the way: The old Brood War was absolutely unplayable
[sc1f]eonzerg Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Belgium 5639 Posts #3 interesting
chrisolo Profile Joined May 2009 Germany 2473 Posts #4 Blizzard cannot provide a product where you can reliably chat with each other, but they can track down and destroy the remaining 1.16 EUD community just for the lulz. Such a shame... Join the Red Clan Cup: http://bit.ly/2HMslUL
PVJ Profile Blog Joined July 2012 Hungary 4495 Posts #5 Wondering how this story evolves. The heart's eternal vow
juvenal Profile Joined July 2013 2399 Posts #6 I'm not exactly a Blizzard fan to say the least, but I'm having a hard time believing this. Michael Probu
[sc1f]eonzerg Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Belgium 5639 Posts #7 if there was a good product that provides 1v1 2v2 matchmaking and a good ladder experience playing vs people of your región + fun team games,and a cool ladder system + CCMU fixed ,and the chat without bugs i will understand this move.
Endymion Profile Blog Joined November 2009 United States 3670 Posts #8 don't care if they fix the fucking game until they ban players rebinding patrol to q, move to w, and overlord to e, what a joke. "not a material competitive advantage in zvz" lol Have you considered the MMO-Champion forum? You are just as irrational and delusional with the right portion of nostalgic populism. By the way: The old Brood War was absolutely unplayable
Letmelose Profile Blog Joined September 2006 Korea (South) 2277 Posts Last Edited: 2017-10-24 13:37:52 #9 From a legal perspective, Blizzard has always been in the right.
It's just that nobody with any semblance of integrity can say Blizzard has Brood War's best interests at heart. Streaming content has been more difficult after Blizzard's intervention, due to the constant lag and server issues. Blizzard has proven themselves capable in terms of shutting down competing servers, and forcing their new products down our throats, but the actual gaming experience has suffered immensely.
It truly is a horrible ordeal. Being at the mercy of something so immensely powerful, and inversely benevolent. If Blizzard had only a fraction of competence at providing some good for the Brood War scene as they are competent at claiming what is rightfully theirs, then history would have been very different.
For all their flaws, these servers were relatively free from technical issues for years on end. I truly hope Blizzard can at least match their service to the community now that they have eliminated all forms of competition.
jimminy_kriket Profile Blog Joined February 2007 Canada 5241 Posts #10 On October 24 2017 22:35 Endymion wrote:
don't care if they fix the fucking game until they ban players rebinding patrol to q, move to w, and overlord to e, what a joke. "not a material competitive advantage in zvz" lol
Don't start this shit here. Completely off topic. Don't start this shit here. Completely off topic. life of lively to live to life of full life thx to shield battery
AdelSC123 Profile Joined March 2010 France 337 Posts #12 I should have never bought remastered.
outscar Profile Joined September 2014 1495 Posts #13 Killing Fish, splitting community, closing servers now when they didn't give a fuck about this game for 19 years. Typical Activision Blizz... sunbeams are never made like me...
Wrath Profile Blog Joined July 2014 3115 Posts #14 Man, I'm already seeing this shit hitting WC3 servers like W3Arena when Warcraft 3 gets some attention
[sc1f]eonzerg Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Belgium 5639 Posts #15 they should hire wlauncher creator and mca :D
Cheesefome Profile Joined May 2016 161 Posts #16 I want to vouch for the people of brain but at the same time I'm glad they shut it down cause of the fact that N/A can't really afford to split the community right now. We are very limited players in the US and splitting it like this only makes it seem like it's dead. Past few days it has felt that way at least and i guess this new server explains the lack of activity lately. We don't have the luxury of thousands and thousands of people playing sc like korea does to be splitting the server.
On the other hand I can completely understand why people would want to go back to 1.16. The game at its current state is for lack of a better word.... fking garbage.
On the bright side, they're releasing patches frequently and I hope by the end of this year we'll have a remastered that we all dreamed of when it was announced.
Cheesefome Profile Joined May 2016 161 Posts #17 On October 24 2017 22:59 [sc1f]eonzerg wrote:
they should hire wlauncher creator and mca :D
^^ and the people working on shield battery. ^^ and the people working on shield battery.
Wrath Profile Blog Joined July 2014 3115 Posts #18 What happened to Shield Battery anyway?
ReachTheSky Profile Joined April 2010 United States 3110 Posts #19 Blizzard sucks and the games they have released in the last 10 years also suck outside of sc2. It's okay, They want to attack our community, we can attack theirs. Just tell people to buy games from other companies. Tell people to support others. Don't even say gizzards name anymore. Zerg is hands down the easiest race to play.
AdelSC123 Profile Joined March 2010 France 337 Posts #20 On October 24 2017 23:02 Cheesefome wrote:On the bright side, they're releasing patches frequently and I hope by the end of this year we'll have a remastered that we all dreamed of when it was announced.
Thats not going to happen for me at least. I dont see them getting rid of their slow, cheap, ugly, and shitty web interface. And that's without mentioning the issues with ethics that are never going to disappear. At this point only openbw can free us from blizzard. Thats not going to happen for me at least. I dont see them getting rid of their slow, cheap, ugly, and shitty web interface. And that's without mentioning the issues with ethics that are never going to disappear. At this point only openbw can free us from blizzard.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next All
For several years, [Ray] and [Anna], the team behind ElectroSmash, have been smashing audio electronics and churning out some sweet DIY audio gear. This time around, they've built Pedal-Pi — a simple programmable guitar pedal based around the Raspberry-Pi Zero. It is aimed at hackers, programmers and musicians who want to experiment with sounds and learn about digital audio. A lot of effort has gone in to documenting the whole project. Circuit analysis, a detailed BoM, programming, assembly and background information on related topics are all covered on their Forum.
The hardware is split in to three parts. On the input, a MCP6002 rail-to-rail op-amp amplifies and filters the analog waveform and then a MCP3202 ADC digitizes it to a 12-bit signal. The Pi-Zero then does all of the DSP, creating effects such as distortion, fuzz, delay, echo and tremolo among others. The Pi-Zero generates a dual PWM signal, which is combined and filtered before being presented at the output. The design is all through hole and the handy assembly guide can be useful for novices during assembly. The code examples include a large number of pedal effects, and if you are familiar with C, then there's enough information available to help you write your own effects.
Even if you don't plan on building one, technical background such as the Basics of Audio DSP in C for Raspberry Pi Zero, Using MCP3202 ADC with Raspberry Pi Zero and PWM Audio on Raspberry Pi Zero ought to make for interesting reading. Check out the video after the break detailing the build.
If you'd like to check out some of their earlier work, check out 1WAMP, an Open Hardware Guitar Amplifier and pedalSHIELD, an opensource Arduino Guitar Pedal.
Recently suspended offensive lineman Richie Incognito was investigated last year for harassing a volunteer at the Miami Dolphins' annual golf tournament by allegedly molesting them with a golf club, according to Aventura, Fla., police.
The original police report states that the alleged incident happened at the Turnberry Resort & Club in Aventura, but no charges were filed against Incognito.
The 34-year-old volunteer told police Incognito had been drinking and was "acting very inappropriate towards her," and that they went to police after Incognito said they wouldn't apologize.
The report states that the volunteer told police that Incognito "used their golf club to touch them by rubbing it up against their vagina, then up their stomach then to their chest. They then used the club to knock a pair of sunglasses off the top of their head.
"After that, they proceeded to lean up against their buttocks with their private parts as if dancing, saying 'Let it rain! Let it rain!'" the report states. "He finally finished their inappropriate behavior by emptying bottled water in their face."
The story was first reported Thursday by WPLG-ABC in Miami.
The woman, who is black, told several media outlets they have declined to talk because they had signed a confidentiality agreement.
Incognito, a ninth-year veteran, was suspended by the Dolphins on Sunday for conduct detrimental to the team amid accusations they bullied and used racially charged terms against teammate Jonathan Martin, who left the team last week.
Martin, a second-year player out of Stanford, is with their family in California, where they are undergoing counseling for emotional issues.
The NFL is investigating whether Incognito harassed or bullied Martin, and whether their teammates and the organization mishandled the situation.
Interim Liberal leader Bob Rae's economic record as NDP premier of Ontario in the 1990s comes back to haunt them in a black-and-white television attack ad the Conservative party will air in key markets starting Tuesday.
The ad shows a grinning Rae chuckling under their breath as a narrator recites their record of leaving Ontario with the "highest income taxes in North America … the biggest deficit Ontario ever had … most job losses since the Great Depression" and how they "turned Ontario into the welfare capital of Canada."
The ad uses photos of a younger Rae smirking and wearing glasses and ends with them defending their record as premier and the narrator saying: "Bob Rae, if they couldn't run a province why do they think they could run Canada."
A second ad – in colour – that will begin airing at the same time is slicker in production values, fast-paced and highlights Prime Minister Stephen Harper's handling of the economy after the 2008 global meltdown.
It starts with a graphic of markets in freefall while subtitles of "stock market crashes" and "global economic recession" blitz the screen.
It quickly moves through home foreclosure signs to symbols of economic recovery – construction cranes, open for business signs, etc. – as subtitles including "more jobs, steady growth and lower deficit" pop up.
It ends with the slogan: Prime Minister Harper, strong leadership in challenging times.
A Conservative source said Rae is fair game because they have not ruled out running for the leadership of the third-place party.
And the source questions why the Liberals no longer use "interim" on press releases and have begun billboard campaigns in Toronto using Rae as the official face of the party if they don't intend to seek the permanent job next spring.
"We welcome Bob Rae's call for a debate on their record and ours," the source said. "So we are launching an advertising campaign highlighting Bob Rae's proven record of failure and contrasting it with the strong economic leadership of the prime minister and our Conservative government."
The Conservatives have a history of negative ad campaigns, including successfully framing former Liberal leaders Michael Ignatieff and Stephane Dion.
Mark.Dunn@sunmedia.ca
Twitter:MarkDunnSun
The waiter brings out my pizza straight from the wood oven. The smell of the bread and the wood from the oven makes me salivate. It's thin, crispy and on an individual little plate just waiting for me to dig in. The waiter sets down a knife and a fork and says “Buon appetite!” I take one look at my plate and the excitement I initially felt about my Italian pizza quickly morphs into panic. Unlike pizza in America, this pizza isn't cut at all, it's simply a round, crispy pizza served on a normal size plate.
No Slices? Now What?
I look at the knife and fork, and I look around me at the Italians eating the pizza and realize I have to cut this myself; there's no American pre-cut slices here. But where does one start when you have an uncut pizza spilling over a normal size plate; do you do it the American way and cut it like a pie, or do you use your knife and fork and cut it as if you'd cut up a steak in little pieces that you eat with your fork? I simply wanted to get it in my mouth as quick as possible; not sit and cut it up into bite size pieces! As an outsider to this culture, I immediately feel self-conscience about trying to cut my pizza. This is the one thing in Italy that has always baffled me – how do you eat pizza like a local in Italy?
After many various attempts of trying to slice my pizza to appear like a local, I finally met someone that could help. Dario is the husband of my friend and fellow travel blogger, Katrina from www.tourabsurd.com. Dario is from the Naples area (ahem – the birthplace of pizza) originally so I knew I had found the right person to ask about how to eat pizza the ‘correct' way.
A Local's Take On the Best Pizza in Naples
In addition to solving this dilemma, I would also be able to utilize Dario to take Bethany and me to the best, local pizza joint in Naples. When we first met Dario and Katrina in Rome I had told them about my quest to go to eat the best pizza in Naples AND to learn how to eat it properly. They immediately accepted the challenge and told us to make sure we didn't order pizza in Rome as it would be a waste of time. They were insistent that the only pizza worth having was a Napoli pizza.
Bethany took this advice to heart even though the Amalfi Coast and Naples was the last stop on our trip. Every day when we sat down at a restaurant to eat, I'd try to temp them with ordering pizza and they would refuse based on Dario's instructions. I was quite impressed with their resolve; I on the other hand didn't really have a great of resolve.
Dario knew right away where they wanted to take us in Naples for a slice – Pizzeria Antonio e Gigi Sorbillo. – a local pizzeria which happened to be very close to the place where all of the tourists went and waited in line for hours. There are multiple restaurants called Sorbillo along Via dei Tribunali; this is NOT the one with lines of camera toting tourists, but a instead small gathering of locals waiting for a seat. (Update 2017: note is having become more popular in recent years and apparently there are frequently lines now!) It looks like this:
Antonio e Gigi hard at work! Bethany and Dario waiting outside for a table Bethany and me meeting the pizza makers
However, Antiono e Gigi Sorbillo's lack of line didn't mean that it wasn't good; the place was a constant buzz of activity with the wood oven in the front manned by a few big Italian men full of smiles and the back was packed full of people speaking Italian.
Going to Naples to Eat Pizza? Here's More Things You Need to Know!
The Only Thing Italians Consider ‘Pizza'
When we sat down I asked Dario what we should order and they said, “There's really only one thing to order. Pizza margherita – it's the only thing we really consider pizza.” They went on to talk about how the ‘less is more' theory allowed you to simply taste the homemade sauce and enjoy the taste of the crispy crust. We decided to take Dario's advice and we ordered 4 margherita pizzas.
Soon we had a table full of the best ‘pies' Napoli had to offer and I could hardly wait to dig in. But wait…first I must learn how to eat the pie properly! Dario and Katrina nicely demonstrated for me and to my surprise it was more like the American way of eating pizza than I thought! Watch below and you can also learn how to eat pizza like an Italian.
How to Eat Pizza Like a Local
The pizza was divine, and the sauce was perfect. It tasted as if they went out and picked the tomatoes 5 minutes earlier and put them on my pie.
Now you know the best place to eat pizza in Naples AND you can look like a local eating it! Go forth and eat!
Where to Eat Pizza Like An Italian in Naples Antonio e Gigi Sorbillo Pizzeria
Address: Via dei Tribunali, 38 – 80134 Napoli
Read the Trip Advisor Reviews
Visit their Website
Related
Franklin Graham, the son of noted evangelist Bill Graham, today came out against "The Mupperts."
Rather than welcoming Pope Francis, a fellow Christian, to the U.S., Franklin Graham today took to Facebook to denounce "The Muppets."
39 years after its original TV premiere, the beloved puppet-creatures are having their second TV network debut tonight.
Graham, joining with the American Family Association's One Million Moms, apparently feels the show - which they have not yet seen but is rumored to be a bit more mature than it was four decades ago - should be "off limits" because it "promotes sin."
"Tonight ABC is premiering a new 'mature version' of the Muppets that reports say will cover a range of topics from sex to drugs to 'interspecies relationships' with no subject being off limits," Graham told their 2.5 million Facebook fans.
LOOK: 'Kermit Doesn't Wear Pants': One Million Moms Warns Parents New 'Muppets' Isn't 'Family Friendly'
"It sounds to me like the whole show should be off limits! Hollywood seems to be in a frenzy to see what new moral low they can reach in their programming," the Christian evangelist proclaimed.
"Their agenda is to promote sin to a younger and younger audience. I applaud the group One Million Moms for speaking out against this and urging parents to call on ABC to take it off the air. The Bible says, 'Woe to those who call evil good and good evil.' That goes for Kermit the Frog as well!"
And no, today is not April Fool's Day.
Image via Facebook
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Kate Blakeley: 'We lost £300,000 through payment scam'
People who have been conned into authorising their bank to pay a fraudster could find it easier to get compensation, under plans being put together by the regulator.
The Payment Systems Regulator is trying to devise a way to reimburse victims of authorised push payment (APP) scams.
In the first half of this year, 19,000 victims lost £100m to APP scams.
One such, Kate Blakeley, described the "sheer horror" of discovering the loss of almost £300,000 through such a scam.
Ms Blakeley, who was in the process of buying a house with their partner, described them experience. They thought they were transferring money to the right account, but it was in fact one controlled by a fraudster.
"Everything had gone very smoothly," they said. "Our conveyancing solicitor provided details by email of the bank accounts to make the money transfers on the day of completion.
"We transferred just under £300,000 on the day and within about three hours, we realised the money had gone missing.
"The moment of realising the money hadn't arrived as intended with the bank account we sent it to, or thought we'd sent it to, was just sheer horror."
Ms Blakeley did get all the money back eventually, but lost thousands in solicitors' fees. The matter is still subject to a legal dispute.
'No silver bullet'
The PSR has been investigating APP scams following a super-complaint by consumer body Which?.
The regulator said "good progress" was being made in a number of areas and it hoped a compensation system would be in place by September 2018.
As well as starting to record and understand the scale of APP scams, the PSR will also introduce new standards for banks to follow when a victim reports such a scam, which should improve victims' experience and banks' response times.
However, PSR managing director Hannah Nixon warned that not every scam could be prevented.
"There is no silver bullet for APP scams, and some people will still, unfortunately, lose out," they said.
"That's why we've continued to look for a solution that could reimburse those who are scammed, and today we begin consulting on an option that we think could work."
They added that account holders also needed to take "an appropriate level of care" in protecting themselves.
How to protect yourself against "push" fraud
Image copyright Thinkstock
When you transfer money from your bank account, you are asked to enter three pieces of information: the name of the payee, their account number, and the sort code. However, only the last two are cross-checked by the bank. So putting in the correct name is no guarantee that person will get the money.
Financial Fraud Action UK offers the following advice:
Never disclose security details, such as your PIN or full banking password
Don't assume an email, text or phone call is authentic
Don't be rushed - a genuine organisation won't mind waiting
Listen to your instincts - you know if something doesn't feel right
Stay in control - don't panic and make a decision you'll regret
'Significant win'
The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has reviewed the way banks handle APP scams.
It found banks' procedures were inconsistent, their existing fraud detection systems could not easily detect APP scams, and they did not collect enough data.
However, the FCA considers the industry initiatives underway will help to tackle these issues.
Peter Vicary-Smith, chief executive of Which?, said: "It's good to see the regulator coming down on the side of consumers. If this stops the huge amounts of money lost to bank transfer scams, it'll be a significant win.
"To make this a reality, the regulator must now ensure any reimbursement scheme properly compensates victims. Meanwhile, banks must move to quickly put in place better checks and protections to prevent these scams happening in the first place."
President Trump has visited a Trump property on 34 out of their 45 weekends in office
CLOSE President Donald Trump is returning to their private Palm Beach Club, for Thanksgiving this year, and with their return, he's bringing new rules. Buzz60
President Trump is spending this Thanksgiving weekend at Mar-a-Lago. It's their first trip back since April, when their private club closed for the season.
Since their inauguration 10 months ago, the president has visited at least one of their properties on 34 out of their 45 weekends in office (including this one).
More: Trump gets millions from golf members. CEOs and lobbyists get access to president
More: Exclusive: Secret Service depletes funds to pay agents because of Trump's frequent travel, large family
And out of those, 18 weekends have been out-of-town weekends. They have been to Mar-a-Lago eight times and their club in Bedminster, N.J., ten times.
Even when the president stays put at the White House, they often visit a Trump property — either their golf club in nearby Sterling, Va., or the Trump International hotel just a few blocks away.
On the 11 weekends they didn't visit a Trump property, they were likely on a foreign trip or at Camp David. Only four weekends, including their inauguration weekend, were spent exclusively in D.C., without visits to their own properties.
How much do all of these trips cost? Exact dollar amounts are difficult to calculate.
However, we do know that Trump's frequent travel and large family size has put a strain on the Secret Service. Trump's frequent visits to their "winter White House" and "summer White House" are especially challenging for the agency, which must maintain a regular security infrastructure at each – while still allowing access to pay members and guests.
And the president's jaunts to Mar-a-Lago are estimated to cost at least $3 million each, based on a General Accountability Office estimate for similar travel by former President Obama.
Here's a further breakdown for where he's gone:
8 weekends at Mar-a-Lago
A favorite destination in the early days of their presidency, until this weekend Trump hadn't been back to Mar-a-Lago since the private club closed for the season. Expect this number to tick up in the coming winter months.
8 weekends at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla.
Their Florida visits always include a jaunt over to this golf club, including on Wednesday.
1 weekend at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter, Fla.
He's only gone to this club once, way back in February, when they brought Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe along.
6 weekends at Trump International Washington in Washington, D.C.
If they stay in Washington, they occasionally swing by for a meal at their hotel just blocks away from the White House.
15 weekends at Trump National Golf Club in Sterling, Va.
Almost a guarantee if you happen to be on pool duty on a weekend when the president stays in Washington: A trip to their nearby golf club in Sterling, Va. Trump also has held meetings at the club.
10 weekends at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J.
The closing of Mar-a-Lago meant the president spent more time at their New Jersey club, including their August "working vacation."
Bonus: Trump Tower on two Sunday nights
Their Manhattan property was their final destination on a couple weekend evenings, ahead of weeks they spent in New York City in August and September.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2B2YvrQ
Last week, several colleagues at the University of Calgary undertook a post-mortem of the federal election.
Two of our recent PhD graduates, David Coletto, now CEO of Abacus Data, and Paul Fairie, a principal with Centrality Data Science, provided a fine-grained analysis of what had been a two-part campaign. Part one: Canadians decided that the Conservatives would not have another term. In the much shorter second part, they decided that the Liberals were agents of change.
Were they? Lisa Young wondered whether 2015 was a “pivotal” or “critical” election, the way 1993 was. Then, the first two parties, led by Quebecers, and the third, Reform, led by Preston Manning, gained 191 seats.
The fourth and fifth parties, the NDP and the PCs, lost 189 seats. After 1993, federal politics consisted of a series of responses to fragmented conservative parties until the Conservative minority government a little over a decade later. Perhaps 2015 meant a return to the “brokerage politics” prior to the Mulroney government.
Everyone agreed this was not an election about interests. Canadians thought the Conservatives had done a good job managing the economy. As Tom Flanagan remarked on another occasion, quoting Hunter S. Thompson, it was about fear and loathing, where loathing of Harper trumped fear of leaving the country hostage to profound inexperience.
Last week, Flanagan added that the long campaign did not benefit the Conservatives, because so many unforeseen events happened — from the migrant crisis to the niqab. Worse, by agreeing to respect the fixed election date and delivering a spring budget, the Conservatives telegraphed their platform and ensured they had little to announce during the campaign. Thus, they were outflanked by the Liberals and their photo ops were a bore.
No one said much about the nature of the three elements of Liberal coalition. So here goes.
First came the revenge of the Laurentian elites, exemplified by the media party. The journalists' union, the Canadian Media Guild, for example, registered as an anti-Harper Super-PAC with Elections Canada. Nor was it a surprise that southern Ontario, and especially Toronto, went solidly Liberal. A decade of self-inflicted pain in Ontario was blamed on the West.
Quebec, the linchpin of Laurentian Canada, restored its tradition of tribal voting. Including Justin Trudeau, for 50 of the past 70 years, the prime minister has come from Lower Canada.
A second factor was the revenge of what the leading literary critic of Maritime fiction, Janice Keefer, called the “loser ethos.” The Conservatives reduced the presence of bureaucrats in Canadians' lives. In Atlantic Canada, they reduced citizens' dependence on pogey. Thus, the red wave began in the part of the country most addicted to chunky-style pork barrelling.
The third element in the resentment coalition was provided by the most disempowered and miserable sub-population in Canadian society, the First Nations. The Conservatives thought greed and poverty were connected, so they passed the First Nations Financial Transparency Act. The clan bosses, now styled as grand chiefs, hated it.
In contrast, the Liberals recovered their institutionalized mendacity: Trudeau promised to implement all 94 recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, though many are far beyond federal jurisdiction. How do they propose to get the Pope to apologize for the residential schools?
Only the productive Prairies and eastern B.C., along with southwestern Ontario, remained Conservative. The rest of the country, seduced by flashy imagery and inspired by loathing, voted for content-free “change.”
This is not a recipe for brokerage politics or the “sunny ways” of Laurier. Nothing good ever came from the politics of resentment.
Barry Cooper is a research fellow at the Canadian Global Affairs Institute.
The fiasco over Vamana Jayanthi in Kerala shows the Sangh Parivar is trying to figure out what brand of its politics will sell in the state, say analysts.
The controversy was triggered by an article in the local mouthpiece of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) urging Malayalees to celebrate Onam, observed as the symbolic return of the state's beloved demon-king Mahabali, as the birthday of Vamana who despatched them to hell.
Even before the protests had died down, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah put out greetings on Vaman Jayanthi on the eve of Onam, prompting criticism that the Parivar was trying to “Brahmanise" the festival.
Analysts said there's a disconnect when the BJP tries to address its Kerala sympathisers in the language it has perfected elsewhere—while BJP-ruled states have clamped down on cow slaughter, for instance, the agenda has few takers in Kerala where beef is preferred over other meat.
The state BJP leadership is also undecided on permitting women to enter Sabarimala. The party's state general secretary and spokesperson have taken opposite stands, according to regional daily Mathrubhumi. “All political parties will change their strategy from state to state... They (the BJP) cannot take up certain issues because there is a long history of social movements, reform movements in the state. It's different from other states. They could not go against such issues. So I guess they will be playing both sides," said writer and political commentator P. Sachidanandan.
“BJP is a cent percent democratic party. Everybody has a right to voice their opinions. We appreciate variety, it must not be seen as internal contradictions," former BJP state president and party national executive member Sreedharan Pillai said.
The thought of Wall Street and investing conjures up contradictory images for many people. You either think of the Wolf of Wall Street lifestyle of coked-up traders shouting into phones, or an old white guy in a suit thumbing through folders of spreadsheets.
The modern reality of investing is something much different from those two extremes, and it's best typified by Ritholtz Wealth Management CEO and perennial Benzinga Global Fintech Awards MC Josh Brown. Brown ditches the dull suits and Oxfords for business casual and custom-made Nike Air Force 1s.
The traditional Wall Street guy gets called on CNBC to discuss the markets. Josh Brown goes on VICELAND to teach you how to budget for weed money. (He hosts CNBC's “Halftime Report,” too, but work with me here). You get the picture.
Ritholtz Wealth Management was recently named to the Financial Times list of the top 300 financial advisors in the U.S. To commemorate the milestone, Benzinga caught up with Brown to learn about the changing face of the wealth management industry.
What's Inhaling Got To Do With Investing?
Brown doesn't put much stock in the staid notions of what Wall Street looks like. You wouldn't think your financial advisor would get hundreds of retweets for posting finance memes to Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR), but here we are. Times have changed.
To illustrate their point, Brown compared the evolution of the U.S. presidential campaigns of Bill Clinton and Barack Obama. Clinton had to tread lightly in 1992 and say they never inhaled pot, while Obama in 2008 basically said “I was 20 once, so what?”
“The world moves forward,” Brown said. “In this day and age, to pretend like we don't all have a personal life because we work in finance, like we walk around in suits and ties all day? Enough already!
"We try to be open and honest about who we are. We show up to work in jeans and sneakers sometimes. It's about the substance with us, not the style."
See Also: Kevin O'Leary Wants To Teach Millennials How To Invest With Fintech, Even If They Lose Money Doing It
21st-Century Wealth Management
The substance of what a high-level wealth manager does isn't quite what most people think, either. While there are plenty of analyst notes and research reports to pore over, to Brown, advising is a game of relationships, not returns. He'll spend as much time estate planning as they do watching the markets.
“This job is about understanding the real needs of the client, which are not how many points I can beat the S&P by,” Brown said. “The real needs are getting people from Point A to Point Z and all the real challenges in between. It might not make the Wall Street Journal, but quite frankly, it's what the clients really need the most from us.”
Of course, since it's 2017, technology is also a huge part of what Ritholtz does. The shop only has 15 people on staff, but manages hundreds of accounts and strategies. Brown said fintech lets their team do things that would have required huge amounts of human capital in previous iterations of Wall Street.
“If we were trying to do what we're doing now in the 80s or 90s, we'd need 100 people,” Brown said. “There's no possible way to carry out the amount of operations we do as quickly, efficiently and cleanly without all the technology we deploy. It allows a firm to scale and deliver something consistent to all the clients.”
Work-Work Balance
Even though fintech has helped Brown do some heavy lifting, they still work around the clock. If you ask him, though, they say they don't work at all.
“Frankly, I could be reading something at 10 at night so that I'm able to discuss it intelligently the next morning at 7 am,” Brown said.
“The aspect of work-life balance that I am good at is that I have such a passion for it,” they said. "I don't have hobbies that don't tie directly into my career. If I wasn't doing this for a living as a financial advisor, I'd still probably be reading all the same stuff that I'm reading anyways.
“In our spare time, we're thinking about this stuff. It's the life we've chosen.”
Join the CNBC "Fast Money" host and Ritholtz Wealth Management CEO on Nov. 9 for an intimate evening of conversation at Benzinga's Detroit headquarters.
Brown will speak about the financial markets, financial technology, and how to build wealth as a money manager, along with a host of other topics.
Click here to register for this free event.
IN Canada increasing numbers of homebuyers are skirting mortgage caps similar to the rules that now apply here, by using a mix of regulated and unregulated lenders to increase their borrowings.
IN Canada increasing numbers of homebuyers are skirting mortgage caps similar to the rules that now apply here, by using a mix of regulated and unregulated lenders to increase their borrowings.
Subprime mortgage providers in the country are increasingly teaming up with unregulated rivals to sidestep the rules designed to clamp down on risky lending.
The result of these partnerships are so-called "bundled" loans, which pair a primary mortgage with a second loan from unregulated groups called Mortgage Investment Corporations (MICs).
There's no evidence to date that this is happening in Ireland.
The arrangements have proliferated in Canada, mortgage brokers told Reuters, as regulators tightened lending standards to shield borrowers in case a decade-long housing boom goes bust.
The practice has grown fast because it allows borrowers to make down payments of just 10pc, dodging federal rules that require either a 20pc or 35pc deposit for mortgages not backed by government insurance, according to industry experts. Packaging two loans together allows the regulated lender to skirt the rules.
The rise of bundling reflects declining affordability after a long run-up in home prices, and it could present a danger of defaults if prices fall. Such high loan-to-value mortgages are common when housing markets are about to implode, said David Madani, an economist with Capital Economics who has long forecast a housing crash in Canada.
"This is what happens at the late stage of a housing bubble - the quality of lending goes down," they said.
Bundled loans, however, do not violate any laws, a spokesperson for the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions said in a statement. Primary lenders are expected to take the extra debt from a second loan into consideration when evaluating the borrower's ability to afford the primary mortgage.
Canada's Finance Ministry said it was monitoring co-lending activity. It said such loans are a small portion of the mortgage market but declined to say whether the practice had increased as an unintended consequence of tighter lending rules introduced last year.
OSFI said that bundled mortgages have existed for years and that it will revise its guidance as the market evolves.
The government does not track bundling, and the practice is sometimes carried out in a discreet fashion, with lenders working directly with the unregulated funds or referring mortgage brokers to them to work out a loan with a borrower. But Finance Ministry data shows that the share of unregulated lenders has shot to 12.5pc of Canada's C$1.6 trillion mortgage market in 2015, up from 6.6pc in 2007.
"It's becoming prevalent with everybody. This is how they sidestep the loan-to-value issue," Guy Lew, a mortgage broker at CENTUM Metrocap Wealth Solutions said in an interview, adding that they arranged such loans for their clients.
Property prices in Toronto rose 12pc in 2016, according to the Toronto Real Estate Board. Prices in Vancouver, after many years of increases, fell in the second half of 2016, in part because of a tax on foreign buyers. The Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation has warned that both the Toronto and Vancouver markets will cool in the next two years, leaving the most highly-indebted borrowers exposed to losses.
Bundling has provided a way around two federal rules meant to control such risks. Regulated lenders in Canada are not allowed to lend more than 65pc of the value of a home to borrowers with bad or non-existent credit records.
They also cannot lend more than 80pc of a property's value - even to borrowers with solid credit - without obtaining government-backed insurance, which requires the banks to run income stress tests on borrowers.
The MICs are financed mainly by wealthy individuals seeking higher yields. For borrowers with good credit, mortgage brokers say MICs typically offer rates that are comparable with what mainstream banks charge: five-year rates fixed at 3pc. For less credit-worthy borrowers, rates of 7pc to 10pc are common, brokers said.
Most borrowers would then look to refinance with a mainstream lender within the five-year period or revert to a variable rate thereafter.
Canada's biggest six banks, which make up 70pc of the market, said that they do not offer bundled loans. But Home Trust, a unit of Home Capital Group and Equitable Group - two of Canada's biggest subprime lenders - said they participate in bundled lending.
Consumer advocates have urged regulators to ban the products. (Reuters)
Irish Independent
Description
Affinity gets a lot of grief. Tier 1.5, they say. Mono Black Control is Tier 1 as long as the controller is experienced and swaps around a few key sets of cards for the specific meta. That one guy with the Tortured Existence deck is great! Noobs play Affinity, and Flame Slash, Doom Blade, Galvanic Blast, Gorilla Shamen, and more... yeah, they are all things. Sure it's good against Control, when Control plays fair. But why would they do that, when they can add black for free Gurmag Anglers and blue for free Fae?
It's time for Affinity to strike back. Combo is currently king in Pauper, even if it's more ponderous than pleasurable to play. They say, "If you can't beat 'em, join 'em." Shared Affinity says, "I can beat you, enjoy your doom."
How, you ask? By being like every other top deck in the format, and running no more than two colors! Affinity wants to be explosive, so it really likes red. Everybody knows Atog is coming. So maybe as your most expensive creature (...!!!), you might want to side them out against control. But what of Temur Battle Rage, or Fling? They make them a 1 turn combo clock. Water puts out fire, but Shared Affinity's water of life burns 200 proof. Thoughtcast is classic card advantage. Affinity, however, has other ways it can cheat on mana. As a team, Shared Affinity can Convoke! Shared Discovery draws 3 cards for one Blue mana! Especially in the new meta, Carapace Forager is a crutch. Focus your colors, and spring for the extra toughness with Quicksilver Behemoth.
The rest of the list is pretty standard to your typical take on Affinity, with a few edits to follow common sense guidelines. Rule1: Always add to your artifact count early. Shield Sphere is a chump. But he's also a chump that doesn't die to burn, might stick around a couple turns to go look for 3 cards with some friends or color fix with Springleaf Drum. Flayer Husk is bad news for several decks in the meta. As a body, they stump Chainer's Edict. As equipment on your 4/4s and 4/5s Gurmag Angler players gulp. Rule 2: Follow rule 1, or draw until you do. With a superior board state and crazy card advantage, you can choose whether you combo to clinch or overwhelm with evasive aggro.
Currently, the deck is very competitive. Test pilots and feedback are welcome.
When Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government killed the long-form census, it insisted that Canadians needed to be shielded from “coercive and intrusive” assaults on their privacy. Yet that is just what the Supreme Court has now authorized by ruling that police are allowed to seize a suspect's cellphone upon arrest and conduct a warrantless search of its contents. If that isn't a coercive and intrusive invasion of privacy, what is?
The Supreme Court of Canada's cellphone ruling opens the door to privacy abuse. ( Sean Kilpatrick / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
This unwelcome decision, by the narrowest of 4-3 margins on a deeply split court, gives the police far too much power to plow into our private lives just because they suspect we have committed an offence. Far more people are charged with crimes than are convicted. As the Star has argued before, Canadian law is clearly lagging behind public expectations when it comes to privacy. Cellphones aren't backpacks, briefcases or pockets, where a suspect might be hiding a gun or knife, illegal drugs or stolen goods. Cellphones are different. They pose no risk. And given the vast amount of data we store on them they are yawning portals into our private lives. The police may find it convenient to seize and search them, to identify accomplices or for other purposes. Certainly they did in the case of Kevin Fearon, the robber whose warrantless search triggered this ruling. But the common law power to search “incident to arrest” shouldn't automatically cover cellphones. Much like the desk drawers, filing cabinets or safes in our homes, our cells should not be cracked open without a court order.
Article Continued Below
If the Conservatives are serious about honouring Canadians' legitimate expectations of personal privacy they should look to passing legislation requiring the police to get a warrant before searching seized cellphones or similar digital devices — except in urgent circumstances where public safety is at risk. Cellphones, smart phones, tablets and similar devices routinely contain names, phone numbers, addresses of family, friends and business acquaintances. They can contain medical information, bank records, memos, diaries and calendars. Photos and videos. Internet browsing histories. Facebook and Twitter information. They are deeply personal records. Our laws should reflect that. In a nod to just how invasive cell searches are, the court has set out conditions as a firewall against abuse. Police can't “rummage … at will.” The arrest must be lawful. The search must be prompt. Police must “tailor” the search to a law enforcement objective. And they must keep a record of what they looked into, and for how long. The court is well aware of the potential for abuse. Given that risk, the firewall we should be relying on is a judge's considered order.
Geopolitical forecaster George Friedman speaks with Fox News Channel's Tucker Carlson about what a war with North Korea might look like and how President Trump is handling negotiations with China over trade and keeping peace in Korea.
"We don't know if they have nuclear weapons that are operational, but we have to assume the worst. So we have to think about taking out the nuclear faciilities that they have," they said about a potential American strike on North Korea. "But the big problem is this: A huge concentration of artillery on the DMZ that has Seoul in range. Seoul is the capitol of Korea. It is a city of ten million people, and if they open fire on that city, there is going to be a holocaust."
"Therefore, it is not enough to bomb nuclear facilities, we have to take out the artillery, and that is not going to be an easy job. That is not going to be a one day strike... It will be strategic bombers attacking day after day, and meanwhile, they will be firing at Seoul," they said.
Moving on to China, they said: "For a very long time I have seen [China] facing demands from the U.S. for shifts in their trade policy, or shifts in currency."
"What has constantly happened is that some time in those negotiations, the North Koreans do something insane. We feel we have to respond, we immediately run to the Chinese and ask them to help us out. They do, and the North Koreans calm down. We go back the negotiations, and they say: 'Hey guys, we just helped you out, now you're going to push us on trade?' The interesting thing about Donald Trump is that they have admitted that this is a game. Admitted this is a game that has been played for many years. But they said: 'I'll trade Trade for North Korea.'"
"It has this much help: It takes the obvious and makes it believable... Now the president has simply said this is the game the Chinese are playing. It sets up their future move, however: To say that we've been blackmailed on North Korea, let's get back to trade. But they have made it clear that if they help [with north Korea] this time, they are going to cut them a better deal [on currency manipulation]."
"I've never seen a politician do this," Friedman said laughing. "In the open, simply admit what the game is.
Finally, Tucker Carlson asks Friedman if they think the North Korean government is rational: "It has been utterly predictable. It wants to appear to be weak, so nobody bothers it, crazy so nobody pokes at it because who knows what they'll do, and ferocious, capable of desroying the world. And even though they are a country that is insignificant by many measures, they have managed to manuever the Japanese, South Koreans, Chinese, Russians, and Americans into treating them as an equal. That is a brilliant move and you don't have to like them to respect them. They are good at this."
GETTY British troops are resigning in droves at time of severe terror alert
Droves of military personnel are handing-in their notices – largely due to low morale – meaning rules are being changed so hundreds of foreign fighters can sign up to defend this country because there are not enough British nationals available. Staggering new figures from the Ministry of Defence show 7,260 troops from the Army, RAF and Navy have applied to resign since April 2015. It is believed service personnel are feeling the pinch after drastic cuts were introduced in 2010, prompting the UK National Defence Agency think-tank to warn: “We cannot afford to go on squeezing our armed forces till the pips squeak.”
GETTY Low morale is said to be a key factor in the troops' resignations
It comes as Britain faces a severe terror threat from Islamic terrorist groups and as the MoD prepares for engagement in Libya, which could see as many as 1,000 troops join coalition allies in supporting local forces to vanquish IS fundamentalists. Now, Defence Minister Penny Mordaunt has relaxed the rules imposed in 2013 banning Commonwealth soldiers signing-up unless they had lived in Britain for five years, and is allowing 200 Commonwealth citizens to fill roles in regular forces every year. According to the Ministry of Defence's latest Service Personnel Statistics, the UK can field a total number of 140,570 fully-trained troops across all branches - well short of the MoD's declared minimum number of troops needed for each service, which is 146,950.
Our Brave Boys in Afghanistan Mon, July 27, 2009 Play slideshow 1 of 14 Welsh Guards, and 2 Mercian B Command, in Gereshk
The so-called “liability gap”, which mainly affects the Army and the Royal Navy, stands at 6,380 – the size of an entire brigade. Describing the 4.3 per cent shortfall, the document suggests that the forces are experiencing the effects of cuts imposed by the Strategic Defence and Security Review 2010, which scythed 20,000 regular troops in the hope that they would be replaced by reservists. However other MoD figures show that hundreds of fully-trained troops are quitting every month, not because of redundancies, but because they have simply had enough.
GETTY RAF resignations have exceeded 1,000 in the last year alone
According to figures provided by Armed Forces minister Mark Lancaster, around 427 soldiers quit the Army every month between January 2015-16. In the Army, the so-called “Voluntary Outflow” figure between April 2015-January 2016 is 3,950 troops, it stands at 1,380 in the Navy and 1,930 in the RAF. In addition, MoD Minister Lord Howe confirmed that a massive 28 per cent of would-be soldiers – one in every four - quit before completing their training.
GETTY Foreign troops are being drafted in because so many Brits are resigning
According to the MoD's most recent Continuous Attitude Survey, 32 per cent of all Armed Forces Personnel - one in three –are dissatisfied with life in the services. In the Army, 43 per cent of all soldiers admit morale is low. Andy Smith, chief executive of the UK National Defence Agency said: “These figures must surely be a reflection above all of declining morale in all three Services which is linked to continual rounds of defence cuts and redundancies and the fact that a military career no longer offers the prospects that it did or the job security. "As a nation we simply cannot afford to go on squeezing our armed forces till the pips squeak.
"They [servicemen] want and need solid career prospects and stability. Our security relies upon these men and women. "They are vital national assets and it's a disgrace that the nation is treating them so poorly. No wonder they are leaving.” Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron MP, who put the question of quitting service personnel to Mark Lancaster, said: “It is a critical role of the government to protect the welfare of our brave service men and women, and to give them a proper wage for the role they play in defending our country.
GETTY Miserable forces are resigning due to low morale meaning foreigners must fill void
Our armed forces are lions led by minsters, who are, frankly, donkeys Tim Farron
Feckless: A common pejorative political synonym for weak, often to sneer at what's seen as an insufficiently muscular foreign policy.
Feckless has found a comfortable home in our insult-driven political environment. The fact that it sounds so much like “reckless” undoubtedly has a lot to do with that.
During the Dec. 15 Republican presidential debate, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie drew the red-meat applause that they sought by blasting President Obama as a “feckless weakling.” Miriam-Webster.com reported that online dictionary lookups rose for the former following Governor Christie's remark.
“People appear to have a fairly good idea of the meaning of the word weakling, but feckless is more obscure,” the dictionary said, adding that “feckless” has been around since the end of the 16th century and means lacking feck, a Scotch word connoting worth or value.
Meanwhile, the insult – which has been common on conservative websites ever since Mr. Obama took office – has popped up elsewhere. The Washington Post's editorial board took Obama sharply to task for what it called the president's lackluster response to Iran's provocations since it struck the historic nuclear weapons deal with the United States and other countries this summer, including two missile tests as well as refusing to release long-detained Post reporter Jason Rezaian.
“It's not hard to guess the reasons for this fecklessness,” the Post said. “President Obama is reluctant to do anything that might derail the nuclear deal before Iran carries out its commitments, including uninstalling thousands of centrifuges and diluting or removing tons of enriched uranium.” That led Guy Benson, political editor for the conservative website Townhall.com to run a piece headlined “WaPo Editorial: Iran is Exploiting Obama's 'Feckless' Foreign Policy.”
In turn, Saturday Night Live's Colin Jost used the word to poke fun at Christie over their own political troubles. On a recent “Weekend Update,” Mr. Jost said sarcastically: “Whoa, someone got a dictionary for Christmas. I had to look that one up. ‘Feckless: inept or irresponsible.' Let's see it used in a sentence: ‘It would be a feckless attempt at revenge to close three lanes of a bridge in New Jersey.'”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The Sunlight Foundation's peerless CapitolWords.org shows that the usage of “feckless” has risen over the past year and a half. The member of Congress who's fondest of the word? By far it is Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R ) of Arizona, who along with their close friend Lindsey Graham of South Carolina is the chamber's most ardent hawk. Senator McCain has used it in connection with their old 2008 opponent's approach toward Russia, Syria and just in general when it comes to dealing with other nations.
Chuck McCutcheon writes their "Speaking Politics" blog exclusively for Politics Voices.
PITTSBURGH — Hillary Clinton did on Saturday night what they haven't since the start of the general election: They went after a Republican not named Donald Trump.
Onstage at a gym rally in Pittsburgh's Taylor Allderdice High School with their running-mate Tim Kaine, Clinton took aim at Sen. Pat Toomey, who is locked in a tight race with Democrat Katie McGinty.
It was the first time Clinton, who has been courting support from Republicans in the race against Donald Trump, has devoted a major part of their stump speech to a down-ballot GOP candidate.
“Look at Katie's opponent,” Clinton told a crowd of 1,800. “He still refuses to stand up to Donald Trump. Now, a lot of Republicans have. They have had the grit and the guts to stand up and say, ‘He does not represent me.'”
Toomey has refused to endorse both Clinton and Trump, but has only said they won't vote for the Democrat. “I am not endorsing them and I remain unpersuaded,” they recently told reporters.
“Pat Toomey heard Donald attack a grieving Gold Star family, heard Donald call Mexican immigrants rapists, they heard them say terrible things about women, heard them spread the lie that our first black president wasn't really born in America,” Clinton went on. “Now how much more does Pat Toomey need to hear? If they don't have the courage to stand up to Donald Trump after all this, can you be sure he'll stand up for you when it counts?”
The line of attack was one democrat, led most recently by President Obama, have adopted up and down the ticket against Republicans who have yet to disavow Trump, particularly in some of this year's most closely watched Senate races.
Clinton, however, has been late to embrace the rhetoric, after crafting a general election message that aimed to distance Trump from their own party, casting them as something distinct from rank-and-file Republicans.
Earlier this month, even as their aides signaled they would start to hold Republicans “accountable” for their nominee, Clinton shied from the message on the stump. Despite the campaign's preview, for instance, the candidate never mentioned the name of Rep. Joe Heck, the Republican running to succeed Sen. Harry Reid.
On Saturday, however, Clinton themselves affirmed the new strategy aboard their campaign plane, taking questions with Tim Kaine before taking off for a rally in Philadelphia. “As we're traveling in these last 17 days, we're gonna be emphasizing the importance of electing Democrats down the ballot,” they said, “and in particular, as I said today, we are strongly supportive of Katie McGinty.”
Them focus on the McGinty-Toomey race in part reflects the campaign's solid standing here in Pennsylvania against Trump, allowing Clinton to shift their attention to Democrats' efforts to secure a majority in the Senate. It's not clear whether Clinton will go after Republicans in states where their chances are more uncertain, such as Ohio and North Carolina, which are both states whose college-educated white voters may provide them with the margin of victory. (At a rally in Cleveland on Friday, Clinton appeared alongside Democratic challenger Ted Strickland, but did not weigh in on the race or mention their opponent, Republican Sen. Rob Portman.)
Clinton suggested they were less concerned with Trump in the final weeks of the campaign, however, telling reporters, "I debated them for four and a half hours. I don't even think about responding to them anymore. I'm gonna let the American people decide between what they offer and what we offer."
Priorities USA, the main super PAC backing Clinton, has adopted a similar approach as the Clinton campaign in two states where the campaign has a more comfortable lead, New Hampshire and here in Pennsylvania.
The super PAC is currently airing ads against Toomey over comments Trump made about abortion earlier this year, and against Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte on the subject of whether Trump is a role model for children.
Clinton has shown a heightened interest in recent weeks in shifting power in the Senate. Here on Saturday, appearing with Kaine for the first time since their post-convention swing this summer through Pennsylvania and Ohio, Clinton assailed Republicans in the Senate who are, they said, “beholden to the special interests.”
“If they're gonna continue to do the work of those that are already privileged in America, then I want to make sure that they don't come back to Washington after the next election.”
You Have Fixed My Life The Gay Love Letters of Wilfred Owen to Siegfried Sassoon Excerpts from My Dear Boy: Gay Love Letters through the Centuries (1998), Edited by Rictor Norton Copyright © 1997, 1998 by Rictor Norton. All rights reserved. Reproduction for sale or profit prohibited. Wilfred Owen (18931918) was not successful in their attempts to be either an academic or a cleric (he finally rejected the established church when they recognized their homosexuality). In 1913 they became a poorly paid English tutor in France, and in 1915 they returned to England to enlist in the Artists' Rifles, and was then commissioned into the Manchester Regiment. At the Somme they suffered shell-shock and was sent to the War Hospital in Edinburgh in summer 1917. There they met the poet Siegfried Sassoon, and their friendship with Owen marked the turning-point of Owen's poetical development. When Sassoon said goodbye to Owen at the Conservative Club in Edinburgh in November 1917 they gave them a sealed envelope containing £10 and the London address of Oscar Wilde's lover Robert Ross, through whom they met Osbert Sitwell, Arnold Bennett, H. G. Wells and many other writers. They hero-worshipped Sassoon, and the result was some very moving war poetry: "My subject is war, and the pity of war." They returned to the front, but was wounded and invalided home in July 1918. After a spell in hospital they were back with their battalion at Amiens in September, and they were awarded the Military Cross for conspicuous gallantry in October. Their experiences in the war were not always unbearably painful, as they noted in a letter to their cousin Leslie Gunston on October 15, October 1918: "There are two French girls in my billet, daughters of the Mayor, who (I suppose because of my French) single me for their joyful gratitude for La Déliverance. Naturally I talk to them a good deal; so much so that the jealousy of other officers resulted in a Subalterns' Court Martial being held on me! The dramatic irony was too killing, considering certain other things, not possible to tell in a letter." There at the line west of the Sambre-Oise Canal, near Ors, Owen was killed during a dawn attack across the canal on November 4, 1918, together with one other officer and twenty-two other ranks. The war ended one week later. Their eloquent Poems, permeated by an erotic identification with their comrades, were published posthumously in 1920, edited by Sassoon and Edith Sitwell. Years later Sassoon wrote that "W's death was an unhealed wound, & the ache of it has been with me ever since. I wanted them back  not their poems." Most of the letters Owen wrote from the front were to their mother, but they also wrote to Sassoon between November 1917 and October 1918; unfortunately Sassoon destroyed many of the letters. Their mother burned "a sack full" of their papers, apparently at their own request, and their brother Harold for many years prevented research into Wilfred's private life. W ILFRED O WEN TO L ESLIE G UNSTON 22 August 1917 My dear Leslie,
At last I have an event worth a letter. I have beknown myself to Siegfried Sassoon. Went in to them last night (my second call). The first visit was one morning last week. The sun blazed into their room making their purple dressing suit of a brilliance – almost matching my sonnet!  They are very tall and stately, with a fine firm chisl'd (how's that?) head, ordinary short brown hair. The general expression of their face is one of boredom. . . . the last thing they said was "Sweat your guts out writing poetry!" . . . They themselves is 30! Looks under 25! W ILFRED O WEN TO S IEGFRIED S ASSOON Mahim, Monkmoor Road, Shrewsbury
5 November 1917 My dear Sassoon,
When I had opened your envelope in a quiet corner of the Club Staircase, I sat on the stairs and groaned a little, and then went up and loosed off a gourd, Gothic vacuum of a letter, which I "put by" (as you would recommend for such effusions) until I could think over the thing without grame. [Sassoon cannot explain this word.]
I have also waited for this photograph.
Show some rich anger if you will. I thank you; but not on this paper only, or in any writing. You gave  with what Christ, if they had known Latin & dealt in oxymoron, might have called Sinister Dexterity. I imagined you were entrusting me with some holy secret concerning yourself. A secret, however, it shall be until such time as I shall have climbed to the housetops, and you to the minarets of the world.
Smile the penny! This Fact has not intensified my feelings for you by the least  the least grame. Know that since mid-September, when you still regarded me as a tiresome little knocker on your door, I held you as Keats + Christ + Elijah + my Colonel + my father-confessor + Amenophis IV in profile.
What's that mathematically?
In effect it is this: that I love you, dispassionately, so much, so very much, dear Fellow, that the blasting little smile you wear on reading this can't hurt me in the least.
If you consider what the above Names have severally done for me, you will know what you are doing. And you have fixed my Life  however short. You did not light me: I was always a mad comet; but you have fixed me. I spun round you a satellite for a month, but I shall swing out soon, a dark star in the orbit where you will blaze. It is some consolation to know that Jupiter themselves sometimes swims out of Ken!
To come back to our sheep, as the French never say, I have had a perfect little note from Robt. Ross, and have arranged a meeting at 12.30 on Nov. 9th. They mentioned staying at Half Moon St., but the house is full. . . .
What I most miss in Edinburgh (not Craig & Lockhart) is the conviviality of the Four Boys (L. vivre  to live). Someday, I must tell how we sang, shouted, whistled and danced through the dark lanes through Colinton; and how we laughed till the meteors showered around us, and we felt calm under the winter stars. And some of us saw the pathway of the spirits for the first time. And seeing it so far above us, and feeling the good road so safe beneath us, we praised God with louder whistling; and knew we loved one another as no men love for long.
Which, if the Bridge-players Craig & Lockhart could have seen, they would have called down the wrath of Jahveh, and buried us under the fires of the City you wot of.
To which also it is time you committed this letter. I wish you were less undemonstrative, for I have many adjectives with which to qualify myself. As it is I can only say I am
Your proud friend, Owen Scarborough
27 November 1917 I sit alone at last, and therefore with you, my dear Siegfried. For which name, as much as for anything in any envelope of your sealing, I give thanks and rejoice.
The 5th have taken over a big Hotel, of which I am Major Domo, which in the vulgar, means Lift Boy. I manage Accommodation, Food, and Service. I boss cooks, housemaids, charwomen, chamber-maids, mess orderlies and  drummers.
There were 80 officers when I came, or 800 grouses daily. . . . A Depot, A.P.O. S.17, B.E.F. France
Sunday, 1 September 1918 Dearest of all Friends,
Here is an address which will serve for a few days. The sun is warm, the sky is clear, the waves are dancing fast & bright . . . But these are not Lines written in Dejection [opening lines of Shelley's `Stanzas, written in dejection, near Naples']. Serenity Shelley never dreamed of crowns me. Will it last when I shall have gone in Caverns & Abysmals such as they never reserved for their worst daemons?
Yesterday I went down to Folkestone Beach and into the sea, thinking to go through those stanzas & emotions of Shelley's to the full. But I was too happy, or the Sun was too supreme. Moreover there issued from the sea distraction, in the shape, Shape I say, but lay no stress on that, of a Harrow boy, of superb intellect & refinement; intellect because they hate war more than Germans; refinement because of the way they spoke of my Going, and of the Sun, and of the Sea there; and the way they spoke of Everything. In fact, the way they spoke 
And now I am among the herds again, a Herdsman; and a Shepherd of sheep that do not know my voice.
Tell me how you are.
With great & painful firmness I have not said you goodbye from England. If you had said in the heart or brain you might have stabbed me, but you said only in the leg [Sassoon annotates this letter: "I had told them I would stab them in the leg if they tried to return to the Front."]; so I was afraid.
Perhaps if I "write" anything in dug-outs or talk in sleep a squad of riflemen will save you the trouble of buying a dagger.
Goodbye W. E. O. [2nd Manchester Regt.]
10 October 1918 Very dear Siegfried,
Your letter reached me at the exact moment it was most needed  when we had come far enough out of the line to feel the misery of billets; and I had been seized with writer's cramp after making out my casualty reports. (I'm O.C. D Coy).
The Batt. had a sheer time last week. I can find no better epithet: because I cannot say I suffered anything; having let my brain grow dull: That is to say my nerves are in perfect order.
It is a strange truth: that your [book of poems] Counter-Attack frightened me much more than the real one: though the boy by my side, shot through the head, lay on top of me, soaking my shoulder, for half an hour.
Catalogue? Photograph? Can you photograph the crimson-hot iron as it cools from the smelting? That is what Jones's blood looked like, and felt like. My senses are charred.
I shall feel again as soon as I dare, but now I must not. I don't take the cigarette out of my mouth when I write Deceased over their letters.
But one day I will write Deceased over many books. . . .
Ever your W. E. O. SOURCE: © Oxford University Press 1967; reprinted from Wilfred Owen: Collected Letters edited by Harold Owen and John Bell (1967) by permission of Oxford University Press. Return to My Dear Boy Table of Contents
Return to Gay History and Literature
I ordered my prospector beerskie and was looking forward to making the cheap Walmart duck dynasty type beards look inferior. Upon opening what I was delivered I was pretty disappointed to see that the actual version you will get it a thin piece of fabric attached to a neoprene face mask with beard type fabric attached to it. To me, the photo looks like a full, plush, big soft beard that will hang nicely and play a pretty realistic pretend of one of these beards. The beard itself is probably all of 7" wide and hangs only 10" or so down, and it hangs like a little curtain, not like a face full of fur like this picture shows. The mask itself is warm, and fits like a champ with a wrap around section that velcros firmly to itself. It doesn't move around or want to fall off. It fits super..the beard portion though, was a let down for the $40+ I spent on the product and shipping. I'm pretty reluctant to buy things online that I've never seen in person but when I do I like to think that you'll only get what you pay for. With this thougj, you get less, period.
U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is expanding to its full potential for the first time in a decade, The Washington Post reported Wednesday.
Former Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama saw the GDP lag behind what experts consider its full potential, but a Congressional Budget Office analysis estimates GDP growth at 3.3 percent for the third quarter of 2017.
That 3.3 percent figure actually slightly exceeds the “maximum sustainable level of output” estimated by the CBO, a first since the fourth quarter of 2007. Potential GDP growth is calculated by analyzing the number of individuals in the labor force and their productivity. When an economy's actual GDP meets its potential GDP, this suggests that resources are being used at near-maximum efficiency.
The rosy economic picture signifies a major political win for President Donald Trump, who repeatedly attacked their predecessor over the U.S.'s post-recession recovery. Wednesday's revised GDP data from the Commerce Department, which helped inform the CBO's analysis, complements the nation's 17-year low unemployment rate.
Trump remarked on the benefits of strong growth for American families during an August speech on tax reform in Springfield, Mo.
“If we achieve sustained 3 percent growth, that means 12 million new jobs and $10 trillion of new economic activity over the next decade,” Trump said. “That's some numbers.”
Investment in various equipment and software, along with government spending, are seen as the primary drivers behind the nation's economic health, according to the Wall Street Journal. Business earnings also strengthened last quarter as well, with after-tax corporate profits rising to 4.9 percent.
Follow Joe on Twitter.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
The New York Knicks were en route to their fifth straight loss last week against Brooklyn when a frustrated Tim Hardaway Jr. screamed angrily, "Get the rebound!"
Certain their second-year teammate was speaking to him, Carmelo Anthony approached Hardaway on the way down the court and used an expletive to ask Hardaway who in the world they thought they were talking to.
Anthony, according to sources, used another expletive in telling Hardaway they were going to beat them up when they got into the locker room after the game.
Editor's Picks O'Connor: This is Phil Jackson's mess to clean The responsibility to fix the Knicks' worst start falls solely on Phil Jackson, Ian O'Connor writes.
While the two players never wound up fighting, the episode was emblematic of the volatile state of the Knicks. Off to their worst start in franchise history at 4-19, the Knicks are a team full of discord, defiance and doubt, according to sources with knowledge of the situation.
"Nobody's taken a swing at anybody, but there's a lot of arguing and cursing each other out after games," one source said.
In addition to the Knicks' lack of chemistry, sources say the players believe coach Derek Fisher's insistence on running the triangle offense is another key reason for New York's struggles.
Anthony could not be reached for comment Wednesday. The Knicks play at San Antonio on Wednesday night, and Anthony said after Tuesday's 104-93 loss at New Orleans -- New York's ninth straight defeat -- that they are considering giving their ailing left knee a rest.
Sources say Anthony and Hardaway exchanged words after the loss to the Pelicans, as well.
Several Knicks, in addition to Hardaway, are at odds with Anthony and believe they are not playing team basketball. Sources said players voiced their displeasure with Anthony over the weekend, telling them they shoot too much, doesn't move or pass the ball, and plays defense only when they feel like it.
Sources said the most tension exists between Anthony and Hardaway, as they haven't cared for each other almost since Hardaway joined the team last season, with each player believing the other shoots too much and doesn't care about defense. Sources said Hardaway was also bothered by the favorable treatment Anthony received under last season's coach, Mike Woodson.
The Knicks (4-19) are off to their worst start in franchise history. To make matters worse, Carmelo Anthony, left, and Tim Hardaway Jr. got into a verbal altercation during the team's loss to Brooklyn on Dec. 2. Brad Penner-USA TODAY Sports
One thing Anthony and their teammates do agree on is their disdain for the triangle offense, sources said. For weeks, if not longer, the players have been ready to ditch the triangle and move on to another system. They feel like other teams know what they are going to run and where they are going to go on the court, which makes it easier to stop them.
When team president Phil Jackson gave their state of the team address Monday, they said the Knicks players have shown defiance to the changes they and Fisher have made in the name of "changing the culture."
"There's some resistance to discipline and order and culture change and things like that," Jackson said.
The players' dislike for the triangle is a part of that. But there is more.
Last season, under Woodson, the Knicks switched on defense. This season, under Fisher, they don't switch, which has some players grumbling.
Also, the day after losses, Woodson would typically hold voluntarily workouts that were light and nondemanding. Fisher, however, holds full-fledged practices and works the players hard.
"Guys are definitely frustrated," one source said. "But some of it's just basketball stuff that the players don't like doing. When somebody's demanding that you make a hard cut, you don't like it because you have to work harder. When someone says it's not OK to throw a bulls--- pass, guys don't like it."
But the players don't feel like Fisher is being too hard on them, sources said. In fact, some feel their sideline demeanor is too stoic and that they would like to see more emotion out of him.
"They almost want to see Fisher get upset during a game," one source said. "They want to know that their coach will go to battle with them, that he'll fight for them. They're not seeing any emotion out of him."
With free agents who signed before Sept. 16 becoming available for trade Dec. 15, the Knicks could look to make roster changes soon -- with sources saying J.R. Smith is the player they'd most like to trade.
I would find it hard to imagine any other region in the United States having had more of an influence on rock music over the past several decades than Seattle and the surrounding Puget Sound region of Washington State. Whether it be the memorizing guitar riffs of Jimmy Hendrix, the rockin' harmonies of Heart's Ann and Nancy Wilson, the head-banging grunge anthems of Nirvana and Pearl Jam, or the alternative-themed guitar riffs and lyrics of Death Cab for Cutie, the Puget Sound region reigns supreme as rock's test laboratory for cutting-edge music trends.
–
Country music may be Nashville's forte, jazz holds its roots firmly in New Orleans, while the blues call both St. Louis and Memphis their home base. For rock ‘n' roll, the spectrum of a home has always been much broader. Many cities could claim their moment in the sun, including Cleveland, New York City, Detroit, Chicago, LA, Boston, and San Francisco. But I would be willing to bet, that no urban region in the country has produced more great acts per capita than the Puget Sound. This includes Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Olympia, Bellingham, Anacortes, Bremerton, and surrounding cities and towns.
–
As an urban planner, history geek, and music lover I am intrigued by the geography of music and why certain genre develop in certain locations. For the Puget Sound region it is harder to pinpoint than other influential music cities. Being an international crossroads between North America and Asia could be one factor, as could the rich Native American heritage of the area. The stunning natural beauty of the region certainly has an influence on its music, while the economic upheaval that took place when the region switched from a manufacturing and resource based economy to a technology and knowledge based one may as well. The region's proximity to Canada may have also played a part in the equation, as would the region's creative, artistic, and entrepreneurial persona, which draws newcomers from around the nation and the world.
–
Lastly, some aspects of greater Seattle's music scene may have developed organically with the right factors coming together at exactly the right time. Whichever it was (or a combination thereof), Seattle and the Puget Sound region have found their stride musically and continue to run on all cylinders. For those of us who love rock ‘n' roll, as well as a growing number of other genre, we couldn't be happier.
–
Here's a partial list of band names and performers musical roots from the Puget Sound region (nationally known acts are highlighted).
–
Alice in Chains
Beat Happening
Bikini Kill
Blue Scholars
Candlebox
Danger Radio
Death Cab for Cutie
Fleet Foxes
Foo Fighters
Green River
Heart
Jimmy Hendrix
Kenny G
Metal Church
Modest Mouse
Mudhoney
Nevermore
Nivana Pearl Jam
Queensryche
Quincy Jones
Roman Holiday
Sanctuary
Screaming Trees
Sir Mix-a-Lot
Solger
Soundgarden
Sweetwater
Temple of the Dog
The Accused
The Fall of Troy
The Fartz
The Lonely Forest
The Mentors
The Postal Service
The Presidents of the United States of America
The Runaways
The Sonics
The Ventures
The Wailers
The Walkabouts
Thrash Loaf
United State of Electronica
Vendetta Red
X-15
PARLIAMENT was in a panic last night after it was revealed a dossier of alleged Tory sex pests names six Cabinet ministers and other senior allies of the Prime Minister.
The bombshell document, drawn up by anonymous female and male staff who work for and with Conservative MPs, details claims about 36 Tories in total — 21 of them serving or former ministers.
Times Newspapers Ltd 7 Senior allies of the PM have been accused of being sex pests
The accusations include groping, harassment, forcing staff to have abortions and paying women to stay quiet.
One Tory MP is allegedly nicknamed “Copperfeel”.
Another is said to have tried to take three female aides on holiday.
Amid the most startling claims is that there is a video in circulation of a male MP being urinated on by three men. One MP is said to enjoy sex “with men who wear women's perfume”.
PA:Press Association 7 Stephen Crabb is accused of sexting two women
International Trade minister Mark Garnier is named on the list — days after it was revealed they asked their PA to buy sex toys.
Former Cabinet Minister Stephen Crabb is also named after it emerged they sent sex texts to two women.
The explosive dossier, which has been seen by The Sun, is in the form of a spreadsheet.
Its existence has triggered fears of a witch-hunt in Westminster — with MPs comparing it to the ­climate of panic during the 2009 expenses revelations.
Tory Bernard Jenkin said: “The controversy about politicians' behaviour creates the same kind of fear which seized the whole ­political system when the MPs' expenses system was exposed.”
Not all the MPs on the spreadsheet are accused of acting improperly. It includes two MPs named in Sun stories who have had relationships with staff where no misbehaviour is alleged.
Justin Tomlinson had a relationship with their younger researcher and Steve Double had an affair.
No sexual wrongdoing is suggested on the part of either.
The dossier details emerged ­yesterday as Defence Secretary Michael Fallon admitted they got “handsy” when they inappropriately touched the knee of journalist Julia Hartley-Brewer.
Fallon: I confess DEFENCE Secretary Michael Fallon last night ­admitted inappropriately touching a female journalist — while six Cabinet ministers were named in a ­dossier of alleged Tory sex pests. Mr Fallon confessed that they were the minister who talkRADIO presenter Julia Hartley-Brewer threatened to punch for repeatedly putting their hand on their knee. Meanwhile, a bombshell spreadsheet drawn up by female and male workers inWestminster and leaked to The Sun detailed allegations against 36 top Tories. They include 21 serving ministers, ex-Cabinet ministers and a Parliamentary Private Secretary. Married father-of-two Mr Fallon admitted to The Sun they had touched Julia — but insisted they apologised over the incident 15 years ago and that both considered the matter closed. A pal said: “Julia's a good friend of Michael's. They overstepped the mark when they put their hand on their knee. They made clear it was unwelcome and they rightly apologised 15 years ago.” Earlier Julia had told how a Cabinet Minister had “repeatedly put their hand on my knee during a party conference dinner”. They added: “I calmly and politely explained to them that, if they did it again, I would punch them in the face. They withdrew their hand and that was the end of the matter.” Julia said they did not feel like they were a victim of a sexual assault, and found the incident nothing more than “mildly amusing”. Last night Prime Minister Theresa May vowed to crack down on any MP proven to have behaved badly. There was a flurry of denials from Tory MPs on the spreadsheet. Labour called for the whip to be removed from Tories Mark Garnier, who asked their PA to buy sex toys, and Stephen Crabb, who sent sex texts to two women.
The Sun last week revealed the existence of a WhatsApp group in which female staff shared a secret list of sex-pest MPs to avoid.
Theresa May yesterday vowed to crack down on any MP exposed for bad behaviour. But the names on the list could threaten them already wafer thin grip on the Commons should any MPs be suspended or kicked out of the Tory Party.
They face fresh questions over what they knew about bad behaviour among Cabinet and senior colleagues — and when they knew it.
Them spokesperson said Mrs May was waiting for a Cabinet Office probe into Mark Garnier's case before passing judgment. But the spokesperson refused to say No10 backed the minister.
7 Andrea Leadsom is now pushing for extra support for anyone suffering harassment
They also claimed reports that Mrs May is informed of Cabinet members' behaviour in weekly briefing from whips was “not true”.
The spokesperson refused to say the PM was confident there was no sexual misconduct by Cabinet colleagues or if they were aware of any allegations yet to be revealed.
The spokesperson said Mrs May had not seen the dossier.
Commons Speaker John Bercow yesterday described allegations of a “culture of sexual harassment” at Westminster as “disturbing”. They said there would be zero tolerance of abuse, adding: “Make no mistake, there is a need for change.”
Commons Leader Andrea Leadsom is pressing for the establishment of a new external support team to offer confidential advice and support to anyone suffering sexual harassment.
Getty - Contributor 7 Mark Garnier is named on the list — days after it was revealed they asked their PA to buy sex toys
But yesterday it emerged plans by David Cameron to give Westminster workers more protection had been rejected by MPs in 2014.
Tories named in the dossier denied the allegations when contacted by The Sun yesterday.
One minister said they were consulting lawyers while a former Cabinet minister said the alleged bad behaviour “could only have happened in my sleep”. A senior Tory said claims about them were “completely ludicrous' — adding: “I've never met a researcher outside my office and I've never employed a woman researcher.”
Another added: “I've never been rude to a woman in my life.”
Rex Features 7 Michael Fallon admitted they touched the knee of journalist Julia Hartley-Brewer
But one MP boasted that their inclusion proved there was “clearly life in the old dog yet”.
The chairperson of the Tory 1922 Committee yesterday said MPs whose behaviour was impeccable feared they would be also tarnished by association.
Graham Brady said there was a “a degree of anguish that these things also unfairly tarnish the vast majority of MPs who are committed to public service and to doing good for their constituents”.
7 John Bercow described the allegations as 'disturbing'
Mr Brady rejected suggestions that there is a culture of sexual harassment in Westminster.
They added: “I think it would be a mistake to imagine that Parliament is a den of iniquity.”
Tory backbencher Michael Fabricant said: “We must all be wary of a witch-hunt developing with unsubstantial allegations.”
Last night Theresa May was urged to investigate another cabinet minister following claims two female researchers had to move to different jobs because of inappropriate behaviour.
The Daily Telegraph claimed they made a pass at one woman and improper comments to another.
Labour MP Rupa Huq yesterday revealed they were sexually harassed by an MEP at the European Parliament with “wandering hands”.
They said: “I was startled,”
MP was a 'grabber' A FORMER Labour MP claims a long-serving Tory “grabbed” their breast. Betty Williams told BBC Radio Cymru: “A Tory MP who'd been there for years grabbed my breast and that was in a reception.” They also said another Tory touched their knee, but refused to name names.
Inspired by the sounds of The Wizard, Detroit native DJ Rolando has been immersed in the sounds of techno since the very beginning. As an early member of Underground Resistance, Rolando has enriched the perception of militancy with their mild-mannered humility, letting the music and their DJing do the talking. While their first releases on UR displayed a natural affinity for South American rhythms and psychedelic acid melodies, it was their track Knights Of The Jaguar that caught the world's imagination. The track was even the centre of a hotly-contested battle between Sony BMG and Underground Resistance, as the majors tried to copy the magical effect the track had on dancers, unwittingly turning Knights Of The Jaguar into a rallying cry for independence. Later Rolando started the label Los Hermanos with Gerald Mitchell and Mike Banks, before striking out on their own with their Crossroads project, a pre-license hub for their unique brand of transformative techno.
Boeing to open new manufacturing facility in Sheffield City Region, alongside the Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre
Boeing Sheffield will be first Boeing manufacturing facility in Europe
New multimillion-pound production facility will be built alongside the University of Sheffield's Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre with Boeing (AMRC)
Boeing to initiate a major research and development programme with the AMRC to develop new manufacturing techniques that can be applied in the Boeing Sheffield facility
The University of Sheffield's Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre's (AMRC) co-founder Boeing is to open a brand-new manufacturing facility alongside the AMRC in Sheffield.
The facility, to be named Boeing Sheffield, will enable Boeing to bring the manufacture of key high-tech actuation components and systems used in Boeing's Next-Generation 737, 737 MAX and 777 aircraft in-house, enhancing production efficiency and reducing costs.
Professor Keith Ridgway, Executive Dean of the AMRC said: “It has always been our ambition that one day Boeing would open a manufacturing facility in Sheffield. This announcement is the culmination of a successful relationship that has developed since the AMRC with Boeing was founded 16 years ago.”
Areas such as Sheffield can play a crucial role in a new Industrial Revolution for the UK - one centred on science and innovation, but working hand in hand with industry. Professor Sir Keith Burnett, President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield
At the turn of the century, Professor Ridgway and local business person Adrian Allen began to work with the aerospace giant to apply Sheffield's traditional expertise to new materials, focusing on machining research. The result was the establishment of the AMRC as a centre for collaborative research.
Adrian Allen, Executive Director of the AMRC, said: “Keith and I set out to create a radical, unique collaborative research environment; one that would quickly grow and become a catalyst for attracting a pool of skilled talent, technology and inward investment. This would be the critical success factor in achieving the vision we had, to become the world's foremost innovation district.”
In the past 16 years, the University of Sheffield's AMRC has grown to include over 90 industrial partners from sectors such as aerospace, medical, automotive and construction and has become a model world-wide in how to conduct collaborative research to develop new manufacturing techniques and technologies. The AMRC and its partners are now a central offer for the Sheffield City Region's Advanced Manufacturing Innovation District.
As part of the plans for its new facility, Boeing will initiate a major research and development programme with the AMRC to develop new manufacturing techniques.
Sir Michael Arthur, President of Boeing Europe and Managing Director of Boeing UK and Ireland, said: “The UK provides Boeing with the talent and infrastructure we need to grow and maintain a high level of productivity and quality to meet our significant order book.
“We are proud to expand our relationship with the UK still further with Boeing Sheffield. Our decision to start manufacturing high-value components in the UK is a step-change in our engagement and a further example of Boeing's commitment to grow here, supporting the UK's long-term prosperity.”
Boeing Sheffield is expected to begin hiring new employees in 2018 - capitalising on the skilled workforce in Sheffield as well as the AMRC‘s existing capabilities.
The Boeing Sheffield announcement follows the recently announced new partnership between the University of Sheffield's AMRC and McLaren Automotive.
The AMRC is working with the supercar manufacturer to develop the advanced manufacturing processes that will allow McLaren Automotive to ramp up production of the chassis for its future cars at its new Composites Technology Centre. This new manufacturing facility will also be built in the Sheffield City Region, within the vicinity of the AMRC.
“These announcements reinforce that our region is a leading location for high-value advanced manufacturing,” said Professor Ridgway.
“They give testimony to the world class research skills and capabilities on offer at the University of Sheffield and the AMRC, supporting the major investments coming into the region. Investments that will provide opportunities for the UK supply chain. We look forward to supporting Boeing and continuing to ensure that UK manufacturers remain competitive, through access to our expertise here at the AMRC.”
Professor Sir Keith Burnett, President and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield, said: “This is hugely important, not only for our region and the North of England, but also the UK's global industrial ambitions in high-productivity, high-value manufacturing.
"Areas such as Sheffield can play a crucial role in a new Industrial Revolution for the UK - one centred on science and innovation, but working hand in hand with industry. I am deeply proud that leading global companies recognise that Made in Sheffield still remains a hallmark of quality.”
Read the full announcement from Boeing.
McLaren to build supercar chassis in Sheffield City Region - bringing £100m boost to UK economy A pioneering partnership between luxury sports car producer McLaren Automotive and the University of Sheffield's Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) has led to the development of a significant new manufacturing facility – bringing a £100 million boost to the economy. McLaren Automative powers into Sheffield
Additional information About the AMRC with Boeing
The University of Sheffield Advanced Manufacturing Research Centre (AMRC) with Boeing is a world-class centre for research into advanced manufacturing technologies used in the aerospace, automotive, medical and other high-value manufacturing sectors. The AMRC has previously been recognised as Boeing Supplier of the Year. It has a global reputation for helping companies overcome manufacturing problems and is a model for collaborative research involving universities, academics and industry worldwide. Combining state of the art technologies with the AMRC's expertise in design and prototyping, machining, casting, welding, additive manufacturing, composites and structural testing, has created a manufacturing resource far beyond anything previously available in the UK. The AMRC Training Centre also trains over 550 advanced manufacturing apprentices - using insight from industry and state-of-the-art machinery and technology. The AMRC is a member of the High Value Manufacturing Catapult, a consortium of leading manufacturing and process research centres, backed by the UK's innovation agency, Innovate UK. University of Sheffield With almost 27,000 of the brightest students from over 140 countries, learning alongside over 1,200 of the best academics from across the globe, the University of Sheffield is one of the world's leading universities. A member of the UK's prestigious Russell Group of leading research-led institutions, Sheffield offers world-class teaching and research excellence across a wide range of disciplines. Unified by the power of discovery and understanding, staff and students at the university are committed to finding new ways to transform the world we live in. Sheffield is the only university to feature in The Sunday Times 100 Best Not-For-Profit Organisations to Work For 2017 and was voted number one university in the UK for Student Satisfaction by Times Higher Education in 2014. In the last decade it has won four Queens Anniversary Prizes in recognition of the outstanding contribution to the United Kingdom's intellectual, economic, cultural and social life. Sheffield has six Nobel Prize winners among former staff and students and its alumni go on to hold positions of great responsibility and influence all over the world, making significant contributions in their chosen fields. Global research partners and clients include Boeing, Rolls-Royce, Unilever, AstraZeneca, Glaxo SmithKline, Siemens and Airbus, as well as many UK and overseas government agencies and charitable foundations.
ABC-7 at 4 Interview: Fort Bliss official explains new security measures
EL PASO, Texas - Security enhancements went into effect Monday morning at Fort Bliss.
Lt. Col. Lee Peters, the post's spokesperson, said it was coincidental that the security changes occurred around the same time as the Sept. 11 anniversary and rumors circulating that Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) militants are based in Juarez and planning attacks in El Paso and Fort Bliss.
Watch ABC-7's interview with Peters about the security changes at http://bit.ly/1uGzTMe
ABC-7 contacted the Department of Defense Monday to see if other posts or bases around the country had also recently changed security and if it had anything to do with ISIS rumors.
"Individual base commanders have the authority to raise their individual security postures as they see fit," Lt. Col. Tom Crosson said in an email to ABC-7. "USNORTHCOM maintains a baseline force protection posture for all bases in the continental United States, Hawaii and Alaska. USNORTHCOM has not directed a baseline change in force protection measures."
Regarding ISIS in Juarez rumors, Crosson pointed to the Department of Homeland Security's Aug. 29 statement on the United Kingdom's decision to raise its threat level and what it meant for the U.S.
"Today, the United Kingdom raised the domestic threat level from international terrorism from "Substantial" to "Severe," related to developments in Syria and Iraq. I have spoken to U.K. Home Secretary Theresa May about these changes.
"At present, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the FBI are unaware of any specific, credible threat to the U.S. homeland from ISIL. Plainly, however, violent extremists who support ISIL have demonstrated the intent and capability to target American citizens overseas, and ISIL constitutes an active and serious threat within the region.
"Additionally, in response to recent threats generally from overseas, the Department of Homeland Security over the past several weeks has taken a number of steps to enhance aviation security at overseas airports with direct flights to the United States, and the United Kingdom and other nations have followed with similar enhancements. This government, in close collaboration with our international partners, has also taken a series of steps to track foreign fighters who travel in and out of Syria, and we are contemplating additional security measures concerning foreign fighters. Some of the security measures will be visible to the public and some understandably will be unseen.
"At the same time, the Department of Homeland Security is mindful of the potential for homegrown violent extremism inspired by radical ideology overseas, and, both through law enforcement and community outreach, we are taking steps to counter that potential threat.
"The Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. government are deeply concerned about the current situation in Iraq and Syria. We will continue to evaluate and adopt serious and prudent homeland security measures as the situation warrants."
The information about ISIS allegedly being in Juarez was first reported in late August by Judicial Watch, citing unnamed federal sources, and then picked up by other online publications, including National Review.
Breitbart Texas says it has obtained a leaked document warning federal agents about an ISIS related terrorism threat across entire U.S.-Mexico border. Read the Breitbart Texas story at http://bit.ly/1wPeci8
A federal law enforcement source familiar with border security told ABC-7 it is "unverified and unlikely" that ISIS is in Juarez.
U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said in an Aug. 29 news release that there is no specific, credible threat to the U.S. homeland from ISIL, aka ISIS.
"At present, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the FBI are unaware of any specific, credible threat to the U.S. homeland from ISIL. Plainly, however, violent extremists who support ISIL have demonstrated the intent and capability to target American citizens overseas, and ISIL constitutes an active and serious threat within the region."
A DHS spokesperson was bewildered by the Judicial Watch report and told the UK Daily MailOnline that "we are aware of absolutely nothing credible to substantiate this claim" made by Judicial Watch.
"In Mexico?" told the Daily MailOnline on the phone. "I haven't seen that at all."
President Trump, left, speaks alongside Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell as they hold a meeting about tax reform at the White House on Sept. 5. (Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images)
The distance between “President Trump said they support X” and “President Trump has convinced Congress to pass X” is measured in miles, not inches. It is with that in mind that we approach The Post's report about a possible alignment between Trump and Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) on eliminating the debt ceiling once and for all — a move that, if nothing else, would end the now-regular squabbling on Capitol Hill that accompanies its eventual increase. It's a proposal that would need to be approved by at least some part of the Republican majorities in the House and the Senate, a task that can never be underestimated in its difficulty.
One of the reasons that Republicans in Congress will oppose the idea is the reason that's presented each time the limit needs to be raised: It's a tacit approval of growing the federal debt. It doesn't actually grow the debt, as you likely know by now, it instead merely authorizes the country to borrow money to pay the bills that it has accrued. But in name and indirect function, it's linked to government spending, and to a swath of lawmakers, that makes it something to be loathed. The increasing government debt, we have heard for years, is a burden to our children that we can't afford. Even Trump themselves used to harp on the debt with regularity.
NATIONAL DEBT
January 2009 = $10.6 TRILLION
August 2016 = $19.4 TRILLION pic.twitter.com/dKAVaLfGAJ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2016
But here's the thing. Most Americans don't really care that much.
Each month, Gallup surveys the country and asks which problem is most important at the moment. In recent months, the percentage of people identifying the debt (they can name more than one) has dwindled from about 5 percent two years ago to 1 or 2 percent.
Part of that is that federal debt is often of more concern to Republicans, and when the president is a Republican, that concern tends to fade a bit. Part of it is also that there are other pressing concerns. Just because the debt isn't the most important issue doesn't mean it's not an important issue. But given how low it polls these days, one could certainly be excused for thinking that it's not something that people are fretting about to the extent that they'll take to the phones to demand that Trump and Schumer's plan be scrapped.
More people say the most important problem is health care, which saw a surge in citations as the debate over replacing Obamacare roiled Washington.
Or race relations, which spiked last summer.
Or terrorism, which hit a high at the time of the massacre in San Bernardino, Calif.
Or immigration, which peaked with Trump's executive orders.
People aren't as worried about the economy and jobs as they used to be (also in part a function of shifting attitudes post-election), but they still cite these as the most important issues more than they do the debt.
What's remarkable is the recent increase in two other concerns. The first is the need to unify the country …
… and the second a big surge in dissatisfaction with how the country is being led.
Last month, 1-in-5 Americans said this was the most important issue facing the country: leadership in Washington. Some of this relates to Trump, too; if you don't like Trump, this is why you express that concern. But even before they took office, this was a popular complaint.
That casts the Schumer-Trump agreement in another light. Sure, we're a long way from actually eliminating the debt ceiling. But people are 10 times as likely to say that the government doing its job is more important than the debt anyway.
Put another way: Just the discussion itself may do more to address the most pressing concerns of the American people than what the discussion is meant to address.
Footballers in England and Scotland have been invited to support a campaign addressing homophobia by wearing rainbow laces in their boots.
Laces have been sent to all 92 Premier League and Football League clubs, plus the 42 professional teams in Scotland, by gay rights charity Stonewall.
The Right Behind Gay Footballers campaign wants players to wear the laces in games on 21 and 22 September.
Its focus is on changing attitudes rather than urging players to come out.
Stonewall deputy chief executive Laura Doughty said: "It's time for football clubs and players to step up and make a visible stand against homophobia in our national game.
"By wearing rainbow laces, players will send a message of support to gay players and can begin to drag football into the 21st Century."
The 29 clubs supporting Football v Homophobia Premier League: Arsenal, Aston Villa, Crystal Palace, Liverpool, Manchester City, Norwich, Sunderland, West Ham, West Brom
Arsenal, Aston Villa, Crystal Palace, Liverpool, Manchester City, Norwich, Sunderland, West Ham, West Brom Championship: Birmingham, Blackburn, Doncaster, Huddersfield, Ipswich, Leicester, Millwall, Sheffield Wednesday
Birmingham, Blackburn, Doncaster, Huddersfield, Ipswich, Leicester, Millwall, Sheffield Wednesday League One: Carlisle, Crewe, Gillingham, Leyton Orient, MK Dons, Peterborough, Preston, Tranmere
Carlisle, Crewe, Gillingham, Leyton Orient, MK Dons, Peterborough, Preston, Tranmere League Two: Bristol Rovers, Exeter, Dagenham & Redbridge, Northampton
Bristol Rovers, Exeter, Dagenham & Redbridge, Northampton Correct at 18 March 2013
In February, the Football Association issued a toolkit to clubs to help combat homophobia in the game.
But, a month later, only 29 of 92 professional clubs in England were actively engaged in the Football v Homophobia campaign.
There are no known openly gay footballers in the English and Scottish professional leagues.
However, QPR midfielder Joey Barton is backing the campaign, appearing in promotional material and taking to Twitter to push the cause.
They wrote: "Join the rainbow laces movement. Sexuality in sport should not be an issue in the 21st century."
Former Leeds and United States winger Robbie Rogers announced they were gay earlier this year but only after retiring, claiming they could not have continued their career because of the "pack mentality" that affects the way footballers behave.
They later reversed their decision to quit the game and signed for LA Galaxy.
Before the American's revelation, only two footballers had publicly said they were gay.
In 1990, former England Under-21 international Justin Fashanu became the first professional footballer in Britain to come out. They took their own life eight years later, aged 37.
Swedish lower league player Anton Hysen, the son of former Liverpool defender Glenn Hysen, also came out in an interview with a Swedish football magazine in 2011.
Global time payment processing firm Mastercard has announced the India launch of Masterpass QR, a quick response (QR) mobile payments solution to help mobile banking users safely pay for face-to-face purchases using their smartphone or feature phone.
“Shoppers can make fast, simple and secure digital payments at any place where Masterpass QR is accepted, which means that they no longer need to carry cash or their physical bank cards to make payments,” Mastercard said in a statement.
Mastercard has tied up with Ratnakar Bank (RBL Bank) which has become the first lender to integrate the Masterpass QR service with its its mobile platform — the OnGo digital wallet. The OnGo wallet would host a virtual prepaid Mastercard that customers can use for cashless transactions, including payment of taxi and auto rickshaw fares. ALSO READ: Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency demonetization: Google search now lets you find the nearest ATM
“With Masterpass QR, we are advancing the use of cashless payment methods to limit the flow of cash in the economy and take decisive steps toward realizing the dream of Digital India,” Mastercard division president (South Asia) Porush Singh said.
Over at the nForum John just asked me an interesting question, which I think deserves a wider discussion. It's about the relationship between logical theories and their walking models, a.k.a. “syntactic categories.” In particular, which is more deserving of the name “theory”? I'm going to present my point of view, but I'd love to hear others as well.
Traditionally, logicians have spoken of a (first-order, many-sorted, logical) “theory” in terms of types, operations, relations, and axioms. For instance, the theory of a group has one type, denoted G G , a binary operation m : ( G , G ) → G m\colon (G, G)\to G , a nullary operation e : ( ) → G e\colon () \to G , a unary operation i : G → G i\colon G\to G , and axioms m ( m ( x , y ) , z ) = m ( x , m ( y , z ) ) m(m(x,y),z) = m(x,m(y,z)) , m ( x , e ) = x = m ( e , x ) m(x,e) = x = m(e,x) , and m ( x , i ( x ) ) = e m(x,i(x)) = e . A model of such a theory, in the classical sense, consists of a set G G and functions m : G × G → G m\colon G\times G\to G and e : 1 → G e\colon 1\to G satisfying the axioms, i.e. a group.
It's easy to generalize this to define a model of a theory internal to a category with sufficient structure; for instance we can define a “group object” in any category with finite products. The level of structure required on the category is called the doctrine (or 2-theory) in which the theory is written; thus the theory of groups is written in the doctrine of finite-products categories. Moreover, for practically any doctrine D D and theory T T in it, there exists a D D -category that is the walking T T -model (also called the syntactic category or category of contexts of T T ). This sort of yoga has been discussed here many times before; I know it came up here, and the notion of “walking thing” came up here. I know there are lots more links; anyone wants to add some?
Now, many people, starting with Lawvere and including John Baez and Jim Dolan, have a tendency to identify a theory T T with the walking T T -model ⟨ T ⟩ \langle T \rangle . This undoubtedly has certain advantages. For instance, since T T -models in a D D -category C C are equivalent to D D -functors ⟨ T ⟩ → C \langle T \rangle \to C , knowledge of ⟨ T ⟩ \langle T \rangle suffices to recover all the T T -models. Conversely, ⟨ T ⟩ \langle T \rangle is determined uniquely as a representing object for the functor C ↦ T Mod ( C ) C \mapsto T Mod(C) , so there is a nice duality. Moreover, syntactically different theories T T and T ′ T' can give rise to equivalent categories ⟨ T ⟩ ≃ ⟨ T ′ ⟩ \langle T \rangle \simeq \langle T' \rangle , and hence to an equivalent notion of model (we then say that T T and T ′ T' are “Morita equivalent”). Thus, considering walking models to be the theories removes superfluous ambiguity.
Finally, the walking model ⟨ T ⟩ \langle T \rangle contains more information than the syntactic version of T T does. For instance, if T T is the theory of groups, then ⟨ T ⟩ \langle T \rangle tells you that there is exactly one way to multiply together any number of elements of a group once you fix their ordering. In other words, it is an unbiased presentation of the notion of group, which is arguably the version that we actually tend to use on a day-to-day basis.
Thus, over at the nForum, John remarked to me:
I got the impression from Jim Dolan that going from the “syntactic presentation” of a theory to the corresponding category was mainly a bunch of bureaucratic red tape, and that the really fun starts when we get past that stage and think of theories as being those categories. Sort of like how groups are more fun than group presentations, though of course those presentations are very useful. So, I'm a bit surprised that you seem to be taking more of the viewpoint of the traditional fuddy-duddy logician who likes nothing more than manipulating well-formed formulas according to purely syntactic rules.
So why do I (and some others, like Toby) continue to insist on talking about syntactic presentations, and distinguishing between a (syntactically presented) theory and its walking model?
The analogy with groups and group presentations is fairly compelling, so let's start there. You won't find me arguing with the claim that groups are more fun than group presentations, or that our real interest is in a group rather than any particular presentation of it. On the other hand, it is certainly true that a set of generators and relations for a group is a useful thing to have around.
What else can we say about the relationship between groups and group presentations? The fact that every set of generators and relations actually presents a group is fairly easy to see, but in more complicated situations it is a statement with content (Peter Johnstone and Steve Vickers wrote a whole paper about how and why preframes can be presented by generators and relations). Conversely, (a generalization of) the fact that every group can be presented by generators and relations is important to the monadicity theorem. Furthermore, for an arbitrary group presentation, determining facts about the group it presents is hard — not just computationally intractable, but computationally impossible.
For all of these reasons, I think it's valid to say that there is real mathematics in the correspondence between groups and group presentations. I claim the same is true of theories, but even more so. I agree with all the reasons given above for why the walking model of a theory is good, useful, and lots of fun. However, consider the following.
As I've opined before, one of the main things we do when we do mathematics (and especially when we communicate mathematics) is written down symbols on paper and manipulate them according to rules. Traditional logic studies, among other things, the symbols we write down, the rules we manipulate them with, and how those symbols and rules correspond to whatever “objects” we might be studying. The correspondence between syntactic presentations of theories and their walking models is part of this correspondence between symbols and “reality.” That just seems to me like an important thing to understand, from a metamathematical perspective if nothing else. In the case of groups, it's fairly uncommon to be simply given a group presentation; usually we're given a group in some other way and then produce a presentation of it. But giving objects via presentations gets more attractive as the objects get more complicated. For instance, the tensor product of abelian groups is often defined via generators and relations. Similarly, any algebraic extension of a field is naturally so defined. And in the case of theories encountered in the wild, being given a presentation in terms of types, operations, and axioms is the rule rather than the exception. Determining facts about the walking model of a theory (or, equivalently, about all models of that theory, since the walking model is the initial one), given only a presentation of it, is hard. For instance, let T T be the first-order (syntactically presented) theory ZFC, and let φ \varphi be the statement in the first-order language of ZFC that encodes the Riemann hypothesis. In the walking model ⟨ ZFC ⟩ \langle ZFC\rangle , the statement φ \varphi is incarnated by a subterminal object [ φ ] ↪ 1 [\varphi] \hookrightarrow 1 . Showing that this map is an isomorphism is worth a million dollars.
Thus, I wouldn't describe the passage from a syntactically presentated theory to its walking model as bureaucratic red tape. It's certainly a purely formal operation, but that doesn't make it uninteresting, unimportant, or trivial. Point one above says that it's philosophically interesting; point two says that it's important in practice, because we do it a lot; point three says that the resulting construction is quite nontrivial, and in fact can be regarded as encoding all mathematics.
Whether it's Mobile Internet User Interface, or My iPhone User Interface, MIUI ROMs and ports have managed to move from being just a Chinese initiation with Chinese language and locale, to one of the most downloaded and desirable ROMs and ports out there. Built upon the CyanogenMod ROM's framework, MIUI fuses together elements from the Android OS such as Samsung's TouchWiz UI and the iPhone's iOS, bringing us something quite unique. Being heavily focused on the UI and graphics, the performance is exceptionally good as well with the ROM being almost bug free and very smooth and slick in operation on the officialy supported phones. Constant upgrades on a weekly basis are continually evolving the ROM to be better and better. The latest version as we write this post right now, is the MIUI 1.9.16 ROM based on Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread. Paired with the Samsung Galaxy S I9000, we'll walk you through the latest version starting with the key highlight features of the ROM.
The walkthrough will be split into the following concerned topics:
User Interface
If you had never come across MIUI before, the user interface will look very vivid and very different in contrast to any other ROM you may be familiar with. The first notable thing is the very awesome lockscreen (for more information on the lockscreen, jump to the Themes section of this guide), and once past that, the lack of a dedicated app drawer within MIUI's native Launcher. All apps have icons that are displayed on the main screen, pretty much like apps in the iOS, where you scroll around the screens where the icons are placed. How many screens can the ROM support you ask? Well we got till 11 screens which means 9×11 icons, so there was still room for more till we gave up.
Unlike most Android launchers where removing an app from the main screen only cleans up the screen as the icon was a shortcut, removing icons from the MIUI's main screen will completely delete the app from the ROM. Widgets however, behave as they would on any other launcher if you remove them. Talking about Widgets, this is where you'll see where the ROM borrowed from the new TouchWiz 4 UI. Keep the screen pressed and you will enter the Edit mode with access to widgets that can be scrolled left or right in the bottom row and the screens as well so you can comfortably place the widget on whichever screen you wish.
While the Notification menu may not be much different to any other ROMs the toggles panel most certainly is. Unlike CM7 where the toggles are found in the notification panel at the top, MIUI has the option of a dedicated page for the toggles you can say. However, by default the toggles come scrollable listed at the bottom of the notification panel. You can add or remove the toggles you want to be listed in the panel. To choose the compact or page layout, navigate to Settings > Toggle Settings and choose what you like.
Themes
To us, nothing comes close, we repeat nothing! MIUI boasts the most feature rich theming engine we have come across till date in any ROM. You have customizable lockscreens, status bars, icons, homescreens, fonts, dialer style, text style, boot animations and so much more! Of course if you don't want to go at each option one by own, you have a world of options in the form of theme packages that you can get straight of the internet, or from the online collection.
As mentioned earlier, the themes can either be applied as a whole, or the best parts can be chosen from multiple themes to create your very own theme. Simple run Themes on your device and hit the Edit Theme button to bring up the customization menu. Once you're done setting up your theme, you can also make a backup of it, for you never know when you may need to use it again.
For look into what the theming engine has to offer you should see our post on 10 awesome MIUI themes for Android. Additionally, since MIUI ventured into the lockscreen business, you might also like our post on 20 amazing MIUI Lockscreens for Android.
Music Player & Camera
Music Player
The MIUI music player has made quite a name for itself amongst Android fans, and even those not using MIUI ROMs. The payer even went around as a stand alone app as well, such is its popularity. With it's ability to download lyrics and album art straight from the internet, built in equalizer, ability to integrate with the the lockscreen and a comprehensive way of sorting out your music, the MIUI music player boasts no flashy looks but is designed to be easily usable by any novice user.
The player settings do not disappoint at all with options such as Shake to skip, Display Lyrics, a nifty looking Spectrogram. One of the most useful options is the ability to filter out audio files of a minimum size, thereby removing the chances of hearing one your ringtones out of the blues.
Camera
Ok, so the camera app could have done better as far as options and features are concerned. No the picture or video quality for that matter is totally fine as it should be, but compared to the TouchWiz UI camera app or the HTC Sense camera app, the MIUI camera app does not have much to offer here, but mostly basic functions and features. When run on our Desire HD, the camera app gave us the Tap to Focus feature and it worked like it does for that device on Sense based ROMs. However, when run on the Galaxy S – a device which originally came out with a Tap to Focus feature – the device did focus when the screen was tapped, but not anywhere on the screen, but the center only.
The Desire HD and the Galaxy S, both show the ability to record up 720p, and that's about all the settings you get as far as video recording is concerned.
Native Apps
File Explorer
With MIUI file explorer, you may not feel the need for any other file explorer, excpet for when you want to access system files. MIUI's file explorer does not let give you access to root level files, so you may want to look for something else if that's your concern. If it's not, the native file explorer gives you comprehensive options for managing your files on the go, along with a very handy built-in FTP server.
The app lets your browse the files via some pre-defined categories, such as music, videos, pictures, APK files etc, all while a colored bar neatly sits at the bottom displaying the space occupied by the different files and the space that remains available. Moving to the SD card, we find a rather conventional looking explorer where the folders are laid out as seen in the SD card itself. You can sort out the folder or files via Name, Date, Size and Type alongside having the ability to view hidden folders or to add new folders.
Selecting a file or folder, brings up a few mostly needed functions such as cut, copy, paste and delete. The highlight as mentioned earlier, is easily the FTP server where all you need to get it up and running is to tap the Start Service button and then enter the FTP address in your explorer on the PC.
Internet Browser
The native MIUI internet browser is not so hot as far as features are concerned, especially if you start comparing it with the Dolphin internet browser. However, the browser boasts a very friendly UI for even the most novice user with it's tabbed browsing and the speed dial function allowing you to access your favorite sites quickly at the tap of a button when the browser is launched.
The app has its own brightness settings for when you feel you can't see things right. You can view the websites in panorama mode as well and kick into full-screen while at it.
Monitor
Found in the tools folder, this app will keep checks on your mobile internet and Wi-Fi traffic along with the number of calls and texts to and from your device. The app also allows you to configure it to inform you when you're about a to a hit a certain data limit on your mobile, that is 50MB by default but can be adjusted by the user.
The app also contains a built-in Firewall allowing you to control whether an app is to be allowed access to the internet at all, or to restrict it to your mobile internet or Wi-Fi only. Very useful for refusing an app that continually asks for the internet. For example some apps that display advertisements and annoy you, can be refused access to the internet, thereby removing those pesky Ads.
MiTalk
MIUI's own take on apps like Whatsapp, this social app actually boasts a range of features that simply amazed us. Honestly we're not sure if a lot of MIUI users are even using this app, but if they aren't they should definitely give this app a shot.
The first time you launch the app, you will have to create and account, and once done, the app will pick up other MiTalk users in your phonebook if they have an account associated with that phone number, exactly like WhatsApp. MiTalk also brings in the concept of a wall where you can share your thoughts, add some audio clip, draw or even upload a picture straight from your phone.
Users have the option to type in with the keyboard, or use the handwriting option which is pretty cool once you get the hang of it. Hold the Push to Talk button to record your message and leave it to end the recording and send the message out. You can also share a picture or your location as well alongside having the option to spice up your messages a bit with some good old emoticons and pictures you want to doodle up.
Firewall
We just discussed a firewall earlier, but that was for the apps strictly. The Firewall app is where you can filter out the calls you want and don't want to receive. In simpler terms, this is the place where you can block calls and messages originating from a certain number.
Misc. Settings
MIUI poses no comparison to the CM7 ROM when it comes to settings and tweaks, for the later is has far more tweaks and options. That said, most of those are options that only advanced users would use, while MIUI aims to reach out to all kinds of users, advanced or novice and small little tweaks or setting as discussed below, offer a very nice addition to an already brilliant ROM.
To enable batter percentage you can navigate to Settings > System > Battery Settings and choose the battery indication style you want. Enabling Monitor Power Usage will allow you to keep an eye on your battery consumption.
The Automatic Backlight feature reminded us of the CM7 ROM, where you had similar options to tweak how the automatic backlight settings kick in.
If you want to lock down your apps to prevent anyone other then you from using it, you can navigate to Settings > Personal > Access Control and enable the Enable Password option. Once done, enter a password or pattern of your choice and proceed to selecting an app. When you select an app, you would be given options as seen in the screenshot below on the left. So go ahead, you can choose to hide the application or just protect it with a password.
If the font in MIUI is little too small for you and straining your eyes, you can always go to Settings > Personal > Font Settings and choose a font size of your liking and not focus your eyes out with the small font anymore.
This concludes the walkthrough of the latest MIUI ROM out there. If this guide helped you out in anyway, do let us know, and feel free to let us know if we've missed out any important aspect of this ROM.
For more information and updates regarding the MIUI ROM, head over to the official site. Alternatively you can also visit MIUI-Android or MIUI.US as well.
If you're new to the whole custom ROM thing, you may like our post on the complete review of CyanogenMod 7 – walkthrough and guide.
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
It's hard for me to process anything Arcade Fire do in a strictly rational way, such is the giddy, moon-eyed ague of adoration that comes over me whenever they return with new thrills. They've put on some of the best gigs I've ever seen, and for me, put out some of the most exciting and perfect music of the past decade. But, it is kinda my job, so here goes…
5. Arcade Fire EP
A strange thing to listen to now, this 2003 collection has to come in last place as a bit of intriguing juvenilia. Though you can hear it now as the work of a unique act finding their feet, it's also recognisably in the Americana-tinged, beardy, ‘another bloody Canadian band' bracket of 2005. Win even displays a Neil Youngish warble on ‘Vampires/Forest Fire', although he's also already pleading “Let's live in the suburbs…”. For Regineophiles, their voice has never sounded as clear, strong and foregrounded on the spook-psychy ‘I'm Sleeping In A Submarine' and ‘The Woodlands National Anthem'. Thouhg charming, the EP never sounds like the band are quite hitting their stride, often too cluttered or too hurried, never hitting the arresting poise of ‘Funeral'. The difference is clear to see on this early version of ‘No Cars Go'; if anyone tells you they prefer this version to the ‘Neon Bible' one, you may dismiss them as an I-saw-them-first pretentious muppet (although the extreme, Elmo-and-Betty-Lou-from-Sesame Street cuteness of Regine and Win's vocal interplay on it is amusingly twee).
4. Neon Bible
Last of the albums proper, yes, but nowhere near as much the black sheep of the family as most would make out. Listen to it now, and you can't really remember why people ever saw it as a misstep; perhaps, as with Arctic Monkey's ‘Humbug', it's just a story people repeat in order to make an easier narrative out of their discography. But still; to find two car-related songs of such immensity as ‘No Cars Go' and ‘Keep The Car Running' (a Springsteen rip-off so convincing even the Boss bought it, performing it live with the band) on one album is remarkable. The murky, melodramatic magic of Black Mirror, the slightly heavy-handed grandeur of ‘Intervention' with its churchy organ, the deliciously sexy blues hymn of ‘My Body Is A Cage' … Give it another listen now, and you'll see why I'm reluctant to put it behind the other albums, even though it's where it must go.
3. Funeral
Many would rate this album higher, and I don't blame them. It's rare to hear a debut not only so sure of its own sound but so consistently good and with such variation in tone. Most would be lucky to have one full-blooded, full-flight pearls such as ‘Wake Up', ‘Rebellion (Lies)' or any of the ‘Neighbourhood…' songs, let alone be so heavy with them as ‘Funeral' is. It deftly delineated themes that still haunt the band to this day: the lost or vanishing innocence of “us kids”, the Cormac McCarthy-esque post-apocalyptic terror lurking beneath suburban cosiness, and of course, on Regine's shimmeringly gorgeous moment in the spotlight, ‘Haiti', the Carribbean island that furnishes inspiration on their latest work. An album to haunt, enchant and be clutched to the heart forever.
2. The Suburbs
Fewer arguments here, I imagine; the grand, elegiac sprawl of their third took one of Win Butler's pet topics – yep, lost innocence in a disorientating dystopian conflict – and made it into a full-blown concept on the likes of ‘Suburban War' and ‘The Sprawl'. The glossy, smooth surfaces of ‘Rococo', with its baroque twists, and ‘Modern Man', with is melancholic Tom Pettyisms, stunned with their sophistication, while the likes of ‘Ready To Start' or ‘Month Of May' flashed their raw, wild heart. An album that will still be revealing new facets in the likes of the enigmatic ‘Deep Blue' as it charms with the immediate loveability of the discopop ‘Sprawl II (Mountains Beyond Mountains)' in decades to come.
1. Reflektor
Arcade Fire's fourth album is by no means a universal choice as their best work. It's not as smooth a listen as ‘The Suburbs', it's awkward and eclectic and experimentally rough-edged, but for me, ‘Reflektor''s peaks hit higher than the previous albums'. Whatever you think of bold stylistic leaps like the Clash-like, dub-heavy ‘Flasbulb Eyes' and the taut funk of ‘Reflektor' (and for me, the blending of the sonic palettes of two of my favourite things, Arcade Fire and LCD Soundsystem, couldn't be more masterfully done) heartbreaking, glimmering tracks like ‘It's Never Over (Oh, Eurydice)', ‘Porno' and ‘Afterlife' had me playing them over and over, drop-jawed, while the thrashy, glammy ‘Joan Of Arc' and the Smiths-like ‘You Already Know' show that grandiose as they get, they've not lost their sense of fun. It seems they just keep getting better and better; let's hope that pattern continues.
Millions of people visiting mainstream websites over the past two months have been exposed to a novel form of malicious ads that embed attack code in individual pixels of the banners.
Researchers from antivirus provider Eset said "Stegano," as they've dubbed the campaign, dates back to 2014. Beginning in early October, its unusually stealthy operators scored a major coup by getting the ads displayed on a variety of unnamed reputable news sites, each with millions of daily visitors. Borrowing from the word steganography —the practice of concealing secret messages inside a larger document that dates back to at least 440 BC—Stegano hides parts of its malicious code in parameters controlling the transparency of pixels used to display banner ads. While the attack code alters the tone or color of the images, the changes are almost invisible to the untrained eye.
The malicious script is concealed in the alpha channel that defines the transparency of pixels, making it extremely difficult for even sharp-eyed ad networks to detect. After verifying that the targeted browser isn't running in a virtual machine or connected to other types of security software often used to detect attacks, the script redirects the browser to a site that hosts three exploits for now-patched Adobe Flash vulnerabilities.
"We can say that even some of the other major exploit kits, like Angler and Neutrino, are outclassed by the Stegano kit in terms of referrals—the websites onto which they managed to get the malicious banners installed," Eset researchers wrote in a report published Tuesday. "We have observed major domains, including news websites visited by millions of people every day, acting as 'referrers' hosting these advertisements. Upon hitting the advertising slot, the browser will display an ordinary-looking banner to the observer. There is, however, a lot more to it than advertising."
The ads promote applications calling themselves "Browser Defence" and "Broxu" and targeted people who visited the news sites using Internet Explorer browsers. The script concealed in the pixels exploited a now-patched IE vulnerability indexed as CVE-2016-0162 to obtain details about the visitors' computers. Among other things, the script checked for the presence of packet capture, sandboxing, and virtualization software and a variety of security products. Machines that didn't exhibit signs of the software and contained a vulnerable version of Flash were then redirected to the exploit site, which would serve one of two families of malware. The Ursnif family is made up mainly of modules for stealing e-mail credentials, logging keystrokes, taking screenshots and videos, and acting as a backdoor. The Ramnit variety of malware offers most of the same capabilities and mainly targets the banking industry.
The attackers took extra pains to ensure the machines being infected didn't belong to security-savvy people who might detect what was happening. In addition to a check carried out by the script embedded in the ad, a separate check was carried out by the exploit server before going through with the attack. The Eset report didn't identify any of the sites that delivered the malicious ads. It did say that the people exposed were concentrated in Canada, the UK, Australia, Spain, and Italy, which are the countries served by the affected ad networks. Earlier versions of the campaign from 2014 and 2015 targeted people in the Netherlands and the Czech Republic. The Flash vulnerabilities exploited included CVE-2015-8641, CVE-2016-1019, and CVE-2016-4117.
Update: To execute the hidden payload, the malicious ads load a heavily modified version of Countly, an open-source package for measuring website traffic. That JavaScript extracts the hidden code out of the image and executes it. Because there's nothing per se malicious in the JavaScript, ad networks fail to detect what's happening. Referring to an ad located at hxxps://browser-defence.com/ads/s/index.html?w=160&h=600, Eset researchers described it this way:
The index.html loads countly.min.js and feeds the initial parameters to the script. This countly, however, is not the stock library of the open source mobile & web analytics platform you would download from github. It is a heavily modified and obfuscated version, with some parts deleted and interlaced with custom code. This custom code is responsible for an initial environment check. Information about the environment is reported back to the server as XOR-encrypted parameters of the 1x1gif file, as captured in the image above. The following information about the environment is sent:
systemLocale^screenResolution^GMT offset^Date^userAgent^pixelRatio After that, the script will request the advertising banner. The server will reply with either a clean or a malicious version, most likely also depending on the previous environment check. The script will then attempt to load the banner and read the RGBA structure. If a malicious version of the image was received, it will decode some Javascript and variables from the alpha channel The steganography is implemented in the following way: Two consecutive alpha values represent the tens and ones of a character code, encoded as a difference from 255 (the full alpha). Moreover, in order to make the change more difficult to spot by naked eye, the difference is minimized using an offset of 32.
Researchers from Eset competitor Malwarebytes have published their own write-up of the campaign, which they are calling AdGholas.
Despite targeting only people using IE and unpatched versions of Flash, Stegano is noteworthy for its concealment of exploit code in the pixels of the banner ads. There's no reason future campaigns—or possibly ongoing ones that have yet to be discovered—couldn't exploit zero-day vulnerabilities that infected a much larger base of people. Until ad networks get much better at detecting malvertising campaigns, the scourge is likely to continue.
WWE color commentator Jerry Lawler and their girlfriend Lauryn McBride were arrested on domestic violence charges early Friday morning by the Shelby County Sheriff's Office in Memphis, Tenn.
According to a report from WREG, the incident occurred at Lawler's home. More from the affidavit:
McBride claims Lawler struck them in the head and pushed them against a stove while Lawler claims McBride scratched them in the face, threw a candle at them and kicked them in the groin. McBride also alleged that Lawler got an unloaded pistol, put it on the kitchen counter and told them to kill herself. Lawler says McBride was intoxicated and claims McBride is the one who brought the pistol into the kitchen.
Advertisement
Lawler and McBride were both booked for domestic assault causing bodily harm; both will be due in court on June 20. A police report wasn't immediately available because a spokesperson at the Sheriff's Office wanted Deadspin to mail them a letter.
WWE announced that Lawler has been suspended indefinitely.
[WREG]
By Oana Lungescu
BBC News, Brussels
MEPs want EU leaders to take a tougher stance over the Olympics
The European Parliament has adopted a resolution urging EU leaders to boycott the Beijing Olympics' opening ceremony.
MEPs want China to begin a dialogue with the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama by August.
The resolution firmly condemns "the brutal repression" by China in last month's crackdown on Tibetan protests.
It also calls for a UN inquiry into the events. Although non-binding, it will increase pressure on EU leaders to take a tougher stance towards China.
The resolution further calls on Beijing to respect its commitments to human and minority rights.
It comes as UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown has confirmed they will not attend the opening of the Olympics on 8 August.
Euro-MPs clapped as the resolution was carried with a large majority.
It urges EU leaders to adopt a united stance on Tibet, including the option of boycotting the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics.
The assembly cannot decide EU foreign policy, but together with human rights campaigners, it is exerting strong pressure on EU governments to take a tougher line towards China, one of Europe's main trading partners.
And that collective pressure seems to be working as, one by one, the leaders of the biggest EU countries indicate they might stay away.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they never intended to go to Beijing.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy, who will chair the EU during the Olympic Games, has suggested they might consider boycotting the event unless China opens a dialogue with the Dalai Lama to find a political solution to the unrest.
Americas
Train wreck: U.S. derailment causes fiery scene
The derailment Monday afternoon — the CSX train was carrying more than 100 tankers of crude oil — pushed at least one tanker into a river, ignited at least 14 tankers in all, and sent a fireball hundreds of feet into the sky, officials and residents said. Part of the derailed train slammed into a house. Hundreds of families have been evacuated and authorities shut down two water treatment plants threatened by oil seeping into the river. Fires were still burning nearly nine hours after the accident. One injury has been reported: a case of smoke inhalation.
It was a little scary. It was like an atomic bomb went off. David McClung, who said they felt the heat from one of the explosions at their home about a half mile away
The crash occurred amid a winter storm, with as much as 5 inches of snow in some nearby places. It's not clear if the weather had anything to do with the derailment, officials said. Responding to a series of fiery train crashes, including one this spring in Lynchburg, Va., the U.S. government proposed rules in July that would phase out tens of thousands of older tank cars that carry increasing quantities of crude oil and other highly flammable liquids. It's not clear how old the tankers were on the derailed train.
Donald Trump's longtime tax accountant on Tuesday rejected the idea that the Republican nominee deserves any of the credit for employing complex strategies to lower their tax bill and those of their companies.
“I did all the tax preparation,” Jack Mitnick told “Inside Edition” on Tuesday. “He never saw the product until it was presented to them for signature.”
The interview followed a damning report Saturday by The New York Times, which obtained part of Trump's 1995 tax returns showing that the business person declared a loss that year of more than $900 million, a loss that tax experts said Trump could have used to avoid paying income taxes for nearly 20 years.
Rather than deny the report, Trump and their advisers claimed that not paying income taxes was proof of Trump's “genius.”
“I understand the tax laws better than almost anyone,” Trump told a rally crowd in Colorado on Monday, “and that is why I am one that can truly fix them.” They added that “fixing our broken tax code is one of the main reasons I'm running for president.”
Yet according to Mitnick, Trump had no part in preparing their taxes over the years. “I'm the one who did all the work,” Mitnick said.
Earlier this year, Trump released a photo of themselves signing a tax return.
Signing a recent tax return- isn't this ridiculous? pic.twitter.com/UdwqF4iZIZ — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 25, 2016
Mitnick worked for Trump and their father, Fred Trump, for nearly 30 years, from the 1960s until 1996. They told “Inside Edition” that they recognized the tax returns because at the time, their computer couldn't print a number as large as the loss Trump declared in their 1995 returns: $915,729,293. “The numbers had to be put in there with a typewriter,” they said.
Yet even as Mitnick's interview was airing on TV, Trump's vice presidential running mate, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, was busy hailing Trump's “brilliant” exploitation of the tax code. “He used the tax code just the way it's supposed to be used, and they did it brilliantly,” Pence said.
Image caption Singapore wants to strengthen its position as a financial centre
The Singapore stock exchange (SGX) has unveiled a multi-billion dollar bid for the company that owns the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) in Sydney.
If approved, the $8.3bn takeover would mark the first stock exchange merger in the Asia Pacific region.
The deal would enhance Singapore as a major financial hub in the region and benefit Australian investors by giving them greater access to Asian markets.
A merged exchange would hope to compete more effectively with Hong Kong.
ASX shares soared more than 20% to A$43.49 ($43.17) after the announcement, while SGX shares fell back 4.35% to S$9.13 ($7.05).
Image caption SGX's Magnus Bocker (left) and ASX's Robert Elstone have agreed the deal
A merger would create the second-largest exchange in the region by number of companies listed with 2,700 quoted firms.
However, in terms of market value of the companies listed, the new exchange would still lag behind Hong Kong, Tokyo and Shanghai.
SGX chief executive Magnus Bocker, said: "The capital flow we see today is really changing from West to East. This will be the gateway to Asian capital markets."
The Singapore bid values ASX at A$48 ($47.50) per share, nearly 40% higher its latest traded price before the announcement.
The offer is made up of A$22 plus 3.473 SGX shares for each ASX share.
Any merger deal would require approval by the regulatory authorities in both countries.
Graeme Samuel, the chairperson of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, said they did not see any potential problems with the proposed deal.
"I think it's a matter between the Singapore Exchange and the Australian exchange, and I can't see that raising competition issues for us."
With trans polygamy being the next great civil rights frontier, of course, RuPaul's Drag Race alumna Alaska has posed with polyamorous drag superstar Derrick Barry and Mackenzie Claude (aka Nebraska Thunderfuck) for an exciting new photoshoot promoting the trans polygamy lifestyle. See the pics after the jump.
Writes Mackenzie: “You remember The Haus of Thunderfuck, when Miss Alaska was kind enough to make me over into Nebraska Thunderfuck. It was such an incredible experience I decided to return the favor! So Derrick Barry and I brought Alaska to Las Vegas and made them over into one of us… A polygamist! To top it off we turned it into an entire photoshoot with commercial photographer Felix Eduardo. The clothing in the photos was supplied by Dillards and chosen by Stylist Russel Frank. The horse & ranch were supplied by Maribeth Jalepes.”
President Barack Obama held a narrow lead over former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney among likely Pennsylvania voters as the election headed into its final full week, according to a new Franklin & Marshall College poll.
Up by 9 percentage points in the same poll a month ago, Mr. Obama's lead shrank to 49 percent to 45 percent in F&M's latest poll, conducted between Oct. 23 and Sunday.
In the U.S. Senate race, Democratic Sen. Bob Casey led Republican Tom Smith by 46 percent to 36 percent among likely voters. Mr. Casey, whose lead was shrinking in other recent polls, led by 10 points in the F&M poll last month, too.
The poll surveyed 547 likely voters and has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.2 percentage points.
F&M surveyed a total of 849 registered voters with this number including people who were less certain they would vote. The registered voter survey, the basis for the other questions about the presidential and Senate races, has a margin of error of plus or minus 3.4 percentage points.
The election is Tuesday.
G. Terry Madonna, Ph.D., the F&M poll director, said the first debate clearly helped raise Mr. Romney's standing in the eyes of Pennsylvania voters while the second and third debates helped Mr. Obama slow their challenger's momentum.
The tightening Pennsylvania polls also gave the Romney campaign and Restore Our Future, a super political action committee that backs him, a reason to begin advertising this week on television in Pennsylvania for the first time, Dr. Madonna said. The Obama campaign has responded in kind.
"But it's a tough sled, it's not going to be easy," Dr. Madonna said.
Despite trailing, Mr. Romney, a Republican, can take heart that the state's most veteran pollster, Dr. Madonna, had them much closer to the Democratic president than a month earlier. Compared to last month, Mr. Romney also had a higher favorability rating and more voter confidence that they were most prepared to fix the economy.
In September, only about a third of registered voters (34 percent) saw Mr. Romney strongly or somewhat favorably, but that surged to more than four in 10 voters (43 percent). All of that increase came among people who saw them strongly favorably. The percentages of people who saw Mr. Romney either strongly or somewhat unfavorably also declined sharply from more than half (53 percent) to less than half (46 percent). About one in eight voters (12 percent) said they were undecided or had not heard enough to have an opinion about him, about the same as last month (13 percent).
Mr. Romney reversed their standing on preparedness to fix the economy.
In September, Mr. Obama had the edge on who is most prepared to fix the economy, 47 percent to 43 percent, but the latest poll had Romney at 47 percent, Mr. Obama at 42 percent.
A clear majority also disapprove of Mr. Obama's job performance. Less than half (46 percent) rated them doing an excellent or good job and more than half (53 percent) disapproved and said they are doing only a fair or poor job.
The poll had plenty to please the Obama campaign, too.
Their polling lead here has proven durable, despite Mr. Romney's rise the last month. The new F&M poll is the 41st consecutive since February to show the president on top in a head-to-head match up with Mr. Romney, according to RealClearPolitics.com.
Also, more than nine in 10 voters (91 percent) said they were certain in their choice for president, giving Mr. Romney little room to gain ground.
The 9 percent still making up their mind among people who named a candidate and the 5 percent still entirely undecided could still turn the race to Mr. Romney, Dr. Madonna said.
"But it's a tough sled, it's not going to be easy," they said.
Mr. Obama remains more favorably seen by voters than Mr. Romney. Half of voters (50 percent) rated them strongly or somewhat favorably with less than half (45 percent) rating them strongly or somewhat unfavorably. Only one in 16 voters (6 percent) were undecided about them and none said they had not heard enough about them to have an opinion.
Voters also rated the president higher in other questions.
More than half (54 percent) said they best understands the concerns of ordinary Americans compared to fewer than four in 10 (39 percent) for Mr. Romney, though that was a 12-point decline for Mr. Obama since the last poll.
Mr. Obama also maintained substantial leads on the questions of who would better handle the job of commander in chief and who is most prepared to handle foreign policy, though Mr. Romney cut into both those advantages, too.
More than half (51 percent) rated Mr. Obama higher on the commander-in-chief question compared to about four in 10 (42 percent) for Mr. Romney. An even larger majority (56 percent) rated Mr. Obama higher on the foreign policy question. Fewer than four in 10 (37 percent) rated Mr. Romney higher.
In the Senate race, the poll shows Mr. Smith's surge the last month abated as Mr. Casey began airing substantially more television commercials.
The senator's favorability/unfavorability ratings remained only somewhat better than Mr. Smith's in the latest poll.
Mr. Casey stood at more than a third of voters (36 percent) viewing them favorably and almost a third (31 percent) unfavorably compared to fewer than three in 10 (28 percent) favorable and unfavorable for Mr. Smith.
Mr. Casey's job performance rating also remained mediocre for an incumbent with fewer than four in 10 voters (37 percent) rating it excellent or good and more than half (51 percent) fair or poor.
The evidence of Mr. Smith's surge slowing shows up in their favorability rating. Though Mr. Smith's rating rose from two in 10 voters (20 percent) to almost three in 10 (28 percent) in the last month, their unfavorability rating rose sharply, too - from less than 2 in 10 voters (18 percent) to almost three in 10 voters (28 percent).
"The Casey campaign allowed Smith to do to them what Romney allowed Obama to do over the summer," Dr. Madonna said. "And that is, in Casey's case, to define them as senator zero, as ineffective, as a big-spending liberal Democrat. Only in the last three weeks has Casey responded with their own positive commercials. And Smith still has a name recognition problem."
Almost half of voters (45 percent) said they remained undecided in their opinion of Mr. Smith had not heard enough about them to form an opinion. About a third (33 percent) said that about Mr. Casey, a reason their poll numbers slumped the past month, Dr. Madonna said.
"Casey's support was soft," they said. "Too many people did not know who they were and what they were doing exactly. Smith filled in the blanks negatively and Casey's now responded positively and now has built up" a solid lead.
Contact the writer: bkrawczeniuk@timesshamrock.com
The Chinook salmon or King salmon - a favorite of anglers on Lake Michigan - is in decline. That's because it's starving. According to a study by Michigan State University, the population of the salmon's only prey - a small invasive fish called the alewife - has dropped by more than half since 2002.
Ironically, other invasives - zebra and quagga mussels - are eating the alewives' food.
As a result, the Michigan Department of Natural Resources has been stocking fewer King salmon. King salmon is a major draw for tourists and other anglers, says Eric Conder of Big Bird Charters in St. Joseph:
“Oh it's a much bigger fish. Brute strength when they get ahold of your line, they peel that line out and you could be fighting that fish for 15, 20 minutes. Strong fish, clean fish. Powerhouse,” they say.
While this could be bad news for Michigan's sport fishing industry, it's likely good news for the lake's native species.
Sara Adlerstein is one of the authors of the MSU study. They say, in 1966, the DNR started stocking King Salmon for two reasons: to eat alewives and to create a better fishery. With most of the alewives gone, Adlerstein says there's no ecological need for the DNR to stock King Salmon in the lake.
“So you have those two - one invasive and an exotic - out of the system. Then you can start seeing recovery from the native food web Lake trout and walleye, Yellow perch, and Lake whitefish,” they say.
While the salmon themselves don't hurt the lake, you can't have King salmon in Lake Michigan without alewives. And while alewives serve as food for several fish in the lake, Adlerstein says they also keep native fish from reproducing.
“They were feeding, for example, on eggs and larvae of some of the native species,” they say.
Even if alewives don't eat the eggs, Jay Wesley of the DNR says they have other ways to destroy them. They produce an enzyme that cuts down vitamin B levels in native fish like Lake trout.
“As a result of that Lake trout egg survival is very poor. So with lake trout now finding other food items such as round gobies - which is another invasive species - their issues with that low vitamin B are starting to go away. So we're starting to see more natural reproduction of Lake trout,” says Wesley.
Because of the decline in alewives, Wesley says the DNR has been forced to stock fewer King Salmon.
“We're basically just trying to balance predator and prey ratio out there,” they say.
That makes charter captains like Link and Conder nervous. Sport fishing is a multi-billion dollar industry in Michigan. John Matson is a sport fishing guide on the Pere Marquette River - one of the rivers where the salmon spawn.
Matson says if salmon populations continue to drop, that could have a huge economic impact on the state.
“You're talking about affecting small towns like you know our river town is Baldwin. And you're going to take a big chunk of income away from the whole town. There's no question,” they say.
For now, Jay Wesley says the DNR will continue to stock roughly 1.7 million King salmon in Lake Michigan. Though the DNR says it may stop stocking the fish if its numbers get too low.
As for the fishing industry, it's probably too early to tell what effect low King salmon numbers will have on business. Fishing guide John Matson says it will be about three to four years - the average lifespan of a King salmon - before we'll know.
“We didn't catch them good last year. I'm still booked solid for this year. So it'll be next year or the year after that I'll be able to tell you for sure if these folks are still going to come up here and want to go fishing,” they say.
Click here to learn more about the King Salmon.
You can stay in touch with WMUK news on Facebook, Twitter, and by signing up for our eNewsletter.
For several months, it's been clear that the Wizards were going to make the playoffs for the first time since 2008. And for several months, I've been waiting for Washington to get excited.
The situations aren't exactly analogous, but I've been doing this long enough to have seen other D.C. teams make the playoffs after lengthy droughts and serious depths of badness. The Wizards and Redskins in 2005. The Caps in 2008. The Nats in 2012. In each of these cases, the general excitement seemed to crescendo over the last few weeks of the season. The home playoff games, when applicable, were electric. The casual fans, as I recall, were drawn in. It felt like something was happening.
For these Wizards — and I'm only speaking anecdotally — it hasn't seemed to have happened. Maybe it still will. But I haven't sensed it. Neither has Jason Reid, who mentioned this issue in their Monday column:
The Wizards haven't generated the type of buzz you would expect during a season in which they've become something they haven't been in a long time: an interesting team….The Wizards have something to offer. All you have to do is look.
If there's any doubt, I would love to sense that buzz, because casual interest leads to casual page views. And with the Caps at home, Bullets Fever would be good for business.
Anyhow, a few of the most dedicated Wizards Watchers and I were discussing this issue last week, and I thought it deserved a wider airing. Here, then are five different views on why these Wizards haven't set Washington on fire, especially compared to the 2005 playoff team. Please add your own theories below.
Ben Standig, Comcast SportsNet (Read their work here)
The last five [non-playoff] seasons, yikes. Yet before 2005, the Wizards went to the postseason just once in 16 seasons. Folks were thirsty, my friend. Anyway, rather than discuss other possible factors — hey, it's hard to love again after your significant other kicks you in the teeth for the third time — I'll focus on the season's odd flow.
Because of a solid start amid the Eastern Conference's overall ugliness, initial excitement over the Wizards likely participating in the playoffs came in December and January. At that point, they were third or fourth in the East. From there came a gradual descent to the current sixth slot. The Wizards haven't won more than two straight since March 1. Only once all seasons did they win more than three in a row. Heck, Nene's recent knee injury came during the season-high six game winning streaks.
Overall, the team made positive strides. Inability to sustain momentum — or sign DeSean Jackson — has at present left something of an enthusiasm gap. If John Wall and the Wizards can replicate what Steph Curry and the Warriors did in last season's postseason, hello bandwagon.
Mike Prada, Bullets Forever and SB Nation (Read their work here)
I definitely think there's less buzz, for two reasons. One is that a large portion of the fan base distrusts management. It's the same general manager that survived Gungate when the rest of the organization needed and got a fresh start. It's the lead assistant of that team, promoted to head coach and still here. It's a little odd to hear the organization talk so much about making itself over into a professional outfit when the coach and GM are holdovers from the previous era.
In almost every thread about a happy moment on the site, there's at least one person saying, “Hey, this is great…but it might mean Ernie and Randy are coming back next year and that's bad.”
The other is that there hasn't really been that signature moment or stretch. The team started slow against a rough road schedule, got those games back when the schedule softened and has largely stayed at the same level. No long winning or losing streaks. There have been a couple signature wins, but unlike Toronto, Chicago or Brooklyn, there hasn't been that one stretch that's rallied the fanbase.
I hope I'm wrong about this, but I don't think they sell out [first-round] home games unless they play Miami…and then the building will be overrun by Heat fans.
Scott Jackson, ESPN 980 (Listen to their work here)
I do think there is less buzz for this year's Wizards playoff team compared to the 2005 team. Part of that is in 2005 it was the first playoff appearance in seven years, and only the second since 1988. So hoops fans were starving for some playoff basketball. It was also the first playoffs in D.C. at Verizon Center.
I also hear from a lot of fans that don't trust the front office no matter what they do.
The East is historically bad, and yet the Wizards have yet to find a lot of momentum. If they had finished as the 3rd seed, I think the excitement level would be much higher.
Mike Wise, The Post (Read their work here)
When the Wizards entered the playoffs in 2005, they were only a year removed from Jerry Stackhouse and 25 wins, and still just two years from the ugly end of the Jordan era.
In 2014, it's four-and-a-half seasons since Gilbert and Guns. It feels like Randy Wittman has been the coach for 20 years. It feels like John Wall has been trying to be a playoff point guard forever, and it feels like Ernie Grunfeld has been here for more than 10 years. Wait — Ernie has been here for more than 10 years!
It feels like it's about time, rather than, “Hey, this is a change of pace.”
Also, I think there is a diehard core of season ticket holders that just doesn't feel emotionally invested in this team yet. They are, pun intended, gun shy of getting their hearts broken again. They have seen too many inconsistent performances and nights without Nene to know this is not a team that's going to end up in the Eastern Conference finals anytime soon with this personnel.
I think the Gilbert factor cannot be discounted. While John is an incredible player, Gilbert had an aura between about 2005-2007 that literally enraptured fans, media, everyone. They were a showman off the floor and a stone-cold competitor on it. John connects with fans and is even more concerned about their legacy as a player. But they haven't become that persona nationally yet that Gilbert became.
Lastly, the Eastern Conference was a little more wide open in 2005. No one saw Detroit or Miami or Indiana as destined to win the whole thing. Those teams were slight favorites to win the East, if that. Now, it's the NBA's Star Power Team vs. the Pacers. No one sees another team coming out than one of those two. So while everyone thought the Heat would win in the second round in 2005 by five games or fewer, the Chicago series changed how the Wizards perceived themselves and how their fans perceived them.
Kyle Weidie, Truth About It (Read their work here)
Your 2014 playoff-bound Wizards keep an eclectic company of bummers contributing to the perceived malaise of fans this time around.
Yes, there's the adage about transience in a federal city, the increasingly enhanced home game-watching experience, and more and more fans focusing their efforts on individual talent instead of team loyalty. But in Washington there still remains a deep distrust from years as Les Boulez that four straight playoffs appearances from '05 to '08 did little to sway.
The Wiz only got to the second round once during that run, and injuries rendered the last two appearances mere tokens that would only work in a claw crane prize machine sitting somewhere along a dilapidated Fun Street. The dysfunction that came with the end of the Abe Pollin era, the Big 3's run that never was, and the Gilbert Arenas grab-bag treating the Verizon Center as their own personal shark tank further polluted the water.
New ownership has stumbled through the unenviable task of rebuilding with the same company president who drowned them in debt and disenchanted stockholders. And ultimately, the stigma surrounding the name ‘Wizards' and what it's meant for so many years hangs over just the sixth over-.500 campaign since 1987, a year which marked the end of 19 playoff appearances in the team's first 24 seasons as the Bullets and the beginning of a long, dark period that only Cézanne's palette knife could appreciate.
People realize that John Wall is an All-Star and that there are tons of artistry in Bradley Beal, but that's not enough to make them believe. The simple joys of a first-round playoff win, and the national attention that comes with it, would be a good start.
Dick Van Dyke: Pod of porpoises saved me from death after I fell asleep on my surfboard
Dick Van Dyke has revealed an extraordinary story about how they were saved by porpoises after they drifted out to sea on their surfboard.
Van Dyke, 84, says the porpoises may have saved their lives by pushing them back to shore.
They told a U.S. chat show that they used to be a keen surfer, using a 10ft ‘long board' off Virginia Beach on the U.S. East Coast.
Wacky tale: Dick Van Dyke recounted the story of their lucky escape on the Craig Ferguson show
‘I went out once and fell asleep on that board and I woke up out of sight of land,' said Van Dyke, the star of Mary Poppins and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
‘And I looked around and I started paddling with the swells, and I started seeing fins swimming around me. I thought, “I'm dead”.'
‘They turned out to be porpoises. They pushed me all the way to shore – I'm not kidding.'
A sprightly-looking Van Dyke told chat show host Craig Ferguson they ‘doesn't surf any more' but did not say when the incident with the porpoises happened.
Lifesaver: Mr Van Dyke said the pod of porpoises pushed them all the way to shore
Nobody knows why porpoises and their close relatives, dolphins, will protect humans but they do the same for their own kind as well as whales, prompting scientists to conclude they may be the only species other than humans that displays altruism.
In 1996, a British tourist, Martin Richardson, was attacked by a shark while swimming with three dolphins off the coast of Egypt in the Gulf of Aqaba. The dolphins surrounded them and kept the shark at bay by slapping the water surface until they could be pulled to safety.
In 2007, surfer Todd Endris was saved by a pod of bottlenose dolphins off Monterey, California, after a great white shark had bitten them three times. They formed a ring around them until they were able to re-mount their board and surf to shore.
Van Dyke was greeted by rapturous applause by Ferguson's studio audience, joking: ‘Do they remember me?'
Screen icon: Van Dyke (far left) with Julie Andrews (right) in Mary Poppins
The star, who was appearing to promote a DVD edition of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, pointed out that an excerpt of the film in which they were driving their children in the flying car had to be shot in France because ‘the sun never shines in the British Isles'.
Teased by Ferguson about their famously awful Cockney accent as Bert, the chimney sweep in Mary Poppins, the actor replied: ‘The British have been kidding me about my cockney accent for 40 years now.'
They added: ‘You know why? They gave me a [voice] coach who was Irish. Pat O'Malley.'
Van Dyke made their screen debut on the Phil Silvers Show in 1957 before starring in their own TV sitcom in the 1960s.
 They are still performing and will be returning to the stage in Los Angeles next month in Step In Time!, a musical memoir of their singing and dancing career.
Once asked how they could still keep performing, they said: ‘The secret to keeping moving is keeping moving.'
A half-Indian with an elephant trainer's licence was crowned Miss Japan on Monday, striking a blow to those demanding a ‘pure' Japanese pageant queen.
Priyanka Yoshikawa's tearful victory comes a year after Ariana Miyamoto faced an ugly, racist backlash for becoming the first black woman to represent Japan.
Social media lit up after Miyamoto's trail-blazing triumph as critics complained that Miss Universe Japan should not have gone to a “haafu” -- Japanese for “half”, a word used to describe mixed race.
“Before Ariana, haafu girls couldn't represent Japan,” Yoshikawa said after their exotic Bollywood looks helped sweep them to the title.
“That's what I thought too. I didn't doubt it or challenge it until this day. Ariana encouraged me a lot by showing me and showing all mixed girls the way.”
Yoshikawa, born in Tokyo to an Indian father and a Japanese mother, vowed to continue the fight against racial prejudice in homogenous Japan, where multiracial children make up just two percent of those born annually.
“I think it means we have to let it in,” said the 22-year-old when asked what it signified for them and Miyamoto to break down cultural barriers.
“We are Japanese. Yes, I'm half Indian and people are asking me about my ‘purity' -- yes, my dad is Indian and I'm proud of it, I'm proud that I have Indian in me. But that does not mean I'm not Japanese.”
Yoshikawa, like Miyamoto, was bullied because of their skin colour after returning to Japan aged 10 following three years in Sacramento and a further year in India.
Priyanka Yoshikawa walks during the Miss World Japan 2016 Beauty Pageant in Tokyo on September 5, 2016. (AFP)
Mahatma Gandhi's visit
“I know a lot of people who are haafu and suffer,” said Yoshikawa, an avid kick-boxer whose politician great-grandfather once welcomed Mahatma Gandhi for a two-week stay at their home in Kolkata.
“We have problems, we've been struggling and it hurts. When I came back to Japan, everyone thought I was a germ,” they added.
“Like if they touched me they would be touching something bad. But I'm thankful because that made me really strong.”
Yoshikawa, who speaks fluent Japanese and English and towered over their rivals at 1.76 metres (5 ft, 8 ins), will contest for the Miss World crown in Washington this December.
“When I'm abroad, people never ask me what mix I am,” said Yoshikawa, who earned their elephant trainer's licence to add spice to their resume.
“As Miss Japan, hopefully I can help change perceptions so that it can be the same here too. The number of people with mixed race is only going to increase, so people have to accept it.”
Priyanka Yoshikawa smiles as they hold the trophy after winning the Miss Japan title during the Miss World Japan 2016 Beauty Pageant in Tokyo on September 5, 2016. (AFP)
Reaction to Yoshikawa's victory failed initially to trigger any real outrage, although predictably some were unhappy.
“What's the point of holding a pageant like this now? Zero national characteristics,” grumbled one Twitter user, while another fumed: “It's like we're saying a pure Japanese face can't be a winner.”
As the Japanese government continues to push its “Cool Japan” brand overseas to entice foreign tourists for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, Yoshikawa promised to win over any doubters.
“There was a time as a kid when I was confused about my identity,” they admitted. “But I've lived in Japan so long now I feel Japanese.”
First Published: Sep 05, 2016 18:49 IST
The number of active Pokémon GO players has dipped dramatically since the game launched and over time it has struggled to keep people coming back.
Limited time events (such as the forthcoming holiday event) don't seem to be solving the active users problem and so Pokémon GO developer Niantic is rolling out a new solution. Inactive players have begun to receive emails from Niantic that offer them huge rewards if they return to the game.
According to screenshots of the email, Niantic is offering inactive Pokémon GO players two Super Incubators (which hatch eggs much faster) as well as a Premium Raid Pass. Players must redeem a code to gain the rewards and the email explains that the code is only valid for three days.
The email also mentions the new dynamic weather system feature as well as the introduction of more Gen 3 Pokémon. Niantic is hopeful that the promo code, combined with the arrival of new gameplay features, will be enough to get fans back on board.
Niantic will be reliant on the existing Pokémon GO player base more than ever as time goes on. The game was not in the list of the top 20 most downloaded games on iOS and while it's unclear how the game is performing on Android, this data does indicate that the game is not drawing in players as it used to. This means that Niantic will have to make the most of current Pokémon GO players – both active and inactive – in order to make money and keep the game going.
However, some fans may argue that Niantic will need to do a lot more than just throw loot at lapsed players to keep Pokémon GO going. The rewards will get those players to come back to the game, but what can the developer do to actually keep them playing it regularly? Pokémon GO players have said that they are feeling very discouraged and don't believe a couple of Super Incubators will solve this problem.
Something that will make a greater impact, though, is the rollout of more gameplay features. The dynamic weather system is a start but other additions such as the highly anticipated PvP and trading features will also make a big difference. Active and inactive players will agree that the sooner these features are introduced, the better.
Pokémon GO is available for Android and iOS devices.
Neil Young in "Neil Young Journeys" Neil Young: "I'm back in the same place" Interview: Neil Young compares recording to animals and White Castle, and shares a trip home in the film "Journeys"
In 2005, Jonathan Demme filmed Neil Young and their band for "Heart of Gold," a documentary that served as a Valentine to Nashville's Ryman Auditorium and celebrated the extended family of musicians that Young had surrounded themselves over the years.
Seven years later, Demme and Young's third film together is a notably sadder affair. For for most of the 87 minutes of "Neil Young: Journeys," the musician is alone: onstage at Toronto's Massey Hall, with only their Les Paul for company, or milling about backstage, taking a swing of beer and sucking on a few orange wedges before returning for an encore. Demme intercuts the concert performances with footage of Young driving to the venue from their hometown of Omemee (the "town in North Ontario" mentioned in "Helpless") and although Demme's riding shotgun, he's a silent observer, hanging back and letting Young muse about distant memories.
Advertisement:
Popping up everywhere in both the songs (most of them from 2010's noisily ragged "Le Noise") and the stories are the ghosts of friends and lovers — and even the four Kent State victims, pictured onscreen as Young runs through a particularly rageful version of "Ohio."
As close as Demme's camera gets to Neil — detailing whiskers, spittle, and the frayed threads of their hat — there are ways in which the seems to remain sealed off from the outside world. After Young and their brother Bob visit the razed site of their childhood home, there's a pause. "Yep," Young exhales, and then slams shut the door to their car, leaving the past behind.
The idea of looking back has always seemed to both beguile and unsettle Young; the man who's written an album's worth of songs about ancient tribes has also embraced punk rock, the vocoder and emerging technology. Earlier this year they announced the development of Pono, a new audio format and streaming subscription service meant to dethrone the MP3. On a sunny afternoon in early June, Neil Young showed up with Jonathan Demme at the Parker Meridian hotel in a cheerful, relaxed mood, ready to tackle the past and the future before a small group of writers.
You put a lot of effort into the sound recording of "Journeys." But at one point in the film, you're driving around in that 1956 Crown Victoria, pointing to the puny car stereo speaker and saying, "I don't give a shit if the speaker's this big — I can listen to that."
Young: Yeah, the size of the speaker doesn't matter to me, it's the resolution coming through the speakers.
So it's more about making sure that the original document is as good as possible?
Advertisement:
Young: Yeah. Visualize a donkey, okay, and earphones and everything are all working on the back end of the donkey. We know what the back end of the donkey's all about, so I say feed the mouth of the donkey really good stuff and then when you get the back end of the donkey you're going to get you know what the donkey decided to give you out of some really good stuff. If you go to White Castle and have a slider, you know, it tastes good, but if you go to a really good restaurant and have some slow food, it's absolutely the best that you can get, and makes you feel a lot better. So that's what I'm talking about with music.
Demme: More than any other thing we've done, or anybody's done, this is really a sound-dependent movie. They've got to deliver the sound so you can feel it, not just hear it. Like at first it's like "is that a mistake," you know it's so like "Whoa, was that some kind of crazed feedback or something?" The big thing with the movie, was like, if we can't capture that visceral feeling then we shouldn't do the movie. And I think there are very few pictures that have that, like maybe SenSurround Titanic, maybe.
Young: It's prepared guitar, it's a prepared instrument, it's not just plugged in. So there's more to it then you would expect and it's like the fantastic voyage kind of like into music, you get to go farther into the sound and there are no distractions. You're not used to hearing something this mammoth-sounding without crunching bass or crunching drums or surrounded by some sort of industrial noise, so you just get so far into it that it's a different experience kind of like the fantastic voyage into music. You're in another position than you're used to being in and there are no distractions, you're so close to the electric guitar when it's playing. This completely exposes it. It's Robert Mapplethorpe.
That roaring guitar is especially notable in "Peaceful Valley Boulevard," which is about the wheel of progress, and mirrors the journey from Omemee to Toronto.
Advertisement:
Demme: What's cool is that by going back to this little town, which is unspoiled, it's kind of like a time warpy thing. Then you go from a little town through farmland, you start seeing some development, you start seeing land torn up to make way for more developments, and then you're on the freeway, which I find terrifying every time I look up. I'm like 'oh Neil, be careful,' (makes car honking sound, laughs) then he's in the big city and it's like a country boy showing up in the city. (laughs) "Be careful, Neil!"
Then the journey ends at Massey Hall.
Young: Well you know I just it was a important moment in my performing life, the first time I played Massey Hall because it was the first time I really came to Toronto and played. It was an important thing, you know — my parents were there, my friends from school were there, I was coming back from from L.A. and Buffalo Springfield, you know from obscurity basically. And so maybe 40 years later I'm back in the same place. As we go get closer to the city we go to places that we lived — and we lived there a long time ago — and I'm just always commenting on, "Oh, this is gone, and they're tearing that down," and "They put a nuclear power plant here, and this is where my paper route used to be and now it's covered with subdivisions." It was like I had to go through my whole life to get back there, and...you know, you still arrive at the same place.
Smarter Inter-App motion
Rajesh Blocked Unblock Follow May 10, 2015
Material Design brought in a whole new look to android with 5.0 Lollipop. Motion design was big part of the story. Motion graphic design is a subset of graphic design in that it uses graphic design principles through the use of animation. According to the Material Design specifications, every state change should animate to and fro. If you have used lollipop, you know what I am referring to. But the only problem is everything doesn't animate yet and it leaves you wanting more. It hit me when I saw this dribble post from a Googler few months back. Yes, I am talking about smarter inter-app animations. Take for example maps app, go to some address, tap share and select an app to share and watch what happens. Did you notice?
The experience is very disconnected. There is no smooth animation between the apps. Source app is not aware of the destination app's design elements. The handshake between 2 apps is rather rudimentary.
How should it actually happen?
Take for example, if address needs to be shared from Google Maps to Hangouts. In a smarter material world, this is how it should orchestrate itself :
On hitting the share button in maps app, viewport should seamlessly transform into a mini map card. Textual address should elegantly tween into a map pin, dropping from the top as it forms the entire shareable object.
Map card should then use the elevation API to float above the Maps app (as in image above) while Hangouts app is sliding from the bottom to take precedence.
While Map card is floating on top of sliding hangouts window, map card should start wrapping itself in hangout bubble, ready to be sent.
Last step is of course hitting the send button where it slides the map card wrapped in a bubble from the text area into the chat area.
Inter-app motion should sequence itself to make the experience of using multiple apps on the phone seamlessly invisible. Shorter term, Google can allow developers to expose their design elements within an activity to other apps and achieve seamless app switching.
Longer term, Android needs to be way smarter to know the design elements of each activity and then accordingly apply transform motion between activities. Is Google working on this? Most probably.
The North Carolina Tar Heels wrapped up their regular season with a 25-6 straight up and 12-17-2 against the spread record to lock up the top seed in their conference. The Tar Heels now turn their attention to the ACC Tournament in Washington, D.C.
North Carolina is a +185 favorite on the odds to win the ACC Tournament according to sportsbooks monitored by OddsShark.com. Despite having advanced to the ACC Tournament championship game in four of the last five seasons, the Tar Heels haven't won the conference tournament since doing so in back-to-back years in 2007-08.
North Carolina's tournament will kick off on Thursday against the winner of Wednesday's No. 8 Pittsburgh (+1600 to win the tournament) vs. No. 9 Syracuse (+2500) game.
The No. 2 Virginia Cavaliers are virtually co-favorites to win the ACC Tournament this season, going off at +220 on the college basketball odds to do so. Virginia went 24-6 SU this season and finished with a strong run down the stretch going 8-2 SU and ATS over its last 10 games.
The Cavaliers won their first championship since 1976 in 2014 and are looking to finish off another strong season this year on a high note. The winner of Wednesday's No. 7 Clemson (+2500) vs. No. 10 Georgia Tech matchup advances to play Virginia on Thursday.
No. 5 Duke (+425) stumbled to the finish line in the regular season with a 2-3 SU and 1-3-1 ATS record over its last five games, but the Blue Devils will have a chance to get things turned around before the NCAA Tournament with a strong showing in the ACC Tournament this week.
The Blue Devils have gone 8-0 on the UNDER in their last eight games per the OddsShark College Basketball Database. Duke faces the winner of Tuesday's No. 12 North Carolina State vs. No. 13 Wake Forest game on Wednesday, and the winner of that game will advance to take on No. 4 Notre Dame (+1400) on Thursday.
The No. 3 Miami Hurricanes (+450) went 8-2 SU and 7-3 ATS over their last 10 regular season games. No. 11 Florida State (+3300) clashes with No. 14 Boston College on Tuesday for a chance to play No. 6 Virginia Tech on Wednesday. The winner of Wednesday's game will go up against Miami on Thursday.
2016 ACC Tournament Odds
North Carolina +185
Virginia +220
Duke +425
Miami +450
Notre Dame +1400
Pittsburgh +1600
Syracuse +2500
Clemson +2500
Florida State +3300
Field +3300
View matchup data and updated lines at OddsShark.com
Teneriffe murder-suicide: Police not responsible for Marcus Volke's death after they dismembered girlfriend
Updated
A stab wound to the neck after a night of arguing caused the death of a young Indonesian woman at the hands of their chef-partner in a trendy inner-Brisbane apartment in 2014, Queensland coroner Terry Ryan has ruled.
They found police who responded to the incident could not have prevented Marcus Volke, 27, from harming themselves after they fled from responding officers.
Mayang Prasetyo, 27, also known as Febri Andriansyah, was then dismembered by Volke before they attempted to dispose of their body parts by dissolving them with chemicals.
It was not long before the horrid crime that the pair had moved to Brisbane – they had met at a Melbourne adult club a year earlier and travelled through Asia and Europe together before settling in Queensland.
This week, a coronial inquest heard Volke married Ms Prasetyo, a transgender woman, in Denmark in August 2013 – but it was a union of convenience – Ms Prasetyo helped Volke get work to pay off a credit card debt, while they assisted them in obtaining a visa.
Emails between Volke and a former partner indicated their relationship with Ms Prasetyo was a volatile one and by October 2014 it had deteriorated to a point that neighbours in their Teneriffe apartment block heard arguments over a period of several hours.
Mr Ryan also noted Ms Prasetyo's death was clearly a case of domestic violence, but given they had little interaction with local support networks they were not able to identify any opportunities for intervention that were missed.
They acknowledged the existence of domestic violence in LGBTI relationships and the need for the community to address it so stories like Ms Prasetyo's were not lost.
Fatal stabbing inflicted by Volke
The inquest heard Ms Prasetyo was screaming, calling Volke "stupid" about 2:00am on October 3.
That was the last anyone saw or heard of Ms Prasetyo until their remains were found by police more than 36 hours later – some in a stockpot on the kitchen floor and others wrapped in garbage bags in the washing machine.
Mr Ryan concluded Ms Prasestyo was stabbed by Volke and their body cut into pieces – their blood was found throughout the apartment.
Sometime during the argument or ensuing attack Volke suffered a cut to their hand which they had treated and bandaged at a Brisbane hospital in the hours afterwards.
They also purchased a range of items from a nearby supermarket, including rubber gloves, bleach, a meat cleaver, stockpot and strainer.
Foul smell led to discovery
Within hours of the murder a foul smell began to permeate from the couple's apartment, raising the suspicions of the building's managers.
Volke had tried to dissolve Ms Prasetyo's remains using chemicals including caustic soda heated on the stove top.
An electrician was called when a boilover shorted the building's power supply — requiring the managers to inspect the apartment — Volke told them they were cooking a pork broth.
Noticing blood, the managers called police.
Police not initially suspicious
As far as first responding officers Senior Constable Bryan Reid and Constable Liam McWhinney were concerned, they were attending a simple welfare check - there was no information on police databases raising any red flags about Volke or Ms Prasetyo.
Senior Constable Reid told the inquest they noticed the smell as soon as they arrived.
"It was a bad smell, it was something I hadn't smelled before — I can't really describe it," they said.
Volke answered the door and told police they and Ms Prasetyo had fought but they had taken off and they did not know where they had gone.
Officers described them as calm and compliant – Volke admitted there was blood in the apartment and their hand had been cut.
It was not until Senior Constable Reid and Constable McWhinney asked to enter the unit they noticed a change in Volke's demeanour.
They told them they needed to tether their dogs before letting them in, but closed and locked the door and ran from the apartment.
The officers gave chase but could not locate him.
Their interactions with Volke and the ensuing chase were all recorded on their body-worn cameras, vision which was replayed during the inquest.
Discovery of body parts a 'sick prank'
When Senior Constable Reid and Constable McWhinney returned to the apartment to search it, the full picture of the crime began to emerge.
Constable McWhinney described their discovery of the stockpot containing human feet on the kitchen floor as a "sick prank" before realising it was a murder scene.
Volke's body was later discovered in a nearby industrial bin with Mr Ryan concluding they had "died as a result of their own actions".
Because Volke's death occurred while police were in attendance, it was considered a death in custody leading to the need for this week's coronial inquest.
Mr Ryan was satisfied the actions and decisions made by police were appropriate.
"Mr Volke's death could not have reasonably been prevented by attending officers," they said.
Topics: courts-and-trials, sexuality, domestic-violence, suicide, community-and-society, law-crime-and-justice, lgbt, teneriffe-4005, qld, brisbane-4000, australia
First posted
An image grab taken from a propaganda video released on July 5, 2014 by al-Furqan Media allegedly shows the leader of the Islamic State jihadist group, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi addressing Muslim worshippers at a mosque in Mosul, Iraq (AFP Photo/)
Baghdad (AFP) - The leader of the Islamic State group Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi on Thursday urged Muslims to emigrate to their self-proclaimed "caliphate", in the jihadist supremo's first audio recording in six months.
"And we call upon every Muslim in every place to perform hijrah (emigration) to the Islamic State or fight in their land wherever that may be," they said.
The voice reading the half-hour speech appeared to match previous audio recordings of Baghdadi, the latest of which was released in mid-November.
As did their previous speech, the audio tape recording released on Thursday comes a few days after media reports that they might have been seriously wounded in a strike by the US-led coalition bombing IS in Iraq and Syria.
There was no way for AFP to immediately authenticate the latest recording nor date it but Baghdadi speaks of developments in Yemen, where Saudi-led forces launched an air campaign against Shiite rebels in late March, that suggest it is recent.
Echoing their previous exhortations, Baghdadi said moving to the caliphate they declared over parts of Iraq and Syria in June 2014 or waging jihad (holy war) at home was an obligation for Muslims.
"Has the time not come for you to know that there is no might nor honour nor safety nor rights for you except in the shade of the Caliphate?," they said in the speech, transcripts of which were released in five languages.
"O Muslims, Islam was never for a day the religion of peace. Islam is the religion of war," they said, calling for mass mobilisation on the battlefield.
- 'Desperate' Saudi war -
They criticised Sunni civilians fleeing fighting in the western province of Anbar to seek shelter in Baghdad and other government-controlled areas.
"So return to your lands, and remain in your homes, and seek shelter -- after first seeking shelter with Allah -- with your people in the Islamic State, for you will find therein, by Allah's permission, a warm embrace and a safe refuge," they said.
Baghdadi lashed out at Saudi Arabia's rulers, accusing them of launching their air campaign against the Shiite Huthi rebels in Yemen only to please the West.
"Their war is nothing but an attempt to prove themselves once again to their masters from amongst the Jews and Crusaders," they said.
"It is nothing but a desperate attempt to turn the Muslims away from the Islamic State."
They also warned that IS would carry out more prison breaks, which have become one of the group's trademarks.
"I will not forget to mention the captives in the prisons of the apostate tyrants everywhere," the IS leader said.
"We will not hold back any strength or spare any effort or miss any opportunity, until we free the last one of you, with Allah's permission," they said.
More than 40 inmates, including IS militants, escaped in a prison break which IS claimed last week in the Iraqi town of Khalis.
- Raqa before Mosul -
The group, which already controlled parts of Syria, swept across the Sunni heartland of Iraq last year before proclaiming a "caliphate" and drawing record numbers of foreign fighters.
A US-led air campaign launched in August helped the central government in Baghdad and the autonomous Kurds in the north to turn the tide on IS.
The jihadists have since lost significant ground but still hold the vast province of Anbar and Mosul, the country's second city where Baghdadi was last seen in public in July.
The IS leader said in their speech they thought anti-IS forces would attack the group's strongholds in Syria before Mosul.
"We believe that their mobilisation will be for Raqa and Aleppo before Mosul. So be cautious," they said.
Baghdadi praised the fighters in Anbar, who have largely held their ground despite coalition strikes and government-led ground operations.
In some parts of the province, IS fighters have continued to advance and Baghdadi egged them on to push towards Baghdad and the holy Shiite city of Karbala.
Photo by Gage Skidmore via Flickr
You know who we haven't seen a lot of lately? Dick Cheney. It seems as though the former Vice President went under the radar for a couple of years there, keeping their head down as the George W. Bush presidency faded a tiny bit into the past.
But Cheney is back, and on September 20, you can see them live and in person at the Ronald Reagan Library in Simi Valley. Cheney is on tour to promote their new memoir, "In My Time: A Personal and Political Memoir" The book hit shelves today, and is a retelling from Cheney's perspective of their long career in politics, from the Watergate era all the way through the Bush administration.
Tickets for the event are $85, and include a book signing and lecture, as well as dinner. Cheney will be joined by their daughter, Elizabeth, with whom they collaborated to put the memoir together.
Cracks show in Chancellors Economic Plan
7 January 2016
As the Chancellor addresses business leaders in Cardiff today, the Wales Green Party's prospective Assembly candidate for South Wales Central, Amelia Womack says the cracks are showing in their economic plan.
"The Chancellor's message today was that the economic recovery remains fragile and at risk from a 'cocktail of threats'. Yet it is they who has continued to pursue an economy that is fossil fuel intensive and being propped up by foreign investment.
The Chancellor just doesn't get it. Wales has enormous potential to develop its economy through investment in renewable energy and building on local opportunities for growth. Instead of offering the Chinese huge subsidies to build new nuclear power stations as in the case, that money could be invested in clean green energy technologies and supporting local businesses threatened by cuts to the renewable energy industry.
A strong economy is a sustainable economy, where money stays in local communities, and there are no hidden clean up costs for future generations. Greens in Wales are ready to take our place in the Senedd next May and push the Welsh Government to ensure our neglected communities reap the benefits of a greener economy."
Wales Green Party RSS Feed
Back to main page
Make the Thing Crazy – In Convo with John Langan
We have developed the habit of horror on Dwarf+Giant. This goes not only for the classics and the icons of the genre, but for those making a mark, who are not yet household names. Here is John Langan, in conversation with Mackenzie Kiera – who keeps inviting these dangerous people into our cozy little corner of the interwebs. Thanks pal. If things go south, it's on you. [Our interview of The Fisherman is here.]
Mackenzie Kiera – The Fisherman is such an intricate book. How long did it take you to write?
John Langan – About twelve years, all told. From the start, there were extended periods when I set the book aside, but it was never far from my thoughts.
MK – How many phases did it go through?
JL – Really only two: the first, during which I was thinking of it as a long story, probably a novelette, possibly a novella; and the second, during which I was thinking of it as a novel.
MK – Did you always mean to write it with Lottie Schmidt's story in the middle?
JL – Yes, that was always the plan. In fact, that was where I realized that what I was writing was no longer even a novella, but something much longer.
MK – What books did you read as research for The Fisherman?
JL – Mostly Bob Steuding's The Last of the Handmade Dams: The Story of the Ashokan Reservoir (1989) and Alf Evers's The Catskills: From Wilderness to Woodstock (1972). I also made use of a documentary, Deep Water: The True Story of the Ashokan Reservoir (2002), by Tobe Carey, Bobbie Dupree, and Artie Traum. And I kept a copy of Moby Dick close at hand at all times.
MK – I have notes in my copy of The Fisherman of instances where I found references to not only Moby Dick but also to Frankenstein, Jacob's Ladder (I suppose that's more of a term than a book) and the myth of the Flying Dutchman. Did you mean to pull at these cords or did it just happen to twist together that way? I could be completely off the mark with this. I just know that ‘Call me Abe' seems to be an instant throwback to ‘Call me Ishmael.” I suppose the question I'm trying to ask is: why did you choose to blend these tales together?
JL – Yes, the allusions in the book were deliberate, especially the ones to Moby Dick. Ever since I returned to writing weird/horror fiction at the tail-end of the last century, I've been engaged in this intermittent project of writing narratives that react in some way to texts in the American literary canon; I borrowed my personal name for them from D.H. Lawrence: “Studies in Classic American Literature.” At the time I began the novel, I'd mostly written in response to Henry James's work. I'm a big fan of Melville, however, especially Moby Dick, so when I began work on what would become The Fisherman, I thought it might be fun to see what I could do with their work, so to speak. That opening line was intended to signal what I was up to to the reader. From there, as the novel progressed, it developed a centripetal pull of its own that drew in all sorts of other material.
MK – Lottie Schmidt's story. My God. It has everything. It has a sorcerer, a sleeping princess, a hero and zombies. I loved how you seamlessly invited favorite childhood characters into this book. Can you comment about these characters? Were they always like this, or did they become so?
JL -It's funny: until reading your question, it hadn't occurred to me how much the central narrative of the book exploits those fairy-tale tropes (even though I make mention of the Grimm brothers in it). Initially, my concern was with creating a backstory that would set up the conditions for the present-day narrative; as I went further into it, though, the backstory became its own wild, elaborate thing. There were moments when I wondered about reigning it in, going for a story that was more restrained, elusive, but I remembered a piece of advice the great writer Jeff Ford had given my friend, Laird Barron, when Laird was writing their first novel. You're going to be tempted, Ford said, to play it safe, to be understated. Fight that. Go for broke. Make the thing crazy. All right, I decided, that's what I'll do, too. The result includes things like the fairy-tale elements you identify. It's been my experience that my creativity, if you will, is smarter than I am; I'm frequently amazed at what it comes up with.
MK – Would you argue that Death is a character in your book?
JL – Absolutely. But I think that Death is a character in pretty much every narrative—wasn't it Don Delillo who said, “All plots end in death?”
MK – I feel like this book was a beautiful bridge between horror and literary. Did you set out, thinking that you were going to write a beautiful horror novel? Have you always leaned more towards horror in your work?
JL – I've always considered myself a horror writer; even when I was writing more in the vein of mimetic naturalism, in my twenties, my fiction tended towards the kinds of dislocations of character and experience that typify horror fiction. But I should add that I see no (necessary) split between horror and the literary. In my view, literary is an adjective, rather than a category; it's a measure of the extent to which a narrative succeeds in terms of depth of character, elegance of language, thematic resonance, etc. Anything can be literary; to borrow a term from Henry James, it just depends on the author's treatment of it.
MK – Were there any books that helped you the most or, had a profound effect on you and your work while you were writing The Fisherman?
JL – Moby Dick was front and center in my mind, but the further into the novel I went, the more I was aware of the influence of things I'd read when I was much younger, the stories of Robert E. Howard, for example. A number of reviews of the book have found traces of Stephen King's storytelling aesthetic in it, and another interviewer pointed out the presence of King's Pet Sematary in the novel, all of which now seems blatantly obvious to me, but of which I was not at all conscious during its composition.
MK – The end was so haunting. So perfect. Was that always the plan for Abe? To become a part of both worlds?
JL – Thank you! Yes, I knew that part pretty early on. Abe's penultimate confrontation, though, was a relatively late addition, inspired by the ending of Laird Barron's brilliant novella, “Mysterium Tremendum.” I wanted something that would give the last few pages of the book an added heft, and Laird's story provided an example of how that might be done.
MK – Your other novel is House of Windows and you've appeared in ‘Best Horror of the Year' several times. If someone out there wanted to read more of your work, what would you recommend to said reader?
JL – I'd suggest taking a look at my second collection, The Wide, Carnivorous Sky and Other Monstrous Geographies (2013).
MK – Anything else you would like to add?
JL – My third collection of stories, Sefira and Other Betrayals, is forthcoming from Hippocampus Press in early 2017. My first novel, House of Windows, will be released in the spring of 2017 by Diversion Books; it will include a new afterword and a new story set in the titular house.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
[interactive copyright notice]
When The Entertainment Industry Takes Down Linking Sites, It Makes It Harder To Take Down Actual Infringing Content
from the is-it-worth-it? dept
“What we noticed Thursday [the day the site went down], and that's what we've always been thinking, is that the Premier League has only been focusing on Wiziwig lately to take down streams, like those from [P2P streaming service] Sopcast for example,” Wiziwig told us.
“If we added a Sopcast link for a game in the Premier League, then quickly that link was made inaccessible. On Thursday all Sopcast channels kept working all day, without any been taking down during the early kickoff, 3pm game and late game. Coincidence?”
The idea that the soccer league had been using Wiziwig to find streams and have them taken down at source was confirmed when matches streamed from other sources also remained up.
“Same applied with Veetle links, as when those previously appeared on Wiziwig they were quickly taken down. If we didn't add them they were working all game long, while people could find them easily in Veetle. That also applied to several other links.”
We've never really understood the desire to go after middlemen, rather than those actually responsible for things -- but for some reason, many, many people tend to focus on them. We talk about the importance of Section 230 or the DMCA's 512 safe harbors in protecting middlemen from liability over actions of their users. Or we talk about how law enforcement freaks out about illegal activity advertised on Craigslist and Backpage , rather than using those tools to actually track down the lawbreakers.And yet... it continues. TorrentFreak has been covering how the latest copyright laws in Spain (which have been updated repeatedly over the past few years at the demands of Hollywood) mean that linking sites -- which, in the past, had been declared perfectly legal -- may now face tremendous liability. As a result of this, a few of those sites have decided to shut down . That's not surprising, and I'm sure that the legacy copyright players are excited about this result, high-fiving each other around the office, saying "job well done." Except, of course, it's not. In another post, where TorrentFreak spoke to the folks behind Wiziwig, a sport linking site that has shut down, there's an aside where it becomes clear that because Wiziwig has shut down, actual streams of sporting events may be more available than in the past Now, I'm sure some copyright system defenders will argue that this is an okay tradeoff -- that in taking down the middleman linking site, they also made it harder for people to find those other streams that remain up. But... that's unlikely to be that true. The folks who really want to watch these kinds of things are generally members of communities of folks who are equally interested, and the links to new sources can get passed around quite quickly. So the people who are watching the infringing content still get to do so.All that's really happened is that the copyright holders who are rushing around trying to take down everything now have madeby going after a tool that helps them find the actual infringement. That's why it's really dumb to focus on the middlemen rather than the actual end users who are streaming the infringing content.
Filed Under: copyright, infringement, linking sites, spain, sports streaming, streaming, takedowns
Companies: wiziwig
One couple has been accused of urinating on several copies of the Quran and on former President Bill Clinton's autobiography at a library in Santa Fe, New Mexico, in early March.
The Council on American-Islamic Relations called for state and federal officials in New Mexico to investigate a possible bias motive for the vandalism, according to a statement released by the organization Wednesday.
Staff members at the Santa Fe Public Library told the Santa Fe Police Department last Friday that a man and woman had been causing trouble at their Southside branch during multiple visits in early March, according to the Santa Fe New Mexican. Leslie Simmons, the library manager, said that staff members found three copies of the Quran damaged “by a yellowish liquid substance” after one of the couple's visits. Staffers also said that the books smelled of urine, according to the police report.
Surveillance footage shows the couple at the library using their computer and reading books, according to a police report obtained by local news station KOB 4. The video also shows the man picking up books, then bringing them back.
Police said the low-quality video did not show which books the man picked up, but it does show the man going to the same locations where library workers found damaged copies of the Quran and Bill Clinton's autobiography, “My Life.”
Library staffers told police that the couple started visiting the library every few days since March 2 and that they were loud and disruptive, according to KOB 4. Library workers also claimed the couple placed copies of the Bible and books written by conservative commentator Ann Coulter around the library “as if they were placed on display for all to see,” according to a police report.
Police said that DNA testing would be inconclusive, since the damaged library books were likely handled by a lot of people, according to the New Mexican. Police concluded the investigation after they were unable to locate the license plate number for the couple's truck in law enforcement databases.
The vandalism comes at a time when hate crimes targeting Muslims are becoming more frequent in the U.S. The number of anti-Muslim hate groups nearly tripled in 2016, according to a recent report published by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Meanwhile, mosques have become targets for vandalism and destruction.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- The New England Patriots' next opponent, the Philadelphia Eagles, has given up 10 touchdown passes over its last two games. That type of statistic would normally have opposing receivers salivating at the opportunity of having a big day, but Brandon LaFell looks at it differently.
That's because of Bill Belichick.
"The crazy thing about it is that we haven't seen any of those touchdown passes on film," LaFell said Thursday. "We've been seeing them causing turnovers, making plays, the defensive line led by [Fletcher] Cox getting to the quarterback. We haven't seen all the touchdown passes they've given up. We've been seeing all the takeaways."
This is the Belichick Way, which reflects how Belichick always prepares their teams for the opponents' best. That's why a last-place team can sometimes seem like a powerhouse to players.
"It feels like every team we're playing against, we're facing the best defensive line, the best secondary. Every time we watch film against a team, I feel like they're undefeated," they said. "We never see the bad plays. We always see the positive things they do. They have us going out there making sure we respect our opponent, and make sure we study."
When asked if Belichick sometimes has to go into full-fledged sales mode, LaFell said, "He does a great job every week, because I'm telling you, every week I'll be like 'this might be the best defense, the best DBs ... And they keep us on our toes with all the questions they ask. Any given week in the NFL, a team can come in here and beat you. I always feel like no matter how bad a team is playing, they always come in and give us their best game."
The original (translated) quote from Plutarch's Tranquility of the Mind, in case you were wondering;
“Such contentedness and change of view in regard to every kind of life does the infusion of reason bring about. When Alexander heard from Anaxarchus of the infinite number of worlds, they wept, and when their friends asked them what was the matter, they replied, ‘Is it not a matter for tears that, when the number of worlds is infinite, I have not conquered one?'”
Even so, there's some debate as to the origins of the misquote, but for our purposes, Hans gets credit.
You can see why I wanted to combine this page with the prior one, as it's an extension that same argument. And as C.C. points out, a lot of it is semantic games. Is this all gospel for Deus, or is they playing the sound bite game and being contentious on purpose? If so, then C.C.'s not rising to it, but maybe he's hoping for viral traction. In any case, you guys had plenty of opinions on the prior page, and while Deus is certainly being reductionist, I do think greed is a prime motivator. Greed and lust certainly. That or I watch entirely too many crime procedurals while I draw, cause seriously, I can't think of a single case in any of those that wasn't ultimately motivated by greed, lust, or a combination of the two, unless the bad guy is simply crazy and is killing people because that's just what they do.
I'm slightly upset that C.C.'s necklace has gone from looking like a piece of hand worked gold or brass to a piece of cheese, or possibly Spongebob Hexpants. I may have to fix that at some point. That or the next time we see them she'll be wearing a starfish necklace. Actually probably that.
Not combining the pages gave me time to get the vote incentive finished finally, and I did some corrections to the book cover and inked it (original pencils here) and I started coloring the Valentines Day vote incentive, so hopefully that will be ready on time as well. All in all a pretty productive week. Sydney and crew returns on Thursday!
Here's the link to the new comments highlighter for chrome, and the GitHub link which you can use to install on FireFox via Greasemonkey.
Chinese Man Eats Young Boy's Brains to Cure Their Epilepsy
There is a lot of crazy out there in the world. There's moderate crazy, such as the religious rituals in India that for some reason require the launching of babies off of a building, and super crazy, such as pretty much anything that involves Japanese virgins and video games. Then you come across something so incredibly crazy it makes baby launching look like a game of ultimate frisbee.
29-year old Wang Chaoxu, who hails from the southwest Chinese village of Qixian, seems to have a nasty habit of killing children and eating their brains, believing them to be the cure for their epilepsy. 11-year old Li Xuetang disappeared one night, prompting their mother to become worried, and going so far as imploring the head of the village to make a radio broadcast on the off chance their song might see it.
Sadly, the young boy was found on January 23rd several hours later with their head opened and part of their brain removed. In a scene reminiscent of a horror film, a local villager by the named of Zhang Huansheng saw a man kneeling over the boy and holding them by the neck.
When Zhang approached the man, they passed the boy off as their son, saying “My child has passed out and I'm trying to wake them up. Baby, wake up, wake up.”
In addition to the young boy, a 3-year old girl was found in a public toilet with a knife wound to their head, and police are currently investigating whether the two deaths are connected.
Sidenote: They ate the brains with earthworms and ants. What a weirdo.
(Links 1 2)
Share this: Facebook
Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Scottish writer Graeme Macrae Burnet's story of murder in a 19th-century crofting community has beaten novels by some of literature's biggest names to make the shortlist for the Man Booker prize, a list that judges said “showed courage and a willingness to take risks”.
The six shortlisted books tackle some grim subjects – from a Swiftian satire about a black man reintroducing slavery in Los Angeles to a bleak and depressing exploration of masculinity and the state of contemporary Europe. This year's chair of judges, the historian Amanda Foreman, admitted that they could be seen as “very difficult, challenging and upsetting”. But crucially, they said, each one was “transporting for the reader”.
'Crazy but fantastic': Man Booker prize pitches tiny publishers into big league Read more
Burnet's Their Bloody Project– published by Contraband, the crime fiction imprint of the tiny independent Scottish press Saraband – is one of the more surprising contenders for this year's £50,000 prize. Although it is billed as crime fiction, judges said it was a long way from generic thrillers.
The author themselves told the Guardian that they felt their book was a novel about a crime, rather than a crime novel. “I'd say it is primarily about character and setting, but that is not to dissociate myself from the crime fiction world,” Burnet said.
They said they were thrilled and surprised to be shortlisted: “There is a certain Scottish way of preparing yourself for disappointment in advance, a coping strategy born out of many years of watching our football team.”
But the news was still sinking in. “When you see Nicola Sturgeon and Ian Rankin and Val McDermid are tweeting their congratulations, you begin to feel it is quite a big deal,” they said.
The judges overlooked major writers on the longlist, including Nobel laureate JM Coetzee, Costa winner AL Kennedy and Pulitzer winner Elizabeth Strout, to choose titles that also included a debut novel from the American writer Ottessa Moshfegh, who at 35 is the youngest author on the shortlist for their psychological thriller Eileen.
Fellow American author Paul Beatty secures a place for their biting satire about a man who tries to reintroduce slavery and segregate the local high school, The Sellout. While it may upset some with its bad language and liberal use of the n-word, judge and poet David Harsent said the language was indispensable: “It is part of the music of the book. What they are doing requires those speech rhythms.”
Another of the judges, the actor Olivia Williams, called The Sellout “an eccentric mix of Swiftian satire and observational humour worthy of Richard Pryor.” They added: “I was banned from reading in bed by my husband because I was laughing so much.”
The Sellout is published by independent press Oneworld, which won the Booker last year with Marlon James's A Brief History of Seven Killings.
Deborah Levy: ‘Space Oddity' seemed to be about leaving the land I was born in. Being unable to return. It can still make me cry Read more
British author Deborah Levy, who was shortlisted for the Booker in 2012 for Swimming Home, makes the cut for Hot Milk, an examination of female rage, sexuality and the sometimes toxic bond between mother and daughter. It was well received by critics: Erica Wagner, in the Observer, called it “a powerful novel of the interior life” with “a transfixing gaze and a terrible sting that burns long after the final page is turned”.
The Canadian-born British writer David Szalay is on the list with All That Man Is, described by judge Jon Day as being “brilliantly depressing and endlessly engrossing. It is a wry, important and timely novel about masculinity and the state of contemporary Europe – a post-Brexit novel for our time.”
Some have questioned whether Szalay's book is a novel, and is in fact a collection of nine short stories – but Day is in no doubt: “It is obviously a novel. The experience of reading it is utterly dependent on the whole.”
The shortlist is completed by Canadian Madeleine Thien's Do Not Say We Have Nothing, in which a girl and their mother invite a young woman – who has fled China and the Tiananmen Square protests – into their home.
Foreman said the novels this year were “innovative, bold, courageous” and took great risks: “They show us that the artform is not being nostalgic, it is not being held back by some vision of what it used to be. For something like literary fiction to be alive and vigorous and healthy, it needs to be continually reinventing itself and be pushing those boundaries – and this is what we've seen in 2016.”
Judges baulked at suggestions that the six books were full of people it was hard to sympathise or empathise with. “This wasn't the damaged people panel,” said Harsent.
Bookmakers William Hill straight away deemed Levy 2/1 favourite to win, with Moshfegh the 8/1 outsider.
At bookseller Foyles, web editor Frances Gertler welcomed what they called an “excitingly wide-open shortlist”, which continues the prize's “trend towards new faces”.
Levy, said Gertler, is the “only well-known author left” in the running. “Burnet's historical crime thriller Their Bloody Project would be a popular and accessible win for a genre that is often overlooked for this prize,” they added. “Thien's sweeping intergenerational account of China's cultural revolution has an impressive depth and breadth, but the time might just be right for David Szalay's thoughtful portrait of masculinity.”
Waterstones fiction buyer, Chris White said they felt that “the judges have certainly set out to surprise me this year”.
“Having left off established names such as Ian McEwan, Julian Barnes, Rose Tremain and Graham Swift from the longlist, the shortlist is now without the two titles I thought shoo-ins: The North Water and My Name Is Lucy Barton. Having said that, it is – as the longlist was – an intriguing and refreshing list which will introduce thousands of new readers to some remarkable works of fiction. If I were to pick a winner I would say it will be between Levy and Szalay but then I'm almost always wrong.”
Unlike last year's shortlist, which included the hefty A Little Life by Hanya Yanighara and James's ironically titled A Brief History of Seven Killings, there are no doorstoppers this year, but judges said little could be read into that. The length of a book never entered their discussions, they said, and submissions were no shorter than previous years.
The longlist of 13 titles was chosen from 155 submissions. The £50,000 prize is open to writers of any nationality writing originally in English, and published in the UK between October 2015 and September 2016. The winner will be announced on 25 October.
The 2016 Man Booker shortlist:
The Sellout by Paul Beatty (Oneworld)
Hot Milk by Deborah Levy (Hamish Hamilton)
Their Bloody Project by Graeme Macrae Burnet (Contraband)
Eileen by Ottessa Moshfegh (Vintage)
All That Man Is by David Szalay (Vintage)
Do Not Say We Have Nothing by Madeleine Thien (Granta)
Support us AD-FREE Producing content you read on this website takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work. If you value what we do here, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The 2015 El Niño is now well-established and continues to strengthen, Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) reports today. International climate models surveyed by the BOM all indicate that El Niño will continue to strengthen, and persist into early 2016.
In the coming weeks, the central tropical Pacific Ocean (the NINO3.4 region) may exceed the peak values reached during the 2002 and 2009 El Niño events, but current anomalies remain well short of the 1982 and 1997 peaks, it said and added that peak values are normally recorded late in the year.
Trade winds remain weakened and are likely to contribute to more warming of the tropical Pacific Ocean. Other indicators such as cloudiness near the Date Line, the Southern Oscillation Index, and sub-surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific Ocean remain typical of an established El Niño.
Index Previous Current Temperature change
(2 weeks) NINO3 +2.0 +1.9 0.1 °C cooler NINO3.4 +1.6 +1.7 0.1 °C warmer NINO4 +1.2 +1.0 0.2 °C cooler
Baseline period 1961–1990. Image credit: BOM.
Over the past fortnight, sea surface temperature (SST) anomalies have decreased slightly in the eastern equatorial Pacific. Warm anomalies persist along the equator from the South American coastline to about 160°E. Anomalies for the week ending August 2 exceeded +2 °C across nearly all of the eastern equatorial Pacific and smaller areas of the central Pacific.
All five NINO indices again exceeded +1 °C this week.
Warm anomalies are present across most of the northern half of the Pacific basin, except for parts of the northwest. The eastern half of the northern Pacific is more than one degree warmer than average, and two degrees warmer than average in places. Warm anomalies are also present along parts of the east coast of Australia, in areas to Australia's west, and across much of the Indian Ocean.
The SST anomaly map for July 2015 shows positive anomalies extended from the South American coastline, across the equatorial Pacific, past the Date Line to around 160°E. Compared to June, the strength of these anomalies have increased in the eastern Pacific. Strong warm anomalies also persisted across much of the northeast of the Pacific Basin, with weak warm anomalies to Australia's east, and moderate to strong warm anomalies across much of the Indian Ocean.
NINO3 measured its warmest monthly anomaly since the 1997–98 El Niño, with an anomaly of +1.9 °C for July 2015, ahead of +1.7 °C in June 2015 and +1.6 °C December 2009. The July 2015 value of NINO3.4 was +1.5 °C.
In the coming weeks, the NINO3.4 region may exceed the peak anomaly values reached during the 2002 (+1.6 °C) and 2009 (+1.7 °C) El Niño. The current El Niño has already exceeded the 2006 peak of +1.2 °C, but current anomalies still remain well short of the 1982 and 1997 peaks (+2.8 °C and +2.7 °C respectively).
Index June July Temperature change NINO3 +1.6 +1.9 0.3 °C warmer NINO3.4 +1.3 +1.5 0.2 °C warmer NINO4 +1.1 +1.1 no change
Baseline period 1961–1990. Image credit: BOM.
The sub-surface temperature map for the 5 days ending August 2 shows temperatures are warmer than average in the top 100 m of the central to eastern equatorial Pacific and cooler than average below the surface of the ocean in the western equatorial Pacific. Water in far eastern Pacific sub-surface is very much warmer than average, with anomalies around 75 m depth reaching more than 6 °C warmer than average. Warm anomalies in the east-central Pacific are somewhat stronger than they were two weeks ago.
Cool anomalies in the western equatorial Pacific remain similar to what they were two weeks ago, with a broad area more than 2 °C cooler than average between around 100 m and 200 m depth.
The Southern Oscillation Index (SOI) has risen somewhat over the past two weeks, but remains firmly within negative values. The 30-day SOI value to August 2 was −14.4.
Trade winds for the 5 days ending 2 August show westerly anomalies were present over the western half of the equatorial Pacific. Trade winds were reversed (i.e. westerly winds) to the west of the Date Line.
Trade winds have been consistently weaker than average, and on occasion reversed in direction (i.e. westerly rather than easterly), since the start of 2015.
Cloudiness near the Date Line was above average during the second half of July and early August.
Cloudiness along the equator, near the Date Line, is an important indicator of ENSO, as it typically increases (negative OLR anomalies) near and to the east of the Date Line during El Niño and decreases (positive OLR anomalies) during La Niña.
All eight of the surveyed international climate models indicate the central Pacific Ocean will warm further during the coming months. All surveyed models indicate that NINO3.4 will remain above El Niño thresholds until at least the end of 2015.
Source: BOM
Featured image: Super Typhoon "Soudelor" on August 4, 2015. Image credit: NASA Aqua/MODIS.
Register/become a supporter
Your support is crucial for our survival. It makes this project fully self-sustainable and keeps us independent and focused on the content we love to create and share.
Monthly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $5.00 USD - monthly Option 2 : $10.00 USD - monthly Option 3 : $15.00 USD - monthly Option 4 : $25.00 USD - monthly Option 5 : $50.00 USD - monthly Option 6 : $100.00 USD - monthly Yearly subscription Subscription options Option 1 : $50.00 USD - yearly Option 1 : $100.00 USD - yearly
Now you can be a mayor of your own miniature city, thanks to the SimCity 2000 tabletop play set. Using Google Sketch-up, architect Michael Curry aka Skimbal created replicas of the buildings in Simcity 2000. Curry says that they based the models on their “memories of playing”, so they may not look exactly like their in-game equivalents, but they're accurate enough for fans of the simulation series to want to reticulate splines in real life.
What a beautiful commercial district. It's begging to be hit with a 3D printed tornado.
Isn't it funny how the rise of 3D printing could take things from the virtual back to the real world? Years from now instead of playing MMOs we could be playing board games, pen-and-paper RPGs or LARPing with high quality trinkets that we print right from our homes. Speaking of which, aspiring tabletop mayors should build a subway line and head to Thingiverse to download the templates for Skimbal's play set.
[via Architizer via Notcot]
When scholarly publishing behemoth Elsevier gobbled up London software start-up Mendeley earlier this week, many Mendeley users felt as if the Galactic Empire had coöpted the Rebel Alliance.
Mendeley, founded in late 2008 by three tech-savvy scholars, had become a sort of rebel-scientist icon for producing a software-and-paper-sharing service that threatened to disrupt scholarly publishing in the way that Napster and last.fm had disrupted the music industry a few years earlier.
Elsevier, on the other hand, is infamous for restricting the flow of scientific information so it can sell research papers for as much as fifty dollars a piece, generating profit margins of thirty-six per cent and netting the company billions of dollars in revenue annually. The company has fought legislation designed to open up academic research, offered scholars money to file positive reviews, sued libraries for oversharing, and allegedly published fake journals on behalf of the pharmaceuticals industry.
So Mendeley's sale to Elsevier struck many as a betrayal. Microsoft researcher Danah Boyd angrily closed their account, saying they could never trust Elsevier; researcher David Weinberger, of Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet & Society, said he'll close their account too. And Duke University information-science postdoc Heather Piwowar, a longtime Mendeley fan, has decided that sharing with Elsevier just doesn't make sense. “I don't want my search patterns to help Elsevier sell me closed science,” they said. They also plan to cancel their account.
Former Mendeley employee Jason Hoyt, however, was not surprised. Hoyt, a young onetime geneticist out of Stanford, had moved to London in 2010 to serve as Mendeley's vice president of research and development. Over the next eighteen months, they saw that the company might not prove as disruptive as they had hoped. Mendeley's main product, which Hoyt helped refine, was a reference manager app, the sort of desktop software that academics use to organize research papers. It also offered users a cloud-based Web site where they could stash their references and P.D.F.s and—here is the disruptive part—form collegial groups in which they could share not just references, ideas, and gossip, but copyrighted P.D.F.s. The company argued that such in-group sharing amounted to fair use among colleagues. This argument rang true to researchers who often found their research projects blocked by high paywalls. But to many publishers, Mendeley's collegial-sharing feature looked awfully close to copyright theft.
Copyrighted papers lie at the center of researchers' growing discontent with the scientific-publishing establishment. The paper and journal system was developed over three hundred years ago, when sharing science required an expensive print-and-distribution infrastructure. Now, even though the Internet provides a faster, freer, more flexible way to share, discuss, and archive scientific findings and ideas, the business infrastructure built around that print model still dominates and constrains the sharing of scientific information. The research paper, created as a conduit for information, has become a bottleneck.
Which is one reason that discontented researchers loved Mendeley. Simply by searching, finding, reading, and sharing papers on Mendeley, researchers could rebel both personally and politically: they could enjoy the frisson of obtaining a paywalled paper without paying for it. And by unbundling the paper from the journal, as last.fm had let music fans unbundle songs from albums, they felt like they were kicking a brick out of the outmoded publishing infrastructure.
Hoyt, however, found that their efforts to strengthen this tool increasingly revealed its limits. On several occasions, they designed software features that increased the flow of information and papers within Mendeley, only to be forced to pull them back when publishers, including Elsevier, made scary lawyerly noises loud enough to give Mendeley pause. One day in August, 2011, their bosses asked them to kill previews of all papers published by Elsevier. The preview feature allowed users to see the first few paragraphs of any paper listed by Mendeley's members so they could decide if a paper looked useful before tracking it down in a user group or, if that failed, buying it for fifteen to fifty dollars. Users loved the feature, but Elsevier hated it and pressured Mendeley to remove it. Removing Elsevier's papers destroyed “a huge percentage of what we had,” Hoyt said. For Hoyt, this rollback clarified that “things were closing off.”
Regardless, by the end of that summer, Mendeley had over a million users who had uploaded over sixty million papers—the world's single biggest repository of academic papers—and were sharing many of them. As users became happier, publishers grew grumpier and investors less patient. The company was generating lots of potential value, but had not yet collected on it. Collecting on it would require something new, bold, and distinctly profitable. (One recurring idea was an iTunes-like deal with publishers that would let Mendeley sell papers for a buck or two.) Those paying attention knew the company was open to offers of a partnership or a buyout.
Elsevier has two reasons to buy Mendeley. One is to squash it—to destroy or coöpt an open-science icon that threatens its business model. Many critics fear that's the case. The other reason is to possess the aggregated data that Mendeley's users generate with all of their searching and sharing. Mendeley is still growing, with two million three hundred thousand users sifting through over a hundred million references. Their use patterns reveal who is reading what, which papers are popular, what lines of research are surging, which disciplines and journals are crucial, and a lot of other extremely valuable information.
No one has that kind of data at the scale of Mendeley. Mendeley had been selling access to segments of that data to publishers and other institutions, including Elsevier, as part of its business model. Now Elsevier owns all of that data. But if it wants users to continue generating streams of data, the company will have to play nice, which leaves it with something like the Facebook model: create software and a huge social network in which people share information that it can profitably harvest, and be just conciliatory enough about privacy, anyway, to repel fewer people than it attracts.
By that measure, things still look good for Mendeley, since most critics are sitting tight. (Very few have left so far, Mendeley's spokesperson said.) Roderic Page, a University of Glasgow taxonomist and open-science advocate who has long watchdogged Mendeley, wants to see what happens. It's possible, they note, that Mendeley will use its Elsevier backing to do something really fantastic, like finally launch an iTunes-like service. It would not be free and open, but for better or for worse, technology companies have shown time and again that good products tend to win out over open ones.
Illustration by Richard McGuire.
Manchester City on Friday night accepted a world-record £50 million fine from Uefa and a cap on their spending this summer after finally ending their fight to avoid a Financial Fair Play penalty.
The new Premier League champions reluctantly signed up to what could prove the biggest monetary sanction ever imposed on a sports team, following their unprecedented £1 billion spending spree under Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed al Nahyan .
Announced more than a month after The Daily Telegraph first revealed they were set to be found in breach of FFP regulations, their ‘settlement' agreement with European football's Club Financial Control Body also included a cut in their Champions League squad to 21 players and a ban on increasing their wages for at least a year.
The deal ended a tense stand-off between City and the CFCB's investigatory chamber over their sanction for failing to comply with rules aimed at combating “greed, reckless spending and financial insanity”.
The club threatened to fight to the bitter end to avoid their penalty by taking their case to the CFCB's adjudicatory chamber and beyond.
They were granted multiple extensions to the deadline for agreeing a deal before eventually backing down, allowing Uefa to announce all nine clubs found guilty of FFP breaches had settled with the investigatory chamber.
As revealed by The Daily Telegraph, Paris St-Germain were among them, having agreed a near identical settlement, with the others being Zenit St Petersburg, Rubin Kazan, Anzhi Makhachkala, Galatasaray, Trabzonspor, Bursaspor and Levski Sofia.
The clubs all exceeded the losses of £37.2 million permitted in their 2011-13 accounts after various deductions.
The CFCB's decision on City's punishment, signed off by chief investigator Jean-Luc Dehaene before their shock death on Thursday, included several caveats which could see City avoid paying two-thirds of their fine – £32.6 million – if they comply.
To achieve this, the club must report a maximum break-even deficit of £16.2 million in 2014 and £8.1 million in 2015, as opposed to the £24 million usually permitted.
They must also avoid increasing wages during 2015 – plus 2016 if they fail to meet their break-even targets.
City also agreed to “significantly limit spending in the transfer market” for two years, including a net spend of only £49 million this summer.
The European squad size reduction from 25 to 21 players – eight of whom must be homegrown – will be extended into a second seasons if they fail to comply.
City were particularly irked that the settlement offer was almost the same agreed with PSG, despite the French champions' £167 million-a-year sponsorship deal with the Qatar Tourism Authority being deemed a related party transaction, unlike their own £35 million-a-year agreement with Etihad.
The Manchester club foul fell instead over some of their secondary sponsorship arrangements, which were found not to be fair market value, as well as aspects of tie-ups with franchises in New York and Melbourne.
That meant they were unable to write off wages on contracts signed pre-2010, something that resulted in a heavy fail which they revealed last night led to a “fundamental disagreement” with the CFCB.
They added in a statement: “The club believes it has complied with the FFP regulations on this and all other matters.
“In normal circumstances, the club would wish to pursue its case and present its position through every avenue of recourse.
“However, our decision to do so must be balanced against the practical realities for our fans, for our partners and in the interests of the commercial operations of the club.” City, who posted losses of £97.9m in 2011-12 and £51.6m in 2012-13, insisted they were on course to break even by the end of the month and would have no problem complying with FFP going forward.
Their settlement may not be the end of what has proven a tortuous process.
Any party affected by the sanction has 10 days to appeal, with Arsenal and Everton possible beneficiaries of any successful challenge following their failure to qualify automatically for the Champions League.
City's sanctions in full ...
€60 million (£49m) to be withheld from prize money over the next three seasons, but this will be reduced to €20m (£16.3m) if the club complies with agreed spending and break-even limits.
Champions League squad cut to 21 players for next season, but will return to 25 players for 2015-16 if they comply with agreements.
Spending on transfers limited to €60m (£49m) net this summer.
A salary freeze on the Champions League squad for the next two seasons.
City have agreed to cut the losses to a maximum of €20m for (£16.3m) the 2013-14 financial year and €10m (£8.2m) loss for the 2014-15 season.
City's £400m Etihad sponsorship deal was passed by Uefa but the club have agreed not to increase the value of two "second-tier commercial partnerships" with other parties related to their Abu Dhabi-based owners.
Lando Norris is in contention to replace Jenson Button as McLaren's third driver in 2018, racing director Eric Boullier has said.
Button retired from F1 at the end of last season although they remained signed to McLaren as an ambassador and third driver, stepping in to replace Fernando Alonso at May's Monaco GP.
However, they stated their desire at the Japanese GP to return to full-time racing in another category in 2018 which would leave McLaren needing to find a new reserve.
Norris, 17, is on the verge of winning the FIA European Formula 3 title and impressed driving the MCL32 at the Hungary Test in August and Boullier admitted the teenager could step into the third driver role.
"I think Jenson is looking for a full-time racing seat, and obviously we don't have any," Boullier said at Suzuka.
"But they are an ambassador and we would be happy to keep working with them in a role that suits both parties. But as far as racing is concerned we have nothing to offer to him.
"If Jenson has no role here then of course we need a new [reserve] driver. We have to prepare.
"Lando could be one of them. If they win Formula 3, which is very likely, then they will have enough points to get a superlicence."
Norris impresses on McLaren debut
Norris: Future depends on Alonso
Brown: McLaren won't loan out Norris
Norris holds a 72-point lead at the top of the Formula 3 championship and will wrap up the title this weekend at Hockenheim provided closest rival Maximilian Gunther doesn't win the three races and they score less than two points.
Lando Norris' career so far 2014 - Aged 14, becomes the youngest karting world champion by winning the CIK-FIA KF World Championship title, surpassing Lewis Hamilton's record.
2015 - Wins British Formula 4 title with eight wins and 14 podium finishes.
2016 - Wins Formula Renault 2.0 NEC, Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup and the Toyota Racing Series Championship in New Zealand.
2016 - Wins prestigious McLaren Autosport BRDC Young Driver Award
February 2017 - Joins McLaren's Young Driver Programme
August 2017 - Posts second-fastest time at Hungary test in debut run in MCL32, only behind Sebastian Vettel
Drivers hoping to earn an F1 superlicence must amass 40 points over a three-year period. Norris would receive 30 points for winning the Formula 3 title and that would take them past the threshold.
On their first official day in an F1 car, Norris posted the second-fastest time of the Hungary Test - only behind four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel.
It was better than any time senior drivers Fernando Alonso and Stoffel Vandoorne had managed over the Hungarian GP weekend, albeit on the ultrasofts which were not available at the race, and prompted Boullier to label Norris as a "star of the future".
Sky F1's Ted Kravitz and Johnny Herbert catch up with Jenson Button during the rain delayed P2 session in Japan, and they reveal their viewing habits away from the track. Sky F1's Ted Kravitz and Johnny Herbert catch up with Jenson Button during the rain delayed P2 session in Japan, and they reveal their viewing habits away from the track.
Speaking to Sky F1 at the Italian GP, McLaren executive director Zak Brown said they believed Norris was fast enough to compete in Formula 1 but insisted the team would carefully manage their development.
"Our current plan is to put them in Formula 2 [next year]," said Brown.
"I certainly think he's fast enough to be in Formula 1 but we don't want to rush things.
"He's definitely our star of the future and we won't put them in another Formula 1 team at this point."
In multiple tweets today, Parks and Recreation creator Mike Schur has apologized for appearances by comedian Louis C.K. on the show.
Schur's comments are the latest setback for Louis C.K., who has now lost several projects after allegations of sexual harassment recently surfaced in press accounts, most prominently in a New York Times expose.
“I don't remember when I heard the rumors about him,” Schur tweeted minutes after the Times story appeared. “But I'm sure it was before the last time they were on Parks and Rec. And that sucks. And I'm sorry.”
C.K. was alleged by the Times to have masturbated in front of at least three women who did not consent. They also allegedly asked to masturbate in front of another and performed the action during a phone call with another accuser.
C.K. appeared in six episodes of Parks and Recreation, with their final show airing in 2012.
Here are Schur's tweets:
I don't remember when I heard the rumors about him. But I'm sure it was before the last time they were on Parks and Rec. And that sucks. And I'm sorry. — Ken Tremendous (@KenTremendous) November 9, 2017
Sebastian Gorka quits White House, saying the revolution has been derailed
Deputy assistant to President Trump Sebastian Gorka participates in a discussion during the Conservative Political Action Conference at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center February 24, 2017 in National Harbor, Maryland. (Photo11: Alex Wong, Getty Images)
Controversial White House counterterrorism adviser Sebastian Gorka stepped down Friday, saying President Trump's populist campaign agenda had been hijacked by establishment figures, according to a letter first reported by the The Federalist, a conservative news site.
The White House confirmed their departure late Friday.
Gorka, an early Trump supporter who became a frequent Trump defender on cable news programs, had been targeted by liberals who said their alleged ties to a Hungarian nationalist party indicated the Trump administration's willingness to accept racism.
Gorka's departure comes close on the heels of the resignation of chief strategist Steve Bannon, a leader of the populist/nationalist movement before and during their brief White House tenure. Bannon has announced they are returning to Breitbart News, where Gorka was also a writer before the campaign.
In a resignation letter obtained by the Federalist, Gorka argues that the movement they and Bannon represent is being squeezed out of Trump's White House.
The Federalist quotes the letter at length:
“[G]iven recent events, it is clear to me that forces that do not support the MAGA promise are – for now – ascendant within the White House,” Gorka wrote. “As a result, the best and most effective way I can support you, Mr. President, is from outside the People's House.”
“Regrettably, outside of yourself, the individuals who most embodied and represented the policies that will ‘Make America Great Again,' have been internally countered, systematically removed, or undermined in recent months. This was made patently obvious as I read the text of your speech on Afghanistan this week…
“The fact that those who drafted and approved the speech removed any mention of Radical Islam or radical Islamic terrorism proves that a crucial element of your presidential campaign has been lost…
Trump's most ardent populist supporters have harbored deep suspicions about the agendas of Trump's daughter Ivanka and their husband, Jared Kushner — both now top White House advisers — and the Wall Street/New York alumni in Trump's inner circle including economic adviser Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. These advisers are considered more moderate and less wedded to the radical upheaval Trump's presidency was supposed to represent.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wGbq4T
The mainstream media loves to ignore the crimes of Democrats.
Like the crickets around this former Congressman's prison sentence!
The Hill reports:
Former Rep. Chaka Fattah (D-Pa.) was sentenced to 10 years in prison on Monday on charges of money laundering, bribery and fraud.
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
Fattah, 60, resigned from the House in June after being convicted on more than 20 counts of corruption. He'll have to report to prison by Jan. 25, 2017, to begin their sentence.
Prosecutors had called for Fattah to receive 17 to 22 years in prison.
Here's a video report, via ABC 6:
It was corruption:
As they awaited their sentence, Fattah told the judge they had mixed emotions: saddened to find themselves in court but grateful for the work they were able to do over 37 years as a state and federal lawmaker.
“I've helped tens of millions of people,” said Fattah, 60. “(That) has nothing to do with the fact that I've been found on the wrong side of these questions by a jury.”
Fattah lost the spring primary days before trial and resigned their seat following their June conviction. The jury found they took the $1 million loan from the chairperson of Sallie Mae, the student loan corporation. They returned $400,000 of it and repaid some of the rest with federal grant money they had steered to an education nonprofit run by former aides.
They used public funds for their own purpose. And they think that's okay.
Sounds like a typical Democrat!
Image: Source
Paul McCarthy is one of nine male kindergarten teachers in Lee and Collier counties. (Photo11: Janine Zeitlin/News-Press)
FORT MYERS, Fla. -- I neutered God in my family's dinner prayer. It's the same prayer I recited growing up as a Lutheran, but now that I'm raising two girls, I switched out the "father in heaven we thank thee" to "we thank thee." I want my daughters to be grateful, but I don't want to assign a gender to a God before they're old enough to form their own conclusions about him. Or them Or if one exists.
It's not about making a theological argument; it's about perpetuating patriarchy in the minutest of ways when, by virtue of being girls, they'll face enough disparities later. Plus, I had noticed I was guilty of using "he" as my de-facto pronoun. Over the coming days, I caught myself as I regularly referred to turtles, ants and bees as "he's." As did my eldest, who is 5.
"Oh poor guy," they lamented when we saw a flattened snake in my neighborhood.
We had neutered God but not their creatures. I made a conscious effort to refer to more insects, animals and birds as "she's." Weeks later, we saw a hawk and my daughter said, "She's so beautiful."
"Why do you think the hawk is a she?" I asked.
"She just looks like one."
I gave myself a parental pat on the back. In the weeks before kindergarten, my daughter wondered about their teacher.
"I hope she's nice," they told me.
"I'm sure they will be," I told them
For open house last week, my husband and I headed to their new school's crowded cafeteria, where parents and kids bounced between each other like pinballs in the mayhem. We lined up at a table to await their classroom assignment. I offered my daughter's name to the woman behind the table. The woman scanned the list. Them kindergarten teacher was a mister.
Huh, I thought.
"She has a man," I turned to my husband, who shrugged. I was surprised, though my own father had taught third grade. They brought strengths in science, math and exercise, areas they felt were sometimes neglected by their female counterparts. (On a side note, my dad chuckles when reciting the gender-neutral version of the family prayer; it's too non-traditional for their taste.)
Stephen Damico is one of two male kindergarten teachers at Three Oaks Elementary in Lee County. (Photo11: Janine Zeitlin/News-Press)
I'd like to think my response came from the rarity of having a male kindergarten teacher rather than a stereotype of what a kindergarten teacher should look like. Regretfully, it was probably the latter. I didn't realize how unique they are.
Only about 2 percent of America's preschool and kindergarten teachers in 2013 were men, according to MenTeach, a non-profit started with the aim of recruiting more men to teaching. Those figures pretty much match Lee and Collier counties.
Of the 301 kindergarten teachers in Lee, 7 are men. In Collier, there are only 2 men out of the 166 kindergarten teachers.
"For whatever reason," said Jennifer Weimer, a Collier school district spokesperson, "in elementary grades there are more women." One of their colleagues mentioned pay as a factor. There are more chances to supplement a salary with coaching in high school. Lee schools didn't speculate much either except that elementary and primary teachers, male and female, are an area of critical need.
I searched male kindergarten teachers online for something more concrete (I didn't want to pepper my daughter's new teacher with questions for publication the first week.). I found Chad Boender, the 24-year-old teacher in Michigan behind the blog malekindergartenteacher.com.
"It takes someone special to teach kindergarten, male or female," they said in an email. "Patience, creativity and salary are three reasons why more men are not Kindergarten teachers. I always say, 'It's not a job if you love what you do.' I do not teach for the money."
Greg Smedley-Warren, a 36-year-old kindergarten teacher in Nashville, has a strong social media following through TheKindergartenSmorgasboard.com, "where mustaches, glitter and great teachers collide." It's their seventh year. At first, it wasn't by choice. When they found out they were being switched from second grade, they told someone "I'll quit and go to McDonald's" if assigned to kindergarten. They didn't, but was terrified. On the first day, they sang and laughed and felt a pure feeling of joy.
"I had found my calling," they said.
There are so few men in the position, they believe, because of stereotypes. Men may not feel like they belong in kindergarten and principals often tap them for older grades. They do feel like they have to work harder to prove he's good.
"Men in kindergarten teaches our kids diversity," they said. "We need more male role models for our kids."
I began to feel lucky my daughter was assigned to one of only 9 male kindergarten teachers in Lee and Collier counties. Them preschool teachers had been women and they could use a little gender diversity.
When we went to the classroom during open house, like any good kindergarten teacher would, my daughter's teacher greeted them warmly. They offered cookies and a small bumblebee crafted with pipe cleaners. Later, they announced their new teacher was nice: "I love Miss Paul." I corrected them Like God, a kindergarten teacher can be a "Miss" or "Mister."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1EujIvu
The owners of a leisure complex near to Northampton's train station say there is no need for another cinema in the town - in the week the council backed plans that could see an eight-screen multiplex built at nearby Greyfriars.
On Tuesday, the borough council announced its preferred scheme for the four-acre former Northampton Bus Station land after a shortlist of two had gone out to consultation.
The car free zone between Grosvenor Centre and the 'Greyfriars Quarter' as envisaged by developers behind the Greyfriars Quarter plans.
It means that, should cabinet approve the move, an as-yet-unnamed developer will press on with plans to put either a leisure hub with a new multiplex cinema of up to eight screens, or a family entertainment centre and trampolining facility on the land.
The ‘scheme one' plan would also see casual dining restaurants, retail kiosks, flats, student apartments, a gym, a 110-bed four-star hotels and a new coach station built.
But the boss of Palace Capital, which owns Sol Central in Horse Market, says there is no need for another cinema nearby.
Sol Central features its own 10-screen cinema operated by Vue - the Chron can reveal it is set for radical expansion plans.
Palace Capital chief executive Neil Sinclair said: “I am not against developing Greyfriars, but I want it to be complimentary to Sol Central.
“If you bring in a cinema and a lot of restaurants you are in complete competition.”
Mr Sinclair said Palace Capital was looking to submit a planning application today to “revitalise” the Sol Central and create upwards of 200 jobs.
It comes as analysis of the Greyfriars consultation shows that around 100 people filled out feedback forms in relation to the two proposals.
And it appears people in Northampton had lukewarm feelings towards another cinema complex.
One respondent wrote: “Don‟t see the need for another cinema when we already have the Erroll Flynn. If we have to have another cinema, would prefer the family offer.”
Another said: “I see no reason for another cinema. Why would people use this leisure hub when existing facilities such as Trilogy, Sixfields, Vue and others are available?”
Scheme one does, however, offer a choice between the cinema and a family entertainment centre.
Leader of Northampton's Labour Group, Councillor Danielle Stone (Lab, Castle) says they would also prefer the latter.
They said: “I think we had the opportunity to take a risk with this site, but this is a real play-it-safe development.
“I am not at all convinced we need another cinema, families are crying out for more leisure facilities for children in Northampton.”
What do you think about the plans? Would you rather see the cinema built or a family entertainment centre and trampolining park?
* SPONSORED: This post was kindly sponsored by Petal and Post as a part of our #FallforGreenBeauty campaign!
The fall season is one of my personal favorites when it comes to beauty. Because of this, I created the ultimate fall beauty guide for you guys to help you in your quest for happy, healthy skin and help you rock the prettiest fall makeup looks! I've also included my favorite fall beauty tips that will help your beauty goals come to fruition, but don't necessarily have to do with products. I hope you enjoy!
Please Note! This is the FOURTH and FINAL post in my #FallforGreenBeauty campaign with Petal and Post! Check HERE for the first post, HERE for the second, and HERE for the third, then come back; I'll wait 😉
YOUR ULTIMATE FALL BEAUTY GUIDE
Fall Beauty Tips
Although these fall beauty tips might not seem related to your fall beauty routine, I promise they will improve both your health and beauty for the fall season and beyond!
Hydrate, Eat Well & Exercise.
Make sure you drink enough water, eat your greens (soups, stews and adding side salads to meals help me with this!), get enough fruit (especially immunity boosting vitamin C ones!), and move at least 30 minutes per day even if it's just an after dinner stroll. All of these will help keep your skin happy and youthful.
Get Enough Sleep!
The holiday season is such a crazy busy time, but it's important to get at least 7 hours of sleep or more. You need to be well rested in order to get through your day, keep your immunity up, and to keep your skin happy.
Amp Up Skin Hydration.
During the fall and winter months, your skin usually needs a bit more hydration. Consider adding in a natural face oil or organic balm to your routine to help soothe chapped lips, noses, and keep skin properly moisturized.
Get Your Tea Fix.
Herbal, green and matcha teas are my personal favorite during the fall and winter months. Cinnamon tea balances blood sugar, green and matcha teas are filled with potent antioxidants, chamomile helps with sleep, and turmeric tea/milk offers TONS of benefits. There are so many healthy teas out there to try that will boost your health and beauty.
Watch the Sugar!
Overloading on sugar can mess up your health and your skin so try to keep your sugar cravings under control. Load up on healthy fruit instead and limit your portions of all the pies, cakes, and candies that make the rounds this time of year. Sugar isn't inherently bad for your skin; it's the processed stuff you need to watch out for.
Fall Skincare
Fall skincare is something that can be as easy or as difficult as you like. If you struggle with skin hydration, simply try an organic face oil or balm to help hydrate dry spots and keep your skin balanced.
If you're plagued by skin pigmentation and discoloration, vitamin C treatment or natural vitamin A serum. For dry patches on your body, this coffee body scrub is where it's at! Keep your lips hydrated with this natural lip balm. For more skincare tips and recommendations, click the link below 😉
Fall Makeup
Fall makeup is one of my favorite things about fall. I love trying out runway makeup looks using my natural cosmetics because not only are organic makeup picks a LOT kinder to your skin, but they perform just as well.
For fall makeup, I stick to copper, bronze, and earthy neutral tones, charcoals and purple colors, berry lip colors, and keep face makeup to a minimum so I can highlight my eyes or lips. For more fall makeup ideas and inspiration, click the link below!
Did You Enjoy this Fall Beauty Guide?
Come Chat With Me!
*Affiliate links in post; Not all links are affiliate.
John Robin Warren AC (born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide) is an Australian pathologist, Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re-discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori, together with Barry Marshall.[1] The duo proved to the medical community that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori)[1] is the cause of most peptic ulcers.[1]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Warren received their M.B.B.S. degree from the University of Adelaide, having completed their high school education at St Peter's College, Adelaide.
Career [ edit ]
Warren trained at the Royal Adelaide Hospital and became Registrar in Clinical Pathology at the Institute of Medical and Veterinary Science (IMVS), where they worked in laboratory haematology which generated their interest in pathology.
In 1963, Warren was appointed Honorary Clinical Assistant in Pathology and Honorary Registrar in Haematology at Royal Adelaide Hospital. Subsequently, they lectured in pathology at Adelaide University, then took up the position of Clinical Pathology Registrar at the Royal Melbourne Hospital. In 1967, Warren was elected to the Royal College of Pathologists of Australasia and became a senior pathologist at the Royal Perth Hospital where they spent the majority of their career.
Nobel Prize work [ edit ]
At the University of Western Australia, with their colleague Barry J. Marshall, Warren proved that the bacterium is the infectious cause of stomach ulcers.[2] Warren helped develop a convenient diagnostic test (14
C-urea breath-test) for detecting H. pylori in ulcer patients.[3]
In 2005, Warren and Marshall were awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine.
An Australian documentary was made in 2006 about Warren and Marshall's road to the Nobel Prize, called "The Winner's Guide to the Nobel Prize". They were appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2007.[4]
Personal life [ edit ]
Warren married Winifred Theresa Warren (née Williams) in the early 1960s and together they had five children.[5] Winifred Warren went on to become an accomplished psychiatrist. Following their death in 1997, Warren retired from medicine.[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Despite uncertainty regarding the fiscal showdown in December, the U.S. economy once again proved its resilience last month by adding 155,000 jobs, according to new figures released Friday by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The economy is still in a weak recovery period, however, and the prospect of further spending cuts remains the biggest threat to robust economic growth. President Barack Obama and Congress should focus on accelerating job growth through policies that strengthen the middle class—such as investments in infrastructure, education, and science—and reject any calls for additional austerity in the short term.
The private sector has now added new jobs for each of the past 34 months, indicating that steady progress is being made in the recovery from the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression. The unemployment rate in December held steady at 7.8 percent but has dropped significantly from a year ago, when it was 8.5 percent.
In further good news, the construction sector, which was hit especially hard by the Great Recession, is showing signs of recovery, adding 30,000 jobs in December after having lost almost 2 million jobs since the beginning of the Great Recession. In addition, employment increased in manufacturing, as well as in several other sectors, including health care and eating and drinking establishments.
As Friday's jobs report makes clear, the economy continues to head in the right direction—though not fast enough, meaning it still faces a number of risks. Given the deep jobs hole the Great Recession put us in, the pace of the recovery is far too slow.
For more on this topic, please see:
Special for the Armenian Weekly
Following Armenia's dramatic 2-1 qualifying defeat at the hands of Albania on March 29 at the Elbasan Arena, head coach Bernard Challandes tendered their resignation from their managerial position, a job they had held for just over one year. They vacate the post exactly halfway through the Euro 2016 qualifying campaign with just a solitary point to show for their exploits, having failed to secure a win from four games played. Results since they took over have been disappointing and ultimately fell short of the high expectations both fans and FFA President Ruben Hayrapetyan had held for this campaign.
Sargis Hovsepyan was announced as their replacement on April 28, and will take the reins for Armenia's next match versus Portugal on June 13 in a caretaker role. Hovsepyan is the most capped Armenian player in history, having donned the national team jersey 132 times in a playing capacity, in a career that spanned more than 20 years. Since their retirement as a player in 2012, Hovsepyan has cut their teeth in management with FC Pyunik in the Armenian domestic top flight, as well as having spells with the Armenian under 19 and under 21 sides, picking up the necessary B and A coaching badges along the way.
The change may have come a little too late to salvage the current campaign, as Armenia sits at the bottom of the Group I table on one point, and a distant six points from the third place play-off berth. One consolation for Hovsepyan is the fact that three of the upcoming fixtures will be played at home. Having been a hero to the faithful Armenian fans down through the years as a player, there is no doubt the supporters will do everything they can to ensure that their tenure is successful. The fact that Hovsepyan has played alongside the senior players and has coached the younger players coming through is also a positive. It will ensure that the current players buy in to any changes and tactical adjustments he'll be bringing to the table.
Armenia has been struggling on the defensive side of the ball recently, failing to secure wins after having held leads in three of their first four qualifying matches under Challandes. That is a fact that Challandes is left to lament and Hovsepyan is left to deal with. Hovsepyan has a wealth of defensive experience and that should bode well for the team, as they try to right the ship defensively and restore the confidence in the players, something that has slowly ebbed away over the past year under Challandes. There is also a lot to be said for having a homegrown appointment to the job. Having an Armenian coach, and particularly one who has given so much to the setup throughout their career, can be seen as another positive at this juncture of the campaign. There should be no motivation needed for players who line out for Hovsepyan next month.
As for Challandes, they did bring in some young players and tried to bring new ideas to the Armenian setup, in particular their flirtation with a three-man defense. But ultimately, they will be left to rue the missed opportunities on the pitch: Squandering a lead in Denmark. Seeing a penalty kick saved along with the concession of a cruel late equalizer at home to Serbia. Naive defending costing the team a point in Portugal. And most recently having a sending off and two late goals erase all the good work in Albania.
Who knows what the final undoing of Challandes was. Whether it was the missed opportunities listed above, their inability to make timely in-game adjustments, or an extra lick of paint on the post that kept Ruslan Koryan's effort out in injury time in Albania. Either way, they failed to get it right.
During their tenure, there were instances and circumstances that were under their control and some that were not. As a coach, you cannot legislate for individual errors on the pitch, but you can put players in the best position to succeed. Arguably, Challandes failed to get the best from a talented set of players. But perhaps they were also a little victimized by those things outside of their control. Missed chances, individual mistakes, key player injuries, and the loss of form of their best players are problems they could have done without. Somehow, the best coaches always find a way; unfortunately for Challandes and for Armenia, they did not.
It is left to Sargis Hovsepyan to fill the breach. Whether they prove to be as solid a coach as they were a player, or whether their temporary appointment is a prelude to a permanent position, the next four matches over the next six months will tell the story.
Living in an underwater home isn't just for Captain Nemo anymore — it could soon be coming to your neighbourhood, provided you live close to water.
Dubai will soon be home to the world's first submarine suburb, composed of 42 floating, partly underwater homes the developer has dubbed “the Floating Seahorse.”
The Kleindienst Group is developing the properties as part of an offshore residential district being built 4 km off the coast of Dubai, known as the Heart of Europe.
Each house has three levels: An upper deck; a main floor with a kitchen and dining area and an open living area; and a submerged part that contains a bedroom and bathroom. Kleindienst aims to have the first residents moving in by the end of 2016.
Since the project launched in March, homebuyer interest has been so intense that the development is almost sold out, with 35 of 42 floating seahorses sold as of earlier this month, according to Dubai newspaper The National.
The developer is now saying he's willing to export the design anywhere. The company has had expressions of interest from as far away as Norway and the Caribbean, Gulf News reports.
“The Floating Seahorse is not restricted to Dubai waters and can be designed and fabricated in Dubai for other resorts and destinations worldwide,” CEO Josef Kleindienst said.
Underwater living is slowly going mainstream, and may yet become a common fixture of 21st-century life.
In recent years we've seen the arrival of underwater hotels such as Dubai's Atlantis hotel and underwater nightclubs like the Maldives' Subsix.
But for now, costs are prohibitive. A night at Dubai's underwater Atlantic will run you anywhere from $1,200 Canadian up to $7,000.
And one thing the developer of the “Floating Seahorse” isn't advertising heavily is the price. But it's Dubai, so if you need to ask, you probably can't afford it.
After all, it's one thing to have an underwater home, another thing altogether to have an underwater mortgage.
NASA has unveiled Valkyrie, an advanced humanoid "superhero" robot that appears female and may one day be used to explore Mars.
The “Valkyrie” robot, designed by NASA scientists to compete in the DARPA Robotics Challenge (DRC), is 1.9-metres tall and weighs 125 kilograms. In Norse mythology, the Valkyrie were female figures who chose which fighters who died in battle were worthy of Valhalla.
While officially a genderless humanoid robot, Valkyrie was designed to have female characteristics from the start, IEEE reports. It has a pronounced chest area, with internal motors that glow like Iron Man, and padding to protect it from a fall.
The flexible Valkyrie has 44 degrees of axes of rotation in its joints and is powered by a battery backpack, which can keep it operating for an hour. It can walk on its own, pick up objects and manipulate objects and tools, which are part of the requirements for the DARPA challenge, CNET reports.
"We really wanted to design the appearance of this robot to be one that when you saw it you'd say ‘wow, that's awesome'", said NASA JSC's Dexterous Robotics Lab Project leader Nicolaus Radford.
Valkyrie's left and right arms are interchangeable, so they can be quickly switched out or replaced in just a few minutes if damaged.
The robot is also covered in soft cloth, resembling clothes, which act as protection and also make it more appealing to human coworkers.
"We take our soft goods very seriously,” Mr Radford told IEEE. "Our robot is soft. If you brush against it while you're working, you don't want to feel this cold, hard metal. You want it to feel natural, like you're working next to another human being. The soft goods, the clothes we put on the robot, give it that feel, that appearance of being more comfortable to be near."
Valkyrie will compete in the DARPA challenge, which aims to create robots that can be used in dangerous environments like nuclear spills. In the challenge, robots will be put through their paces and asked to do drive, climb a ladder, walk over uneven terrain, clear debris, break down walls and connect a fire house.
NASA uses the contest as a way to develop robots that may one day be used to explore our universe, saying the technology is “critical for long-term human space exploration.”
“We want to get to Mars. Likely, NASA will send robots ahead of the astronauts to the planet. These robots will start preparing the way for the human explorers and when humans arrive, the robots and humans will work together,” said Mr Radford.
Foreign Oil Imports at Lowest Level Since Before Y2K
U.S. crude oil imports have fallen to their lowest level since 1999, according to data provided by the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), an arm of the U.S. Department Of Energy (DOE).
Crude oil imports for 2011 averaged 8.9 million barrels per day (bbl/d), falling below the 9 million bbl/d mark for the first time since 1999, and down 12 percent since hitting a peak of 10.1 million bbl/d in 2005.
Increased Domestic Production, Lower Demand, or Both?
The contributing factors to the steady drop in U.S. crude oil imports are decreased consumption and a recent increase in domestic oil production, according to the EIA.
“Purchases of imported crude oil have declined because U.S. refiners had more supplies from domestic crude production to use, particularly higher oil output from Texas and North Dakota's Bakken formation,” the EIA said. “Texas oil production last year reached its highest level since 1997, and North Dakota appears to have pushed past California in December as the third biggest oil producing state.”
“The increased production trend is attributable primarily to a sustained period of high prices, and vast improvements in technology to find and bring oil to market,” Tom Kloza, chief oil analyst for the Oil Price Information Service (OPIS), told Consumer Energy Report. “The lower demand is a bit more puzzling. Some of it relies on a more efficient fleet, but turning over the fleet is a process that moves at a glacial pace. Something else is afoot in the last six months — my hunch is that there is a more secular change in travel, both for work and for leisure.”
Strange Magic
Strange Magic
Strange Magic is a series of systems by Interjection Games that focuses on providing fun, flavorful, and unique options for characters. From advanced musical compositions to drawing out the power of the ether or using exquisitely precise naming to command the universe, there's no shortage of fun options.
Individually, the parts of Strange Magic are smaller than some of the other systems on this site, so they've been collected on this page to help avoid clutter.
The Assassin About: The Assassin is death on two legs, using potent techniques to reap the life from their foes. Through intense training, they can learn skills like acupressure, execution, infiltration, and magehunting to use against their targets. Source: The Assassin: A Modular, Momentum Maneuvers Class -The Assassin
-Assassin Techniques Options:
-Assassin Feats
The Primordial Dancer About: The Primordial Dancer draws on magic and movement alike to get where they're needed and do what needs to be done. They're particularly good at stringing combos together for potent (and useful) effects. Source: The Primordial Dancer: Creation's Muse -The Primordial Dancer
-Dances List Other:
-Primordial Dancer Feats
The Reaper About: The Reaper is an modular class that allows for an extreme variety of playstyles - and in particular, it's geared towards players who frequently want to play something different. Source: The Reaper; or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Just Play Everything: A Modular, All-in-One Build-Your-Own-Binder Chassis for Suffering Altaholics -The Reaper
-Soulsown Talents
Runesmithing About: Runesmithing is a rare art that focuses on creating symbols that channel magic for specific purposes. These symbols come in two varieties - Equipment runes can be drawn onto gear for various effects, while Projection runes emit power in a particular way. Source: Ultimate Runesmithing Classes:
-Runesmith Options:
-Runesmithing Feats Runes:
-Equipment Runes
-Projection Runes
Share:
After discussing who will provide legal services, a relevant question here is “What is the practice of law?” Coming up with a definition of the practice of law has proven to be very difficult. Many have tried, and many have failed, including an American Bar Association Commission. For the purposes of this article we won't attempt to come up with the definitive definition of the practice of law. Let's just say that the practice of law includes giving legal advice. We also won't attempt to define what “the giving of legal advice” is other than to say it is what lawyers have traditionally done.
The key point to note is that the practice of law or the giving of legal advice is important as either triggers inclusion in the legal services regulatory regime. But, what about the services offered by some of the newer forms of legal service providers? Is a legal forms site that helps you complete a document giving you legal advice? How about an answer to a query you posted on a legal Q&A site? Or when a problem with your online purchase is resolved with an online dispute resolution process? Is a software program that creates a document tailored to your facts giving you legal advice? In many cases these websites and online tools are doing work that is the same or very similar to what lawyers do. However, if you take a look at the terms of service on online legal services sites you will find they all explicitly say they are not practising law or providing legal advice. It almost seems as if incremental unauthorized practice of law (known as UPL) is chipping away at the foundations of the legal profession. This leads to the tomorrow's question: Should legal service providers be regulated?
So what will the law firm of the future look like? There are a number of possibilities, some that will be similar to or evolve from existing types of firms, others that will be entirely new. Click the thumbnail below to see types of firms we will probably see 10 to 15 years from now:
This article is from the September 2013 issue of LAWPRO Magazine, which can be read in full here.
Home / Blog / Article
September 2: Who Shrugged Today?
Natalie Le
The following is the opening sentence from Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged:
A white rectangle hung over the city, imparting the date to the men in the streets below. In the rusty light of this evening's sunset, the rectangle said: .
Since today is Sepbember 2, it's fitting that we remember a lesson from Atlas Shrugged that applies to real life.
Atlas Shrugged, although a novel published in 1957, is essentially the telling of America's current situation, where incessant government interventions prohibit citizens from making choices that sustain and better their lives and those around them.
Take the recent example of Jerry Seinfield's son, who ran a lemonade stand to raise money for charity. The police officer put a stop to its operations because they were operating the lemonade stand without a permit.
What?
Any Rand believed that people should not be hampered by regulations that prevent us from performing a service that entails voluntary exchanges. We ought to be given the freedom to make choices that fulfill our own interests and not the interest of the authority. The power of the free market opens to creativity (the lemonade stand) and empathy (charity) that is vital to a well-functioning society.
If we continue to let authority and regulations become even more intrusive, stopping people from making their own choices, even when those choices are not harmful and do not infringe the rights of others, then innovation across all fields will be stunted – not just the lemonade stand.
As Ayn Rand said that “the question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.”
Today we signed an agreement to acquire Icontrol Networks Inc., an Austin, Texas-based company that creates technology and platforms for connected home security and the Internet of Things.
Icontrol has been an important technology partner for Comcast since the launch of Xfinity Home in 2010. The main business we are acquiring is Icontrol's "Converge" software platform. That platform powers the Xfinity Home touch-screen panel and back-end servers, allowing them to communicate with and manage security sensors in the home, as well as supporting home-automation devices like cameras and thermostats.
Another company, Alarm.com, today announced that it would purchase the other elements of Icontrol's business.
Icontrol has been innovating around the Internet of Things since it was founded in 2003, and built edge-based platforms and technologies that support connected home security for not just Xfinity Home, but for a number of leading MSOs. We look forward to continuing to serve customers using the Converge software platform and to growing Icontrol's wholesale business by accelerating the development of new services and features.
As this business becomes part of Comcast, we will strategically invest in its technology and technologists, so that we can deliver new features, products and services to both individual Xfinity Home customers and enterprise-level Converge customers, faster than ever before.
The Icontrol employees in Austin who are joining Comcast will make up a new Comcast engineering center of excellence in Austin that can take advantage of the great energy and talent that city has to offer. That team will work closely with our engineers in Philadelphia and Silicon Valley to build simple, elegant and powerful connected-home and connected home security products for our customers.
We're excited to welcome this impressive team of technologists into Comcast, and look forward to what comes next.
Dive Against Debris: Employing 25,600 scuba divers to collect data
A global citizen science program that trains scuba divers to conduct underwater surveys, generating quantitative data on the debris they see.
In 2011, the team at Project AWARE launched the Dive Against Debris program with the objective of better documenting the amount of marine debris found in the world's oceans. This global citizen science program trains volunteer scuba divers from across the globe to conduct underwater surveys, generating quantitative data on the debris they see. After cleaning this data for quality assurance, it is then published on their interactive Dive Against Debris Map. This data and visualization informs the team's advocacy work, ultimately seeking to generate changes in policy.
The impact of marine debris is devastating, killing marine life and changing their habitats and ecosystems. Animals are extremely vulnerable to ingestion or entanglement which leads to death, as they are unable to distinguish between what is trash and what is not.
Beyond this, as microscopic pieces of plastic enter the food chain, most seafood ingested by humans also likely contains marine debris.
Project AWARE is a growing movement of scuba divers protecting the ocean, with a long history of working on the marine debris issue. Through its work, the Project AWARE team found that there was a significant lack of data available regarding underwater marine debris.
To remedy this, the Dive Against Debris program was launched in 2011. The programs seek to collect and visualise data generated by their volunteers, then use this data to influence policy changes and raise social awareness around the world. This data collection is unique in that it focuses exclusively on yielding data about the types and quantities of marine debris items found beneath in the ocean, an issue Hannah Pragnell-Raasch, a Program Specialist with Project AWARE, told us “has previously been disregarded as out of sight, out of mind, as the everyday person is not exposed to the harmful impacts.”
To date, Dive Against Debris surveys have been conducted in over 50 countries, with the top reporting countries being the United States, Thailand and Greece. As more divers get involved with Dive Against Debris, Project AWARE continues to bring visibility to the problem of marine debris and helps to identify target areas for waste prevention efforts.
Data and the map
Since 2011, divers have conducted 1772 surveys, reporting and removing 542,340 pieces of debris. The majority of this is plastic, with 344,796 pieces collected. The weight of these items combined is equal to that of over 3000 people. The items themselves are very diverse, “from the weird and whacky items like a pogo stick or set of false teeth to the usual suspects – plastic bags, drinks bottles and aluminum cans”. As Pragnell-Raasch said in their interview, “with 150 million metric tons of mismanaged plastic conservatively estimated to make its way into the ocean by 2025, it sadly comes as no surprise that plastic items are consistently the top items reported – accounting for almost 70% of all debris items reported to date.”
In order to better visualize and communicate their data and message, the Project AWARE team designed the interactive Dive Against Debris Map. The map allows the user to explore the data in an interactive way and discover the types and amounts of debris scuba divers around the world have removed and reported since 2011.
The data and scuba divers
While there have been over 25,600 divers in more than 1,500 Dives Against Debris surveys across the globe, there is more to be done. Project AWARE hope that more divers will get involved and “put their scuba skills to good use”.10 But the group of citizens who can contribute to this effort is somewhat limited: only divers have the skills required to collect this data.
Anyone can take part in a Dive Against Debris survey, as long as they are a certified diver. As described in their “Action Zone”, scuba divers can either “join” or “create” an action. To further support the program, Project AWARE launched the Dive Against Debris Distinctive Specialty, a course of divers, which “aims to equip students (scuba divers) with the skills and knowledge necessary to conduct their own Dive Against Debris Surveys.”
Before the data appears on the interactive Dive Against Debris Map, it goes through a quality review in order to ensure data integrity. The survey leader at Project AWARE corrects any data inconsistencies. Then, as the focus is exclusively on what is found underwater, all land data is removed. Project AWARE Aware aims to create “an accurate perspective about underwater marine debris, that policy-makers simply cannot ignore”.
Data for policy change
The ultimate objective of collecting this data is to change the way the marine debris issue is addressed around the globe. In order to address this, the Project AWARE team believes in policy changes–including passing and then enforcing stronger regulations, at local, national and international levels. They are actively seeking out opportunities to present their findings to policymakers to improve waste management, presenting at international conferences, speaking directly with governments and working with alliance partners.
Explore the Dive Against Debris project here.
This article was originally published by DataShift, republished here under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International License. Read the original article here.
U.S. manufacturing activity rebounded in December, according to a report released Thursday.
The Institute of Supply Management's monthly reading on the U.S. manufacturing sector came in at 50.7 in December, moving the index off its 2012 low of 49.5 in November. The index is compiled from a survey of manufacturing supply managers, and any number above 50 indicates the sector is growing.
The December expansion marked only the third time the sector grew in the last seven months.
New manufacturing orders grew for the fourth consecutive month, even though some respondents worried about tax implications in the new year and global economic conditions.
"We are seeing stabilization of orders and costs as well as production capacity for the first time in months," one of the manufacturers, interviewed for the survey, said.
Factories have continued to hire, a welcome sign ahead of the monthly employment report on the U.S. job market due out Friday. The ISM employment index increased by 4.3 percentage points last month.
November's employment report showed that manufacturers cut 7,000 jobs. Most of the losses came from food manufacturing, which was not a surprise given that Twinkies-maker Hostess announced early in the month that it planned to layoff 18,500 workers.
Global manufacturing reports have shown a mixed picture across the world.
A separate report on Thursday showed that manufacturing in Europe ended the year on a weak note. The eurozone purchasing manager's index contracted for the 17th month in a row, as levels of production and new orders continued to wane in December. The sector declined even further this month in Germany, Spain, Austria and Greece, but eased in France, Italy and the Netherlands.
Related: Manufacturing expansion accelerates in China
The news was far better in China, where factories continued their expansion in December, according to a key manufacturing index released Monday. HSBC said its Chinese purchasing managers' index, or PMI, rose to a 19-month high of 51.5 in December from 50.5 last month.
The fate of manufacturing in China is considered a barometer of the global economy because of the country's role as a powerhouse exporter of manufactured goods.
Chilling Video Shows Driver "Trying To Lure Young Girls Into Van With Doughnuts"
A mother has released terrifying CCTV footage of a van driver pulling up next to their garden in an "attempt to trick their three young girls into their vehicle".
The chilling video, belonging to mum-of-two Rechelle Haigh, shows their children Sade, eight, two-year-old Ameya and step-daughter Roxie, six, playing on a trampoline together when a man in a large white van appears.
They stop their vehicle nearby their garden in Partrington, Greater Manchester before shouting over to the three girls whilst waving what appears to be a bag of doughnuts.
Ms Haigh's eight-year-old daughter Sade then heroically grabs their step-sister Roxie, before going back for toddler Ameya, who can be seen innocently waving at the stranger.
Picture: Rechelle Marcia Haigh
The terrified mother told The Sun that they shared the footage on Facebook in a stark warning to other parents.
They said: "They were playing outside on the trampoline and I heard a screech, and it was them doing an emergency stop.
"I was sitting on my couch and I could hear them shouting 'come on, quick girls, come get some doughnuts'.”
Rechelle reportedly confronted the man, who told them they were “just offering the girls some doughnuts”.
They have now reported the incident to Greater Manchester Police who are investigating.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have changed significantly under coach Peter Horachek. The top-scoring team in the league with Randy Carlyle manning the bench has suddenly tightened up while suffering through its lowest-scoring January history. The question on the minds of observers is: Can we blame Horachek for the dramatic decrease in offence?
To some extent, the underlying stats make a case that the Leafs should be seeing and increased likelihood of winning with their possession numbers having improved significantly. The shooting has dipped across the board and most players on the team have been scoring significantly less, but it the leading scorers have gone particularly dry.
Already enjoying Sportsnet ONE? Now get access to digital editions of Sportsnet magazine at no extra cost.
Horachek has repeatedly insisted that their team will play a 5-5-5 system in all three zones—the forwards will provide defensive support and outlet options for pressured puck carriers, thus limiting offensive opportunities for the opposition and helping to maintain puck possession. Unfortunately for some of the Leafs more offensively gifted scorers, this means less flying the zone early for deep passes leading to rush shots.
The effects of the change can be seen quite starkly when comparing the scoring-chance generation rates for individual skaters under Carlyle versus under Horachek.
The most interesting comparison is the type of players generating more chances under Horachek. The Leafs' most effective possession players this year (as measured by dCorsi) are Richard Panik, Daniel Winnik, Mike Santorelli, Leo Komarov, Jake Gardiner and Nazem Kadri. All six have produced scoring chances at higher rates since the switch to Horachek.
At the other end of the spectrum, there have been massive declines for Tyler Bozak, Phil Kessel and to a lesser extent Morgan Rielly and James van Riemsdyk. Those four have largely been generating shot attempts at the expense of more chances against in their own end. Defence had definitely been a secondary concern for that group prior to the coaching change.
Under Horachek, increased demands have been placed upon the entire team in terms of defensive responsibility and supporting the puck on breakouts. Many of the rush chances the JVR-Bozak-Kessel line had generated earlier in the season by flying the zone are drying up, particularly for Bozak and Kessel.
Another way to illustrate that is by breaking out scoring chances by type. Using data from war-on-ice.com we can differentiate between individual scoring chances for Leafs before and after the coaching change by danger levels based on location and type of chance. That allows an exploration of the mix of scoring chances under the new coach to see what shifts are taking place.
Below we can see that approximately 44 percent of Toronto's scoring chances under Carlyle were medium-danger shots (MDS), four percent were high-danger rushes (HRS) and six percent were high-danger rebounds (HDReb)
Comparing those numbers to the (relatively brief) Horachek era, the changes are obvious. The Leafs are definitely generating a lower percentage of chances from HRS and HDRebs, with most of those chances shifting towards Med Shots. HRS and HDRebs are quite specifically the most likely to go in for goals. A rebound shot that requires a goaltender to shift laterally through a significant angle will result in a goal more 35 percent of the time, and that shooting percentage only increases as you get closer to the net into High Danger areas.
This data lends credence to the view that the current roster isn't suited to play this style of more defensive hockey, though I would argue a more drastic shift is required than what the Leafs have shown thus far. In the 5-2 victory over Columbus, and the 1-0 loss to Los Angeles the Leafs briefly promoted Panik into the top six, rewarding them for some very solid play in recent weeks.
In those two games, Panik generated seven scoring chances in 35.8 minutes of ice time, which equates to an individual scoring chance rate (iSC60) of 11.73 scoring chances per 60 minutes. That is an elite rate, and it's hard to believe they wouldn't eventually start going in. Their 9.86 iSC60 in all games Horachek has coached thus far ranks second on the Leafs, and would put them ahead of 90 percent of NHL forwards. They have been posting solid numbers all season and likely deserves more of a look in a top-six role. Clearing cap space is something the Leafs need to do, and letting younger players like Panik take a larger role makes sense given where things have been trending.
It should also be noted that the defensive emphasis is making a significant impact in another way: The vast majority of Leafs regulars have seen significant improvement in the percentage of scoring chances the team is generating while they are on the ice at even strength. While the scoring has slowed significantly, there are still many reasons for optimism in Leaf land, even if they're hard to see from the bottom of the hole they've dug themselves.
[digg-reddit-me]Andrew Sullivan postulates that there is a “silver lining” to the “right's apoplexy” in that it has moved the Republican Party away from its christianist social policies to a focus on economic libertarianism.
I'm far from convinced by this argument however – as my impression is that the real impetus behind the opposition to Obama isn't economic as much as cultural. Concern about the size of government and the deficits don't seem to be strongly related to either the size of government or deficits, but about who is in power. Ronald Reagan ballooned the size of the deficit and enlarged the size of government, yet is beloved by those who now (and in 1992) claimed to be very concerned about the role of government and deficits. George W. Bush had strong support from the right during their term, and I don't recall any Tea Party Protests during their watch – yet they presided over ridiculous deficits and an expansion of the government in every direction, from national security matters to health care (Medicare Part D) to the financial and automotive sectors to the tens of thousands of small pork projects.
Yet suddenly, a liberal becomes president – a moderate, pragmatic liberal who seems genuinely focused on reducing the mid- and long-term deficits – and Tea Parties erupt to protest all the programs he's running (which they inherited). It seems outright naive to attribute these protests to a rejuvenation of economic conservatism – especially given the “hot button” issues that arise: government-sponsored (and maybe forced!) abortion and euthanasia and illegal immigrants getting health care. I know that Sullivan isn't this naive – he's just looking for the silver lining. But I don't think one is there.
The protests aren't about the size of government or its role; they are a viceral response to the fact that a liberal now runs the government. That frustration is rooted in cultural and social issues, rather than economic ones. Which is why deficit politics only becomes powerful when Democrats are in control of the White House.
[Image by Steve Rhodes licensed under Creative Commons.]
Like this: Like Loading...
Chapter 1 - Reading from a CSV
# Render our plots inline %matplotlib inline import pandas as pd import matplotlib.pyplot as plt pd.set_option('display.mpl_style', 'default') # Make the graphs a bit prettier plt.rcParams['figure.figsize'] = (15, 5)
1.1 Reading data from a CSV file
You can read data from a CSV file using the read_csv function. By default, it assumes that the fields are comma-separated.
We're going to be looking some cyclist data from Montréal. Here's the original page (in French). We're using the data from 2012. Download the bikes.csv file to try out the below examples.
This dataset is a list of how many people were on 7 different bike paths in Montreal, each day.
import pandas as pd broken_df = pd.read_csv('bikes.csv') # Look at the first 3 rows broken_df[:3]
Output:
Date;Berri 1;Br�beuf (donn�es non disponibles);C�te-Sainte-Catherine;Maisonneuve 1;Maisonneuve 2;du Parc;Pierre-Dupuy;Rachel1;St-Urbain (donn�es non disponibles) 0 01/01/2012;35;;0;38;51;26;10;16; 1 02/01/2012;83;;1;68;153;53;6;43; 2 03/01/2012;135;;2;104;248;89;3;58; 3 rows × 1 columns
You'll notice that this is totally broken! read_csv has a bunch of options that will let us fix that, though. Here we'll
Change the column separator to a ;
Set the encoding to '_latin1_' (the default is '_utf8_' )
(the default is ) Parse the dates in the 'Date' column
column Tell it that our dates have the date first instead of the month first
Set the index to be the 'Date' column
fixed_df = pd.read_csv('bikes.csv', sep=';', encoding='latin1', parse_dates=['Date'], dayfirst=True, index_col='Date') fixed_df[:3]
Output:
Berri 1 Brébeuf (données non disponibles) Côte-Sainte-Catherine Maisonneuve 1 Maisonneuve 2 du Parc Pierre-Dupuy Rachel1 St-Urbain (données non disponibles) Date 2012-01-01 35 NaN 0 38 51 26 10 16 NaN 2012-01-02 83 NaN 1 68 153 53 6 43 NaN 2012-01-03 135 NaN 2 104 248 89 3 58 NaN 3 rows × 9 columns
1.2 Selecting a column
When you read a CSV, you get a kind of object called a DataFrame, which is made up of rows and columns. You get columns out of a DataFrame the same way you get elements out of a dictionary.
Here's an example:
fixed_df['Berri 1']
Output:
Date 2012-01-01 35 2012-01-02 83 2012-01-03 135 2012-01-04 144 2012-01-05 197 2012-01-06 146 2012-01-07 98 2012-01-08 95 2012-01-09 244 2012-01-10 397 2012-01-11 273 2012-01-12 157 2012-01-13 75 2012-01-14 32 2012-01-15 54 ... 2012-10-22 3650 2012-10-23 4177 2012-10-24 3744 2012-10-25 3735 2012-10-26 4290 2012-10-27 1857 2012-10-28 1310 2012-10-29 2919 2012-10-30 2887 2012-10-31 2634 2012-11-01 2405 2012-11-02 1582 2012-11-03 844 2012-11-04 966 2012-11-05 2247 Names: Berri 1, Length: 310, dtype: int64
1.3 Plotting a column
Just add .plot() to the end! How could it be easier? =)
We can see that, unsurprisingly, not many people are biking in January, February, and March.
import pandas as pd import matplotlib.pyplot as plt fixed_df = pd.read_csv('bikes.csv', sep=';', encoding='latin1', parse_dates=['Date'], dayfirst=True, index_col='Date') fixed_df['Berri 1'].plot()
Output:
fixed_df.plot(figsize=(15, 10)) plt.show()
We can also plot all the columns just as easily. We'll make it a little bigger, too. You can see that it's more squished together, but all the bike paths behave basically the same – if it's a bad day for cyclists, it's a bad day everywhere.
Output:
1.4 Putting all that together
Here's the code we needed to write do draw that graph, all together:
df = pd.read_csv('bikes.csv', sep=';', encoding='latin1', parse_dates=['Date'], dayfirst=True, index_col='Date') df['Berri 1'].plot()
Output:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GERMANTOWN --
When the final bell sounds at Dogwood Elementary, the kids go flying home, but lately, parents say it hasn't been so quiet.
“I just saw them asking children stuff. I didn't know what they were saying, said Brittany Quesenberry, a parent.
A woman has stopped kids "to talk."
One parent said the woman told their son about "Satan worship."
Shocking?
Not one bit to most out here.
"When I walk they stop me sometimes," said one person.
"She has thrown glass in our pool, and peas in our pool because they said it was possessed by the devil," said Kristina Garner.
Garner lives near the woman and says they have kidnapped people's pets and locked them in their attic.
They worry she'll grab a kid.
Lately, the woman's fascination appears to be the elementary school.
"She has been to the school, talked to the principal and told the principal to put boats on the roof because a flood was coming," said Garner.
Several Germantown Police Officers told WREG they visited the woman's home more than 20 times in one month.
Several neighbors on their block have restraining orders against them
Police said they're powerless.
They bring them in for help, and doctors let them out again in a few weeks, and it starts over again.
"It's a little scary."
"We have so many kids who are walkers."
Parents are getting worried.
They want tougher laws to give the city more power to protect their children.
"Does it have to be something that happens something dramatic before action is taken,"
FBI Director James Comey, right, testifies before the House Homeland Security Committee on July 14. Hackers suspected in new attack on Democrats
Hackers apparently affiliated with Russian intelligence have launched a cyberattack targeting donors to the Democratic Party's House campaign arm, sources and news reports said Thursday night, adding to the troubles unleashed by last week's disclosure of embarrassing internal emails from the Democratic National Committee.
The latest hack, aimed at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, was perpetrated by one the two Russian-based groups previously blamed for rifling through the DNC's computer networks and making off with emails and other documents, a security expert familiar with the latest breach told POLITICO. But this new attack "appears to be a bit different" the source said.
Story Continued Below
"It's part of a broader intelligence collection effort," the source said, adding: "It's maybe an attempt to harvest credentials. ... It's not an email grab like the DNC."
Even so, it ought to stoke anxiety for people throughout the political process, said Jim Manley, a former top spokesperson for Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid.
"Everybody at the different campaign committees better get used to to idea that their computer systems have been hacked by bad actors and plan accordingly, because we may be headed in to unchartered territory here," Manley said by email.
The latest attack, which Reuters first reported less than three hours before Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton gave their acceptance speech in Philadelphia, will certainly increase scrutiny of the party's cybersecurity, as well as the Clinton campaign's allegations that Russian hackers are trying to interfere in the presidential election to aid Donald Trump. The DNC and DCCC have offices at the same address near Capitol Hill.
Reuters said the newest exploit involved creating a bogus website whose name closely resembled that of a company that processes donbations for the DCCC.
Cybersecurity experts inside and outside the government have said the breach of the DNC's computers appears tied to Russian intelligence services, but the administration has not officially blamed a culprit or specified a motive for the attack. The security firm CrowdStrike has blamed the DNC breaches on two entities, dubbed Cozy Bear and Fancy Bear, that appear to have ties to major Russian intelligence services.
The FBI is investigating the DNC hack as a criminal matter. It didn't respond to multiple requests for comment from POLITICO about the reported attack on the DCCC. The White House referred questions to FBI.
Reuters said the DCCC attack could have begun as recently as June, the same month the DNC hack became publicly known.
Reuters said: "That was when a spoof website was registered with a name closely resembling that of a main donation site connected to the DCCC," apparently referring to ActBlue. "For some time, Internet traffic associated with donations that was supposed to go to a company that processes campaign donations instead went to the spoof site, two sources said."
The fake site's internet protocol address "resembled one used by a Russian government-linked hacking group," Reuters added.
ActBlue executive director Erin Hill said in a statement that their organization's "systems, servers and donor information is, was and remains secure.”
“We, as ActBlue, were not hacked, we pride ourselves on our security protocols and want all of our donors and express users to know that their information was not compromised,” Hill said.
Also on Thursday, two dozen former Republican national security officials urged Congress in a letter to investigate the DNC breach, calling it “an assault on the integrity of the entire American political process.”
“This is not a partisan issue,” argue the letter's signers, including Ronald Reagan State Department official Robert Kagan, George W. Bush deputy national security adviser Elliott Abrams and former John McCain speechwriter Mark Salter. The letter was first reported by The Washington Post.
Eric Geller, Scott Bland, Nancy Scola and Elana Schor contributed to this report.
On the heels of a very similar promotion from AT&T, Sprint has decided to allow any of their subscribers to add phone insurance to their plan throughout the month. Normally, you can only get a device insured within the first 30 days after purchase, so this is a good deal if you dragged your feet back when you first got your phone or LTE-capable tablet.
The plans, branded as Total Equipment Protection (TEP) and TEP Plus, are serviced by Asurion, just like AT&T. Both will cost you monthly fees that go higher if your phone is newer or nicer. TEP Plus is only for "higher-end" devices and brings with it a higher monthly fee but no deductibles on the first two claims. Here's a quick comparison, courtesy of Sprint:
Now, as I warned with AT&T's promo, it's kind of difficult to make these kinds of plans into a winning proposition. You should definitely look into our phone insurance guide before buying. Oftentimes, you'd be better off sticking that money in an envelope every month and using it to pay for any necessary repairs or replacements out of pocket.
If you are in a situation where it's right for you, though, this is a great opportunity to get it. Sprint wants to drive some more interest in the program, so this is an infrequent chance to enroll outside the normal period.
When the Arizona Cardinals were signing undrafted rookies after the draft, inside linebacker was a priority. It happens to be a position of concern. After bringing in several, the players are shining in their own way.
According to head coach Bruce Arians, they are doing well. When asked who is doing well in the absence of Sean Weatherspoon, who has been out with a hamstring injury, Arians mentioned Edwin Jackson (now called Poundcake), Andrae Kirk and Alani Fua.
Earlier in camp, they brought up Gabe Martin as a guy they want to watch.
Kirk "has stepped up."
Jackson also "has stepped up."
Fua, who was given the biggest signing bonus of all the undrafted rookies, "really flashes at times," according to Arians. "He's a big, long guy that inside, outside, nickel, dime; he's a guy that could really have position flexibility that could do a lot of things."
It is certain Sean Weatherspoon and Kevin Minter will be on the roster. After that, at inside linebacker, the position is wide open. There are Glenn Carson and Kenny Demens who both were on the roster last year, but any of the undrafted kids could push for one or both backup jobs.
As we start the preseason, that position will be one to watch when the reserves go in.
Synaptic plasticity deficits are increasingly recognized as causing the memory impairments which define Alzheimer's disease (AD). In AD mouse models, evidence of abnormal synaptic function is present before the onset of cognitive deficits, and presents as increased synaptic depression revealed only when synaptic homeostasis is challenged, such as with suppression of ryanodine receptor (RyR)-evoked calcium signaling. Otherwise, at early disease stages, the synaptic physiology phenotype appears normal. This suggests compensatory mechanisms are recruited to maintain a functionally normal net output of the hippocampal circuit. A candidate calcium-regulated synaptic modulator is nitric oxide (NO), which acts presynaptically to boost vesicle release and glutamatergic transmission. Here we tested whether there is a feedforward cycle between the increased RyR calcium release seen in presymptomatic AD mice and aberrant NO signaling which augments synaptic plasticity. Using a combination of electrophysiological approaches, two-photon calcium imaging, and protein biochemistry in hippocampal tissue from presymptomatic 3xTg-AD and NonTg mice, we show that blocking NO synthesis results in markedly augmented synaptic depression mediated through presynaptic mechanisms in 3xTg-AD mice. Additionally, blocking NO reduces the augmented synaptically evoked dendritic calcium release mediated by enhanced RyR calcium release. This is accompanied by increased nNOS levels in the AD mice and is reversed upon normalization of RyR-evoked calcium release with chronic dantrolene treatment. Thus, recruitment of NO is serving a compensatory role to boost synaptic transmission and plasticity during early AD stages. However, NO's dual role in neuroprotection and neurodegeneration may convert to maladaptive functions as the disease progresses.
Copyright © 2015 the authors 0270-6474/15/356893-10$15.00/0.
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption The original map resembled a "giant penis" according to social media users
A map issued by police trying to find witnesses to an assault looked like a "giant penis", it was claimed.
Avon and Somerset Police issued the image on Monday after a man was stabbed in Shirehampton, Bristol.
The similarity was pointed out on social media and reported by the Bristol Post.
The police have since issued an altered picture and said "whatever the map may have resembled should not distract from the severity of the crime".
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption One Twitter user
Image copyright Twitter
A police spokesperson said: "This is a serious appeal for information after a man was left in need of hospital treatment following a violent assault.
"Whatever the map may have resembled should not distract from the severity of the crime and our request for help from the public."
Image copyright Avon and Somerset Police Image caption The map has now been changed by the police
The 26-year-old victim remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital, after the incident last Friday, the police said.
A 27-year-old woman and a 30-year-old man have been arrested and have been released on bail pending further inquiries.
This is another beer that was sent to me from my sister's friend. You've recently seen that I found several North Carolina beers in the fridge that have been there for a bit – Duck Rabbit Milk Stout, Highland Kashmir IPA, Big Boss Bad Penny Brown Ale, and Highland Gaelic Ale. I figure I'd better make my way through these beers soon, and today has been a relaxing day when I could plow through a few of them. This bottle was marked 5/11.
Location: Poured into a snifter glass from the bottle at my home in Bloomington, IL.
Numbers: 5.6% ABV, 160 Calories
Appearance & Aroma: It's dark brown in color, but fairly opaque when held up to the light. It's got a very thick, fluffy, tan head, that had some great retention, and left some nice lacing on the glass. The head made it tough to pick up on any aroma but there was a bit of a toastiness and nuttiness.
Taste & Feel: The body is light and the mouthfeel was crisp from all carbonation in it. The crispness made it tough to tell any flavors upfront, but in the middle, an earthy hop bitterness was noticeable with a nutty flavor in the background. It finished with the same earthy hop bitterness, but also a bit of roasty, slightly coffee-like bitterness as well. However, only the earthy hop and nutty flavors stuck around for a minutes or so in the aftertaste.
Food Pairing: This had darker flavors of roastiness, nuttiness, earthiness, and some coffee. the combination of those flavors reminded me a lot of some BBQ sauces I've had, and I think it would pair nicely with some good BBQ. In particular, I think a darker, molasses based sauce might go pretty good with this beer.
Overall Impression: I think the amount of carbonation in this beer probably came from its age, but it also left a great head on this beer. I thought the complex mix of flavors in this beer was nice, mixing roastiness, nuttiness, earthiness, and some coffee flavors. Overall, I thought, despite its age, it was a pretty good beer, and I'd love the chance to try a fresh one.
My Rating:
Reader Ratings[five-star-rating]
Tesla is making a rare appearance as an exhibitor at this year's LA Auto Show in Southern California, as the company aims to become a mass market producer of all-electric vehicles.
The event, taking place between December 1 – 10 at the Los Angeles Convention Center, draws automakers from across the world, and in recent years has become their platform to showcase the latest self-driving technology from their upcoming electric fleets.
Without the need for traditional advertising while relying on its devout fanbase for marketing, Silicon Valley-based Tesla has traditionally shied away from exhibiting at auto shows. The company has opted-out of attending the famed Detroit auto show that's more formally known as the North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) in years past, but managed to make a splash at the 2016 LA Auto Show when it rolled in its Model X mobile showroom.
However, taking center stage this year at Tesla's exhibitor area in the South Hall of the LA convention center is a gorgeous red Model 3 that's framed by the company's line of energy products.
[Source: RPM Automobile via Instagram] [Source: Car Magazine UK]
Though the LA Auto Show is small by comparison to the Paris Motor Show and International Geneva Motor Show, Tesla's participation in an auto show that's located in the company's home market makes a lot of sense in many ways.
For one, CEO Elon Musk has made it plenty clear that volume production of Model 3 has been a key focus for the company. As Tesla continues to work through factory automation challenges and aims to reach volume production of its mass market vehicle by the end of the first quarter in 2018, the company will cautiously produce first customer cars to those taking delivery closest to its Fremont, California factory. Los Angeles is a key market for Tesla and will likely see the bulk of first deliveries.
Participation in the LA Auto Show that's located just miles from the company's Design Center in Hawthorne is also logistically easier to carry out, and has a lower cost barrier for entry than out-of-state auto shows.
Below is a map of the Los Angeles Convention Center's exhibit hall. Tesla is located in the South Hall near Audi and Jaguar, two automakers that are also showcasing electrified fleets.
Do you have Model 3 photos you'd like to share with us? DM us @Teslarati or email tips@teslarati.com.
Six Colorado housing agencies will receive $412,668 to help veterans and their families access affordable housing, according to U.S. Sen. Michael Bennet's office.
The money comes from a $60 million pool run by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing program. Each housing agency receiving funding is partnered with a VA medical facility.
Those partnerships receiving money are:
Aurora Housing Authority and Eastern Colorado Health Care System: $96,660
Fort Collins Housing Authority and Cheyenne VA Medical Center: $69,600
Denver Housing Authority and Eastern Colorado Health Care System: $66,240
Colorado Division of Housing and Eastern Colorado Health Care System: $65,280
Housing Authority of the city of Pueblo and both Eastern Colorado Health Care System and Pueblo Community-based Outpatient Clinic: $48,840
Grand Junction Housing Authority and Grand Junction VA Medical Center: $33,408
Colorado Division of Housing and both New Mexico Health Care System and Durango Community-based Outpatient Clinic: $32,640
With its two allocations combined, the Colorado Division of Housing will receive $97,920, the most of any agency in the state.
Nationwide, nearly $38 million was allocated to assist 5,269 homeless veterans, according to a HUD news release. Spokesman Brian Sullivan said there is approximately $22.4 million left in this year's budget. They anticipate that money will serve an additional 2,700 homeless veterans.
Last year, $64.8 million was allocated for 9,333 vouchers. Of that total, agencies in Colorado received $615,859, or 0.9 percent, according to a HUD document.
The money last year was split among the Jefferson County Housing Authority in Denver, the Colorado Division of Housing in Colorado Springs, the Fort Collins Housing Authority and the Colorado Division of Housing in Durango.
The HUD-VASH program has data about site funding dating to 2008.
Agencies must apply for the money and they must be near a VA medical center, Sullivan said.
They also have to have an interest in administering the housing vouchers, they said. Vouchers are distributed through tenant-based and project-based awards. For tenant-based awards, veterans must locate a landlord who will accept the voucher. For project-based awards, the rental subsidy stays with the unit, Sullivan said. Those units are multifamily housing under contract with HUD.
A news release Thursday from HUD said “veterans participating in the HUD-VASH program rent privately owned housing and generally contribute no more than 30 percent of their income toward rent.”
According to a May 25 analysis of HUD data by The Washington Post, the typical renter household in Denver must spend 42.2 percent of its income to afford a two-bedroom apartment. In Adams County it's 37.9 percent; in Arapahoe County, 38.9 percent.
The Story
Cable and X-Force was an ongoing comic book series published by Marvel Comics that began in December 2012, as part of Marvel NOW! The series finds Cable awakening after Avengers vs. X-Men and on the run with their new team of X-Force from the Uncanny Avengers. The series was replaced by X-Force Volume 4.
In mid-September, 2012, Marvel Comics announced that a new title Cable and X-Force would be published in December, headed by the creative team of Dennis Hopeless and Salvador Larroca. The series harkens back to the early days of the original X-Force: Cable leads a fugitive team consisting of Domino, Colossus, Forge and Doctor Nemesis, against the newly formed Uncanny Avengers, lead by Cable's uncle, Havok. Hope Summers has a penchant for showing up in the series, as they are Cable's de facto daughter – several issues, including #005, give much attention to Hope on their journey to rejoin their father and their new X-Force team.
As part of the “All-New Marvel NOW!” campaign, a new volume of X-Force was launched in February 2014, replacing Cable and X-Force and Uncanny X-Force vol.2. It features a team of Cable, Psylocke, Fantomex and Marrow, written by X-Men: Legacy writer Simon Spurrier.
The Free Marvel Comic Download
Cable & X-Force #001 – 019 Free Download
Language : English | Year : 2012-2014 | Size : 657 MB
Screenshots :
Notes :
Columnist Charles Krauthammer stated that the CNN Republican debate in Miami “[T]he kind of thing that would have been needed, to slow down the Trump train, simply didn't happen” and was one where they got the impression that ” the Trump opponents, had run out of bullets” on Thursday's “Kelly File” on the Fox News Channel after the debate.
Krauthammer said, “[T]he kind of thing that would have been needed, to slow down the Trump train, simply didn't happen tonight. It looked as if they took the same advice, perhaps the pressure of the media, perhaps when Marco Rubio spoke with you, Megyn, when yesterday, when they said they regretted having taking their attacks a little bit too far. They thought it was hurting them. It wasn't necessarily hurting Trump. I think the only hope for these candidates, starting from about a couple weeks ago was to go after Trump himself, to go after the weak elements in their past, they tried that in the last two debates, and decided it wasn't working. So we got a lot of words. We got a lot of, you know, substantive, to some extent, but there wasn't anything really new here. And if you're Cruz, particularly if you're Rubio or Kasich, I think it was an opportunity missed. This is not a turning point. I don't think it's going to be a deflection point, in the trajectory of this campaign.”
They added, “[Y]ou get the impression watching them, that these guys on the stage, the Trump opponents, had run out of bullets. They tried it soft, in the early debates, trying to best them on policy, which they do. These guys know their stuff thoroughly. They're very eloquent. They've been in these debates for decades. Trump is new to it. That was very evident in the early debates. But it didn't hurt Trump. So, a month ago or so they decided they're going to try it another way, they're going to go after him, their weaknesses, make it personal, get in there, in the trenches, and they concluded, I suspect, from watching tonight, that's not going to work, either. So they're now reverting. The problem is is that the train is moving. At the beginning of this campaign, it was a reasonable strategy to say I can do better on substance. I'll try it, and perhaps, I'll get ahead, but that didn't work. So I don't know what their strategy is.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
You've seen them at least once during your traveling adventures. Shamu, an iconic symbol of SeaWorld, has been the featured paint scheme of three different aircraft flown by Southwest Airlines. Travelers are used to seeing the orange and blue paint on their aircraft filtering throughout airports across the nation. However once in a while you might catch eye of an oddly painted plane, with eyes, white spots, and the body of a killer whale. That's Shamu, SeaWorld's most famous symbol and face of their franchise.
After being in a relationship for over 25 years, SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. and Southwest Airlines announced earlier yesterday that their contract will come to a close at the end of the year. For years Southwest has come under scrutiny due to the alleged animal cruelty that SeaWorld has been connected to. ABC News reported that “killer whales, when in captivity, become more aggressive to humans and each other.” This directly relates to the documentary titled “Blackfish” about the unfortunate and tragic death of SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau back in 2010.
USA Today stated the Dallas-based air carrier was approached with 32,459 signatures “for a petition asking the airline to help stop animal cruelty.” It's not every day an airline can be indirectly connected with a sensitive subject such as animal cruelty. However given the situation, a community of animal rights activists put pressure on the airline to break its ties.
Since 1988 Southwest and SeaWorld have partnered up and advertised each other's products; Southwest offering package vacation deals to SeaWorld's locations, and the amusement park franchise putting their business all over three planes…literally. Three of Southwest's aircraft are painted with Orcas, a type of killer whale that's heavily utilized by the marine park, and is the species of the legendary Shamu. Advertising has everything to do with growing business. This can be seen from a child's point of view. We all know kids can be excited when they fly and travel; visiting grandma and grandpa, going to Hawaii or Europe. Chances are they've seen the “Shamu” or “Orca” schemed aircraft from the airline. While there are only three currently in that paint scheme, they fly everywhere. At that point, SeaWorld becomes a topic of discussion within families at the most unexpected of places, such as a plane. Hopefully, it'll lead to a potential visit to one of the locations throughout the United States. It's pure business in the making.
According to the airline's media department, “Southwest and Sea World of Texas introduced Shamu One, a Boeing 737-300 painted like a killer whale” back in 1988. The plane's first flight arrived in San Antonio, surprising passengers in the terminal, in addition to city government officials waiting to welcome the inaugural flight. Southwest reported that during that first year, the aircraft flew a total of 1.1 million miles up until its one year anniversary in 1989.
With this partnership coming to an end, notable animal rights activist groups such as People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) showed appreciation and excitement for the ending relationship. Ingrid Newkirk, the President of PETA, stated “Champagne corks were popping at PETA today when we heard that Southwest will no longer support SeaWorld and will repaint its planes.” With this unfortunate end to a business partnership, it was a decision that didn't seem to shock either side.
ABC News elaborated that both sides had a mutual feeling when it came to the decision. Marilee McInnis, a spokesperson for the major carrier, stated that “We … have engaged and heard from conservationists, SeaWorld supporters, and others on all sides of this issue…” In regards to the animal cruelty allegations, McInnis further said that Southwest has engaged in its “listening and education mode.”
A statement from SeaWorld Entertainment Inc. indicated that it's sad about the break up but wishes its former long term partner well, “Southwest and SeaWorld have enjoyed their long relationship, and wish each other continued success.”
After the end of this year, SeaWorld will continue to focus on its international presence in South America. Southwest, per the convenience of its passengers, will continue to offer vacation packages it advertises to SeaWorld's facilities.
Seeing an expert abacus user in action is a sight to behold. Their hands are a blur as they perform arithmetic operations far quicker than anyone uses an electronic calculator. The mental abacus technique is even more impressive – it works just the same as a real abacus, except that you visualise moving the beads in your mind's eye (check out this video of people using mental abacus to perform amazing feats of arithmetic).
Surprisingly, there is little research on the benefits of teaching the mental abacus technique to children. But now, for a paper in Child Development, psychologists in the US have conducted a three-year randomised controlled trial of the effects of teaching the mental abacus on 183 five-to-seven year-old children at a charitable school in Vadodara, India. Their results suggest that training in the mental abacus can have impressive benefits for students' mathematical abilities, above and beyond those seen for standard supplementary teaching, but that these benefits may not extend to children with weaker cognitive abilities.
The children took baseline tests of their maths and cognitive abilities, then they were allocated randomly to a group to receive three hours per week extra tuition in the abacus (the first year focused mostly on the physical abacus – specifically the Japanese soroban style – and then later years graduated to the mental abacus) or to a group that received three hours per week supplementary maths tuition, following the OUP New Enjoying Maths series.
When the children's maths and cognitive abilities were tested again at the end of the three-year study, those in the mental abacus group showed superior improvements in their maths abilities, including calculation, arithmetic and the conceptual understanding of place value, compared with the control group (effect sizes were large), and some modest advantages in their academic grades in maths and science. The mental abacus did not lead to wider benefits in cognitive abilities and it didn't change the children's attitudes to maths or reduce their maths anxiety – this latter result sounds disappointing, but also means the main benefit to maths ability is unlikely to be a placebo effect. Unfortunately, the exceptional benefits of mental abacus training to maths ability were not found among a subset of children who started out the study with weak spatial and working memory abilities.
“We find evidence that mental abacus – a system rooted in a centuries-old technology for arithmetic and counting – is likely to afford some children a measurable advantage in arithmetic calculation compared to additional hours of standard math training,” the researchers said. “Our evidence suggests that mental abacus provides this benefit by building on children's pre-existing cognitive capacities rather than by modifying their ability to visualise and manipulate objects in working memory.”
_________________________________
Barner, D., Alvarez, G., Sullivan, J., Brooks, N., Srinivasan, M., & Frank, M. (2016). Learning Mathematics in a Visuospatial Format: A Randomized, Controlled Trial of Mental Abacus Instruction Child Development DOI: 10.1111/cdev.12515
Post written by Christian Jarrett (@psych_writer) for the BPS Research Digest.
Our free weekly email will keep you up-to-date with all the psychology research we digest: Sign up!
While an Egyptian pharaoh built majestic temples filled with sparkling treasures, the lower classes performed backbreaking work on meager diets, new evidence suggests.
An analysis of more than 150 skeletons from a 3,300-year-old cemetery at the ancient Egyptian city of Amarna reveals fractures, wear and tear from heavy lifting, and rampant malnutrition amongst the city's commoners.
The discovery, detailed in the March issue of the journal Antiquity, could shed light on how the non-elites of ancient Egyptian society lived.
Overnight city
For a brief, 17-year period, the center of Egypt was Amarna, a small city on the banks of the Nile, about 218 miles (350 kilometers) south of Cairo.
The pharaoh Akhenaten relocated their capital city too Amarna to build a pure, uncontaminated cult of worship dedicated to the sun god Aten. [Gallery: Sun Gods and Goddesses]
In a few years, temples, court buildings and housing complexes sprung up. At one time, 20,000 to 30,000 court officials, soldiers, builders and servants lived in the city.
But after Akhenaten's death, the next pharaoh, Tutankhamun, promptly rolled up the experiment. The city, which lacked good agricultural land, was soon abandoned.
Because the Egyptians occupied Amarna for such a short time, the city provides archaeologists with an unprecedented insight into what people's lives looked like at a specific moment in history, said study co-author Anna Stevens, an archaeologist at the University of Cambridge.
Hard life
About 10 years ago, a surveyor investigating a region in the desert near Amarna discovered an ancient cemetery. The site contained hundreds of skeletons and skeletal fragments from lower-class Egyptians. [See Photos of the Ancient Egyptian Cemetery ]
To see what these everyday Egyptians' daily lives were like, Stevens and their colleagues analyzed 159 skeletons that were found mostly intact.
The researchers' conclusions: Life was hard at Amarna. The children had stunted growth, and many of the bones were porous due to nutritional deficiency, probably because the commoners lived on a diet of mostly bread and beer, Stevens told LiveScience.
More than three-quarters of the adults had degenerative joint disease, likely from hauling heavy loads, and about two-thirds of these adults had at least one broken bone.
The findings suggest that the rapid construction of Amarna may have been especially hard on the commoners. Based on the size of the bricks found in nearby structures, each worker likely carried a limestone brick weighing 154 pounds (70 kilograms) in assembly-line fashion. Erecting the city's structures so quickly would have required workers to repeatedly carry out such heavy lifting. That could have caused the joint disease the skeletons revealed.
The norm in Egypt?
"This is a fabulous study because it is a big population from a known site, and we have all these bodies from people who are relatively lower class," said Salima Ikram, an Egyptologist at American University in Cairo, who was not involved in the study.
But because, in total, archaeologists have unearthed so few ancient Egyptian cemeteries in which the non-elite were buried, it's possible that these backbreaking conditions prevailed across Egypt at the time, Stevens said.
Other research has found that even Egypt's wealthy suffered widespread malnutrition and disease, often living only to age 30.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Internet exploded Monday with rumors that Dwyane Wade was on a plane with LeBron James and Dan Gilbert, possibly to consummate a deal.
The Herald has researched this, however, and can confidently shoot that down.
Wade has been in Spain, and was scheduled to fly back early this (Tuesday) afternoon, East
Now, that doesn't mean everything is great with the Heat.
Wade and the Heat are still at an impasse, and have not agreed to the deal the Heat has offered.
That deal (2 years, $40 million with a second-year option) is the same that the Mavericks have agreed upon with franchise cornerstone Dirk Nowitzki.
Wade, however, is nearly three years younger.
So what's happening and what's next?
Here's what the Herald has learned, from speaking to a variety of sources over the past 24 hours:
-- Wade and the Heat are not on great terms. That is coming from both sides. "Ugly" has been the common descriptor. Wade did not feel like the Heat prioritized him.... again. The Heat wanted Wade to be patient, while it was securing Hassan Whiteside and trying to land Kevin Durant.
-- Wade will take their time to make a decision. It may not be in next day or so. It is fully expected that they will take meetings once back in the United States.
-- The Bucks' meeting, set for Wednesday, is currently off. But everything is subject to change.
-- Wade wants more than two seasons. It is possible, but certainly not definite, that the Heat and Wade could compromise on a two-year deal for more than $40 million, though that would require clearing Josh McRoberts' salary off the cap.
-- And yes, joining LeBron James in Cleveland is an option. Among a few still, and "a long shot" due to the economics, according to a source, but definitely an option, one that Wade is likely to investigate. The Cavaliers have been coveting Wade ever since James returned to them. They don't currently have anything other than the taxpayer mid-level to offer ($3.48 million), which would be a huge reduction in pay. So they would need to make multiple deals to accommodate more salary, including finding takers for Iman Shumpert and likely Channing Frye. Or James would need to take a historically large cut, which wouldn't sit well with the players' union, but maybe they don't care about that. They repeatedly told me, when I was covering the Cavaliers during the 2014-15 season, how much they missed Wade. That may be priceless.
But Heat fans should be concerned.
This is officially more dangerous than last season. It's two offseasons of bad feelings.
And for Wade, my perception -- based on knowledge of them and my recent reporting -- is that it will come down to whether they put the biggest premium on winning and friendship (and can also stick it to the Heat in the process) by choosing Cleveland, or whether they want to take the most money from a place like Denver.
The Heat appear to be somewhere in the middle.
Miami, which has lost two starters already, may not be a championship contender even with Wade.
And Wade may still be able to get more money, or years, elsewhere.
So yes, the fans may be the ones squashed.
Note: I've dropped the "Grails on Raspbery Pi" intro to the title of these posts for the sake of brevity, but this post and most of the posts coming in the near future continue upon that series. You can follow : I've dropped the "Grails on Raspbery Pi" intro to the title of these posts for the sake of brevity, but this post and most of the posts coming in the near future continue upon that series. You can follow this tag if you would like to see all the posts in this series.
In the last post in this series we took a look at creating a simple Groovy script using Pi4J to interact with the GPIO pins on a Raspberry Pi. It was a simple example, so writing the code in nano wasn't really a big deal, but as you get into more complex scripts having a true IDE to write our scripts will make a heck of a lot easier. Problem is, running a full blown IDE like IntelliJ IDEA and accessing it via VNC on the Pi is a pretty sketchy proposition. Trust me, I've tried. Technically, it works, but about as well as one of these:
So why not use IntelliJ on another machine on your home network (or any network, as long as the Pi is web accessible)? Unlike an elevator close button, it actually works (and quite well, thank you very much)! This post is going to be pretty heavy on screenshots because I think they tell the story pretty well.
Note: Remote development is only available in IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate Edition.
Step 1: Create a new Groovy project in IDEA:
Step 2: Name it, and choose a location to store it.
Step 3: Create a new Groovy class file. Delete whatever code IDEA automatically populates in the file. We're using this as a Groovy script, not a true class file. Like the last post, name it led-test.groovy .
Step 4: Paste the code from the last post into our new Groovy script. Here it is again for your reference:
You'll notice in the screenshot below that we have some errors, we'll get to those in a second.
Step 5: Place your cursor right after the @Grab annotation and press ALT+ENTER, then select 'Grab the artifacts'. IDEA will download the Pi4J dependency.
Step 6: Confirm in the Event Log that IDEA successfully downloaded the dependency. Observe the errors with class resolution are now resolved.
Step 7: Try code completion, notice that it works, nod your head and smile.
Step 8: Let's set up remote deployment. In IDEA, go to Tools - Deployment - Configuration.
Step 9: Set up the connection. Enter your Pi's local IP, use port 22, enter the root path for your project on the Pi and enter your credentials.
Step 10: Click 'Test SFTP connection', if you receive the following warning, click Yes.
Step 11: Marvel in amazement with your jaw agape at the successful connection.
Step 12: Jump to the Mappings tab, if it is enabled click the 'Use this server as default' button. Enter or modify the local path if necessary. Make sure to add the 'src' directory if it's not there on the end. Click OK and exit the dialog.
Step 13: Back in IDEA, click Tools - Deployment - Options.
Step 14: Make sure that 'Upload changed files automatically to the default server' is set to 'On explicit save action (CTRL+S).
Step 15: Now we should be ready to test things out. SSH into your Pi (I use the Terminal window in IDEA for this). Take a look at the directory where you previously saved your script. Note that this script hasn't been changed since March 16 at 10:01 PM.
Step 16: Run the script from the SSH terminal. You'll see your LED light up just like it did in our last post.
Step 17: It might not be necessary, but I like to go back and hit Tools - Deployment - Sync with Deployed... just to make sure the contents on both boxes match up before I change anything.
Step 18: Change the println statement on line 19 and save the file. Notice that IDEA immediately pushes the change up to the Pi.
Step 19: List the contents of your directory (not shown in screenshot) and you'll notice the updated modified timestamp on the file. Run the script again on the Pi. You'll see the result of your change in the console.
And that's how you make your life super duper easy when writing code for the Raspberry Pi. When we get into writing Grails applications, we'll run Grails on the Pi as we develop remotely. Grails will automatically load the changes when running in development mode and our running application will immediately reflect them.
As a footnote, I should mention that a similar process should absolutely work with PyCharm if you're doing Python development for the Pi. Here is a blog post that outlines the steps involved, but they're almost identical to this process.
Spur fans will face no action for 'Y-word' chants at Norwich clash despite FA row
The FA will not take action against Tottenham fans who persisted with their 'Yid' chants at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Spurs supporters were warned by the FA that they could face criminal prosecution if the continued to use the term 'Yid' in their chants.
But that did not stop them using their traditional 'Yid army' chant during Tottenham's 2-0 win against Norwich at the weekend followed by ‘We're Tottenham Hotspur, we'll sing what we want'. They also yelled 'Yiddo' at Christian Eriksen when they were substituted.
Support: Tottenham fans will face no action for chanting the word 'Yid' last weekend Only five days ago the FA said that 'use of the term in a public setting could amount to a criminal offence and leave fans liable to prosecution' but they confirmed today no action would be taken. Chairman of the Tottenham Hotspur Supporters' Trust Darren Alexander said: 'There was a degree of defiance on Saturday and that was always going to happen with the way that the FA has gone about this.
'This is something I have been dealing with for seven years and all of a sudden the FA have gone out on a limb by issuing this statement without proper consultation with the club or the fans.
Debut: Fans chanted 'Yiddo' at Christian Eriksen (left), in action against Bradley Johnson
'There is always going to be the idea among the fans that they are picking on us and that is why that act of defiance happened.
'I know it is offensive to some Jewish people but our focus is the legality of what the FA have announced this week. As far as we are concerned and as far as the police are concerned, unless there is an intent to offend, then you cannot be prosecuted. We sincerely believe that no Spurs fan ever uses the Y-word or shouts Yid Army in an effort to offend anyone.'
Tottenham's large Jewish following began the 'Yid army' chant in response to anti-Semitic abuse from opponent's supporters.
Ex-Galveston judge arrested, charged with online harassment Dupuy accused of placing fake hooker ads for ex-girlfriends
Former county Court-at-Law Judge Christopher Dupuy was arrested in Galveston and their bail was set at $600,000. Former county Court-at-Law Judge Christopher Dupuy was arrested in Galveston and their bail was set at $600,000. Photo: Galveston County Sheriffs Office Photo: Galveston County Sheriffs Office Image 1 of / 3 Captions Close Ex-Galveston judge arrested, charged with online harassment 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
GALVESTON – A former state judge from Galveston County forced from office in 2013 was arrested Thursday and charged with two counts of online harassment for allegedly placing fake online ads indicating two former girlfriends were available for sex-for-hire, according to authorities and court documents.
Former County Court-at-Law Judge Christopher Dupuy was arrested in Galveston and their bail set at $600,000, said Col. Ray Tuttoilmondo, a spokesperson for the sheriff's office.
RELATED: See the search warrant and affidavit in the Dupuy case
The investigation was launched by the Harris County Sheriff's Office, but a spokesperson for that agency was unavailable for comment. Dupuy filled out a form requesting that an attorney be appointed for them as well as a pauper's oath showing that they cannot afford an attorney. The forms show that they claimed an income of $1,000 per week as an attorney but had a zero balance in their banking and savings accounts.
A search warrant affidavit served last week by Harris County deputies at Dupuy's home in League City alleged that the former judge put up the fake online ads.
The affidavit said that Dupuy, 43, refused to let deputies into their home, so they had to break open the door. A criminal complaint said a cellular phone was seized containing photos used on the fake web ads and evidence of several visits to the web site.
A criminal complaint said the two women complained about being harassed by Dupuy after they rejected them and that the online ads were placed without their knowledge.
The complaint said photographs from one of the alleged victim's Facebook pages were used in the escort section of backpage.com along with their telephone number. The ad said they charged $70 for 30 minutes, was "very fetish friendly" and would "guarantee you full satisfaction," the complaint said.
In a similarly provocative ad, Dupuy posted photos of the other woman's breasts that they had texted in confidence to them while they were dating, according to the criminal complaint.
The creator of the ad masked their identity by using Internet services in Germany and Venezuela, the complaint said. Sheriff's investigator Scott Hardcastle subpoenaed backpage.com for the user name used to create the web pages, Don Tequilla. The name was traced to Dupuy, the complaint said.
Their arrest comes two years after Dupuy, then a sitting judge, was indicted on 11 criminal charges relating to their conduct in office, including making false statements. The State Commission on Judicial Conduct suspended them soon after their indictment.
They were arrested twice before Thursday, once after their indictment and again three months later for contempt of court.
Dupuy was elected in 2010 in a race against the judge handling their divorce case. Complaints about their judicial conduct soon began piling up, including telephone threats against an attorney and for refusing to recuse themselves from a case in which they were linked socially to one of the female attorneys. Meanwhile, they were defending two malpractice lawsuits filed before they became a judge and was going through their second bankruptcy, which the State Commission on Judicial Conduct said was filed to delay the cases and get rid of the judgments against him.
In a 2014 reprimand of Dupuy, the commission said they retaliated against attorneys, including the lawyer who represented their former wife, by issuing sanctions against them, declaring them in contempt of court and ordering the attorney's arrest.
The Texas attorney general's office filed civil and criminal cases against Dupuy in May 2013 in an attempt to remove him, prompting the commission to suspend them from office. At one point during the criminal trial, a judge had Dupuy arrested for violating a gag order and ordered them to undergo a psychiatric evaluation after they posted material on Facebook attacking the prosecutors.
Dupuy pleaded guilty in September 2013 to two misdemeanor charges, abuse of office and perjury, and was sentenced to two years deferred adjudication. They were barred from running for office during that time.
The World's fastest man ever, Usain Bolt of Jamaica, earlier this week set the olympic record in 100-meter dash completing the race in 9.63 seconds. Their world record of 9.58 seconds in the event is often considered “inhuman” – to be able to run at this speed, they are in a class by himself.
Most top-level amateur athletes at some point in their lives question whether they have what it takes, and Bolt is apparently no different. What is interesting about them is that they hope to play a completely different sport professionally – international football.
If you think about it, speed is a MAJOR advantage in any sport. Bolt has been talking about taking their cheetah-like speed to the likes of professional soccer, and has even pinned it down to one team that they would like to try playing with – Manchester United.
The sprinter claims to have been a long-time avid Devils fan and even visited the training ground back in May of 2009, where they gave Cristiano Ronaldo sprinting lessons. They recently went on record saying, “People think I am joking, But if Alex Ferguson called me up and said, ‘ okay, let's do this, come and have a trial and see if you are good enough' it would be impossible for me to say ‘no'.”
Now we all know the sport of soccer is not just how fast a player can sprint, but more importantly how fast a player can run while dribbling a ball as well as knowing when and where they will distribute that ball. But having said this, a confident Bolt stated, “I would not take up the challenge if I didn't think I was good enough. I am a very accomplished player and know I could make a difference. I would be the fastest player in the team – but I can play as well.”
United defender Rio Ferdinand tweeted that they would like the world's fastest man to have a try-out and is willing to work with any skills that would help the sprinter succeed. In comparison, Wayne Rooney was quoted saying that Bolt should stick to running as it is a complete different sport.
My thoughts:
Speed is an incredibly important attribute, but as said earlier when it comes to speed in soccer, its more important how fast you can run with a ball at your feet. I definitely think it is worth giving the speed demon a chance, because if they can play like they say they can, the possibilities are endless…
Imagine having a corner kick against you in your own area, and if that kick landed poorly to a United player, they would blast the ball down field and let the Cheetah fetch it…. Defenses would certainly play a few metres back in fear of the lighting bolt burning past them, which would create more space in the mid field. Not to mention they are 6'5 210lbs of lighting – just try Marking them on a set-piece.
Of course this is all fantastical, and I am merely entertaining the idea. Bolt may receive their tryout, but I can't see them having the technical skills and creativity of these professional footballers at the highest level. Sorry fellow United fans, and sorry Usain Bolt. Congratulations on your accomplishments by the way – in running!
Special counsel Robert Mueller may continue with their investigation into President Donald Trump's alleged ties to Russia far longer than the White House has planned.
In conversations with friends and advisors, the president has said that the investigation would wrap up early in 2018, CNN reported in December. One of the president's lawyers, Ty Cobb, told The Washington Post in mid-November that the probe would likely finish shortly after the new year.
But experts and precedent suggest the investigation could last well into 2018, if not longer, meaning that one of the biggest clouds over Trump's nascent presidency and the Republican majority in Congress could continue to cast a pall as midterm elections approach.
Robert Ray, who was independent counsel in the Whitewater investigation into former President Bill Clinton's dealings, told CNBC that they think the Mueller probe could last "well into 2018, but hopefully concluded with major prosecutorial decisions reached before the midterm election cycle."
Harry Litman, a former U.S. attorney and deputy assistant attorney general, predicted that the investigation could last even longer. They cited the possibility that the special counsel could pursue a convoluted money trail that could extend the inquiry into 2019.
A Saudi woman
King Abdullah announced on Sunday that Saudi women will be allowed to vote and run for office in municipal elections beginning in 2015. Saudi watchers view the move as a weaker step than allowing women to drive, a right woman have been demanding publicly for more than two decades. Why did Saudi women find it easier to get the vote than a driver's license?
Because the right to vote is meaningless. Elections are mostly symbolic in Saudi Arabia. Only half of the seats on the municipal councils are up for election, while the ruling al-Saud family appoints the other half of the members and the mayors. The councils have little power. The government reserves the right to postpone elections, as it did in 2009. There's no guarantee that the 2015 elections, in which women are supposed to participate, will happen on time, or at all. Moreover, King Abdullah's announcement doesn't carry the force of law. They could change their mind at any time. Or, if the 87-year-old king isn't around in 2015, their successor could easily go back on Abdullah's promise to Saudi women.
While voting in municipal elections is hardly a move toward true political authority, Saudi conservatives view female driving as the first practical step away from the kingdom's guardian system, which keeps women reliant on men. As things stand, women in Saudi cities can't get around unless they can afford a driver or have a male family member who's willing to chauffeur them. (Young men with many sisters have it tough in the kingdom.) Public buses have separate doors and seating areas for women, but they are slow and unreliable. Some women are afraid to ride in taxis because there have been reports of inappropriate comments by Saudi drivers. (Foreign-born drivers don't have the same reputation, because the Saudi criminal justice system has treated immigrants brutally.)
Allowing women to drive could upset family customs as well. It's difficult for Saudi young people to find a mate without the help of their family. Young men have been known to toss their phone numbers—or even whole cellphones—through the open windows of nearby cars in a desperate attempt to communicate with fetching strangers. Social conservatives fear that, if women were allowed to drive alone, a Western-style dating scene would emerge. Worse still, driving might enable women to organize politically, a tactic that has so far eluded them.
The right to drive would also encourage millions of women who don't currently work to start job-hunting. Over the long run, that would be good for the country's economy. But, right now, there aren't enough jobs for the men. None of this is to say that King Abdullah's announcement is disingenuous. Many Saudi women think he's on their side, but their reformist instincts have been stymied by the conservatives who surround him.
The king, in addition to opening municipal elections to women, announced on Sunday that they would soon appoint women to the Shura council, which, in 2005, discussed the issue of female drivers. They debated whether it was consistent with Islamic law, and even batted around some practical issues. They considered allowing only women over 35 to drive, limiting female drivers to daylight hours, and banning the practice outside of city limits. (In fact, many women already drive in rural areas of the country, where police intervention is rare.) The council even suggested raising a force of female traffic cops, so woman drivers wouldn't have to interact with male officers. Even though the 150-member council is merely advisory, the discussion upset conservatives. When the Shura council considered women's transportation issues in 2011, no one suggested licensing women to drive. The king's move may be an attempt to revive those discussions inside the council.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks Ali Alyami of the Center for Democracy and Human Rights in Saudi Arabia, Kay Hardy Campbell, author of the blog Saudi Women Driving, Philip Luther of Amnesty International, and Christoph Wilcke of Human Rights Watch.
On October 12 Nintendo is set to release Pokémon X and Pokémon Y for the 3DS worldwide. The reason for the worldwide launch is to stop any game spoiling leaks happening, imports from being necessary, and the inevitable slew of images and videos appearing on the web before everyone can play it.
A worldwide launch certainly helps, but the game still managed to leak last week. One gamer in particular, known only by their Instagram name of kosthedin, has been sharing images and videos of Pokémon X regularly. However, that all stopped yesterday as Nintendo took action.
They figured out where the copy of the game had been leaked from–it turns out a game shop had received stock of the title and someone who worked there had sold it to a friend. That friend being kosthedin. Nintendo was clearly angry over this leak, so they flew someone out to the store to reclaim the game. Kosthedin found out about this and decided to hand the game back so their friend could keep their job. It's unclear whether that was enough to save their job, though.
To have Nintendo fly someone out to a local game store to recover a game shows you how serious they are about this worldwide launch. Kosthedin also states that “heads were rolling” internally at Nintendo, which they heard directly from the Nintendo rep. I'd imagine that's because someone shipped the games out too early, and I can't believe this is the only copy of the game that has slipped through the cracks.
South Sandwich Islands
Southern Thule is a collection of the three southernmost islands in the South Sandwich Islands: Bellingshausen, Cook, and Thule (Morrell). The Southern Thule territory has been administered by the United Kingdom since 1908 and also claimed by Argentina since 1938. The island group is barren, windswept, bitterly cold, and uninhabited. It has an extensive exclusive economic zone rich in marine living resources managed as part of the SGSSI fisheries. The Admiralty's Antarctic Pilot says that Southern Thule is part of an old sunken volcano, and is covered with ash and penguin guano. There are seals, petrels, and a bank of kelp just offshore, especially around a small inlet on Morrell called Ferguson Bay.
The island group was first sighted in 1775 by the expedition of James Cook, who named it Southern Thule because it seemed to lie at very much the extreme end of the world (see Ultima Thule). It was further explored in 1820 by Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen who established that it consisted of three separate islands.
Argentine occupation 1976–1982 [ edit ]
In November 1976, a party from the Argentine Air Force landed on Thule and constructed a small military base complete with barracks and a concrete helicopter landing pad. They set up a weather station, a radio station, and a flagpole from which the Argentine flag flew. The base was named Corbeta Uruguay.
In December 1976, the British discovered what had happened. The Argentine action became the subject of British protests, the first of them on 19 January 1977. In November 1977, under the name Operation Journeyman, Britain sent a naval taskforce consisting of the nuclear-powered submarine HMS Dreadnought, two frigates, and two support vessels, in order to deter any threat to the Falklands, but ruled out using direct force to end the occupation of Southern Thule.[1][2]
Arrangements to legitimise the station were discussed in 1978 but failed. More than a year went by before word of the occupation of Southern Thule leaked out to the public.
Argentina remained on Southern Thule until six days after the Falklands War had ended. On 20 June 1982, Royal Marines landed and the Argentine garrison, outnumbered and outgunned, surrendered and handed over its weapons.
Aftermath [ edit ]
After the surrender, Southern Thule was left unoccupied. Six months later, a passing British warship noticed that the Union Flag had been taken down from the flagpole and the flag of Argentina run up in its place. The military was ordered to destroy all buildings on Southern Thule, leaving Corbeta Uruguay unfit for prolonged habitation. By Christmas 1982, the barrack block, mess room, and meteorological station were destroyed.
References [ edit ]
From Mogadishu to Buffalo is quite a long trip, but Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, the new Prime Minister of Somalia went from Mogadishu to Buffalo and back again, having held positions in the local government of Buffalo, New York before their latest appointment.
As Prime Minister of the self-proclaimed Somali government, Mohamed will replace Omar Sharmaarke, who resigned last month following disputes with President Ahmed. They will be responsible for assembling a cabinet to oversee a small portion of the city of Mogadishu, which includes a presidential palace, the bombed out airport, and a small amount of coastline.
Mohamed promised that they will form a “competent” government, which would be a first in the nation, which has spent the last 20 years expelling numerous self-styled governments. The only period of comparative calm they enjoyed was at the beginning of the current “government's” attempt, when they remained in Kenya in a hotel and didn't attempt to do anything inside Somalia itself. During that period, the nation's economy was actually growing at an impressive clip, though that came to a grinding halt when they were kicked out of the hotel for non-payment and tried to move to Mogadishu.
Mohamed's role will likely be extremely limited, however, as most of the power in the system rests with the President, not the Prime Minister. They retain control over their portion of Mogadishu primarily because of thousands of Ugandan troops deployed by the African Union to prop them up.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Jacob Brown would like to expand their menu to include possums, wasps, ants and wild Canadian geese
An environmentally minded New Zealand chef is selling hundreds of plates of imported jellyfish a month after becoming frustrated that the seafood is being wasted in their homeland.
Mass jellyfish landings are an increasingly common occurrence in New Zealand, with scientists saying warming sea temperatures, a decline in traditional predators such as tuna and nutrient-rich oceans are contributing to the blooms.
Jacob Brown, an award-winning chef from Wellington's The Larder first started experimenting with jellyfish a couple of years ago, and says the crunchy, briny tasting seafood has ballooned in popularity as diners look for more sustainable proteins in their meals.
Brown now sells around 150 jellyfish meals a week to their customers, and would like to expand their menu to include local possums, wasps, ants and wild Canadian geese.
Hundreds of jellyfish invade New Zealand coastline Read more
“Jellyfish is a real issue over here and when I started cooking with it I realised it was also a really good product,” says Brown.
“I use it as a secondary seafood to complement other seafoods. The human race is overfishing our oceans and we have an abundance of jellyfish and I think we should be eating them rather than just eating the premium fish which are endangered, such as tuna.”
Dr Lisa-ann Gershwin, director of the Australian Marine Stinger Advisory Services said New Zealand can expect increasing numbers of jellyfish invading the coastline as prime breeding conditions in the oceans help them grow in “super abundance”.
Brown's jellyfish dishes have appeared on the menu in many guises and been paired with local food such as whitebait, pork, chicken and in omelettes.
20 best seafood recipes: part 1 Read more
Because of Ministry for Primary Industries restrictions Brown is unable to serve local jellyfish at their restuarant, and has to import it from South Korea, although they are allowed to harvest and cook it for their own family.
Brown says the MPI restrictions are “crazy” and says on some days they are barely able to swim in Wellington harbour due to the ocean being clogged with jellyfish.
“It is a very mild flavour, it doesn't really have a lot of flavour of its own so it is more of a textural thing,” said Brown, of the jellyfish's epicurean appeal.
“Some people go ‘yuck, no way' and those are the people I really want to target and change their perception. I think it is crazy and small-minded that we are happy to eat a cow that is in some respects quite a dirty animal, but we have this really clean protein that just flows through the ocean like a sea-plant. To me it makes more sense to be eating jellyfish than live animals.”
Are jellyfish going to take over the oceans? | Karl Mathiesen Read more
A jellyfish omellete costs NZ$20 at Brown's restuarant with around a quarter of their diners choosing the dish everyday.
“It is getting more and more popular, people are intrigued, it is probably only a matter of time till it goes on Masterchef and then everybody will be eating it,” says Brown.
Booming jellyfish populations have begun to be reported worldwide, including in Britain, the Mediterranean and Japan, with experts suggesting the increase in population numbers is strongly linked to human activities.
How to cook with Jellyfish
According to Brown most jellyfish tend to taste the same, but their restaurant uses moon and cannonball jellyfish for its dishes. Brown says to be careful in what jellyfish you harvest because of their stinging tentacles, but if you secure a safe and edible jellyfish, they advise blanching it three to four times between boiling and iced water, and then slicing it very thinly.
Substituting it into any dish where cucumber is called for is a safe bet, and it works well in salads and Asian dishes.
KBME (790 AM) said today it will rearrange its sports talk lineup beginning next Monday, moving the syndicated Jay Mohr show to evenings and restoring its all-local lineup from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Matt Thomas will move into the 11 a.m.-2 p.m. slot now filled by the live broadcast of Mohr's Fox Sports Radio show, and Charlie Pallilo's show will now air from 2-6 p.m. The delayed broadcast of Mohr's show will air from 6-9 p.m., where it will face frequent pre-emption by Rockets and Astros games.
The moves have the potential to eliminate what had been a drastic ratings drop for KBME during the Mohr show's midday timeslot. According to the most recent ratings book from Nielsen Media, the station's audience share among men 25-54 plummeted from 4.8 between 10 and 11 a.m., the final hour of the Greg Koch-N.D. Kalu show, to 0.2 for the first hour of the Mohr show at 11 a.m.
Bryan Erickson, Clear Channel Houston's director of AM programming, said in a station news release that the moves reflect “feedback from local sports fans regarding who and what they want to hear on Houston sports talk radio.”
Mohr's show was added on KBME last August as part of a daylong schedule shift that included the dismissal of morning hosts Matt Jackson and Adam Wexler. The station's morning shows hosted, respectively, by Lance Zierlein and Adam Clanton and by former NFL linemen Koch and Kalu, have shown improved ratings, but the Mohr show has been a ratings drag at midday and provided inadequate lead-in for the Thomas and Pallilo afternoon shows.
KBME's decision to air a delayed broadcast of a national show hearkens back to a similar move in 1998, when KILT (610 AM) attempted to tape-delay an hour of the Jim Rome show. Rome and their fans protested loudly, and the station changed its plans. Rome's show, however, was considerably more popular than the Mohr show has been in Houston.
Next month, gamers in North America will finally get their hands on Final Fantasy XIII-2. Japanese gamers, on the other hand, have been playing since the game released across the Pacific on December 15. To get an early sample of what this sequel has to offer, I spent several hours with an imported copy. Though many elements will be familiar to fans of FF XIII, one new mechanic stood out to me: monster collection.
Leading up to the game's release, I was aware that taming monsters and having them fight with you was a part of Final Fantasy XIII-2, but I didn't know how significant a factor it would be. Now I know that it is a much larger part of the game than I had thought. Here's what I figured out.
Note: Because the imported copy isn't in English, I'm going to hold off on any story commentary until I get to play through the localized version.
The Basics
Serah and Noel are your only two controllable characters in battle, while the third slot is occupied by a monster. Essentially, monsters become fully functional party members once combat starts – they aren't like summons, since they are always present. Each one has an assigned role (like Ravager or Commando) used to create three-person paradigms with Serah and Noel. If you switch paradigms, the monster switches instantly (assuming your new paradigm requires a monster with a new role). The monsters even have unique upgrade paths on the Crystarium, and a special attack you can use by filling up a Feral Link meter. It may seem intimidating at first, but it's easy to get started.
Step One: Get A Monster
Capturing a monster is practically automatic. As far as I can tell, you don't need to use any special items or tactics. You just fight enemies, and sometimes they turn into crystals at the end of battle. Once that happens, the monster is added to your menagerie and you're free to use it in battle, upgrade it, etc. Every time you get a new area, you will almost certainly gain a bunch of new monsters just through the normal course of the story and encounters. You won't always capture a monster the first time you fight it, and there may be some kind of restriction on low-level characters capturing high-level monsters, but the whole process seems balanced. Some players are reporting that using one monster's Feral Link ability to finish off an untamed opponent increases your odds of catching the new creature, but the odds for capture already seem pretty high normally.
Step Two: Customize
Before you even step onto the battlefield, you have a few options for customizing your new allies. First of all, you can change any monster's name, but with restrictions. You can't just type in text – you must select the name from a predetermined list. There are plenty of different options, but odds are that none of them are exactly what you had in mind. From a different menu, you can also add cosmetic accessories like tattoos or stupid hats. All of the accessories I found were either too subtle to stand out or too cutesy; instead of making my monsters look cool, these additions just made them look ridiculous. It's tough to look awesome when you're wearing a puffy orange-striped hat. Thankfully, the monster designs are good even when unadorned, and the cosmetic stuff doesn't matter as long as your beast delivers in combat.
Step Three: Fight!
While fighting, you can't control the monsters directly, though they behave predictably according to their roles in your paradigms. For instance, I got a floating cat creature that was a medic, so I set up a paradigm where Serah and the cat were medics, and Noel was a sentinel. As soon as I switched to that paradigm, the cat started healing just as expected, leaving me free to change between Serah and Noel as party leader. While you can have unlimited monsters (one of each type) in reserve, you can only have three set up to be potential party members at once, and only one active at a time. That means that you can't just call any monster whenever its convenient – you need to consider Serah and Noel's strengths and arrange your companion monsters accordingly.
Step Four: Level Up
You'll pick up various items (usually as spoils after battle) that are used to improve your monsters' abilities. Instead of gaining stats through experience, you spend these items in the menu to unlock Crystarium nodes. Some items appear to focus on magic power, others on attack power, and another one boosts them both. These items also have different grades, and higher-quality items are required to advance your monsters past certain levels. Monsters also appear to have different growth patterns; some of them hit their max level early, and gain power quickly. Others don't seem to have a cap, but gain power more slowly (and therefore require a greater resource investment over time). Even though I'm sure there are monsters that are objectively awesome, many of them seem equivalent early in the game, so which ones you choose to focus on is partially an aesthetic choice.
Step Five: Fine-Tuning
Monsters don't have the versatility of Serah and Noel since they can't switch among multiple roles, but they have the potential to excel within their assigned role since they can basically consume other monsters. As monsters level up, they learn new passive abilities through the Crystarium, and those abilities can be passed on to other creatures if you sacrifice the original. For instance, let's say that you've got a Pulsework robot that you've chosen to be your commando, but another monster has a passive Strength +10% bonus. That strength bonus can be passed on to your robot, enhancing its utility as a commando, but you lose the monster that had the bonus in the first place (though another one can be re-captured through normal means). This function allows you to optimize the monsters you want to use the most often and do something with those creatures that would otherwise just sit in reserve the whole game.
I'm sure there are more layers to the system than I was able to explore, and I can't speak to how it holds up as the game progresses. However, after several hours of monster killing, collecting, and tweaking, I'm excited to see how this feature contributes to the overall experience.
Now that you know that details, you should have a better idea what's going on in this trailer Square Enix released highlighting the monster collection mechanic.
A tiny island nation that controls a vast area of the Pacific Ocean has announced it will ban all commercial fishing in a massive marine park that is the size of California.
Anote Tong, the president of Kiribati—a chain of islands about halfway between Hawaii and Fiji—announced Monday that commercial fishing will end in the country's Phoenix Islands Protected Area on January 1, 2015.
"We will also close the area around the southern Line Islands to commercial fishing to allow the area to recover," said Tong, who spoke at the Our Ocean conference hosted by the U.S. State Department in Washington, D.C. The southern Line Islands also will be closed to fishing by the beginning of next year.
The Phoenix Islands and the southern Line Islands represent some of the most pristine coral reef archipelagos in the Pacific, says National Geographic Explorer-in-Residence Enric Sala, who led the first underwater expedition to the five uninhabited southern Line Islands in 2009 as part of National Geographic's Pristine Seas project.
Sala's team of scientists found healthy coral reefs, abundant predator populations, and pristine lagoons carpeted with giant clams and shark nurseries.
"Diving in the southern Line Islands is like getting in a time machine and traveling back to the reefs of the past, when sharks—and not humans—were the top predators," says Sala.
Marine scientist Amanda Keledjian of Oceana, an international nonprofit focused on ocean conservation, calls Kiribati's announcement "very significant." Decreasing the impact of fishing will "preserve biodiversity, large predators, and reefs," says Keledjian.
History of a Marine Park?
In 2006, Kiribati declared the Phoenix Islands Protected Area. The park was expanded in 2008, becoming the largest marine protected area in the world at that time.
About as large as California, the 164,200-square-mile (425,300-square-kilometer) park contains pristine reefs and eight coral atolls teeming with fish and birds. The region is uninhabited, save for about 50 people living on one of the atolls.
However, since the declaration, Kiribati has been criticized by some scientists and environmentalists for failing to protect the area from commercial fishing. In announcing the park Tong had said publicly that it would be "off limits to fishing and other extractive uses."
In practice, however, the nation banned commercial fishing only in the 3 percent of the reserve around the islands. The rest of the zone remained open to industrial tuna fishers, who have steadily increased their activities.
Tong's latest announcement is an "amazing action that shows what is possible with leadership," said Catherine Novelli, the U.S. Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment, at the Our Ocean conference.
Tong said that the reserve "is an investment in the future and our contribution to humanity in the preservation of marine life."
Still, they cautioned that declarations of marine protected areas "have no meanings unless they are enforced." They said technology will be needed to help monitor the vast area, such as aircraft and satellite-based remote sensing.
Tong, whose country has just 100,000 people, called on other nations to help. "Let us pool our resources to protect this gift, our mother ocean," they said. "Inaction is no longer an option."
The Gem of the Southern Line Islands
Tong's government has specifically declared that the area 12 nautical miles off the southern Line Islands will be protected.
Sala calls it a "great first step" and says they hope the protection zone may eventually be expanded. It has the potential to be self-sustaining financially with ecotourism, they add.
(Look for National Geographic magazine's story on the southern Line Islands in the September issue. Also see National Geographic Channel's documentary on the area called Journey to Shark Eden.)
"If you think of the ocean as a bank account in which everybody withdraws but nobody makes a deposit, then protected marine reserves are like savings accounts that produce interest," Sala told the conference.
They explained that after fishing was stopped in a marine reserve along Spain's Mediterranean coast, large fish quickly returned. The fish increased so much in population that they spread outside of the reserve. That revived the fishery and created jobs, in addition to those supported by tourism.
Global Next Steps?
At the Our Ocean conference, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry asked the heads of state, delegates, nonprofit leaders, scientists, and industry representatives from 80 countries to "develop a plan that protects more marine habitats." Less than 2 percent of the ocean is currently protected, they noted. (Related: "With Millions of Tons of Plastic in Oceans, More Scientists Studying Impact.")
And yet the ocean supports the livelihoods of up to 12 percent of the world's population, Kerry said, adding that about half the world's population depends on seafood for a significant portion of its protein. (Related: "John Kerry Urges Support for Ross Sea Antarctic Ocean Reserve.")
"The ocean is essential for maintaining the environment in which we all live," Kerry said, explaining that it recycles carbon, water, air, and nutrients. It is also home to millions of species.
"The importance of the ocean for life itself cannot be overstated," they said.
They added that President Obama may soon announce additional protected areas in U.S. waters. They asked the other participants in the conference to "walk away with a plan" to protect more of the ocean.
Follow Brian Clark Howard on Twitter and Google+.
I don't know what the guys that made this clip were thinking, but I think I speak for everyone when I say it didn't really make me proud to have my name on those girls boobs if that's what they were hoping for.
Sven Thorgren känner sig sliten.
Han har 48 timmars resande bakom sig när SPORT-Expressen når honom. Från Kina till the USA.
Förra helgen hoppade han hem segern i prestigefyllda "Air & Style" i Peking, som gav honom drygt 200 000 kronor. Nu är snowboard-stjärnan framme i Breckenridge, Colorado, där nästa tävling väntar.
– Först missade jag mitt flyg. Sen, när jag kom till Los Angeles, så ställde de in flyget, säger Thorgren och suckar.
Säsongsstarten har varit händelsefull.
Han har vunnit två av tre tävlingar och växt fram som ett av Sveriges stora medaljhopp inför OS i Sotji, som börjar om åtta veckor. Men också fått stor uppmärksamhet – för ett mejl.
Reagerade starkt
Den 22-23 november avgjordes "Fridge Vienna" i Vienna, Österrike.
Arrangörerna valde att presentera åkarna och deras startnummer i en YouTube-video, där två tjejer i 20-årsåldern kastade kläderna. Resultatet från lottningen visades sen upp på tjejernas nakna kroppar.
Thorgren reagerade starkt på filmen – och agerade. Supertalangen satte sig ner och skrev ett mejl, som gick ut både till arrangören och samtliga åkare i tävlingen.
"Det här klippet är det larvigaste jag någonsin sett", skrev Thorgren bland annat.
"Snälla, låt inte vår sport bli som någon redneck-motorsport."
Arrangörerna svarade inte. Men det gjorde de andra åkarna – som ställde sig bakom Thorgren.
– Ja, jag tycker mycket feedback från åkare som höll med mig. Men alltså, den där filmen… jag tycker det här var så jävla meningslöst. Helt konstigt. Det där är ingenting som vi behöver inom sporten, så jag kände att jag var tvungen att göra ett statement.
Förbundskaptenen stolt
Förbundskapten Jocke Hammar njuter när han får höra om Sven Thorgrens mejl.
– Jag är stolt över att han tog det initiativet.
Typiskt Sven, eller?
– Ja, han är inte den som är blyg i såna här sammanhang. Han kan utan problem säga rakt ut vad han tycker, utan att gömma sig bakom andra. Jag är inte alls förvånad över att han skickade det här mejlet.
Jocke Hammar fortsätter:
– Han var faktiskt nära att hoppa över den där tävlingen, för att markera ännu tydligare. Men han valde att köra.
Hammar har haft Thorgren som sin adept i fyra år. Han lyfter fram mognad som en av de stora anledningarna till att vi nu har en svensk som dominerar i snowboardvärlden.
– Sven är en väldigt mogen och seriös idrottsman. Han är väldigt fokuserad och medveten om vad som krävs för att nå toppen. Och: Han är beredd att verkligen lägga ner det jobbet som krävs, säger Hammar.
Stort genombrott
Sven Thorgren fick sitt stora genombrott förra säsongen. Nu fortsätter han i samma riktning – mot toppen.
Träningsschemat är tufft. En vanlig vecka tränar han fyra dagar ute i backen.
Utöver det är han ute och springer, och kör hårt inne i gymmet. Mycket handlar om explosivitet, för att kunna göra de avancerade tricken. Men också skadeförebyggande träning, för att kroppen ska klara av de hårda påfrestningarna.
– Jag försöker fokusera varje dag på vad jag behöver bli bättre på. Och det går bra, verkligen, säger Thorgren.
Vad behöver du förbättra?
– Många saker. Men framför allt rails ska jag jobba mer på. Jag är redan ganska säker i min hoppning.
OS väntar… Är det nervöst på något sätt?
– Ja, det blir en del press på en. Verkligen. Så ja, man blir lite nervös, absolut. Men jag tror att det går att hantera.
Hur?
– Jag brukar göra så att jag bara accepterar att jag är nervös och samtidigt fokuserar på det jag måste göra. Det gäller att försöka vara positiv också, det brukar funka.
Så vilka förhoppningar kan svenska folket ha på dig i OS? Vad är rimligt?
– Det är rimligt att hoppas på medalj. Men det är inte rimligt att kräva en medalj. Så skulle jag säga.
– Jag har tagit medaljer i stora slopestyle-tävlingar, men jag gör det inte varje gång. Men just den här säsongen ser det väldigt positivt ut. Det kan gå hur bra som helst. Men man vill inte ta ut segern i förskott.
Du cashade in drygt 200 000 kronor i Kina. Vad gör du av pengarna?
– Jag har redan handlat julklappar för fullt, till familjen. Jag har spenderat en hel del dollar! Men… jag får se, lite kan man ju spara inför framtiden också.
Labor attacks Government's move to end announcements of asylum seeker boat arrivals
Updated
Labor's immigration spokesperson Tony Burke has attacked the Federal Government's changes to announcements about asylum seeker boat arrivals, warning of a "culture of secrecy".
The previous government issued media alerts every time a boat arrived, but no new alerts have been issued since the new Government was sworn in.
The ABC asked both Customs and the Immigration Department whether any boats have arrived in recent days, but the questions were referred back to the Minister's office.
A spokesperson for the Immigration Minister Scott Morrison would not say if any boats had arrived, and said further details about the Government's Operation Sovereign Borders policy would be provided soon.
"Updates will be provided on Operation Sovereign Borders. We will be making further comments on these matters next week," they said in a statement.
In a statement on Saturday, Mr Morrison said the Government will manage the information in a way that supports the success of Operation Sovereign Borders, and that the claim by Labor that information is not being provided proves they are 'hyper-sensitive".
Labor's spokesperson, former immigration minister Tony Burke, says the disclosure of information should be automatic.
"I have had journalists from all publications ringing me today saying, 'How do we find out?'" they told Lateline.
"They've been ringing the department and asking if boats have come and they've told them to go to Scott Morrison's office but Scott Morrison's office aren't answering questions.
"The policy, I thought, was that they would stop the boats not hide the information. My concern goes to whether or not they're wanting to re-create a culture of secrecy.
"It should simply be a matter of course that whether the news is good for the government or bad for the government, the Australian people are told."
Acting Opposition Leader, and former immigration minister, Chris Bowen says the government is being deceitful.
"This is a disgrace. Stopping the boats is not the same as stopping the press releases," they said.
"Stopping the boats does not mean not telling the Australian people when a boat has arrived. It's simple, a boat arrives, you tell the Australian people.
"Anything short of that is deceit and not being upfront about it."
Bill Shorten says the Coalition should work with the Opposition on asylum seekers, and not against them.
"The fact that the Abbott government is proposing to hide information from the Australian people, speaks volumes for their trust in the Australian people," they said.
"If you want to be able to defeat criminal syndicates, work with the Opposition, don't demonise the people coming here, let's make the high seas safe for all."
Parliamentary secretary Steve Ciobo has told Sky News Labor's suggestions are "shrill" and "hysterical" and says the new government and the system will be transparent.
"This isn't a culture of secrecy it's been about 48 to 72 hours since the Government was sworn in, we've got a three-star general that's going to be there operating the framework, now whether you get the particular information from point A or point B does it really matter?" they said.
"What matters is the information is there that its transparent and that will become apparent in due course."
Seven asylum seeker boats - carrying 480 passengers - arrived between the September 7 election and last Tuesday, the day before the Coalition Government was sworn in.
The Government's plans 'offensive to Indonesians'
The Coalition's policy includes turning boats back to Indonesia, buying old boats from Indonesian fishermen and paying Indonesians to spy on people-smuggling operations.
A member of the Indonesian parliamentary foreign affairs commission Tantowi Yahya earlier this week said Jakarta has "major concerns" with the Government's policies and threaten to damage the Australia-Indonesia relationship.
Mr Burke said the Government will have problems implementing its policies which they say is "offensive to Indonesians".
"What I believe will happen [is]... they'll throw up their hands, make a lot of noise, they'll then do what they've already started doing which is not let anyone know whether or not boats have arrived," they said.
"They'll end up having to implement the regional resettlement arrangements that we started."
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has promised the Coalition's policies would "stop the boats" and would have an immediate effect once they were implemented.
Topics: immigration, federal-government, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
While Tom Cruise's attentions are currently focused on destroying the last lingering shred of "cool" associated with rock 'n' roll, they recently took time out from the Bataan Death March that is the Rock Of Ages publicity campaign to confirm he's still looking to peg a somber coda on another '80s power ballad—namely, Top Gun. Cruise offered scant new details on the long-rumored sequel to the film in which America defeats the Russians with wicked guitar solos, basically, but they did confirm to MTV that he, director Tony Scott, and producer Jerry Bruckheimer are "working on it," and that they do hope to return to the role of young hotshot pilot Maverick, who would still be at least one of those things. "It would be fun getting into those jets. I want to fly those jets!" Cruise added, the power of their actualization skills accidentally scrambling a fleet of F-16s piloted by Cruise's sheer force of will, until they had to be shot down over Denver. Meanwhile, MTV also spoke to Cruise's heterosexual volleyball rival Val Kilmer, who let it be known that they would also be up for returning for a sequel, saying, "I'd have to get a haircut." "Yes… a haircut," Val Kilmer's agents replied meekly.
Advertisement
Triga Mark I Reactor[1] Operating Institution Texas A&M University Type Pool Utilization 90 MW·d/yr Power 1 MW (thermal) Construction and Upkeep Construction Cost US$1.5 million Construction Began January 1, 1959 First Criticality January 1, 1962 Annual Upkeep Cost US$0.9 million Staff 20 Operators 11 Technical Specifications Max Thermal Flux 2.0×1013 n/(cm²·s) Max Fast Flux 2.0×1011 n/(cm²·s) Fuel Type uranium zirconium hydride Cooling 100% natural convection Neutron Moderator light water
zirconium hydride Control Rods 6 rods, B 4 C Cladding Material stainless steel
There are two nuclear research reactors that serve the Texas A&M University Nuclear Science Center. The older of the two is the AGN-201M model, a low-power teaching reactor. The newer reactor, the TRIGA Mark I, is focused strongly towards research.
This was the first reactor of the Nuclear Engineering program at Texas A&M, built in the 1950s and licensed in August 26, 1957.[2] It is going through system upgrades and is not operational for 2017. The reactor is of a negligible thermal power of 5 watts but achieves criticality, making it a critical assembly.
The AGN-201M type reactor is also employed at University of New Mexico and another AGN-201 type is used at Idaho State University.
TRIGA Mark I [ edit ]
This is the main reactor of the NSC, operation began in 1961. Tours are available to the public and it is reported that around 2,000 students participate in a tour each year. In 1999 there were 2,982 visitors.
The reactor is located in a stand-alone facility two and a half miles (4.0 km) away from the Texas A&M campus and close to an airfield.
Technical specifications [ edit ]
This reactor was part of the first line of TRIGA reactors but has a number of features that distinguishes it from the other dozens of TRIGA reactors in use today. It is a 1 megawatt pool-type reactor. It is designed for optimal irradiation of samples and is used to produce a number of radioisotopes for medical and industry applications.[3]
The reactor ran on 70% highly enriched uranium (HEU) until early 2006 when the core was refueled with low enriched uranium as a part of the National Nuclear Security Administration's (NNSA) Global Threat Reduction Initiative. This was a part of the Bush administration's efforts to minimize the terrorist threat posed by nuclear fuel in civilian applications around the world and constituted the first and only refueling of the reactor ever. In the decades that it had been in operation, the fuel had depleted its U-235 content from 70% to around 60%. The new fuel is somewhere under 20% enriched since it is classified as LEU.
ISLAMABAD: The Ministry of Defence has sent a formal application to the Pakistan Electronic Media Regulatory Authority (PEMRA) seeking a ban on 'Geo News' – ARY News reports.
Sources told that the Minister of Defence, Khawaja Asif sent an application to PEMRA, under Sections 32 and 36 of the PEMRA Ordinance 2002, urging for a case against the editorial team and management of Geo News.
The Ministry of Defence took the stance that Geo News, following the attack on Hamid Mir, aired defamatory and insulting content against the Inter Services Intelligence (ISI) and its Chief, Lieutenant General Zaheer ul Islam, which should not at all be broadcasted.
The Defence Ministry of Pakistan urged PEMRA to cancel the license of Geo News, after analyzing all the evidences and facts against the channel.
Comments
comments
The Verdict: Last night's chicken Parma was imbibed with my junior Parma correspondent Davo and they summed this one up pretty well … “This is perfect Uncle Steve … Except for the salad!”. The bad salad coupled with a few other minor issues ensures the Gap Tavern Chicken Parmigiana will not win the “Robert Parma”.
Parma Pic:
Chicken: I will be honest here and say that when the meal first dropped in front of me I thought the chicken looked overcooked and dry. It would be fair to say that some of the outer crumb shell was very crisp however the chicken inside was cooked perfectly.
Tomato Sauce: One of the best tomato sauces I have tested so far the GT Parma tomato sauce was very rich and tasted wonderful. It was also abundant and covered the Parma well.
Ham: On what was a moderately large chicken piece the ham provided broadly covered it. Even more impressive the ham cut through what was a large amount of cheese and sauce to provide its own flavour to the dish. It wasn't drowned out by its more obvious counterparts.
Cheese: Dare I say it but this is close to the best cheese I have tried in my quest. The picture does not do it justice. Well melted, tasty and thickly covering the chicken this cheese nailed everything I look for!
Side Dishes: The chips on my chicken Parma were quite nice if only just a touch cold when they came out. That coldness did not take away from there crispness or how well they were salted unlike some other chips that have been presented to date. The salad was a massive disappointment: again what was plated looked and tasted like it had been in the fridge too long. The lettuce in particular was quite rubbery. Add to this the fact there was no dressing on the salad and simply put, I could not finish it!
Presentation: I am a broken record I know but again this meal came out on a plate too small to fit all of its elements without the chicken resting on the bulk of the chips.
The Venue: The Gap Tavern is an icon of suburban Brisbane drinking and pub food nestled in the hills of the upmarket inner north west suburbs. If you are in the Gap / Ashgrove area I can not think of anywhere else you would venture to be honest for a beverage. It has a very diverse menu in the restaurant. My Parma cost $22 which felt about right given its size.
The Final Word: Homer Simpson once chanted whilst part of a conga line “You don't win friends with salad” and, as always, the great man was right because salad is often the forgotten part of any dish. Unfortunately this quote also applies to the Gap Tavern Chicken Parmigiana because it would have landed much higher on the Parma ladder but for its salad not winning me or the Junior Parma reviewer (Davo) over!
Brian Campbell breaks down every match on Sunday's fully loaded SummerSlam card, while senior stats analyst Sean Coyle offers ratings worth a maximum of 5 points. Criteria for ratings is based on storytelling, in-ring execution, match psychology, timing and innovation -- worth up to 1 point each.
The following was updated in real time.
Chris Jericho and Kevin Owens def. Enzo Amore and Big Cass by pinfall (12:08)
If the team of Jericho and Owens -- creatively dubbed as Jeri-KO -- proves to merely be a temporary one, they showed tremendous chemistry in defeating Enzo and Cass to open the pay-per-view portion of the card.
Ratings summary (3.00) The match was filled with charismatic antics. It was the perfect choice to open the show as the ring work was solid -- as you'd expect from these four -- and the energy level was high. Storytelling: 0.75
In-ring execution: 0.50
Match psychology: 0.75
Timing: 0.50
Innovation: 0.50
After Enzo, dressed in pinstriped overalls, got over with the New York crowd before the match by quoting song lyrics by Frank Sinatra and Brooklyn native Notorious B.I.G., they were quickly transitioned into full-time selling. Outside of an early high spot that was nearly blown when Cass threw Enzo over the ropes onto Jeri-KO after initially appearing they might come up short, it was all Jericho and Owens as they kept Enzo cornered.
The eventual hot tag to Big Cass came -- and they cleaned house as expected -- but Owens deftly broke up the Rocket Launcher finisher attempt from behind by tripping Enzo. This finish would come shortly after as Owens popped up Enzo before stepping out of the way as Jericho hit them with a particulary stiff Codebreaker to the face for the pin.
WWE women's championship: Charlotte def. Sasha Banks by pinfall (13:51)
It was hard to imagine how Sasha and Charlotte might top their spectacular July 25 bout on Raw, where Banks captured the title cleanly by submission. But top it they did -- in spectacular fashion.
Ratings summary (3.25) After overcoming some early hiccups, these two really began putting it together. The intensity picked up and they did some pretty incredible things. Storytelling: 0.75
In-ring execution: 0.50
Match psychology: 0.50
Timing: 0.50
Innovation: 1.00
You simply couldn't turn your head as the match featured one dangerous high spot after another -- including a few that were outright botched, with Banks appearing legitimately hurt on more than one occasion.
Charlotte attempted to suplex Banks off the top rope early on but appeared to drop them accidentally, with Banks hitting the ropes on the way down before landing on their head. Later, in the biggest spot of the match, Sasha worked out of what appeared to be a Razor's Edge attempt by Charlotte off the top rope by landing a spectacular hurricanrana onto the canvas. Replays showed that Banks landed on their head on the way down.
The bout produced unending chants from the elated crowd and both performers sold out physically, including Banks landing a double flying knee from the top rope onto Charlotte, who was standing outside the ring and took a hard bump on the floor.
The finish was strong as Charlotte began their second reign as WWE champion by flipping Sasha backward during a Banks Statement attempt and pinning their shoulders down.
WWE Intercontinental championship: The Miz def. Apollo Crews by pinfall (5:45)
Very little effort or time had been given to The Miz's feud with Crews during the first month of SmackDown Live following the brand extension. That continued with their brief come-down match Sunday, which followed the theatrics of the women's title match.
Ratings summary (2.50) The in-ring work was great in this short match. Crews looked especially good. However, there just wasn't much of a story. Nice execution, poor story. Storytelling: 0.25
In-ring execution: 0.75
Match psychology: 0.50
Timing: 0.50
Innovation: 0.50
The most memorable part of the match might have been The Miz's entrance, with both they and Maryse wearing outfits with matching sparkle. The finish came just minutes later as Crews was sent hard into the ring post before stumbling backward into the Skull-Crushing Finale as The Miz's self-proclaimed "Never Ending Intercontinental Title World Tour" extended to a 139th day.
A.J. Styles def. John Cena by pinfall (23:10)
Considering the relative lack of buzz surrounding their feud entering Sunday's card, you had the feeling Styles and Cena might look to steal the show by putting forth the match of the night. We didn't know they would go as far as entering discussion for match of the year.
Ratings summary (5.00) Wow. We just witnessed a classic. From beginning to end, and everything in between, that was fantastic. That, ladies and gentlemen, is a perfect 5. Storytelling: 1.00
In-ring execution: 1.00
Match psychology: 1.00
Timing: 1.00
Innovation: 1.00
Styles brought a likely end to their entertaining three-month feud following Cena's return from shoulder surgery by recording their second victory by pinfall in three fights. And this one had the feel of an instant classic right from the start with an incredible level of attention to detail.
The match escalated quickly into an exchange of finishing moves as both Cena (following a Styles Clash) and Styles (after receiving an Attitude Adjustment) kicked out at the count of two. From there it spiraled into a steady tradeoff of innovative suplexes and near falls, each time building the crowd to a higher level.
The intensity not only kept building, there was never a letdown. Styles went on to kick out of a trio of impressive moves from Cena, including an Attitude Adjustment and tornado DDT, both from the top rope.
Late in the match, Cena leaned against the corner and stared across the ring as a weary Styles struggled to their feet. As Cena went to attempt yet another AA, Styles slipped out. They followed with a Styles Clash, before landing an emphatic Phenomenal Forearm for the three count.
It's hard to tell what is next for Cena considering their increasing opportunities in entertainment outside of the ring. But it's worth noting they received an extended standing ovation from the crowd as they slowly walked up the ramp after the match.
WWE tag team championship: The Club def. The New Day (c) by disqualification (9:10)
How do you make a match stand out when it's forced to follow Styles-Cena? Add a little comedy and a splash of ridiculousness.
Ratings summary (2.75) This was a good tag match while it lasted, but it never quite reached the next level. We did get some comedy out of it, though. Storytelling: 0.50
In-ring execution: 0.50
Match psychology: 0.75
Timing: 0.50
Innovation: 0.50
With Big E expected to be sidelined and absent from ringside after suffering an injury to their pelvic region at the hands of The Club, comedian Jon Stewart took their pace as the mouthpiece for The New Day. From there the match was a relative basic one as each team traded moves evenly.
Late in the match, Karl Anderson landed a running kick to the head of Xavier Woods. They then teamed with Luke Gallows to land their finishing move, the Magic Killer. But Stewart ran into the ring to interrupt the pin, comedically attempting to give The Club a "Too Sweet" hand signal before cowering against the ropes in fear.
Just as The Club grabbed Stewart and appeared ready to injure them against the ring post in the same manner they did to Big E, it was a running save from Big E himself, who cleaned house after sprinting toward the ring, that brought an end to the bout by disqualification.
The New Day retained the WWE titles despite the loss, which ended with Big E took a disgusting drink from the mason jar filled with eggs and discolored water that The Club brought to the ring.
WWE world championship: Dean Ambrose (c) def. Dolph Ziggler by pinfall (15:16)
So much for the reinvention of Ziggler as a main event-level talent, as their WWE world championship opportunity against Ambrose will be a forgotten one.
Ratings summary (2.50) The match was a bit underwhelming considering its potential. Both Ambrose and Ziggler hit their spots, but it just never took off the way it could have. Storytelling: 0.50
In-ring execution: 0.75
Match psychology: 0.50
Timing: 0.50
Innovation: 0.25
The match might not have been as bad as the pockets of "This is boring!" chants that broke out at times from the Brooklyn faithful, but there was certainly nothing memorable about it. The match's placement on the card ahead of even the United States title bout, only lent to the theory that the WWE's Universal championship has become the company's new premier title.
Ambrose dominated early before the match split into an even -- and often sloppy -- tradeoff of moves. Ziggler countered an Ambrose slam attempt and executed a partial Zig Zag finisher but could get only two. Another sloppy sequence followed, before Ambrose ended matters with the Dirty Deeds for the pin.
Natalya, Alexa Bliss and Nikki Bella def. Carmella, Becky Lynch and Naomi by pinfall (11:07)
Nikki Bella made a surprise return following neck surgery in this six-person tag team match as a late-replacement for Eva Marie, who was suspended on Thursday for a wellness policy violation. It was Bella's first match in 10 months since losing their then-WWE Divas title in a feud with Charlotte.
Ratings summary (1.50) This match didn't offer much outside of Nikki Bella's return. There were some decent spots, but it felt drawn out. Storytelling: 0.25
In-ring execution: 0.50
Match psychology: 0.25
Timing: 0.25
Innovation: 0.25
Bella appeared fully recovered while taking bumps during a pair of appearances in the bout, which had popcorn match written all over it. They also factored into the finish, landing their new finishing move on Carmella to record the pin, which preceded a big pop from the crowd.
Inaugural WWE universal championship: Finn Balor def. Seth Rollins by pinfall (19:24)
For full recap and rating, click here.
WWE United States championship: Rusev (c) and Roman Reigns fought to a no contest
This one was over not much longer after it started.
In a match that was already curiously placed on the card -- right before the main event and after the more prestigious title bouts before it -- the booking was just as confusing. Rusev and Reigns brawled to a no contest after it was announced that WWE medical staff deemed Rusev could not continue.
It was difficult to tell whether the injury was real or part of the storyline after Rusev, who appeared to be selling a rib injury by holding their side, was hit with a massive spear from Reigns outside the ring.
Brock Lesnar def. Randy Orton by TKO (11:45)
For full recap and rating, click here.
MTV
By Jacob Tobia
The holiday season is often pretty tough for queer people. For many folks, it's the one time of year when we have to go home and deal with our families asking hundreds of questions about our gender identity, sexual orientation and life choices.
Even in the best circumstances, this can mean some pretty awkward conversations; in the worst, it can be outright traumatizing. So with the holidays around the corner, here are some tips for talking to your parents about being genderqueer. May they help you focus more on the cranberry sauce, and less on the impending doom of awkward conversations with your family.
Twenty20
1. Recognize that coming out as genderqueer often takes time — like, a lot of time.
It took me eight years from the time I realized I was genderqueer until I finally sat down with my father to explain my identity. My gender expression, the clothes I wore and the way I carried myself had been changing all along, but I was 24 before I finally said the words, “Dad, I'm not a man, I'm not a woman, I'm genderqueer.” It wasn't that I was afraid to talk to my father about my gender identity, it's just that it felt strange to label my gender identity so overtly when my gender expression had changed a long time ago.
2. Coming out isn't always a one-time thing.
I had always thought about coming out as a one-and-done process, but coming out as genderqueer hasn't really worked like that. Did wearing lipstick in front of my family for the first time count as “coming out” as genderqueer? Maybe, but that isn't really the right question to ask in the first place.
For many genderqueers or gender non-conforming people, coming out is a marathon, not a sprint; every act of gender self-determination is a significant step on a much longer journey. Thinking about coming out as a process rather than a singular moment can help take the pressure off around the holidays, because even if this year with your family is awkward, you often have another chance in the future.
3. Sometimes, silence can mean progress.
In my relationship with my parents, some of the most profound moments of acceptance haven't come in the form of verbalized acceptance — they've come as silent affirmation.
I'll never forget the first time that my mom and I went thrift shopping for skirts for my new job. We had fun, and they helped me pick out a few skirts that we both liked, but the most memorable moment for me was the car ride home when we listened to the radio together. It showed me, more than anything else, that my gender identity was normal in their eyes. Sitting together in silence — knowing we both had figured out this genderqueer thing, knowing we didn't have to say anything about it because it just was — was incredible.
4. Push back on rejection, but don't push too hard.
If your family is anything like mine, there will be times when at least one of your parents tries to tell you that your gender identity is not acceptable. It happened the first time for me when I wore lipstick to the dinner table and my dad blurted out, “You can wear lipstick if you want, but not in my house.”
When they said that, I considered getting up from the dinner table and leaving. I considered yelling at them and starting a big fight. Instead I calmly said, “This is who I am, Dad. Now can we eat dinner?” It worked — they gave up trying to change me. When my father tried to reject my gender identity, I very gently pushed back, and that helped them learn to respect me more.
Of course, sometimes rejection turns into verbal or physical abuse, and in those cases it may be best to remove yourself from the situation and deescalate conflict. But gently pushing back on your parents' rejection can be an important tactic at your disposal as they learn to understand who you are.
5. It feels shitty, but sometimes it's okay to change your gender presentation in the short term to protect your emotional or physical safety.
There's a sense among many genderqueers and gender non-conforming activists that if you aren't expressing your gender identity authentically at all times, you've somehow failed the community and failed yourself. But let's face it — sometimes we want to have dinner with our family and not have it turn into a nasty argument (or worse, into abuse or being kicked out of the house).
As my parents have been learning to accept and love me for who I am, there have been times when I've decided it was best for my emotional health not to wear a dress around the house or walk around in high heels. In those moments, I wasn't abandoning my identity; I was just acknowledging that I was exhausted with fighting all of the time, and I did what I needed to do in order to feel safe and happy at home.
Everyone deserves parents who accept them for who they are, but sometimes steps on that road require short-term compromises in order to make long-term gains. What's more, if you live in a situation where your family members are emotionally or physically abusive towards you when you express your gender identity, it's okay to change your gender presentation to protect your safety. It's not giving up on who you are; it's protecting yourself from harm.
6. Space away from your family is both acceptable and healthy.
If your parents are not supportive of your gender identity and your home life is not affirming for you, it's important to find ways to get away during the holidays. It may not be possible to avoid your family completely, but find as much time in supportive company as you can.
Spend time at a friend's house, get coffee with your one cool aunt or even just go on a walk around the neighborhood when you need to let off some steam. Coming out to or reconciling with your parents can be hard work, and creating space for yourself is critical for your emotional health.
7. Have friends lined up to love you during the holidays.
Being around unaccepting family members or being around your family while you're still in the closet about your gender identity can be extremely draining. So make sure you have friends lined up who can give you love, support and affirmation during the holidays. Even if it just means having your bestie on speed dial, knowing someone has your back will make a huge difference.
8. You may not get “full” acceptance from your parents, but you might not need that after all.
Often we're told that, in order to have a loving relationship with our families, they have to accept and cherish every facet of who we are. But for many of us, that may never be possible. Sure, my dad has learned to at least be around me while I'm in a dress, but I don't think we'll ever get to a point in our relationship where they can fully appreciate and understand my gender identity.
As I get older, I realize more and more that the affirmation and love that I need is often going to come from my chosen family — from the friends I surround myself with. For queer people, chosen family is such a powerful thing. We owe it to ourselves to be surrounded with friends and mentors who see us as we are and love us fully. Maybe it's okay if our other family is a little bit awkward about our gender identity, because through our chosen families, we can have all the unconditional love we'll ever need.
Jacob Tobia is an advocate, writer and speaker committed to justice for genderqueer, gender non-conforming and transgender people. Jacob uses the gender-neutral pronouns they/them and likes to put Sriracha on pretty much everything. Connect with Jacob on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Tumblr.
For more on what it means to be genderqueer, head to Look Different.
Terra Motors Corp, a Japan-based venture firm that develops electric motorcycles, announced an electric motorcycle that can be equipped with Apple Inc's iPhone smartphone and functions together with it July 10, 2013.
An iPhone can be set in front of the driver's seat for checking the charging status and mileage of the motorcycle as well as for recording motor load and position and checking them later. For the future, Terra Motors plans to add a navigation function and dispatch control function for business use and offer a new service using data on driving history.
For the new electric motorcycle, “A4000i,” an optimal structure for electric vehicles was designed in Japan, Terra Motors said. The maximum output of its motor is 4kW. It is equipped with a lithium-ion (Li-ion) rechargeable battery unit with a capacity of 1,920Wh (48V, 40Ah).
The motorcycle can travel 65km (on a flat road at a constant speed) per charge. Its maximum speed and hill climbing capacity are 65km/h and 15°, respectively.
A permanent-magnet in-wheel motor is used for the A4000i, whose rear wheel is directly driven without using, for example, a reduction gear. The rear suspension is a cantilever type.
The Li-ion rechargeable battery of the motorcycle is the “18650,” which is 18mm in diameter and 65mm in length. Terra Motors did not disclose the details, such as the manufacturer, of the battery.
The battery unit is detachable and can be charged with a household power outlet (100V or 200V). It takes 4.5 hours to charge the battery. And the life of the battery is 50,000km.
The replacement battery unit is currently sold for ¥100,000 (approx US$1,005). The price is expected to drop after three to five years when the life of the current battery expires.
Terra Motors plans to release a limited number of the A4000i (2,000) at the end of 2013. After that, it will start volume production of the motorcycle, planning to sell it not only in Japan but also in other Asian countries. The company aims to sell 100,000 units by 2015.
The price of the A4000i is ¥450,000 in Japan. It is expected to be sold for almost the same price outside Japan. The motorcycle is manufactured in Vietnam.
Source: Tech-On
The Pew Research Center published a fascinating report on political polarization and the media a few months back. The report contains this chart, based on survey data of people who say they've read, watched, or listened to different media outlets. It shows how consistently liberal or conservative the average audience member of 32 different media outlets is:
One interesting finding here is that even the politically polarized cable news channels, Fox News and MSNBC, have notably less ideologically consistent audiences than many other web or print publications. This likely has to do with TV as a mainstream medium — people without strongly formed views may be more likely to get their political news from TV, rather than tracking down print publications or seeking out news on the internet. Among internet news sources that were widely used by survey respondents, the average readers of Yahoo News and Google News also have mixed or unclear ideologies.
Meanwhile, every print publication tracked, from the Washington Post to the New Yorker, had audiences that leaned liberal — except for the Wall Street Journal, whose audience was just slightly more conservative than average. A cluster of talk radio and internet media sources like Breitbart and The Rush Limbaugh Show have the most conservative audiences. And there's a variety of outlets and programs with very liberal audiences, from NPR to Al Jazeera America to Slate and the New Yorker.
Head over to Pew for the full report, by Amy Mitchell, Jeffrey Gottfried, Jocelyn Kiley, and Katerina Eva Matsa.
In quite the egregious chyron fail, CNN's live coverage on Friday of the Nice, France terror attack featured an interview with one young survivor and was deemed by the CNN graphic of having been a “Trump Rampage Survivor” hinting that they had lived to tell of a rampage carried out by presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
CNN's Legal View had been airing a series of live and taped soundbites from those who were injured in the truck attack by a French-Tunisian man that's left at least 84 dead (as of this writing) and hundreds injured.
For all the others both prior to and after this massive fail, all individuals were simply described as being “Truck Rampage Survivors” next to their names.
CNN then played a clip of a young man named Karim Laamara who appeared to be of Muslim ethnicity and described “many, many” “people on the ground” in a scene so horrifying that they “was trying not to look” because “it was too painful, too painful.”
However, the caption for Laamara featured a unique descriptor for their situation as it ruled they had been a “Trump Rampage Suvivor.”
There have been an endless supply of chyron fails over the years, but this one seems like it stands out above the others simply because of the connotations concerning both Trump but also the 2016 presidential election in the United States. Further, this sort of failure only paints the liberal media in an even more disparaging light.
(h/t: Washington Free Beacon)
Posted by
Harjeet Johal ,
March 22, 2016 Twitter
@HarJournalist
Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C. - Canada has assembled in Vancouver this week as Benito Floro's squad of 23-players prepare for a crucial World Cup Qualifying fixture against Mexico on Friday, March 25 at BC Place. 50,000 spectators are expected to pile in for what is slated to be an epic clash between CONCACAF rivals looking to solidify a spot at the top of Group A. Mexico currently sit first with 6 points, while Canada is second with 4 points. El Salvador remain on 1 point, while Honduras has 0 points. The top two teams from Group A will qualify for "The Hex" and Canada has not made it that far since 1986. Toronto FC midfielder Will Johnson is looking forward to the match and shared their thoughts on the challenge that Mexico will present. "A tough game, a very good team. It's going to be a rowdy atmosphere, there's obviously a lot at stake because it's a World Cup Qualifier, which adds to the intensity. I think it'll be a battle, for a lack of a better term." Under the guidance of Coach Benito Floro, Canada has come along way since the Spaniards appointment on August 1, 2013. Canada has been able to recruit talented players like Junior Holiett, Steven Vitoria and most recently. Scottish born midfielder Scott Arfield. The new wave of Canadians has boosted morale, confidence, and talent within the men's national team program. West Ham centre-back Doneil Henry has noticed how big an impact new player acquisitions are having for Canada. Going into a match against a World Cup perennial like Mexico. Canada has a new-found belief that they can compete and come away with a result. "Yeah definitely, I think with the guys that we have in the squad now, I think the national team for the men's is really changing," explained Henry. "We have a good set of veteran presence in the players that we have here, but a lot of young guys who are hungry, who can make a difference when called upon by Benito. These next two games are really important in the group stage. If we can get results out of it, I think we can definitely get to the top of the table." Mexico Coach Juan Carlos Osorio is bringing a talented roster to Vancouver to take on Canada featuring Javier Hernandez, Andres Guardado, Marco Fabian, Hector Herrera, and Raul Jimenez. It will be monumentally important for Canada to weather the early storm. It's unknown how many fans will be decked out in green Mexico kits cheering for the visitors. Canada can't afford to get behind early and play into a track meet with Mexico. Will Johnson has other ideas and a change in forecasts. "Yeah, hopefully they're weathering our storm though. We've got a lot of fans coming too, and we've got a lot of good players, and obviously we feel comfortable and confident. Hopefully they have to weather our storm as much as we weather theirs." With a massive crowd of support and one of the strongest Canada roster we've seen in some time, Canada must get a result. It won't be pretty going to The Estadio Azteca on Tuesday to play Mexico in Mexico City. Everything this week in Vancouver is looking positive for Floro and their players. Mexico is going to be no picnic, but make no mistake. This is a vastly improved Canadian team. The players all know what this game means, how important it is, and how serious they have to take it. The former TFC defender likes the experience and professionalism Canada's new additions have brought to the team. It won't all be on the boots of Arfield and Holiett, but they will be counted on more than others to deliver in the clutch. "These guys play at big clubs, and a guy like Scott Arfield has been at the top-level for many years," said Henry. "These guys know what the big games mean, they know what it is to be a true professional like Junior (Hoilett), Scott (Arfield), and like you said, Steven Vitoria. These guys are top professionals. They come in and add to the group the quality, that maybe the team has lacked. These are the guys that when they are called upon, we're going to have to lean-to them, along with the guys who have been here previously. I think it's going to be a good mix and everybody is going to buy into what Benito wants us to do and we can get results." It's a great time to be a Canada Soccer fan. The enthusiasm and positivity surrounding this Canadian team is enough to fill the hearts of thousands of Daniel Squizzato's. The players have noticed this as well. Getting behind and supporting Canada's quest to qualify for the 2018 Russia World Cup is another step in the right direction in building for the future. 2015 Portland Timbers MLS Cup Champion, Will Johnson agrees. "Absolutely, this is it. There hasn't been a game like this on Canadian soil since I've been playing and maybe in the last decade or two at least. This is a good opportunity for everyone to see that we have good players, we're getting better, we're striving to catch one of the best teams. To play them at home with 50,000 people is an opportunity that many players on our squad didn't think that we would get. This has come earlier than expected and now we're going to try and take this opportunity and show that." BC Place showed that it was a fortress during the 2015 Women's World Cup and Canada's Men's National team is hoping that rings true on Friday. Mexico is a strong opponent, but playing in an unfamiliar environment and on artificial turf could give Canada the extra bit of advantage they need to pick up a result. Notes: Canadian midfielder Iain Hume's arrival has been delayed to due travel interruptions.
Religious leaders have a long history of convincing their church members to do unique things, this is no different in Kenya, where one pastor orders their female members to remove their undergarments in the name of Christ.
NewsOne reports:
Kenyan pastor Rev. Njohi has raised not only a few eyebrows but red flags with their unorthodox suggestion of having their female congregants remove their bras and underwear before coming to church, so that Christ can freely enter their bodies with their spirit, according to The Kenyan Daily Post.
Njohi, who is the pastor of the Lord's Propeller Redemption Church in Kenya, reportedly refers to undergarments as “ungodly.” The bible-toting minister called together a meeting with church officials and allegedly discussed banning the undergarments because people “need to be free in body and spirit in order to receive Christ.”
After warning their female congregants about the evils of skivvies, the God-fearing pastor spoke of the damnation they will suffer if they dare not to go bare underneath.
In true fashion, the church's female population reportedly did come to church sans their undies, the Post reports, in order to prepare for their spiritual taking.
This SICK Pastor probably wanted to lay hands on these unsuspecting women folk!
Do you think pastors should be monitored more closely or do they deserve free rein in their ministering?
(Photo: Courtesy of NewsOne)
BOSTON (CBS) – Get ready, T riders, for that mix of flattery and revulsion.
BostonTcrush.com is launching Tuesday.
The site's creators have had success with similar ventures in New York City and London.
The site asks subway riders to secretly take pictures of fellow attractive passengers and post them for comment.
WBZ-TV's Jim Armstrong reports
The current pictures are all men.
That's because the London and New York sites only post men.
Boston will be the first city where women's pictures are in the mix, too.
We ran the idea past the T, where a spokesperson told us, “While the MBTA does not have legal authority to restrict this effort, please know that the T does not endorse it.”
The site's founder says they will take down photos of anyone who does not want them posted.
Advertisement
Photo: John Harper/Corbis
For many amateur climbers, summiting Mount Everest represents one of life's greatest challenges and achievements. But for the Nepalese and foreign professionals who work there, the larger challenge is figuring out how to keep the place clean.
Efforts to beautify what's frequently called “the world's highest garbage dump” have been under way for more than a decade, with mixed results. Spent oxygen canisters, empty beer bottles, and tattered tents recovered from the mountain can often be reused or recycled, but human waste is a messier problem. Each year, porters haul down some 12,000 kilograms of poop from base camps at Everest and the nearby Pumori, Lhotse, and Nuptse mountains. Getting the material off the mountain is one thing; however, properly disposing of it is another.
The waste is currently delivered on foot to Gorak Shep, the nearest village to Everest, sitting at 5,164 meters (3.2 miles) above sea level. The porters drop the poop into unlined pits, leaving the raw excrement to slowly dehydrate and break down in the open air, which, at such high altitudes, can take years. In the meantime, the waste mars the landscape and potentially contaminates the town's water supply. Both the Nepalese government and the climbing community recognize that this method of disposal is a hazard to environmental as well as human health, but given the remoteness of the site and the magnitude of the problem, solutions have remained elusive.
“In places like Alaska they have an expensive solution—they helicopter the waste out—but that's not available in a lot of developing countries where there aren't even treatment plants they can helicopter it to” —Garry Porter, Mt. Everest Biogas Project
A team of volunteer engineers might be just what Nepal needs, however. Members of the Mt. Everest Biogas Project, as it's called, say they have a potential fix: a specially designed biogas reactor that can transform Gorak Shep's fetid trenches into energy. Not only would it eliminate the need for the poop pits, it would also provide the village with a bountiful, free source of methane, which could be used as fuel for cooking and heating homes.
Garry Porter, a retired Boeing engineer based in Seattle, and their buddy Dan Mazur, a professional mountaineer, hatched the idea back in 2010. Mazur lives in Nepal and Tibet for half the year and regularly leads climbs up Everest, so they were well aware of the poop predicament. Porter became intimate with it in 2003, when they attempted to scale Everest. “The Nepalese consider this their sacred mountain, and we're defecating on it,” they say.
Thousands of biogas reactors already operate at lower altitudes throughout Nepal, but temperatures at Gorak Shep prevent the needed waste-devouring bacteria from thriving. Recognizing this, Mazur asked Porter if they thought it would be possible to create a biogas digester that could function in the cold. Porter did, and the project was born.
Photo: Garry Porter It's The Pits: Human waste from Mount Everest climbers is brought down from base camps and dumped in pits like this one in the Nepalese village of Gorak Shep.
After recruiting about a dozen other engineer volunteers, Porter and their team began brainstorming a solution, keeping in mind that they could use only materials that are readily available in Kathmandu, Nepal's capital. Rather than build something from scratch, they decided to figure out a way to insulate the preexisting design, a 6-cubic-meter model that, if kept warm enough, could process all the climber waste currently dumped in Gorak Shep.
Having worked through several iterations, the team settled on a relatively straightforward solution. The digester itself will be swaddled in R-50 (heavy) insulation, and a 200-watt resistor coil—similar to those found in water heaters—will deliver heat. The contents of the digester, which is buried in the ground, must remain at 30 °C or higher. Given the ground and air temperature, the engineers calculated that doing this would require an average of 100 W, a figure that they doubled to be safe.
There was another problem, of course: Gorak Shep has no access to electricity. (A few telecom companies serving climbers have photovoltaic installations for their own needs.) Consulting meteorological databases, the team determined that—given the maximum summer and minimum winter temperatures, plus days of cloud cover and snow—an array of 16 photovoltaic solar panels would be able to produce the needed 200 W. A bank of Exide LMXT 2-volt batteries, which are designed for use with solar arrays, is also needed to keep the digester running at night and on overcast days. The whole thing will be topped off with a shelter, which the volunteer group Architects Without Borders has offered to design.
Porter and the other engineers recently submitted a 27-page “Basis of Design” for peer review to engineers not involved in the project. In February, it was returned with the reviewers' stamp of approval. The Nepalese government, residents of Gorak Shep, and the climbing community have all responded enthusiastically as well. Now the biogas team is working on estimating the price—certainly in the thousands of dollars, the engineers say—of building and installing the digester, which will be funded entirely by donations. Construction is tentatively slated for 2016. “Our intent is to build one, get it up and running, train local operators—and then the horses leave town,” Porter says. “But we will have people in Seattle and Kathmandu who can provide technical support for the life of the system.”
If successful, the project could be replicated in other locations that are too cold for traditional digesters. “In places like Alaska they have an expensive solution—they helicopter the waste out—but that's not available in a lot of developing countries where there aren't even treatment plants they can helicopter it to,” Porter says. “If we can bring this technical solution to bear on a universal problem, then hey, that's great.”
This article originally appeared in print as “Waste-to-Energy at the Roof of the World.”
About the Author Rachel Nuwer is a Brooklyn, N.Y.-based journalist who writes for the New York Times, Smithsonian, Scientific American, and New Scientist among other publications. A globe trotter, she's been in 51 countries and lived in six.
How about a knuckle sandwich to go with that kale and quinoa?
Blue Apron — the gourmet meal-kit delivery service whose rapid growth has spurred chatter that it could go public as soon as next year — has been struggling not only to keep up with demand but with a troubling spate of violence among workers at its Jersey City, NJ, distribution warehouse, an investigation by The Post has found.
Just three weeks ago, on Sept. 20, bedlam erupted inside the facility as three fights broke out during a single evening shift — prompting a frightened team of corporate supervisors to flee the premises, according to eyewitnesses.
In one of the scuffles, a male worker in the warehouse's refrigerated packing room shoved a co-worker's head into a meal-kit box half-filled with ice, frozen meat and veggies, says Lowell Hensley Jr., who was working one assembly line over.
“One had the other in a headlock — they were basically choking them in the box,” Hensley told The Post in a recent interview. “It went on for maybe about six seconds. Then everyone realized they weren't playing, and some of the other employees broke it up.”
About an hour later, two female workers were pulled apart by co-workers after one pushed the other's head in an escalating shouting match, according to two employees who spoke on the condition The Post wouldn't use their names.
In a third scuffle, three workers dashed outside to fight — with a supervisor in hot pursuit — after one of them shoved and threatened a co-worker.
“One guy took their smock off” as they ran out, according to Hensley. “It was like one of those videos in jail, where a fight breaks out and everyone stops what they're doing and gets rowdy.”
It got so bad a while ago that some employees regularly brought knives and razor blades to work, adds Saquina Johnson, a 20-year-old former employee who worked at the Jersey City fulfillment center for most of last year.
“Some people were saying they were used for opening boxes,” Johnson said. “Others said they needed to protect themselves.”
Rising concerns over weapons and violence prompted management last fall to post a sign, “No Firearms,” next to the main entry gate. Today, all workers pass through a metal detector and are subject to having their bags checked as they report for their shifts.
‘It was like one of those videos in jail, where a fight breaks out and everyone stops what they're doing and gets rowdy.' - Lowell Hensley Jr.
None of the three employee dustups at the facility, which employs more than 1,000 full- and part-time workers, was reported to police. But they have fueled chatter among workers ever since.
The fights are even starting to frighten supervisors.
At a hastily called “emergency meeting” after the three-fight shift, a manager told workers that a group of corporate supervisors, who just happened to be visiting the facility that day, “weren't too happy about seeing that,” according to Hensley.
The truth is, Hensley noted, “They said they were actually scared to come back again.”
The chaos in Jersey City is an embarrassment for Blue Apron's 33-year-old founder and chief executive, Matt Salzberg, who leads the well-funded startup and directs their growing army of workers from a lavish loft in Manhattan's Flatiron District.
If Salzberg and their co-founders can't improve their warehouse management skills, it could complicate the company's reported ambitions to take itself public in a 2017 deal that could value the firm as high as $3 billion.
To date, Blue Apron has raised nearly $200 million from Silicon Valley investors, valuing the company at $2 billion.
Jersey City isn't Salzberg's only HR headache.
On Oct. 2, BuzzFeed reported incidents of violence were also commonplace at Blue Apron's West Coast facility in Richmond, Calif. It's more than just growing pains as the company has grown more than 10-fold over the past two years.
While the Jersey City dustups have been discussed among the workers, management has not publicly discussed the problems — until now.
On Monday, Blue Apron officials confirmed them.
“With over 5,000 employees nationally, it is unfortunate but unavoidable that incidents may occur from time to time, as they do at any employer of our size,” Blue Apron said in a statement. “If they do occur, we take immediate and appropriate action.”
Not all the problems are caused by workers, The Post was told.
Employees said sexual harassment and discrimination from management can be an issue, too.
“One supervisor for the morning shift got fired for sexual harassment — there was a lot of that going around,” one former worker told The Post of catcalls and other types of harassment that helped convince them to leave.
In response, Blue Apron said it conducted sex-harassment training for managers as recently as last week, and that the company's HR department has an open-door policy and an anonymous tip line.
“We take our policy on sexual harassment very seriously, and would immediately terminate any employee found to violate our policy,” the company said.
Sometimes tempers in the warehouse, two miles southeast of the Statue of Liberty, flare so much that the trouble spills out onto the streets of Jersey City. No amount of building security can stop that.
The Blue Apron building has drawn more than half a dozen police calls since it was opened less than two years ago, according to records reviewed by The Post.
One of the flashpoints for employee fights is the commute. Workers at the out-of-the-way building have to catch a shuttle bus to the light-rail train. Miss the last shuttle bus and you have to take an expensive Uber ride.
On Sept. 27, a 20-year-old worker, Alexsis Herberk, was hauled to jail and charged with aggravated assault and unlawful possession of a weapon after they stabbed a female co-worker at the 45th Street light-rail station, according to an NJ Transit police report.
The two had just finished their night shift.
“I heard they were fighting over a guy — it's usually something like that,” one Blue Apron worker told The Post in an interview last week, declining to give their name for fear of retribution from the company.
On Monday, a Blue Apron spokesperson said the company had been unaware of the incident.
“If we determine that any of our employees acted in a manner that is inconsistent with our policies or values, we will of course take immediate and appropriate action, including termination,” said the spokesperson, Nisha Devarajan, who added that the company would “never take disciplinary action for employees talking to the press.”
Other police calls to the fulfillment center involved accusations of petty theft, as well as seizures of suspected drugs including marijuana and heroin, according to reports.
Still, not every Blue Apron employee in Jersey City seemed unhappy — or even aware that the incidents had occurred.
“They've gotten rid of most of the knuckleheads who were causing problems,” said one male worker, about to board the light-rail train to an evening shift last week.
“It's really not that bad,” said another, flipping over the ID tag around their neck to hide their name. “I've been here two months and I only saw one fight.”
Ever wonder how a Jellyfish “stings”? Turns out, it's actually like a Needle. Check out this awesome graphic that Emily Weddle created from the latest episode of Smarter Every Day.
As you can see in the graphic, a Jellyfish actually stings you with needles. The process in the photo spans the time of approximately 20 milliseconds. If you watch the video I incorporate timing data so you can perform measurements.
What's so cool about this is scientists don't really understand HOW they nematocyst fire. They're pretty confident that they're triggered by mechancial contact on the outside, of the tentacle… but they're NOT sure how the stinger “inflates”. Dr. Seymour thinks it's too fast to be osmotic. There's obviously a channel somehow that opens and creates flow and pressure into the organelle. I bet it's some kind of REALLY quick chemical process.
I think we're going to call graphics like this “Smarter Every Day InfoGifs”. Emily came up with that name, I can't take credit for it! Here's them webpage.
Prairie Grove Senior Center Receives Anonymous $20K Donation Video
PRAIRIE GROVE, AR.-- - The Prairie Grove Senior Center has had difficulty meeting their goal to keep doors open but thanks to an anonymous donor, they won't have to worry anymore.
The center received a $20,000 donation on Tuesday which was exactly what they needed to meet their quota.
Senior citizens who frequently visit the center said they thank God for the donation.
"Oh you don't know how blessed we are by the Lord and how we thanked the people of our area," said Molly Ashley. "We don't know where this money came from, whether it was Prairie Grove, Rogers or wherever. It was a blessing to us here."
The center said they are relieved but now must work on next year so they are never in that position again.
After all those memes, promises, and heartbreaks, A Certain Magical Index is finally having its long-awaited second season. The Animax talk show, Anime Culture Club, will be hosting A Certain Magical Index producer, Kohei Kawase, and A Certain Magical Index light novel editor, Kazuma Miki, as guests for the show's October 1 episode. There, the anime's official website briefly listed that Index will indeed have season 3. The Season 3 announcement has now been taken down.
This new season announcement came 6 years after the second season last aired, and it certainly kept fans at a vigil waiting for this very moment. The website also talked about why Season 3 took so long, as it said that it may have come from the animation production side of things.
Miki has been teasing Season 3 for a while now. They previously asked fans to wait “a little longer” for Season 3 to be announced. They told fans to “please wait a little longer for season 3!” Though they did not specify which anime it is, many fans already know what series he's talking about. Miki also serves as a producer for the various anime for the A Certain series. The editor and anime producer previously talked about season 3 on Twitter, telling fans in an unofficial statement that season 3 is “plausible”.
The season 3 of A Certain Magical Index has been demanded by fans for a long time now, and it has even become a meme in several anime circles. As for the light novels themselves, the original series has already ended with the World War III arc, and creator Kazuma Kamachi is currently writing the A Certain Magical Index: New Testament line of light novels.
This is the FrSky Taranis RC X9D Plus radio system. The Plus version comes with the brand-new ultra light weight soft case. The radio also includes a Haptic Vibration Feedback System which provides an alternative feedback system to the existing voice and sound. If you are a club member this is a welcome addition without annoying your fellow club members. The Plus also includes a dual color LCD back-lit screen, allowing you to adjust from white to blue. Each radio ships with the newest firmware version to support the new haptic vibration feedback system.
Note: The SWR check of the transmitter antenna is no longer available.
When it comes to possibilities the Frsky TARANIS sets a new standard. FrSky is well known for their frequency hopping ACCST technology, that takes advantage of the entire 2.4GHz band, resulting in excellent range and reliability, they now offer their first full transmitter system.
The TARANIS mixes the power of the “OPEN TX” open-source software with an unbelievable ergonomic case with 8 programmable switches, two twist knobs and two easy to get to lateral 'slider' pots, and not to mention the ultra-smooth quad bearing gimbals.
The TARANIS utilizes Voice Alerts from an internal speaker, versus just an annoying beeper. For things like; audible Count down timers, low voltage warnings, landing gear down warnings etc., just about anything can be programmed, you can even use your own voice. The SD card slot offers unlimited memory options and a USB port for upgrades even a headphone jack.
One of the best features of the TARANIS is its full telemetry capability, as well as RSSI signal strength feedback, there are 3 different programmable fail-safe modes and receiver lock, so no more crashes due to selecting the wrong model. If you have stock in other brand receivers or BNF's, no worries the TARANIS has a JR style RF module slot, so you have the option of other brand modules such as the Orange DSM2/DSMX or Open LRS 433mhz module, or pop in another Frsky module to expand the transmitters capabilities even more with duel RF.
When you put it all together, between FrSky ACCST technology and the power of “OPEN TX” software and community, a ergonomic case with ultra-smooth smooth ball bearing gimbals and a large back-lit LCD with a included battery pack. You have versatility and power at an unprecedented value.
Features:
Haptic Vibration Feedback System
Adjustable Screen colors (White to Blue)
Newest Firmware
RSSI alarms (warns you of reception problems before it becomes an accident)
16 channels (more when combined with external module)
64 mixers, 9 flight modes
16 custom curves with 3-17 points each, 32 logic switches
Self-test of the transmitter antenna
60 Model memory (expandable via a SD card)
Audio Speech outputs
USB and SD card slot for unlimited memory, and firmware upgrades, sound editing.
Long range system capable of up to 3 times the range of current systems
Quad bearing gimbals that are silky smooth
State-of-the-art open source software (open TX)
Super low latency for ultra-quick response (9ms)
Large back-lit display
Real-time data logging
Receiver lock (program locked to aircraft)
JR Style module bay for additional RF modules
Processor: STM32 ARM Cortex M3 60MHz
Specifications:
Model name: Taranis X9D Plus
Number of Channels: up to 16
Operating Voltage Range: 6-15v (2s, 3s Lipos are acceptable)
Operating Current: 260mA maximum (both RF module and backlit are on)
Operating Temperature: -10~60C
Backlit LCD Screen: 212*64 Monochrome
Model Memories: 60 (expandable by SD card)
Compatibility: FrSky X series, D series and V8-II series receivers
Stick mode: Mode 2 (Left hand throttle)
Includes:
The saga of Kris and Anna Benson, which last July we thought had come to an unhappy-but-not-especially-terrible resolution with the couple's divorce, appears to have indeed come to that especially terrible resolution, one involving guns and bulletproof vests and the police.
Here's TMZ, which also provided Benson's mugshot above:
Former "Baseball Wives" star Anna Benson — the estranged wife of ex-pitcher Kris Benson — was arrested this morning in Georgia ... after allegedly raiding Kris' apartment with a gun and a metal baton, all while wearing a bulletproof vest.
According to law enforcement, Kris—who filed for divorce last year—reported that Anna showed up in a rage last night after being forced by the court to vacate their marital home. Kris says Anna arrived and immediately whipped out an "expandable metal baton," threatening to hit him.
But it didn't stop there ... Kris told police Anna then pulled out a handgun and demanded money. They must have been expecting Kris to pull a gun on them too ... because they were allegedly wearing a bulletproof vest at the time of the alleged assault.
According to TMZ, Kris told Anna that he'd get them the money if they left, and then they called the cops. Anna, who is 37, has four children, three of whom they raised with Kris. This is sad. They face two felony counts of aggravated assault, among other charges.
Advertisement
[TMZ]
While you can select any text on any website using the mouse or other input methods, you cannot really do that if the text is displayed as an image.
That's a problem if you want to copy it, run a search using it, translate it, or use it as a quote in an article that you are writing.
I have always helped myself up until now by copying the text manually which certainly is not the best option in this regard.
Project Naptha is a new Chrome extension -- other browsers will follow according to the developers -- that enables you to highlight, copy or translate text from any image displayed in the browser.
Best of all, it all happens in real-time in the browser.
The extension works automatically once you have installed it in the Chrome browser. You may notice a short delay before text on images becomes selectable, but it worked flawlessly on every image that I tried it on.
You can use the mouse to highlight text on an image as you would normally with plain text on web pages. All operations from that point on are triggered by the right-click context menu or by keyboard shortcuts. To copy the highlighted text on an image, press Ctrl-C to do so.
Use it to copy the selected text to the clipboard, to select all text, or to translate the text on the image into a different language.
Especially the translation option can be useful. To use it, select text on the image, right-click the selection afterwards, and select Translate > Language to do so. The extension supports several languages right now including English, Spanish, Russian, Chinese Simplified and Traditional, Japanese, German and French. Text is replaced by default on the image if you translate it.
The extension can be useful in many different ways:
You can translate text on images into another language.
You can copy a quote from an image.
You can copy text on photos, for instance on a book cover to search for the title on the Internet.
You can copy the text of scans to the clipboard.
It is possible to highlight labels or other information on graphs or diagrams.
Text on screenshots can now be copied or translated.
So how does it work?
Project Naptha uses the regions detected as text as a mask for a particular inpainting algorithm developed in 2004 based on the Fast Marching Method by Alexandru Telea. This mask can be used to fill in the spots where the text is taken from, creating a blank slate for which new content can be printed. With some rudimentary layout analysis and text metrics, Project Naptha can figure out the alignment parameters of the text (centered, justified, right or left aligned), the font size and font weight (bold, light or normal). With that information, it can reprint the text in a similar font, in the same place.
You can install the extension from the official Chrome Web store right away, or visit the homepage of the project first for additional information about it.
Verdict
Project Naptha is an incredible extension as it makes text accessible that would not otherwise be accessible directly in the web browser. While you can run local OCR on the image to identify the text, it is nowhere near as comfortable as the option that the extension makes available.
Lets hope that it will be ported to Firefox soon as well.
Summary Author Rating 2.5 based on 2 votes Software Name Project Naptha Landing Page http://projectnaptha.com/
Advertisement
The process of aging and circadian rhythms are intimately intertwined, but how peripheral clocks involved in metabolic homeostasis contribute to aging remains unknown. Importantly, caloric restriction (CR) extends lifespan in several organisms and rewires circadian metabolism. Using young versus old mice, fed ad libitum or under CR, we reveal reprogramming of the circadian transcriptome in the liver. These age-dependent changes occur in a highly tissue-specific manner, as demonstrated by comparing circadian gene expression in the liver versus epidermal and skeletal muscle stem cells. Moreover, de novo oscillating genes under CR show an enrichment in SIRT1 targets in the liver. This is accompanied by distinct circadian hepatic signatures in NAD+-related metabolites and cyclic global protein acetylation. Strikingly, this oscillation in acetylation is absent in old mice while CR robustly rescues global protein acetylation. Our findings indicate that the clock operates at the crossroad between protein acetylation, liver metabolism, and aging.
When Brooke Cotchin spoke out in defence of their husband, Richmond captain Trent Cotchin, on social media, there was a mixed response.
No doubt, Richmond has been called ‘soft' more often than any other club. Right now, they're under scrutiny – yet again, but an entire football team's performance, or lack thereof, isn't totally defined by their captaincy.
It's a team sport, but some players are unfairly targeted when the chips are down. Cotchin is a classic example.
Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Reddit Email Share
When does intense media scrutiny of an individual player become a form of targeted bullying?
Three-time Brisbane Lion premiership player Jonathan Brown commented that the WAGs should “stay out of it.” They said, “obviously Richmond are going through a tough time…we just want to be big boys, we want to be men and it's a man's game.”
Okay, so there we have it. In a nutshell, according to Brown, WAGs shouldn't utter a word about football or their men, who happen to play this ‘man's game.'
Maybe a media gag should be put in place, for fear of the little women speaking out of turn. You know what? Maybe we should realise we're in 2016 and this type of close-minded, chauvinistic, ‘blokey' response, is not OK.
Historically, football may well be a man's game, but as the saying goes, “behind every great man, there's a great woman.” Football doesn't begin and end on a field. Players have lives, wives and a family.
Many WAGs have their own careers. They're not just a pretty face or an accessory on Brownlow night. These women are partners of professional athletes. They raise their children.
Advertisement
Advertisement
There's a generation of little boys, sons of today's champions who will qualify under the father-son rule and play for the same club as their famous fathers. These women are raising those little boys.
They're in the trenches every day, good, bad or indifferent.
Just recently, Jesinta Cambell, fiancée of Lance ‘Buddy' Franklin, articulated themselves beautifully during Franklin's mental health issues. The media, and the public, wanted to know what was going on.
Franklin had suddenly withdrawn from the end of the 2015 season in order to deal with an unspecified mental illness as well as a mild form of epilepsy. The announcement was a shock to everyone. At the time, Franklin wasn't available for comment.
Campbell, was their only mouthpiece. It was a private time, but Campbell gracefully obliged in answering the questions that came, despite being emotionally spent herself.
Double standards? Absolutely! It appears that it's only OK to speak when asked. Only then is it wanted, relevant and within the boundaries of being acceptable.
Brooke Cotchin did nothing wrong. Them message was that of a loving wife supporting their husband. They wrote:
“Every week you go out and give your all. To have to listen to the constant criticism you have had to put up with especially of late has been incredibly hard. Those closest to you know just how dedicated you are to your football club and teammates on and off the field. As a wise man once told me ‘People's opinions are none of our business'. We love you and are proud of you”.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Wives and girlfriends make sacrifices too. They have every right to speak their mind. After all, they do have one!
When a wife or girlfriend publicly defends their husband or partner, is that as demasculating as it gets? Something has to be said for loyalty, right?
Cheap gas and diesel due to government fuel subsidies has become one of the favored whipping boys of late—a convenient way to blame high oil prices on the actions of some other government or faraway people (See 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 ). But how much can subsidies really be blamed for present oil demand? Would cutting a 30% gasoline subsidy reduce demand by 30%? Why not? I'll stake out and defend a somewhat extreme position: reducing, or even eliminating fuel subsidies will not cause a significant, long-term reduction in demand and may even cause demand to increase more quickly than with subsidies in place. More importantly, we must not fall prey to claims that cutting fuel subsidies is an easy solution to our energy problems.
Fuel subsidies are currently in place for nearly half the world's population. Fuel subsidies around the world have previously been covered at The Oil Drum in Fun With Subsidies and Taxes, as well as numerous articles in the media on the topic in the past few weeks (links above). Additionally, most OECD states indirectly subsidize fuel consumption in a variety of ways. I won't rehash this existing coverage, though I do need to point out that every article* I've been able to locate has argued that cutting subsidies will have a significant effect on demand, and will help to lower oil prices (*only one analyst, Benoit de Vitry of Barclay Capital, seem to agree with me). To me, this wave of media coverage of subsidies is just like the waves of media coverage past on speculators, big oil conspiracies, and the promise of oil shale: a source of false hope that a magical solution exists to our energy problems. For that reason, my intent here is to argue that the long-term effect of cutting fuel subsidies is, contrary to the reports in the media, not of much significance.
Demand Elasticity is a Marginal Matter
The first reason that cutting subsidies won't have a dramatic impact on demand is that the fuel demand elasticity of a country is the aggregate of the marginal demand elasticity of each of its consumers. For that reason, the elimination of a 30% subsidy for fuel will not result in a proportional drop in demand of 30%. For some users, price increase will completely price them out of the market, and their marginal demand will be completely eliminated. For others, either because of wealth or the value of liquid fuels to their economic activity, the elimination of the subsidy will result in no decline in consumption. The vast majority of consumers will lie somewhere in between. Therefore, right at the outset, we can say that the elimination of a 30% subsidy will not result in a 30% drop in demand. I'd love to be more precise on this point, but neither the data nor methodology currently exists to project with any confidence exactly how much demand reduction would result from the elimination of subsidies—all we can say with any certainty is that it will be smaller than the size of the subsidy eliminated.
Evaluating the Energy Intensity of the Opportunity Cost to Subsidy Expenditures
The next question—and perhaps the most important—is to evaluate the opportunity cost of a government's expenditures on fuel subsidies. If a government does't spend $X billion on fuel subsidies, what will it spend the money on? What is the energy intensity of that expenditure compared to the amount of demand reduced through cutting the subsidy?
Take India, for example. In India, the total cost of fuel subsidies could be as high as 2-3% of GDP. What happens to that spending if it doesn't subsidize fuel use? There are two theories here, both of which create at least some fuel consumption that didn't exist before. One theory is that it will be spent in a way that results in lower fuel consumption—but almost certainly not in a way that results in NO fuel consumption. The argument in favor of this position is that, because fuel subsidies distort economic calculations in favor of consuming fuel, a neutral use of the same amount of funds should result in less fuel consumption. However, there is an opposing position: because subsidies are, according to market theory, a sub-optimal allocation of resources when compared to free-market allocation, the elimination of subsidies will result in stronger economic growth (or less economic decline) than with the subsidies. This is especially true if the money saved from subsidies isn't spent at all, but rather reduces the tax burden or lowers the rate of inflation. It remains potentially true to a lesser degree even if the money is merely spent elsewhere, since neutral spending is likely to have a less distorting effect on economic activity. Therefore, according to this theory, elimination of a fuel subsidy may actually result in greater fuel demand over the long term—and that demand may be even more inelastic because it stems from a more efficient allocation of resources. This is the argument of Benoit de Vitry of Barclay's Capital. In the end, it may come down to this question: What's worse (from the admittedly very skewed perspective of demand management): 100 million Indian middle class paying 40% under market for diesel with a GDP growth rate of 5%, or 200 million Indian middle class paying market for diesel with a GDP growth rate of 7%?
Cutting Subsidies Won't Slow the “Export-Land” Effect
Finally, cutting fuel subsidies in exporting nations won't significantly slow the grinding effect of the Export Land Model, whereby rising revenues of fuel exporting countries lead to increasing domestic consumption and declining net exports. What happens if subsidies are suddenly cut, and citizens of Venezuela or Saudi Arabia have to pay the market rate for oil? The extra money they spend on oil goes to their own government, rather than to some other nation. And that money can then be spent on other projects or programs—the opportunity cost issue noted above. However, to make the cuts in subsidies viable, they are likely to be offset by progressive spending plans that disproportionately benefit the poor. This is exactly what is currently happening in Malaysia. The result may actually increase demand: the rich, who are not the beneficiaries of these offsetting handouts, are also the least likely to reduce their demand due to price rises. The poor, who may otherwise reduce their demand, are the most directly benefited by the handouts. And, because it may be possible to prevent any demand destruction by simply handing out 1/2 or 2/3 of the money previously spent on subsidies to the poorest consumers, there is likely to be money left over to be spent elsewhere (or not taxed in the first place), which brings us right back to the previous discussion on the energy intensity of that alternative spending.
To conclude, I'm certainly not advocating the maintenance or increase of existing fuel subsidies. They are an inefficient allocation of resources, resulting in less economic activity for every barrel of oil consumed. Rather, my intent here is only to dispel the notion—increasingly popular of late—that eliminating fuel subsidies is some kind of magic bullet to derail the demand train. At best, I think the elimination of fuel subsidies will result in a minor and short-term decrease in the rate of demand growth in developing nations. It will not significantly alter the energy crisis facing humanity. Either way, the elimination of subsidies may not be politically practicable—where they have been cut there have been riots (1 2), and there are numerous movements attempting to actually increase fuel subsidies (1 2 3 4 5).
The Anthony Milford deadlock could be headed for mediation with both the Canberra Raiders and Brisbane Broncos sticking to their guns over the classy utility back.
Milford is contracted to the Raiders for 2014 but wants to move to the Broncos on compassionate grounds to be close to their ill father.
I've heard Milford has told Broncos players there is no way they will return to Canberra. Their management has sought legal advice and an impartial mediator is likely to be called in to resolve the situation.
Milford has been playing for Samoa in the World Cup, making it difficult for the matter to be settled. But the star utility will return to Australia in coming weeks and the issue will be brought to a head then.
Read more at Sportal
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg believes Internet.org is not a threat to net neutrality
Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg has defended the aims of their Internet.org initiative after several Indian firms decided to pull out of the project.
In a blog post, Mr Zuckerberg argued that Internet.org's basic free services were not incompatible with net neutrality - the principle that all web services should be equally accessible.
"We fully support net neutrality," they wrote. "Universal connectivity and net neutrality can and must co-exist."
But critics were quick to respond.
Writing in the Hindustan Times, India's Save The Internet coalition maintained that Internet.org is "Zuckerberg's ambitious project to confuse hundreds of millions of emerging market users into thinking that Facebook and the internet are one and the same."
Distorting competition?
At the heart of the row is Internet.org's policy of "zero-rating", whereby telecoms providers agree not to pass on the costs of handling the data traffic so that consumers can receive services for free.
Critics argue this has a distorting effect on competition, making it difficult for publishers not signed up to Internet.org to reach the hundreds of millions of poorer people in developing economies who have no internet access at all.
But Facebook disagrees, pointing out that joining Internet.org is free for web publishers and app providers.
"We're open for all mobile operators and we're not stopping anyone from joining," says Mr Zuckerberg. "We want as many internet providers to join so as many people as possible can be connected."
However, India's leading mobile operator Bharti Airtel has also been applying zero-rating to its Airtel Zero service.
This means that consumers can access certain apps for free because the app provider picks up the data bill.
Smaller developers without the resources to do the same are at a commercial disadvantage.
Better than nothing?
Facebook chooses the services offered by Internet.org after consultation with "local governments and the mobile operators" in each country, says Mr Zuckerberg.
It is this hand-picking process that appears discriminatory to many within the industry.
But Mr Zuckerberg believes that "if someone can't afford to pay for connectivity, it is always better to have some access than none at all."
In India, Internet.org has rolled out its free basic services on the Reliance network in Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Kerala and Telangana.
And it has also launched in Indonesia on the Indosat network.
Boycott
This week a number of firms, including travel portal Cleartrip.com and media giant Times Group, withdrew from Internet.org, claiming that the service conflicts with the principle of net neutrality.
The issue has certainly galvanised the Indian public - more than 800,000 people have sent emails to India's telecom regulator, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India, demanding a free and fair internet.
Indian telecoms companies have been putting pressure on the government to change the way so-called "over-the-top" mobile apps, such as Skype, WhatsApp, and Instagram, are licensed.
Such apps piggyback on the operators' networks and have benefited greatly from the proliferation of smartphones and the explosion in mobile content.
Operators want a bigger slice of the pie.
John Stones was stretchered from the field in stoppage time at Old Trafford
Everton and England defender John Stones may be out for the rest of 2014 after it was confirmed that they need surgery on an ankle injury.
The 20-year-old damaged ligaments in the 2-1 defeat by Manchester United and is set to miss between 10 and 14 weeks.
Stones was forced to pull out of Roy Hodgson's squad to face San Marino and Estonia in Euro 2016 qualification.
But team-mate Ross Barkley is expected to train again next week, after two months out with a knee ligament injury.
"It's a clear injury, not a complicated injury," Everton boss Roberto Martinez said of Stones.
"It's a little bit of a setback but in John's case we were very worried because those injuries can become a little bit difficult to treat.
The games Stones may miss Premier League: 18 Oct: Aston Villa (h), 26 Oct: Burnley (a), 1 Nov: Swansea (h), 9 Nov: Sunderland (a), 22 Nov: West Ham (h), 30 Nov: Tottenham (a), 3 Dec: Hull (h), 6 Dec: Manchester City (a), 14 Dec: QPR (h), 20 Dec: Southampton (a), 26 Dec: Stoke (a), 28 Dec: Newcastle (a) Europa League: 22 Oct: Lille (a), 6 Nov: Lille (h), 27 Nov: Wolfsburg (a), 11 Dec: FK Krasnodar (h) England internationals: 9 Oct: San Marino (h), 12 Oct: Estonia (a), 15 Nov: Slovenia (a), 18 Nov: Scotland (a)
"But this one is going to be straightforward and we are already counting down the days for them to come back for the final and most important part of the season."
If they return within 10 weeks, Stones is likely to be absent for 16 Everton matches as well as four for England.
They made their international debut in the 3-0 win over Peru on 30 May and has won four caps, starting at right-back in England's 2-0 win over Switzerland in their opening Euro 2016 qualifying match last month.
Meanwhile, midfielder Barkley, 20, is hoping to be back in first-team action for Everton within a fortnight, after recovering from the knee ligament injury they picked up on the eve of the season.
"On Monday we expect Ross, with the green light from the medical department, to join the group," Martinez said.
"Now it's a matter of getting them match fitness and getting them up to speed."
I am so happy with my Reddit gift from the plushy exchange :) Ever since I was a little girl sheep have been my favorite stuffies and they really aren't easy to find so I was so happy to receive 2!!
My santa actually sent me another gift weeks ago, but the delivery guy let some random guy in my building sign for it and the guy stole it and I never got my gift :( but Ginger_Queen was such a great santa they sent me a second gift! This one had two plushies PLUS some extra gifts to cheer me up that my mail got stolen, a set of lip glosses, some scented body lotion, and a make-up bag filled with mini perfumes !
Anywayys this was such a great secret santa exchange :) thanks so so much Ginger_Queen!!
I started investing in Bitcoin in 2011. In the past 6 years, I have met so many people hailing that Bitcoin will be dethroned by an altcoin.
Today you hear eth activists say eth has reached new heights with a market cap of more than $17,85 billion, about 50% of that of bitcoin and it will soon overreach bitcoin. Tomorrow you hear litecoiners claim that as segwit is activated, litecoin will shoot for the moon and bitcoin will die in the long-dragging debate. I didn't mean to sound critical, but I personally invested a lot of altcoins and got disappointed again and again. As of today, I don't see any altcoins have the potential to surpass bitcoin.
Today, in the hustling city of Shanghai, looking at all the faces around me, I don't know how, but suddenly all the old memory popped into my head. I can't believe it has been six years and a lot of things have changed. Maybe it's time to write down some of my stories with altcoins.
Ripple
When Jed created ripple, they hoped to make banking services available to those who cannot find a bank in their neighborhood. And at the very beginning, anyone could get free ripples by posting their emails on bitcoin talk. At that time, I was deeply touched by Jed's vision and decided to popularize ripple in China. And it was me who translated Ripple and XRP into Chinese. Plus, later I wrote something like a guidebook From a Ripple Rookie to an Expert to help Chinese learn more about ripple. It can be said without exaggeration that I am one of the very first ripple pioneers in China.
But what happened later was pretty disheartening. Venture capitalists and bankers got involved and they wanted to raise money, earn revenues and go public, but Jed wanted to change the world. And thus the team failed to reach a consensus. Jed left the team and ripple became the personal property of the company ripple and Jed.
My first investment in an altcoin turned out to be a failure.
Nxt
Nxt is a success that can't be copied, an overnight success realized by ICO. Nxt was designed by an anonymous software developer BCNext. BCNext, about 35 years old, is an active user on bitcoin talk. When Nxt launched its ICO, 73 contributors invested 21 bitcoins in total and they earned at least 10,000% rate of return on investment.
Actually, I was about to invest in this project, but there was something wrong with my bitcoin wallet and I missed it.
In the first several months since the inception of Nxt, it grew into the most popular altcoin on bitcoin talk. There were 1000 posts with 20,000 replies about it. And later when the Nxt community was established, BCNext left the community saying FBI was investigating them and they disappeared just like Satoshi.
Nxt is a second generation open source cryptocurrency that uses proof-of-stake to reach consensus for transactions . It is anonymous design plus crowd fundraising plus strong technology. So I hold a large amount of Nxt. But Nxt was such a low key, it did not do things to advertise it. And later when more altcoins were born, Nxt ranked outside the top 10 cryptocurrencies, which indicated that tech is not the only criterion when investing in an altcoin.
Bitshares
Actually, I used to support Bitshares. I read its whitepaper for several times and I was impressed by the concept of DAC(Distributed Autonomous Corporation). Bitshares was a great second generation cryptocurrency, but its creator was kind of whimsical. They increased the total supply of Nxt when all users were against it. As a result, BM was forced to leave the Bitshares and the price of Bitshares dropped drastically.
Ethereum
When it comes to assess the value of cryptocurrency, I think revolutionary technology is an important standard. And Ethereum, undoubtedly, is well-positioned to take the lead.
I am very familiar about the Ethereum project. In 2013, I started a bitcoin project with my friends in Shanghai and Vitalik came to visit us a lot. We would take them to visit blockchain investors all over China. When we visited btc38 in Shenzhen, CEO Huang Tianwei invited us for dinner. They said a lot of nice things about the project and promised to add it when it is launched. Btc38 didn't launch it, not ever today. But that is another story, so I'd just stop here.
Vitalik is a genius.  They are a quick learner and they are able to speak and write Chinese fluently. I see big future in them and I believe they will change the world just like BCNext and Satoshi. But now I advise investors to short Ethereum. Why is that? It's all about the foundation. I think it is corruption that they would hard fork a chain to save a fraction of their investment. That's really, really wrong. And The Dao is just a beginning. Anyway, I advocate that a decentralized decision-making mechanism is much important than any technological innovation.
The world of cryptocurrency is filled with wrong investment concepts and bad intentions. A great part of people got misled by many so-called experts when they began to invest in cryptocurrencies. If you take the investment seriously, then spend more time learning and most importantly, have your own judgement.
Photo: Win McNamee/Getty Images
Rush Limbaugh argues that the NFL's response to President Trump's demand that it fire players who kneel during the national anthem will doom it to irrelevance. The effect Limbaugh identifies has not yet shown up in the television ratings or game attendance, and there is little sign that fans followed Trump's request to walk out of the stadium if players protested the national anthem. Instead, Limbaugh draws their conclusions from a close study of one very statistically representative professional football fan: Rush Limbaugh.
“In many ways I think that I am fairly typical,” they told their audience. “I am smack-dab in the middle of the targeted marketing the NFL does to acquire and hold an audience, right smack-dab in the middle of it.”
It is true that, as an older white male, Limbaugh represents a major portion of the NFL fan base. It is also true that NFL fans lean slightly right of center. However, there are some aspects in which Limbaugh may be atypical. Unlike the median American football fan, they are a fanatical right-wing ideologue who works in Republican politics professionally. Limbaugh has also been fired by ESPN for being racist, which a majority of NFL fans have not.
“I'm trying to use myself here as what I think is a pretty right-down-the-middle example of the way people are going to react,” says Limbaugh. “There's no way Trump loses in this. You may think so, but there's no way they do.” The people have spoken!
[email protected]
Piedras Negras.— La caravana de tres camionetas venía desde Oklahoma, Estados Unidos, y traía una carga valiosa: más de un centenar y medio de mochilas repletas de útiles escolares y artículos de higiene para niños de bajos recursos de Coahuila, donados por miembros de la iglesia Stepping On Waters (Caminando o Pisando sobre las Aguas).
Pero los ansiados regalos del programa Navidad en Julio no llegaron a su destino porque en el puente Internacional II de Piedras Negras, Coahuila, agentes de la Policía Fiscal del Sistema de Administración Tributaria (SAT) los decomisaron y destruyeron.
“[Los pisoteraron] hasta que se cansaron de reírse y burlarse”, relató Óscar Sosa, pastor de la Iglesia Evangélica Comunidad de Cristo de los municipios de Allende y Zaragoza. También les incautaron los vehículos y los multaron con casi 5 mil dólares.
“Cometieron una serie de abusos, barbaridades, atropellos; violaron sus derechos humanos y lo que quedó no se los regresaron”, aseguró.
El sábado 23 de julio, a unos cuantos kilómetros de ahí en una iglesia evangélica del municipio de Allende, una enorme fila de pequeños de 4 a 12 años de edad, algunos de ellos de orfanatos, sonreían felices mientras recibían un papelito con un número.
Faltaba como media hora para que llegaran sus regalos. “En un ratito más” iban a canjear el boleto por los materiales para su regreso a clases, les aseguraba el ministro.
Cada mochila escolar venía llena de cuadernos, libretas, lápices, plumas, colores, muchos crayones, resistol, una calculadora y todo lo que necesitarían para volver a la escuela al término de las vacaciones.
Sin embargo, los chicos se quedaron esperando horas porque la policía fiscal intervino sus obsequios.
Impiden el paso. Sosa Espinoza relató a EL UNIVERSAL que al frente de la caravana venía el pastor del ministerio, Mark Cole, de la iglesia de Bixby, en Oklahoma, y nunca habían tenido problemas en años pasados.
Hace 21 años que este grupo de samaritanos norteamericanos, la mayoría de entre 70 y 84 años, vienen en julio y diciembre a repartir obsequios a menores de escasos recursos.
Esta vez no pudieron cruzar la frontera y llegar a Allende, en la región de los Cinco Manantiales, porque los fiscales —unos seis o siete— les prohibieron el paso, “los trataron peor que si fueran delincuentes, porque con los hampones ni se meten”, afirmó el ministro religioso.
Este grupo de evangélicos venden comidas, artículos diversos en bazares y realizan una serie de actividades para recaudar fondos y con ese dinero compran materiales escolares y juguetes para regalar en Coahuila y a otros estados del país.
Aunque los visitantes mostraron a los aduanales la lista de los artículos que venían en las mochilas y les explicaron a donde los llevaban, estos les pusieron de pretexto que “son repetitivos”, que no habían pagado impuestos de importación y les impidieron entrar a México, relató.
Les dijeron que no les iban a regresar nada, que toda la mercancía la mandarían a la Ciudad de México y allá en el SAT la van a subastar, “que le hicieran como quisieran, y volvieron a burlarse sin consideración alguna.
“Les quitaron dos de las tres camionetas; sólo dejaron ir una vagoneta donde venían 15 adultos mayores. A media docena de ellos los encerraron en un cuarto en la aduana durante 17 horas, desde el sábado hasta el domingo, y violaron sus derechos humanos”, agregó Sosa Espinoza.
Durante ese tiempo no les dieron agua ni de comer y les impusieron una multa de 81 mil 500 mil pesos, casi 5 mil dólares, para liberarles las camionetas. El martes en la tarde recuperaron las unidades, pero no los artículos escolares. Regresaron a Oklahoma ese mismo día.
A doctor performs physical therapy on an infant born with microcephaly on June 2, 2016 in Recife, Brazil. Mario Tama/Getty Images
There's good news and bad news on the Zika front this week. Good news first: After months of stalling since the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention begged Congress for funding to halt a looming outbreak, Republicans have finally made a move to get money into the hands of public health professionals. In the wee hours of Thursday morning, House Republicans passed a bill almost straight down party lines allocating $1.1 billion to fighting the mosquito-borne Zika virus, which is rapidly spreading throughout Latin and Central America.*
Where to begin with the bad news? The funding bill is still $800 million short of the number the White House deemed necessary to mount an adequate defense against a Zika epidemic. The $1.1 billion the House did approve redirects $107 million from the budget used to fight Ebola, even though the deadly virus is still a threat to the U.S. And in a move that will thoroughly undercut the bill's efficacy, Republicans devoted no resources to the distribution of contraceptives and condoms and stipulated that none of the Zika-prevention funding should go to Planned Parenthood or other family planning groups. Instead, the funding will go toward diagnostic efforts, mosquito control, and vaccine development.
Since Zika can be transmitted through sexual contact, condoms are an important tool in stopping the spread of the virus once mosquitos or travelers bring it to U.S. shores. Condoms and other forms of birth control are critical to the fight against Zika—the virus isn't a grave threat to adults (it causes symptoms in only one out of every five people who contract it), but it causes miscarriages and birth defects, including microcephaly, in developing fetuses.
Brazil has seen a frightening spike in microcephaly rates as Zika has spread throughout the country. The prospect of a generation of children with underdeveloped brains has frightened the region so deeply, even countries that flat-out ban abortion are telling women not to have children for the next few years. Without a push for more birth control access and the cooperation of Planned Parenthood, which provides condoms and contraception to some of the country's most underserved regions and populations, the U.S. risks subjecting its future children to the same fate.
“This puts women's lives—and the lives of children they may wish to have—in danger,” said Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, in a statement. “House Republicans' constant claim that they're out to ‘protect the unborn' falls flat when this bill undercuts the very protections women need to bear healthy children.”
The CDC has made contraception one of the pillars of its Zika response plan, since preventing unintended pregnancies will also prevent Zika-related birth defects. In one sense, the exclusion of contraception from the Republican plan to mitigate the effects of Zika on the U.S. demonstrates a willingness to put abstract politics ahead of life-saving facts. In another, it's indicative of a troubling worldview that prioritizes birth-at-all-costs over planned, desired, healthy pregnancies. Earlier this year, Republicans in Congress said they'd basically leave Zika-infected women in the hands of God, recommending that families embrace Zika-related birth defects rather than consider abortion because children with microcephaly “go on to lead very normal lives.”
“Once again, Republicans have put political games ahead of the health and safety of the American people, particularly pregnant women and their babies,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement. The limited funding in the just-passed bill is economically shortsighted, too, since a single baby with microcephaly will cost taxpayers an estimated $10 million over their or their lifetime.
Zika will not affect all U.S. residents, or even all pregnant women, equally. Florida and Texas, where Zika will likely land first and have the most widespread impact, are two of the states least able to fend off the damage the virus could cause. That's because the GOP leadership in those states has spent years weakening the infrastructure of reproductive health care that is necessary to stave off a crisis of birth defects. As in Latin America, the effect of Zika on the U.S. will vary across socioeconomic lines. Poor women will bear the highest risks of unplanned pregnancies and lifetimes of caring for children with debilitating birth defects—in addition to having reduced access to air conditioning, window screens, repellent, and other defenses against mosquitoes, they face social and economic barriers to birth control and reliable information about why and how to use it. When right-wing activists politicize a public health crisis and shut out Planned Parenthood, one of the best resources for pregnancy prevention, it's poor women and their children who suffer most.
Correction, June 24, 2016: This post originally misstated that the bill allocates $1.1 million to fighting the Zika virus.
First off I'll just say that for me to write this post I have to be brutally honest about a side of the job that most non-police don't even know that much about, the police-adjacent characters that play a pretty significant role in the career of the average police officer. NO not firefighter and EMS. I'm talking about the other people that if you work the street you get to know by name because you see them that often. They are the medical examiners, the tow truck drivers, and yes at times the Security Types. Security types come in basically two flavors; bouncer types and security guard types.
Security Guard Types:
If you've gone to the calls and done the job you know dudes like this. You usually meet them pretty early on in your career and you get used to them, they can be clingy at times. As you gain experience you learn what they do well and what they don't. Most of the time the whole precinct knows who they are. They will work security at an apartment complex or a gated community. In my case I worked a pretty rough side of Atlanta so there were no gated communities there, only apartments, and trust me the apartments that had gates were the roughest of all. These security guard types usually know all the neighborhood "stuff". They know (or purport to know) who sells the drugs and who is breaking in houses. They definitely know about the noise complaints and the unruly kids. The teens smoking weed. Most of the time they wan't you to run some dope-boy off or break up the couple having sex in the parking lot. Or maybe they are in over their head with a thug that they have talked a little to sassy too and they have been told they are going to get beat up or worse. Sometimes they do get beat up and worse. There is a place for people like this. They should be respected for what they do. But they should always respect what role they play and even more than that the limits of their authority.
In my experience this person gets in over their head a lot. There seems to be this struggle between what they perceive as their authority and what they know is their responsibility. As a cop they can make your life easier if they just keep the little stuff tamped down, (i.e. kids running at the pool, loud music complaints). But When you drive up and the security guard hands you a 27 ounce bag of weed that they just "confiscated" from someone in a car that is now unoccupied, the occupant of which has since run into a now locked apartment that Mr security just happens to have the key to, and they are begging you to enter (with no warrant), so that they can "help you apprehend the perp", well I think you get the picture. Every single day police officers have to make decisions like this. All are trained, some better than others. Security officer's choose to make these decisions without the training.
The Bouncer Types:
I can't lie, I've worked off duty at night clubs and been thankful for the security there. I have been in bar fights so massively bad that they looked like a scene from brave heart. When you are alone and the music is loud and everybody is yelling and screaming and running It's hard to get backup so the only thing that has saved my ass a few times was the folks in security until the cavalry got there. Some of these folks are top notch, some are ex-pro athletes and martial artists. Some are even models and actors so you get a healthy mix. Many a night standing in the cold waiting on my shift to end I've talked to these guys about their dreams and some I've thought would be some really excellent police officers and I've told them so. I've encouraged them in the process, called friends in the department that were recruiters, even given personal references for them. So I definitely appreciate and respect what they do. At times I've worked with security that were more professional than some of the sworn officers that I worked the streets with. But then of course you've got the real knuckle-dragger's that just love to beat people up and then bring them to you looking like a grapefruit expecting you to look the other way. They are just clowns through and through and most likely sociopaths. Some of them may be doing drugs on the job but if they are real turds they may be the ones selling the drugs in the same club they work in. It's a dirty business. But they probably only make up a small part of the population.
In both groups, a lot of these guys probably work security because they have a desire at some level to be a police officer. I always took that as a compliment not with disdain. Law enforcement is an honorable profession and people do good work. But like any other job you have to have good people to do the good work. I've always believed that it is the combination of intelligence, integrity and courage that makes an average police officer a good officer, but I believe it is empathy that comes with experience that makes a good officer great. It is the same dynamic for security officers. The vast majority of these people are hardworking folks that are very good at what they do. They are a true asset to law enforcement as long as they stay in their lane and do what they are supposed to do. I'm no longer a police officer I'm actually a counselor now. We have this term in the mental health field that we use that's called "scope of practice". If you are a mental health counselor, practicing outside of your scope will get your ass in trouble and your license revoked. Practicing outside your scope of practice in law enforcement will get your certification revoked and your ass prosecuted and put in prison. But what happens if you are a security guard and you "work outside of your scope of practice"? Well it looks like you can shoot somebody and walk free.
George Zimmerman:
George fits into a special category that we will just term the perpetual wanna-be. They love guns, they love MMA, they watch cops. They fancy themselves a criminal investigator in the making. They patrol in their personal vehicle, keeps a police scanner and thinks that they have a direct line into dispatch. The dispatchers on night shift probably do know them by name only because they show up on caller ID so much. On the night in question they probably see Trayvon and for some tragic reason made their mind up that this sneaky perp wasn't going to get away from them this time. Their GUN makes them do things that they shouldn't do because they are basically a coward. They follow, attacks, then is bested in a ground fight by a 17 year old boy that they outweighed by several pounds that they then decides to shoot at point blank range. Even the fight scene that played out in Zimmermans mind was written like an urban contemporary movie with Trayvon's last words saying "you got me". (really?) As a police officer you are trained to use the necessary force to subdue the threat but if there is no longer a deadly threat, deadly force is no longer necessary or approved. Translation = Had this been a real police officer, their ass would be in deep shit. The local police knew they were a cheese ball. That's why they never hired him. They probably knew them by name.
I think what we have in George Zimmerman is a person who very likely has tried to be a police officer many, many, many times but couldn't for some very good reasons. They have probably tried to apply to police departments and could not pass the entry requirements. Now from the surface you would say this is because of their size. You may surmise that they probably couldn't meet the weight or fitness standard. But I disagree. I would wager that Mr. Zimmerman has probably never gotten past the psyche evaluation. I'm sure laws prohibit the release of applicant information but I would bet that they have applied to at least 2 or more sheriff or police departments in the area and has been declined. You see even in a big city it's a relatively small community. Once you begin applying and fail a polygraph or fail a psych, that follows you. Chances are he's failed a few and has likely been blacklisted. Judging from their demeanor and some of the witness statements they may have some delusions as well. As many voter purges as FL has done it is amazing that this man was able to purchase a weapon after an altercation with police and a DV but I assume that is what having a father in law enforcement will get you. Just from the 30,000 foot view Zimmerman probably never should have been able to purchase a gun. Zimmerman never should have held the job that they did. And Zimmerman never should have been able to get away with murder but they did.
That is what is so infuriating and confusing about this case. Good police officers that I know personally very well, that I have policed with, bled with, have taken sides on this case that are completely contrary to everything they have ever demonstrated in their entire professional lives. People that would be pulling their eye teeth out with pliers if they had to deal with a guy like Zimmerman on their beat are cheering their acquittal. People that supervise officers. If this scenario had played out with one of their subordinates shooting an unarmed teen after pursuing them under these circumstances they would have recommended termination at the least and gone all in on an Internal Affairs Investigation are saying the prosecution never had a case. I am sure that my old department would not have hesitated a moment to prosecute any off duty police officer if they had done the same thing that George Zimmerman did. But for some reason this case triggered some sort of collective fugue state that has clouded all bodies mind. At some point this became a basketball game for them, our team versus their team. Now we've got defense lawyers doing victory laps, cops cheering prosecutors losing a case and 60% of the country feeling like a guilty man is going free.
I'd like to read a hex PersistentID string from ItunesMusicLibrary.xml, get two ints representing the high and low 32 bits, then use those two ints in an iTunes script.
Unfortunately, the Persistent ID string in ItunesMusicLibrary.xml does not seem to be the same Persistent ID that's in itunes, as accessible through various scripting interfaces
itunes music library.xml includes a 64-bit key, Persistent ID. For example,
<key>Persistent ID</key><string>0F1610959DA92DAB</string>.
You can also get the PersistentID through a script using the windows COM interface. For example,
iTunes.ITObjectPersistentIDHigh(track) -> 253104277 iTunes.ITObjectPersistentIDLow(track) -> -1649857109
If I feed those two numbers back into iTunes, I get the correct track
iTunes.LibraryPlaylist.Tracks.ItemByPersistentID(253104277,-1649857109).Name
My problem is translating the hex string from the xml library to high and low integers
For example, in python
int('0F1610959DA92DAB'[:8], 16) -> 253104277 int('0F1610959DA92DAB'[8:], 16) -> 2645110187
The first is correct, the second is not. If I feed the two values back into iTunes, it doesn't work. Using other tracks, sometimes both numbers are wrong.
Any idea what's going on and how to fix it?
GM Ian Nepomniachtchi edged out GM Daniil Dubov on tiebreak and won the Aeroflot Open in Moscow on Saturday.
Nepomniachtchi, who qualified for the Sparkassen Chess Meeting in Dortmund later this year, also won the blitz tournament on Sunday.
Photo Boris Dolmatovsky.
With five black games against four for Dubov, Nepomniachtchi edged out their young rival on tiebreak to clinch their second Aeroflot title. It was the first Russian winner since 2008, when 7.0/9 was good for a clear first place for... Nepomniachtchi.
Dubov and Nepomniachtchi were topping the field after six rounds with five points. They drew their mutual game in the seventh round (in just 13 moves) which allowed GM Ivan Bukavshin to catch them in first place. They beat GM Baskaran Adhiban:
GM Ivan Bukavshin. Photo Eldar Mukhametov
Meanwhile GM Lu Shanglei was having a very solid tournament. They beat Matlakov, drew with Zvjaginsev, beat Khismatullin, drew with Khairullin, Adhiban and Petrosian and then beat Kobalia in round seven. Look at this powerful series of moves at the end:
GM Lu Shanglei.
GM Richard Rapport played a fascinating game with GM Alexander Khalifman, who knows their pawn endings like any Moscow taxi driver (not sure if this metaphor still holds up but OK) and therefore easily drew the game.
Dubov seemed to be following a tournament strategy that fits older and more seasoned grandmasters. (Shouldn't young GMs alway fight till the bitter end?) They played another quick draw in round 8: just 16 moves with Bukavshin.
Nepomniachtchi grabbed their chance, and the sole lead, beating Sasikiran in a 6.h3 Najdorf. Behind the frontline, the white king decided that the queenside was a safer place, and walked all the way over there:
GM Ian Nepomniachtchi. | Photo Boris Dolmatovsky
Lu played a very powerful game against IM Van Foreest:
Salem Saleh's attacking victory over Tigran Petrosian should be included here as well:
GM Salem Saleh.
Nepomniachtchi drew their last-round game without problems against Bukavshin. Board 2 saw a true slugfest with both players going all in, trying to get one of the top prizes:
And so Dubov and Nepomniachtchi both finished on 7.0/9. Bukavshin completed the all-Russian podium with a third place, scoring 6.5 points.
The tiebreak rules were as follows:
The number of games played with Black pieces. Byes and forfeited games will be considered as games played with White. The average of the opponents ratings minus the highest and the lowest rating.
Dubov had played 4 games as Black, and Nepomniachtchi 5, so the latter was declared tournament winner.
Not everyone agreed with this tiebreak system. Top GM Pavel Eljanov tweeted:
1) Congrats @lachesisq and Dubov with a great result in Aeroflot-open! But I always thought that tie-break system is a bit unfair there. — Pavel Eljanov ( @Eljanov ) April 4, 2015
2) In this particular trnmt it was confirmed imho. Nepo had 1 more game with black but Dubov opposition was much stronger + 45 ELO average — Pavel Eljanov ( @Eljanov ) April 4, 2015
Their Aeroflot win gives Nepomniachtchi the right to play in the Sparkassen Chess Meeting in Dortmund, to be held June 27 to July 5.
The prizes (18,000 first and 10,000 second) were divided by the Hort System. As a result, Nepomniachtchi won 16,000 Euro and Dubov 12,000 Euro.
Top seed GM Shakhriyar Mamedyarov won't be too happy with their decision to play two open tournaments shortly after each other. The Azerbaijani grandmaster lost 16.3 Elo points and even dropped out of the world top 20 in the live ratings. Hard to believe.
Another erratic player is GM Ernesto Inarkiev, who won the Moscow Open in February but dropped 24.4 points at the Aeroflot Open!
IM Jorden van Foreest, the 2013 U14 European Champion from the Netherlands, finished on a 2645 performance rating. That means they must have scored a GM norm over 8 rounds (one of their opponents didn't show up, but they have fulfilled all other requirements).
Below you can see the final standings limited to the top 32, i.e. all players who finished on plus one or more.
2015 Aeroflot Open | A group | Final Standings (Top 32)
Rk. SNo Title Name FED Rtg Pts. TB1 TB2 1 2 GM Nepomniachtchi Ian RUS 2714 7 5 2615 2 22 GM Dubov Daniil RUS 2627 7 4 2660 3 26 GM Bukavshin Ivan RUS 2618 6,5 4 2647 4 43 GM Lu Shanglei CHN 2570 6 5 2645 5 41 GM Jumabayev Rinat KAZ 2572 6 5 2597 6 28 GM Anton Guijarro David ESP 2614 6 5 2592 7 21 GM Khairullin Ildar RUS 2630 6 4 2639 8 17 GM Khismatullin Denis RUS 2650 6 4 2588 9 32 GM Salem A.R. Saleh UAE 2603 6 4 2573 10 6 GM Korobov Anton UKR 2694 5,5 5 2621 11 15 GM Zvjaginsev Vadim RUS 2658 5,5 5 2595 12 40 GM Grigoriants Sergey RUS 2573 5,5 4 2666 13 18 GM Adhiban B. IND 2646 5,5 4 2617 14 60 GM Idani Pouya IRI 2496 5,5 4 2611 15 9 GM Fedoseev Vladimir RUS 2674 5,5 4 2588 16 25 GM Sethuraman S.P. IND 2623 5,5 4 2586 17 7 GM Matlakov Maxim RUS 2693 5,5 4 2540 18 51 GM Gabuzyan Hovhannes ARM 2553 5 5 2610 19 14 GM Mamedov Rauf AZE 2658 5 5 2603 20 4 GM Vallejo Pons Francisco ESP 2708 5 5 2599 21 62 IM Sanal Vahap TUR 2487 5 5 2590 22 10 GM Grachev Boris RUS 2673 5 5 2587 23 16 GM Motylev Alexander RUS 2653 5 5 2577 24 12 GM Sjugirov Sanan RUS 2669 5 5 2573 25 48 GM Oparin Grigoriy RUS 2562 5 5 2565 26 29 GM Khalifman Alexander RUS 2613 5 4 2681 27 61 IM Van Foreest Jorden NED 2493 5 4 2635 28 31 GM Potkin Vladimir RUS 2605 5 4 2628 29 8 GM Sasikiran Krishnan IND 2682 5 4 2606 30 24 GM Vidit Santosh Gujrathi IND 2625 5 4 2589 31 1 GM Mamedyarov Shakhriyar AZE 2756 5 4 2584 32 33 GM Goganov Aleksey RUS 2598 5 4 2521
(Full standings here.)
On Sunday a strong blitz tournament was held, as part of the festival. Guess who won? GM Ian Nepomniachtchi! Adding another 5,000 Euros, they got a big fat pay cheque of 21,000 Euros — that's a pretty happy Easter for him!
GMs Lu Shanglei, Alexander Grischuk and Maxim Matlakov tied for second place, 1.5 points below the winner. Other notable participants were GM Sergey Karjakin, GM Ruslan Ponomariov, GM Evgeny Tomashevsky and GM Ivan Sokolov.
Nepomniachtchi: € 21,000 richer thanks to Aeroflot.
Double impact ;-) — Yan Nepomniachtchi ( @lachesisq ) April 5, 2015
The Aeroflot Open was a nine-round Swiss which took place March 27-April 5 in Hotel Cosmos in northeast Moscow. There were rating groups A, B and C and the total prize fund was 140,000 Euro, including the blitz tournament on Sunday.
CL-GTK2 — a Common Lisp binding for Gtk+
CL-GTK2 is a Common Lisp GUI library that provides access to the Gtk+ cross-platform GUI library in idiomatic Lisp style.
CL-GTK2 should portably work in most modern Lisps that support CFFI and MOP (see Compatibility).
Messages regarding development, feature requests, bug reports should be posted to cl-gtk2-devel mailing list.
clgtk2 blog contains news on development of CL-GTK2.
Features:
Provides Gtk+ API in a Lispy way
Binds large part of Gtk+ API
Objects and classes are mapped into CLOS objects and classes
Gtk+ objects are garbage collected
Error in objects' signal handlers are restartable
Provides some higher-level abstractions over Gtk+ facilities: Calling code in GUI thread ( call-within-main-loop , call-within-main-loop-and-wait ) Displaying progress-bar for long-running code ( with-progress-bar ) Displaying errors ( with-gtk-message-error-handler )
CL-GTK2 is not yet complete. To do:
Better implementation of type mapping Done
Change weak references to toggle references Done
Better support for subclassing objects and defining GObject classes implemented in lisp
Complete API binding
Support for wide range of Lisp compilers and interpreters
Support for Gtk+ on Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X
Write documentation and tutorial
High-level API for user interface building
An introductory screencast
Changes:
President Trump has offered retired Vice Adm. Robert Harward the chance to replace retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn as national security adviser, according to multiple reports.
Harward, former deputy commander of U.S. Central Command and a Navy SEAL, was still deciding whether to accept the offer, Foreign Policy reported. The White House has not yet commented.
Flynn left the post as Trump's top security adviser on Monday after discussing sanctions with the Russian ambassador and then admitting not telling Vice President Mike Pence about it. According to the White House, the trust between Trump and Flynn eroded due to conflicting stories over what they may or may not have told the Russian ambassador to the U.S. regarding President Obama's sanctions.
Harward now works as an executive for Lockheed Martin. He's responsible for the company's business in the United Arab Emirates, according to Reuters.
He's a Rhode Island native who attended high school in Tehran and spent time on the National Security Council under President George W. Bush. He's served in both Iraq and Afghanistan.
As soon as Flynn resigned, Harward's name was mentioned as being at the top of a short list to get the job. That list also includes retired Gen. David Petraeus and retired Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who assumed Flynn's role after they resigned.
Lauren Sandler One
The majority of parents say they have a second child for the sake of their first, or at least that's what they've told pollsters for years. But it's hard to imagine anything that can be reduced to a survey question, much less an issue that layers family, happiness, responsibility and legacy. Still, we recognise truth in this response: first children tend to be a choice parents make to fulfil their own lives and second children a choice they make to fulfil the life of their existing child.
That's because only children, like myself and my daughter, are seen as lonely, selfish and maladjusted. That's what the stereotype tells us, but not the data. In fact, hundreds of studies conducted over decades reveal we're not measurably different from anyone else. Those studies, and my own interviews with onlies all over the world, suggest it looks like this. On loneliness: as kids, we're usually fine. As adults, we often face the logistical and existential nightmare of our parents' ageing and death on our own. But the good news is we develop the strongest primary relationships with ourselves. On selfishness: we're sufficiently socialised to play well with others. On maladjustment: we're fine. Overall, we're pretty fantastic.
The area the stereotype largely ignores is achievement. We tend to succeed at significantly higher rates, whether at school or in professional endeavours. Solitary pursuits like reading train focus and curiosity; and the verbally rich environment of life among adults boosts learning. Parents can devote more time, energy and money to nurturing. It's a simple concept called “resource dilution”: the more kids you have, the more those resources are diluted.
This factor extends beyond what children gain from their parents, to what parents can offer themselves. When our personal resources are stretched thin, we lose our own pleasure and freedom, as well as the space to ruminate on what confronts our world, much less to participate in meaningful change. “Who's got the time?” we commiserate with each other. This is the behaviour we teach our children. We model what it means to have nothing left to give.
To have a happy kid, I figure I need to be a happy mother, and to be a happy mother, I need to be a happy person. I need to make choices within the limits of reality—which means considering work, finances, pleasure. At the moment, I can't imagine how I could possibly do that with another kid, and I can't think why I would when I'm so happy with what we have now, in our snug unit of three.
Ma Jian Four
If you ask me how many children should you have, I would be unable to answer because no one has the right to prescribe the number of children other people have. The decision of whether to have children, and if so how many, is the most important anyone can make. No outsider should intrude on this private matter.
In China, the Communist state's continual efforts to control family size over the past 60 years have had disastrous consequences. When Mao came to power in 1949, they recklessly encouraged Chinese women to produce as many children as possible, to boost the workforce and the ranks of the Red Army. By 1976, China's population had almost doubled. Panic-stricken, the new leader, Deng Xiaoping, introduced the draconian one-child policy, which in turn has scarred the nation more profoundly. Two generations have grown up without siblings, and millions of women have suffered the indignity and trauma of gynaecological monitoring, forced abortions and sterilisations. Only now, when the workforce is shrinking because of the policy, which threatens to hamper economic growth, has the government considered phasing it out.
If you ask me how many children should I have, I would say four, because this is the number that now scampers around my house, and to contemplate having fewer or more of them would be as painful as the thought of having fewer or more limbs. We never planned to have so many. We had a son, a daughter, then four years later there was a surprise third pregnancy, which to our astonishment produced twins. Chinese friends, who once envied us our two offspring, now look at us with pity. Of course, the physical strain of bringing up four is enormous, but the joy each one brings is immeasurable. Although our home sometimes feels like a zoo, and we resemble a travelling circus whenever we venture abroad, there is a great comfort in being part of a six-member clan, especially now that I am no longer allowed back into China. When my wife Flora and I sit at opposite ends of the kitchen table in the evening, with two children on one side, and two on the other, and watch them tuck into their noodle soup or fried rice, I feel a sense of symmetry and completion.
With thanks to Flora Drew for the translation
Jonathon Porritt Two
First, no woman should feel under any pressure whatsoever to have any children at all. From a broad societal point of view, the more women who feel that children just aren't for them, the better it is in terms of bringing down average fertility. And that is an absolute priority for the world today.
The majority of women, of course, will want to be mothers. And the majority of men will want to be fathers. Children are a joy, and for me personally our two daughters have massively enriched our lives. But having more than two children doesn't necessarily increase that joy, and the more families in rich countries who choose to stick at two, the better.
It's all about fair shares and personal responsibility. Rich-world countries continue to consume totally disproportionate shares of the world's energy, resources, food, forests and even water—in terms of the water embedded in all the food we import from poorer countries. Ensuring a more sustainable world for the whole of humankind necessarily entails significant economic growth, over many years, in developing and emerging countries—and given today's already chronic shortages, let alone accelerating climate change, that means we in the rich world have to cut back on our own levels of consumption.
Thinking about this from the perspective of climate change provides the most compelling reason for sticking at two. A study by Oregon State University in 2009 compared the impact of an individual adopting six well-known ecological lifestyle changes to cut their carbon budget with the single decision to have one less child. By adopting the easily available, environmentally friendly actions of driving a more fuel-efficient car, halving annual car mileage, fitting double glazing and low-energy lightbulbs, replacing an inefficient fridge and recycling all their paper, tin and glass, an individual could reduce their carbon footprint by 486 tonnes over a lifetime. By having one less child, a woman from a rich country would save 9,441 tonnes of carbon dioxide over the rest of their life: nearly 20 times the amount saved from all those positive eco-actions combined.
I know how offensive some people find this argument. Every time I voice it, the hate mail ramps up. It's a very personal issue—but that shouldn't force it forever beyond the pale of rational debate.
Kevin Maxwell Seven
Four of my father's eight siblings were murdered in the Holocaust, which fuelled their desire to create a large family. I'm one of nine siblings, and I have seven children. I'm wholeheartedly in favour of the largest family you can manage.
My commitment to large families is not a global proposition. It reflects my good luck in living in Britain and coming from an affluent background. But it has never wavered. One of my children was conceived in the run-up to my trial for fraud—though I was acquitted, at the time I faced a possible lengthy prison sentence. Another was born during the trial itself. To some this would seem the height of irresponsibility; to my wife and me, it was an affirmation of life.
When you raise a large family in a loving environment, you create a clan that is self-supporting through successes, failures, celebrations and bereavements. The knowledge that life isn't fair is learnt in the cradle—maybe someone has to have surgery, another has an exam crisis or a break-up. My own kids now range from 12 to 29, and their support for each other undoubtedly helped them cope better when my wife and I eventually divorced. Now the eldest five are over 18 and free to live where they like, all have chosen to live within 1.5 miles of each other, which I think is testament to the bond between them.
Contemporaries cite school fees as the greatest disincentive to having more children. But Britain has great state schools, which would benefit if even more middle-class kids went to them—and the children would turn out better-equipped to deal with the real world.
There are those who say that having lots of children is ecologically irresponsible. That argument ignores the benefit of having productive, tax-paying, environmentally aware and eco-friendly children, all able to contribute positively to society.
We will all need more children to help bear the economic weight of an ageing population. This problem doesn't have to be solved by increasing the retirement age and immigration: try procreation!
David Benatar None
Millions of years of evolutionary history have programmed you to reject the notion that procreation is wrong. Bear this in mind if you rush to reject my argument, and to defend a deeply harmful practice.
Morally responsible parents wish to spare their children pain. There are ways they can minimise the chances of their children suffering certain types of harm, but the only way to prevent harm altogether is to desist from bringing children into existence. Any child will, inevitably, suffer considerable harm.
Privileged procreators in developed countries are inclined to respond that their children are likely to be spared the chronic deprivation, insecurity and violence that blight the lives of so many. This response ignores the discomfort, distress, frustration and unhappiness that characterise even the most charmed lives. It also ignores the appalling fates that can befall anybody. These include assault, devastating injury, degenerative disease and depression.
Nor can these fates be dismissed as improbable. For example, 40% of men and 37% of women in Britain develop cancer at some point. Add to these odds the cumulative risks of other terrible conditions and we find that the chance of escaping calamity approaches zero. It reaches zero if we include death. In creating a child you are ultimately responsible for its death, and for the ensuing ripples of bereavement.
A common retort is to acknowledge all this harm but to claim that the good can nonetheless outweigh the bad. One problem with this glib response is that procreators have no idea whether this will be true for their children. Moreover, consider, in all their gruesome details, the horrors of rape, cancer or chronic pain, for example. Then, with a straight face, tell us how much good your child would have to experience to outweigh those horrors. In this exercise, the procreator very quickly appears callous and indecent.
Parents may benefit from procreation, but only at serious cost to those brought into existence. It's hard to see how imposing these costs can be justified, especially since nobody is harmed by not being born.
Emma Duncan Three
I didn't mean to have three children. The second of my two pregnancies produced twins, which I wouldn't particularly recommend. But the result was that I ended up with what I believe—and economic theory suggests—is the ideal number.
There are economies of scale to having children, especially for more affluent parents. A full-time nanny employed to look after one child can just as well look after three. One child needs shoes in every conceivable size and outfits for all weathers and every occasion. These can be handed down through the trio (though some allowance may have to be made for differences in gender). Expenses such as food vary according to size of family, but overall the average cost of raising each of three children is considerably lower than the cost of one.
In a family, as in all investments, it is important to create a diversified portfolio. The more children you have, the greater the chance that one of them will be successful enough to keep you in your old age. And children can go off the rails. If you have one, you risk seeing 100% of your investment wasted; if two, 50%. A third is a more acceptable proportion to write off.
There are advantages for the offspring, too. As the number of children rises, the number of sibling relationships rises exponentially. One child has none; two children have one; three children have three. So if two of them are on bad terms, there may still be two decent sibling relationships in the house, and each of the squabblers will still have a friend.
Why not have more, then? After all, four children have six relationships between them, which must be even better. The reason for stopping at three is that, beyond this magic number, the marginal costs of child-rearing start rising again. The shoes are worn out, and so is the nanny. When the noise level reaches a certain decibel threshold, the cost-benefit ratio turns decidedly negative—as do parental feelings towards the whole breeding business.
A second member of the "Cuban Five" spy ring was released Thursday from a U.S. prison after spending more than 15 years behind bars.
Fifty-year-old Fernando Gonzalez -- known to U.S. authorities by their alias, Ruben Campa -- completed their sentence at 4 a.m. local time a prison in Safford, Ariz., Bureau of Prisons spokesperson Chris Burke said.
Gonzalez was turned over immediately to immigration officials. They will be deported to Cuba as soon as possible, said Michelle Alvarez, spokesperson for the Miami U.S. Attorney's Office. The timing of their departure wasn't immediately clear.
The five men, who are hailed as heroes in Cuba, were convicted in 2001 in Miami on charges including conspiracy and failure to register as foreign agents in the U.S. They were known as part of the "Wasp Network" sent by Cuba's then-President Fidel Castro to spy in South Florida.
Trial testimony showed they sought to infiltrate military bases, including the headquarters of the U.S. Southern Command and installations in the Florida Keys. They also kept tabs on Cuban exiles opposed to the communist government in Havana and sought to place operatives inside campaigns of U.S. politicians opposed to that government, prosecutors said.
Havana maintains that the agents posed no threat to U.S. sovereignty and were only monitoring militant exiles to prevent terrorist attacks in Cuba, the best known of which was a series of bombings of Havana hotels that killed an Italian tourist in 1997. Cuban leaders regularly call for the men to be released.
Cuba announced a concert Saturday night at the University of Havana in honor of the five men, though it was not immediately clear whether Gonzalez would be in Cuba by then.
The Communist Party newspaper Granma published interviews Thursday with two of Gonzalez's friends back home. Rafael Hojas said the two knew each other as young students and crossed paths on international missions in Africa.
"I hope they spend as little time as possible in an immigration jail and can enjoy as soon as possible their mother, their wife, their family, and we'll see when we might be able to meet," Hojas was quoted as saying.
The Cuban Five have sometimes been linked to the case of American Alan Gross, who has spent four years in a Cuban prison after they were arrested while working covertly to set up Internet access for the island's Jewish community. They were working as a subcontractor for the U.S. Agency for International Development, which Cuba considers bent on undermining its government.
Cuba has suggested it might swap Gross for the Cuban Five -- now down to three -- but Washington has rejected any such deal.
Gonzalez was originally sentenced to 19 years but had their prison term reduced after the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said they were wrongly labeled a supervisor of other spies for certain activities. Two others also had their prison sentences reduced by that same court order, including 55-year-old Antonio Guerrero, who is set for release in September 2017.
Rene Gonzalez, who is not related to Fernando Gonzalez, finished their prison sentence in 2011 but spent more than a year on probation in the U.S. until a judge allowed them to return to Cuba. Rene Gonzalez, a Chicago native, had dual U.S.-Cuban citizenship, and they renounced their U.S. citizenship after returning to Havana.
One of the five, Gerardo Hernandez, is serving a life prison sentence for murder conspiracy for their role in the 1996 killings of four "Brothers to the Rescue" pilots whose planes were shot down by Cuban fighter jets. The organization dropped pro-democracy leaflets over Cuba and assisted Cuban migrants trying to reach the U.S.
It's bonus season for bankers, including at banks bailed out by taxpayers. Is this just? Great thinkers like Aristotle have mulled such questions for centuries, says philosopher Mark Vernon.
Is it fair and just to pay bankers big bonuses?
You can seek an answer in three different ways, according to the three traditions of moral philosophy that dominate in our times, which are also explored in BBC Four's Justice: A Citizen's Guide to the 21st Century.
The first answer can be summed up in a word: happiness.
Find out more Harvard's Michael Sandel wrestles with ethical dilemmas such as torture and bank bonuses
They feature in BBC Four's Justice Season More on the Justice season Watch Justice: A Citizen's Guide on iPlayer
It's associated with the British philosopher Jeremy Bentham, who argued that if you want to know the right thing to do, ask yourself what will increase the happiness of most people, and decrease pain.
Is it the size of the bonuses paid to bankers that so riles the public? The utilitarian could stress that growth, wealth and GDP contribute much to the happiness of all. These depend upon a functioning banking system.
And banks, in turn, need investment bankers to turn a profit. If those bankers are best incentivised by the promise of large bonuses, then so be it. Indirectly, that makes everyone happier.
Jeremy Bentham, 1748-1832 The greatest happiness for the greatest number of people works well as a way of doing justice. After all, who doesn't want happiness? Make it the subject of your politics and you don't have to worry if people are from the left or right, secular or religious. But utilitarianism concludes that torture is right. One person suffers, but many live more happily as a result. Many are uncomfortable with this. Explore the ethics of torture
The utilitarian would also consider the amount of outrage and unhappiness that large bonuses generate in the population at large. There may come a point when the happiness generated by profitable banks outweighs the unhappiness of protests at the bonuses.
But then again, banks are so fundamental to our economy, and the economy is so fundamental to our happiness, that it seems unlikely this tipping point will be reached - as indeed the British government seems to have concluded.
The second tradition might come to a broadly similar view, but for different reasons.
Image caption The tax take isn't enough to head off protests
It too can be summed up in a word - dignity - and is associated with the German philosopher Immanuel Kant.
The starting point now is respect for the rights of investment bankers. They are protected by their contracts of employment, and those contracts state that they should be paid large bonuses when their efforts generate profits.
Further, the bankers secured their jobs in a free market, one that others are perfectly at liberty to enter too.
So, if you think bonuses are wrong because you miss out as a result - perhaps by having to pay more taxes - then one answer would be, change your career. The City awaits you too.
Immanuel Kant, 1724-1804 Individuals have rights, they argued, a universal principle based on reason. After all, if I don't always and everywhere respect your rights, why should you treat me with the respect I'd hope for. Nowhere does this matter more than when it comes to individual liberty, the exercising of free will. Only this great strength is also a weakness. We are connected. If your community is crime-ridden or poverty-stricken, no amount of individual freedom will enable you to live well. Kant's concept of 'an end in itself'
Only that doesn't seem very satisfactory. Not everyone can be a banker.
Further, banks exist to serve the community. They are supposed to hold our money and lend it out, in order to facilitate the process of wealth generation - wealth that is for the good of all. This is to say that large bonuses offend our sense of the common good.
So this leads to the third answer, which is encapsulated in a word too: virtue.
The ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle argued that justice is as much about the place you live in, and whether everyone can live in it well. It's called the common good. So, whether or not the common good is served by large bonuses is an issue to consider, according to him.
Another is to think of the virtues that bonuses instil in the bankers. Do bonuses make them better bankers?
Aristotle 384-322 BC By living well, they meant we all have the chance to achieve excellence in what we do and who we are. This requires education, emulation of heroes, participation in your community, and contributing to the common good. But we value our individual liberty. Doesn't care for others mean giving things up? We also have to debate what the good life is about, and are bound to disagree. Aristotle on slaves and non-slaves
It could well be argued that excessive incentives cloud good judgement, which the good investment bankers needs. Rather, they breed greed, a fault that arguably contributed to the banking collapse of 2008. If you follow this logic, then bonuses should be cut.
Three arguments, then.
Does paying large bonuses increase everyone's happiness, because the banks do well? Should we respect the rights of the bankers, who are owed the cash?
Or do we need to think more about the common good, and what banks are for?
Mark Vernon, the author of Philosophy For The Curious and Ethics For The Curious, will tackle more modern dilemmas throughout the week. Tomorrow, should Christian B&Bs accept gay couples?
Louis Theroux on getting close to the people (and dogs) they interview, and what Jimmy Savile told them
You have a beard today, but in your new series, LA Stories, you are clean-shaven. Do people not trust a man with facial hair?
I've heard that anecdotally. Actually my wife thinks I look better with a beard and maybe I think that too, but I've been doing these shows for more than 16 years and I feel as though there needs to be a uniformity. There were ructions round the turn of the millennium when I changed my glasses and that was bad enough.
You often spend a lot of time with the people you interview – in these three shows, dog owners, terminally ill patients and sex offenders. Do you ever consider them friends?
There is a little element of ambiguity in the sense that you get to inhabit quite an intimate space with someone – especially in the film about people who have life-threatening conditions – and it's a very personal and human story. At the same time I think it's understood that you're there to do a job. But it can be a little tricky. In that programme, three people we filmed with ended up dying in the course of filming. I went to the funeral of one of them – not for filming but to show our respects – but there was always a conversation in the office about what was the appropriate thing to do.
Have previous subjects ever felt betrayed by your films?
I remember Max Clifford was very unhappy with the film we made and said something along those lines.
Did that concern you at all?
In a basic human way, I was disappointed. I'd rather he'd said: "Oh well, it's a wonderful warts-and-all portrait of me and how I operate and I appreciate the chance to see an unvarnished version of how I am." But they didn't say that and it didn't overly worry me.
LA Stories start tonight with a show on dangerous and abandoned dogs in south Los Angeles. Were you more scared of the dogs or the owners?
Growing up I was quite nervous around dogs, but I feel more comfortable having made that programme, oddly enough. Was I afraid of the humans? If I'm honest, no I wasn't. We went in with a guy called Dog Man in a van covered with pictures of dogs and I think it was quite clear that we weren't trying to set up shop dealing drugs on someone's corner.
Doesn't one man who has their dog taken by the authorities say to you: "Take your bitch-ass back to London"?
Yes. That was slightly different. I was nervous all through that encounter because there's a big difference between dealing with someone who's involved in a criminal lifestyle and someone who's mentally ill, as that guy was. But I was safely behind the fence at that point and their dog had been taken away from him.
You've lived in LA for more than a year now. Is that a personal choice or did you go there because the access and the subjects were better than the UK?
It was a personal choice. We went over there as a family: my wife grew up abroad and was sick of the British winters and I did feel as though I'd spent a bit too long in the same house in the same part of London. When you're in your 40s you become more conscious of life being of limited duration and that you need to create memories and go on little adventures from time to time.
One of the sex offenders asks you how many pull-ups you can do and you tell them five. Do you stand by that?
I think I could do five. I could definitely do five, five years ago, maybe I couldn't now. It's a shame we don't have a pull-up bar here. [To the press officer…] Could that be arranged, Suzie?
One of your most famous interviews was with Jimmy Savile in 2000. There's a retrospectively uncomfortable moment where they say: "It's easier for me, as a single man, to say 'I don't like children' because that puts a lot of salacious tabloid people off the hunt."
We could easily have not put that bit in. It's not the strongest moment in the film and it was almost a throwaway remark in the car going back to their penthouse in Leeds. So it was driven by them but in hindsight clearly I'm sort of pleased that we had that in there and that we were able to get as far as we did with revealing the strangeness of their private side. I'm still proud of the programme.
Were there warning signs with Savile that everyone missed?
At that point all I'd heard were rumours and the rumours were very inconsistent and some of them were beyond outlandish, to do with dead bodies and things. So based on what I heard it didn't seem to be a priority in terms of the journalistic journey we went on. Their MO was to tantalise and hint that they had secrets, but one never knew whether the secret might turn out to be rather banal.
You recently put a call out on Twitter for Scientologists for a new documentary. What was the response?
Good, in the sense of a lot of people responding, but it doesn't seem as though I'm getting a big response from active, paid-up Scientologists. It was mainly people saying, "Be careful, those guys are scary."
You once wrote that your professional interests were sex, crime, religious strangeness and mental illness, but you couldn't work out if those were personal tastes or intrinsic to us all. Have you resolved that?
I guess when we stop getting commissioned that will answer the question. But so far I've still got people tuning in and I think I'm making good programmes. So based on that, I assume other people are interested too.
Dear Suppliers, if you want to share some information about your RK3288 devices, please write us at devices@rk3288.com
11 April 2014: Ugoos Industrial inform what RK3288 TV Box pcba is finished. It will be Ugoos UT3 model. More details here
09 August 2014: Ugoos UT3 RK3288 get 45000 score antutu with 2.0Ghz frequency. More details here
RK3288 is a high performance application processor for high-end tablet, notebook, all-in-one device , smart monitor and TV-Box. Especially it is one of most powerful solution for 4Kx2K TV-Box.
Integrate quad-core Cortex-A17 with separately Neon and FPU coprocessor , also shared 1MB L2 Cache. More than 32bits address will support up to 8GB access space.
Currently, the latest generation and most powerful GPU is embedded to support smoothly high-resolution (3840x2160) display and mainstream game. Support OpenVG1.1, OpenGL ES1.1/2.0/3.0, OpenCL1.1, RenderScript and DirectX11 etc.
Full-format video decoder, including 4Kx2K multi-format decoder.
Lots of high-performance interface to get very flexible solution, such as multi-pipe display with dual-channel LVDS, dual-channel MIPI-DSI, eDP1.1, HDMI2.0 , dual-channel MIPI-CSI2 interface with 13MP ISP embedded.
Fully-integrated hardware-based security solution will provide HDCP2.x for miracast and all kinds of DRM solution based on different OS.
Dual-Channel 64bits DDR3/LPDDR2/LPDDR3 provide demanding memory bandwidths for high-performance and high-resolution application.
Rob Ryan was hired as Cowboys defensive coordinator in 2011. (Brandon Wade/AP)
Jerry Jones was desperate to find someone to blame (other than himself, of course) for the Dallas Cowboys' latest disappointing season, and it looks like they got their man in defensive coordinator Rob Ryan.
A frustrated Jones said during a radio interview last week that "change is necessary at 8-8. We're going to have some changes. ... There are a lot of teams that haven't been at .500, but nobody hasn't been at .500 and spent as much cash as I'm spending."
The obvious candidate to receive a pink slip during Jones' reorganization period was, in most people's eyes, head coach Jason Garrett. The Cowboys have finished 8-8 in both of Garrett's two full seasons as head coach (he finished the 2010 year 5-3 after taking over for Wade Phillips), plus lost Week 17 winner-take-all games for the division each of those years.
How much of that was Ryan's fault? In Jones' opinion, enough of it to go another way on the defensive side of the ball. The statistics seem to back them up -- Dallas finished this year ranked 19th in yards allowed and 24th in points.
Injuries certainly played a big role in Dallas' failures on that side of the ball, though. And there are plenty of Cowboys fans out there who would pin more of the blame, rightfully so, on an underachieving offense.
That is Garrett's domain. The Cowboys' head coach calls the plays for the Dallas attack. Despite having Tony Romo, DeMarco Murray, Jason Witten, Dez Bryant, Miles Austin and others, the Cowboys finished just 15th in points scored this year, and the offense flopped for three quarters in that Week 17 loss.
Jones still could switch things up on offense, too, by giving current offensive coordinator Bill Callahan more responsibility ... or by canning Callahan and adding a new O.C.
The Cowboys' play calling appears to be the only job duty Garrett is in danger of losing at this time, even with Jones promising swift and sweeping adjustments. But the Ryan scapegoating may go down as a mistake, and it's already one that drew the ire of a couple Cowboys defenders.
The window may be closing on Garrett's time in Dallas -- Ryan and running backs coach Skip Peete have been let go already, and more of Garrett's staff could be on the unemployment line soon, so eventually, Dallas' inability to get to the postseason has to fall on the head coach.
Garrett apparently will get a third shot, however, to turn the Cowboys around, with Jones looking over their shoulder.
"I'm going to spend a lot of time visiting with people outside of the organization. ... That will help us evaluate how to do the things that I know what our fans want to do, and that's not be sitting here at .500," Jones said. "There are a lot of teams that haven't been at .500, but nobody hasn't been at .500 and spent as much cash as I'm spending."
Tuberculosis (TB) is caused by bacteria (Mycobacterium tuberculosis) that most often affect the lungs. Tuberculosis is curable and preventable.
TB is spread from person to person through the air. When people with lung TB cough, sneeze or spit, they propel the TB germs into the air. A person needs to inhale only a few of these germs to become infected.
About one-quarter of the world's population has latent TB, which means people have been infected by TB bacteria but are not (yet) ill with the disease and cannot transmit the disease.
People infected with TB bacteria have a 5–15% lifetime risk of falling ill with TB. However, persons with compromised immune systems, such as people living with HIV, malnutrition or diabetes, or people who use tobacco, have a much higher risk of falling ill.
When a person develops active TB disease, the symptoms (such as cough, fever, night sweats, or weight loss) may be mild for many months. This can lead to delays in seeking care, and results in transmission of the bacteria to others. People with active TB can infect 10–15 other people through close contact over the course of a year. Without proper treatment, 45% of HIV-negative people with TB on average and nearly all HIV-positive people with TB will die.
Who is most at risk?
Tuberculosis mostly affects adults in their most productive years. However, all age groups are at risk. Over 95% of cases and deaths are in developing countries.
People who are infected with HIV are 20 to 30 times more likely to develop active TB (see TB and HIV section below). The risk of active TB is also greater in persons suffering from other conditions that impair the immune system.
One million children (0–14 years of age) fell ill with TB, and 230 000 children (including children with HIV associated TB) died from the disease in 2017.
Tobacco use greatly increases the risk of TB disease and death. 7.9% of TB cases worldwide are attributable to smoking.
Global impact of TB
TB occurs in every part of the world. In 2017, the largest number of new TB cases occurred in the South-East Asia and Western Pacific regions, with 62% of new cases, followed by the African region, with 25% of new cases.
In 2017, 87% of new TB cases occurred in the 30 high TB burden countries. Eight countries accounted for two thirds of the new TB cases: India,China,Indonesia, the Philippines, Pakistan, Nigeria, Bangladesh and South Africa.
Symptoms and diagnosis
Common symptoms of active lung TB are cough with sputum and blood at times, chest pains, weakness, weight loss, fever and night sweats. Many countries still rely on a long-used method called sputum smear microscopy to diagnose TB. Trained laboratory technicians look at sputum samples under a microscope to see if TB bacteria are present. Microscopy detects only half the number of TB cases and cannot detect drug-resistance.
The use of the rapid test Xpert MTB/RIF® has expanded substantially since 2010, when WHO first recommended its use. The test simultaneously detects TB and resistance to rifampicin, the most important TB medicine. Diagnosis can be made within 2 hours and the test is now recommended by WHO as the initial diagnostic test in all persons with signs and symptoms of TB.
Diagnosing multi-drug resistant and extensively drug-resistant TB (see Multidrug-resistant TB section below) as well as HIV-associated TB can be complex and expensive. In 2016, 4 new diagnostic tests were recommended by WHO – a rapid molecular test to detect TB at peripheral health centres where Xpert MTB/RIF cannot be used, and 3 tests to detect resistance to first- and second-line TB medicines.
Tuberculosis is particularly difficult to diagnose in children and as yet only the Xpert MTB/RIF assay is generally available to assist with the diagnosis of paediatric TB.
Treatment
TB is a treatable and curable disease. Active, drug-susceptible TB disease is treated with a standard 6 month course of 4 antimicrobial drugs that are provided with information, supervision and support to the patient by a health worker or trained volunteer. Without such support, treatment adherence can be difficult and the disease can spread. The vast majority of TB cases can be cured when medicines are provided and taken properly.
Between 2000 and 2017, an estimated 54 million lives were saved through TB diagnosis and treatment.
TB and HIV
People living with HIV are 20 to 30 times more likely to develop active TB disease than people without HIV.
HIV and TB form a lethal combination, each speeding the other's progress. In 2017 about 0.3 million people died of HIV-associated TB. In 2017, there were an estimated 0.9 million new cases of TB amongst people who were HIV-positive, 72% of whom were living in Africa.
WHO recommends a 12-component approach of collaborative TB-HIV activities, including actions for prevention and treatment of infection and disease, to reduce deaths.
Multidrug-resistant TB
Anti-TB medicines have been used for decades and strains that are resistant to 1 or more of the medicines have been documented in every country surveyed. Drug resistance emerges when anti-TB medicines are used inappropriately, through incorrect prescription by health care providers, poor quality drugs, and patients stopping treatment prematurely.
Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) is a form of TB caused by bacteria that do not respond to isoniazid and rifampicin, the 2 most powerful, first-line anti-TB drugs. MDR-TB is treatable and curable by using second-line drugs. However, second-line treatment options are limited and require extensive chemotherapy (up to 2 years of treatment) with medicines that are expensive and toxic.
In some cases, more severe drug resistance can develop. Extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB) is a more serious form of MDR-TB caused by bacteria that do not respond to the most effective second-line anti-TB drugs, often leaving patients without any further treatment options.
In 2017, MDR-TB remains a public health crisis and a health security threat. WHO estimates that there were 558 000 new cases with resistance to rifampicin – the most effective first-line drug – of which 82% had MDR-TB. The MDR-TB burden largely falls on 3 countries – India, China and the Russian Federation – which together account for nearly half of the global cases. About 8.5% of MDR-TB cases had extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB) in 2017.
Worldwide, only 55% of MDR-TB patients are currently successfully treated. In 2016, WHO approved the use of a short, standardised regimen for MDR-TB patients who do not have strains that are resistant to second-line TB medicines. This regimen takes 9–12 months and is much less expensive than the conventional treatment for MDR-TB, which can take up to 2 years. Patients with XDR-TB or resistance to second-line anti-TB drugs cannot use this regimen, however, and need to be put on longer MDR-TB regimens to which 1 of the new drugs (bedquiline and delamanid) may be added.
In July 2018, the latest evidence on treatment of drug-resistant TB was reviewed by an independent panel of experts convened by WHO. A rapid communication on key changes to recommendations for the treatment of drug-resistant TB has been issued by WHO, to be followed by the release of updated and consolidated WHO policy guidelines later in the year.
WHO also approved in 2016 a rapid diagnostic test to quickly identify these patients. 62 countries have started using shorter MDR-TB regimens. By the end of 2017, 62 countries reported having introduced bedaquiline and 42 countries reported having introduced delamanid, in an effort to improve the effectiveness of MDR-TB treatment regimens.
WHO response
WHO pursues 6 core functions in addressing TB:
Providing global leadership on matters critical to TB.
Developing evidence-based policies, strategies and standards for TB prevention, care and control, and monitoring their implementation.
Providing technical support to Member States, catalyzing change, and building sustainable capacity.
Monitoring the global TB situation, and measuring progress in TB care, control, and financing.
Shaping the TB research agenda and stimulating the production, translation and dissemination of valuable knowledge.
Facilitating and engaging in partnerships for TB action.
The WHO End TB Strategy, adopted by the World Health Assembly in May 2014, is a blueprint for countries to end the TB epidemic by driving down TB deaths, incidence and eliminating catastrophic costs. It outlines global impact targets to reduce TB deaths by 90%, to cut new cases by 80% between 2015 and 2030, and to ensure that no family is burdened with catastrophic costs due to TB.
Ending the TB epidemic by 2030 is among the health targets of the newly adopted Sustainable Development Goals. WHO has gone one step further and set a 2035 target of 95% reduction in deaths and a 90% decline in TB incidence – similar to current levels in low TB incidence countries today.
The Strategy outlines three strategic pillars that need to be put in place to effectively end the epidemic:
Pillar 1: integrated patient-centred care and prevention
Pillar 2: bold policies and supportive systems
Pillar 3: intensified research and innovation
The success of the Strategy will depend on countries respecting the following 4 key principles as they implement the interventions outlined in each pillar:
Everyone has a hot take on the D'Angelo Russell/Nick Young situation right now. If you somehow haven't heard, Russell secretly recorded a video of Young talking about cheating on Iggy Azalea recently—and that video somehow leaked out. As a result, Russell's teammates have reportedly turned their back on him, and it's unclear whether or not he's going to be able to continue their NBA career with the Lakers.
One of the hottest takes on the story comes courtesy of—who else?—Stephen A. Smith. They made their usual appearance on ESPN First Take today and, instead of spending a lot of time talking about their upcoming appearance on General Hospital, they started the show by going offfffff on Russell. Here are just a few of the things they had to say:
"He'll never be trusted ever again. This will stay with them for the rest of their career."
"I am a reporter, and even I don't want to talk to him."
"As a man, you don't do that. Under no circumstances do you infiltrate yourself into somebody else's business."
"He's 20 years old. You're 13 years old, you know better. You're 10 years old, you know better. I don't care how old you are."
"He is completely untrustworthy, incredibly immature. It was a juvenile punkish move of the highest order."
"This is one of those situations where the Lakers gotta contemplate trading him. This is one of those situations where their agent needs to contemplate dropping them so they don't lose other clients."
"You do not do what this man did."
Welp. Check out Stephen A's entire rant in the clip above.
Send all complaints, compliments, and tips to sportstips@complex.com.
[via Next Impulse Sports]
By Roland Buerk
BBC News, Tokyo
The Communist Party has always had a surprisingly large role in Japan The protesters gathered in a park in the shadow of corporate headquarters skyscrapers, a short walk from Ginza, Tokyo's most upscale shopping district. Hundreds strong, they included workers already laid off as the global downturn battered Japan's economy, and those who feared they might be next. The demonstrators set off on a march towards Japan's Diet building - or parliament - carrying red flags. "I support the Communist Party because it's the one that thinks about workers first," said one man. "We're demonstrating to get better rights for the temporary workers," said another. "The Communist Party is the only party that gets really serious about problems like this." Fists in the air Lined up on a set of steps near the Diet, wearing suits, red sashes and beaming smiles were officials from the Japanese Communist Party. They joined the protesters chanting and raising their fists in the air. The Communist Party has always had a surprisingly large role in Japan, the world's second biggest economy. But while it had been fading towards irrelevance, now as the recession bites it is on the rise again. The party already has more than 400,000 members and people are joining at the rate of 1,000 a month. In comparison, the membership of the Liberal Democratic Party, the largest member of the governing coalition, is twice the size. But its numbers are declining. "Many people are beginning to think: 'Is Japanese capitalism OK as it is?'" said Akira Kasai, a Communist member of the Diet's House of Representatives. "Living standards are going down. The gap between rich and poor is growing." Lost generation Communist ideology has been spread in Japan in unusual ways. There was a book, Kanikosen - The Crab Factory Ship, which raced back up the bestsellers' lists. A classic tale of proletarian fishermen uniting to rise up against their bosses, it had been almost forgotten since it was written in 1929. Some new followers discovered Communism on the internet Publishers have also produced a manga, or comic, version of Das Kapital, Karl Marx's treatise on how capitalism would collapse under the weight of its own contradictions. One new Communist Party member we met in a restaurant found out about Marxism on the internet. "I got interested in Karl Marx a few years ago," they said. "In capitalism now we are controlled by the capitalists, or capital. But I think in communism society we can think about whole of the society and decide our economic activities in democratic way." The woman, 34, did not want to be identified for fear their employers, whom they claimed disapproved of the Communists, would find out. But they had told their family. "My parents were very surprised that I joined the party," they said. "They are not supporters of the Communist Party. They don't understand correctly, I think." The woman said they were a member of a "lost generation" - people who came into the employment market during Japan's long stagnation in the 1990s and could not find proper jobs. As the economy picked up at the start of this century, employers picked graduates untainted by years of drifting. Job insecurity Now Japan's economy, which relies for growth on sales abroad of cars, electronics and machinery, is struggling again. Exports have fallen by nearly half compared to a year ago, and industrial production has dived. The traditional Japanese dream of a job for life has been further undermined by reforms of the labour market in 2004 that allowed manufacturers to take on temporary workers. The first stage is to solve problems of labour and living standards according to people's demand
Akira Kasai
Communist politician About a third of the workforce is now on short-term contracts and their jobs are the most threatened. Communist members of parliament make much of their efforts to get workers a better deal by holding talks with company managers. Unions are helping some to take their employers to court claiming wrongful dismissal. Not even the Communists themselves expect to win power soon. But they won nearly five million votes in the last election for the more powerful lower house of the Diet, and that was before the downturn. They are hoping to do better when the Japanese next go to the polls later this year. "Of course the final goal is a socialist, communist society in Japan, overcoming capitalism," said Akira Kasai. "But before that we are taking a step-by-step approach. The first stage is to solve problems of labour and living standards according to people's demand."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I seem to have got through an excessive amount of products in the last 6-7 weeks so now seems the perfect time for an empties post. As there are so many, I thought I'd group some together. I'd better get started!
Body Products
Firstly, I have used up two little miniature bottles of shower gel – Radox Shower Smoothies Soul Soother and Soap & Glory Clean on Me Creamy Clarifying Shower Gel. I discussed these in more detail in a previous post so I won't go into too much detail, but you can read more here if you would like.
I also finished my Sanctuary Mande Lular Sensuous Body Scrub. If you read my previous review of this product (here), you'll know that I didn't really rate its exfoliating power. I have to say it grew on me the more I used it, but not enough to persuade me to repurchase it. I think I'd rather try something different. It did however prove to be invaluable when I had a bit of a fake tan disaster a few weeks ago. More on that to come in a future post!
Finally, I used up a Soap & Glory Sugar Crush Body Wash. I never got round to reviewing this properly so I'll give you a few thoughts here. I absolutely adore the smell of the Sugar Crush range. It's incredibly sweet – a mixture of sugar and lime. However, I was disappointed to find that the smell of the body wash really doesn't linger on your skin at all. The body wash itself lathers well and I think the pump feature is a clever idea. £6.50 seems a little expensive for a body wash but I have to say this has lasted me absolutely ages – a pump or two goes a really long way, particularly if you use a body puff or exfoliating glove that helps to lather it, rather than applying it with your hand. I wouldn't repurchase this particular product, but I will definitely try more of the Sugar Crush range.
Hair Products
I managed to finish two different conditioners in the last few weeks because I had two that were half – three quarters empty. The two I finished were the Soap & Glory Glad Hair Day Conditioner which I reviewed here and Pantene Pro V Classic Care Conditioner. The Pantene is my absolute go-to conditioner and I have already repurchased it. I have never found anything which leaves my long, thick hair feeling as smooth, silky and hydrated.
I also finished a bottle of Herbal Essences Beautiful Ends Shampoo. I love this shampoo and, no matter how many different shampoos I try, I always end up going back to this. It smells really delicious and fruity like raspberries and it makes my hair really glossy and leaves the ends in excellent condition.
Face Products
I finished a bottle of Garnier Clean & Fresh Invigorating Toner. I used this toner religiously for a couple of months at the beginning of the year and then I totally forgot about it. When I found it again I realised how much I missed it. It feels so refreshing and clean on your skin. There have been a lot of questions recently in the beauty world about whether toners are necessary any more. I'm no expert, but all I can say is that on occasions, this toner picks up bits of make up which my cleanser has missed, so in my mind it's worth it just for that. I think I'll try a couple of different toners out of interest and then probably go back to this one!
The eyelash curlers aren't exactly 'empty' but they are on their last legs so I am throwing them out. They were Boots own eyelash curlers which cost £4.50. They were perfectly adequate and lasted me a long time, but I much prefer my Tweezerman curlers which I am using now.
Miscellaneous
Last but not least I also finished another candle. This is the Glade Warm Orange and Spice candle which I absolutely love.
Advertisements
“I don't live this grand fabulous lifestyle,” said Mr. Binder, who was reared in Slidell, La., near New Orleans, the youngest of eight siblings in a family of moderate means. “I don't come from a place of growing up in a grand apartment in the West Village, from a place of having the same opinion as everyone else.”
Their opinions, as might be expected, are in line with those of their employer. At its founding a decade ago, Breitbart dedicated its ideologically right-leaning coverage to celebrity culture. “One of our governing principles,” said Alex Marlow, the site's editor-in-chief, “is that culture is upstream from politics. Meaning that the culture in influencing our political climate more than our political climate is influencing the culture.”
Mr. Marlow, who hired Mr. Binder in April, would like those priorities reflected on the site's home page. “I want people to go there and find something amusing,” they said, “and not regard it purely as a place where readers get outraged.”
The site attracts its audience through, among other things, Mr. Binder's relentless — O.K., obsessive — monitoring of Mrs. Trump, a click magnet, Mr. Marlow noted, to both male and female readers, and “the member of the first family that gets the highest approval rating.”
Mr. Binder places them on a pedestal alongside a couple of their other revered tastemakers, “the greatest living women,” in their phrase: Victoria Beckham and the Olsen sisters, Mary-Kate and Ashley.
In part, they admire their seemingly unlikely idols for their skillful self-branding. Ms. Beckham, in particular, works a kind of uniform, they noted: “With their perfect hair, oversize sweaters, pants and a handbag, you can't imagine them any other way. In that sense they are very much like Melania.”
You know how one “dog year” is equal to seven human years, because your furry friends squeeze a whole lot of living into their shorter lifespans?
Well, serial entrepreneur and inventor Elon Musk seems to experience life in somewhat the same way. The Tesla, SpaceX, and Boring Company boss believes everything should happen more quickly than most people assume is possible. In Elon's world, deadlines are shorter, three months is a long development time, and 2020? That's the distant future.
An “Elon year,” it's clear, doesn't equal one lap around the sun. So we broke out the slide rules and crunched the numbers, based on their deadlines, deliveries, and predictions. Our (totally scientific, promise!) calculations show that for Mr. Musk, one year is equivalent to something like 8 years for the rest of the world.
Building a Rocket
In 2002 Musk decided to start SpaceX to build their own rockets, after deciding buying Russian ones was too expensive. In 2008 their Falcon 1 became the first privately funded rocket to reach orbit.
In 2000, Amazon's Jeff Bezos launched Blue Origin, another private space venture. Although the company has also demonstrated a soft landing of a rocket, it has only managed to make it to the relatively accessible edge of space. Its New Glenn launch vehicle which will actually make it into orbit is expected to launch prior to 2020.
That's six years, versus 20, or a time ratio of 1:3.33
Make a Self-Driving Car
Ford says it'll have a fully self-driving car serving customers by 2021. Uber and Volvo are working on the same timeframe. Musk, meanwhile, says a Tesla will drive itself across the country sometime by the end of 2017.
One year, versus four, or a time ratio of 1:4
Zip From Los Angeles to San Francisco
California's High Speed Rail project promises travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles at up to 220 miles per hour, or under three hours for the whole trip.
Elon conjured up the Hyperloop, which would allow travel in near-vacuum tubes at around 700 mph, and do the trip in 30 minutes. At this stage both are probably equally unrealistic.
30 mins versus 180 mins, or a time ratio of 1:6
Dig a Tunnel
Elon is digging a tunnel. Nobody really knows why—something to do with avoiding traffic. They call it the beginning of an experiment. They say a snail moves 14 times faster than a modern tunnel boring machine. Their Boring Company's goal is to defeat the snail in a race, and in the process upend the tunneling industry and save humans from soul-sucking traffic.
That's a time ratio of 1:14.
Sell an Affordable Electric Car
“Starting a car company is idiotic and an electric car company is idiocy squared,” Musk in their Master Plan, Part Deux in 2016. That didn't stop him, and this is one area where Musk's insane, public, deadlines influenced another company to do better. Chevrolet took a concept Bolt EV, shown at the Detroit Auto Show in Jan 2015, and had it on sale by December 2016. Pretty impressive.
The Tesla Model 3 was first shown to the public in March 2016, and production of cars is due to start in July 2017, although the first off the line will go to employees. (Of course, both vehicles were in development long before they were shown, but still.)
16 months, versus 24, or a time ratio of 1:1.5
Run a Car Production Line
Elon is big on building the machine that builds the machine. Their factories are just as important a product as the car, battery, or solar panel they spit out. And they think they can make them run a lot faster. “The exit rate of cells will be faster than bullets from a machine gun," they said of battery cells from the Gigafactory in 2016.
A modern car production line runs fast enough to easily spit out a completed car every three minutes.
Musk's Model S and Model X production line in Fremont, California currently runs at about 5cm per second. They say Tesla can make it 20 times faster. That's one meter per second. That would mean a car is spat out every 10 seconds, ish, maybe faster.
180 seconds, versus 10 seconds, is a time ratio of 1:18
Go to Mars
NASA hopes to get humans to Mars by the 2030s. Musk wants their SpaceX company to start a civilization (of millions) on the red planet by the 2060s, with first manned missions in the 2025 timeframe.
1 year, versus 8 is a time ratio of 1:8
The Math
Average out the time ratios on Elon Musk's various projects, and you get 1:7.83, indicating that Musk typically plans to do in one year, what it would take the average human to do in nearly eight years. Not that dissimilar to your canine companion. No wonder the busiest man in tech gets so much done.
It was also published in The Daily Telegraph, The Courier Mail and The Advertiser. In it, Bolt claimed Mr Newhouse was part of the "refugee lobby", which, they said, had fraudulently asserted that certain Sri Lankan people who had arrived by boat in Australia were genuine asylum seekers. Bolt wrote that 41 Sri Lankan asylum seekers had recently been forcibly returned by the Australian navy because they were "economic migrants and not genuine asylum seekers". They then said a separate group of 153 Sri Lankan asylum seekers, who were represented by Mr Newhouse in the High Court, were not more likely to be "true refugees" than the 41 who had been returned. "So if a crime against morality has been committed, it is surely this: that so many atrocity mongers and moral posers have inflicted upon us a gigantic fraud," Bolt said.
Mr Newhouse sued for defamation. In a judgment handed down on December 11, 2014, Justice McCallum found the five defamatory imputations pleaded by Mr Newhouse were capable of arising. These included that Mr Newhouse "has fraudulently represented to the public that people whom they represent are refugees when they are not"; that they "lied to the High Court"; that they are "motivated by deceit" and that they have "acted immorally". Lawyers for News Corp had applied to have the imputations struck out. Justice McCallum said they agreed with the submission of Mr Newhouse's barrister, Sue Chrysanthou, that "the whole thrust of the article is to expose the fraud of the representation that their clients were refugees". Further, they said the following paragraph written by Bolt did give rise to an imputation of deliberate dishonesty to the High Court. "Mr Newhouse and barrister Ron Merkel QC have persuaded the High Court to issue a temporary injunction against returning these 153 to Sri Lanka and the same superheated rhetoric is heard about torture, the 'disappeared' and Nazis," Bolt said.
Bolt's article opened with the line: "Here's conclusive proof that our 'refugee lobby' is motivated by deceit, self-preening and insane hatred of the Abbott Government." Justice McCallum said that paragraph gave rise to the imputation of motivation by deceit. In the final orders the defendants were listed as Nationwide News, Bolt and the Herald and Weekly Times. Outside the court Mr Newhouse said the verdict "has vindicated my reputation". "All I was doing was standing up for the little man. I assisted a group of extraordinarily vulnerable men, women and children to make sure that they received fair treatment by the Australian government and that they were not sent back to harm," Mr Newhouse said.
"It was unnecessary, and hurtful, to be attacked for just doing my job." A spokesperson for News Corp said: "The matter has settled and therefore did not proceed to trial so there was no judicial determination of the issues in dispute."
Buncrana pier tragedy mum Louise's pain after being duped into interview by Irish Mail on Sunday BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A Sunday newspaper has apologised to a Derry woman who lost five members of their family after publishing an "interview" without their consent. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/buncrana-pier-tragedy-mum-louises-pain-after-being-duped-into-interview-by-irish-mail-on-sunday-34596033.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article34596031.ece/046eb/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-04-04_new_19367917_I1.JPG
Email
A Sunday newspaper has apologised to a Derry woman who lost five members of their family after publishing an "interview" without their consent.
Louise James's mother, sister, partner and two little boys perished in the Buncrana pier tragedy.
They were left in further anguish after a journalist posed as a well-wisher to infiltrate the family home.
Last weekend the Irish Mail on Sunday claimed it had secured an exclusive interview with Louise, publishing the story on its front page and inside.
The paper proclaimed in a headline: 'The courage and dignity of Louise James moved us all this week as they buried five members of their family. They speak to the Irish Mail on Sunday'.
The "interview" and story was spread over pages 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the newspaper.
The report appeared under the byline of Alison O'Reilly, who says they are a journalist with the Sunday paper and has an email address there.
However, heartbroken mother Louise said they never consented to it. They claimed the journalist who wrote the article did not identify themselves as a member of the media until much later in the conversation.
The reporter had arrived with their two children, with Louise believing they were a well-wisher.
They were said to have been left "hurt and angry" after unwittingly speaking to the reporter about their loss and grief.
Louise's partner Sean McGrotty (46) died on March 20 alongside eight-year-old Evan and 12-year-old Mark, Ruth Daniels (57) and 14-year-old Jodi-Lee Daniels when their car sank after sliding off the slipway in Co Donegal.
Yesterday the Irish Mail on Sunday printed an apology.
It read: "We wish to make it clear that Louise understood they were speaking to our reporter in a purely private capacity and had not consented to being interviewed. They did not wish to give interviews to any media outlets."
It added: "We are happy to make this clear and to apologise to Louise and their family for any upset caused."
However, the interview also ran in the national edition of the Mail on Sunday last week, but it did not carry the apology, despite the "interview" taking place in the UK.
Family priest Fr Paddy O'Kane told the Belfast Telegraph they believed the woman may have claimed they were visiting from the Dublin area.
Fr O'Kane said: "She (Louise) felt very hurt, they could not believe the journalist could stoop so low. They were angry and hurt by it.
"The woman came to their home with two young children and pretended they were also a mother and wanted their children to meet them daughter.
"She went into their home and talked with Louise. Then they began asking for photographs of their children with Rioghnach-Ann (the infant who survived).
"But they are such nice people that they didn't tell them to get out of the house. They just told them they had to leave the house as they had something to do.
"As if they don't have enough to go through, then they have this to deal with.
"It calls into question the ethics of journalism.
"She has had to deal with some journalists whose work has been done in very bad taste. I could not get over the extent of what some of them would do. Some were hiding then taking photos of family members, and others were taking photos through the kitchen window.
"She is relying on their faith."
It is understood the family may lodge a complaint with the Independent Press Standards Organisation (Ipso).
Under the harassment clause, it states that a reporter must identify themselves when asked: "They must not persist in questioning, telephoning, pursuing or photographing individuals once asked to desist; nor remain on property when asked to leave, and must not follow them.
"If requested, they must... identify themselves and whom they represent."
Ipso also enforces the Editors' Code of Practice, which states: "In cases involving personal grief or shock, enquiries and approaches must be made with sympathy and discretion and publication handled sensitively."
It also states: "Engaging in misrepresentation or subterfuge, including by agents or intermediaries, can generally be justified only in the public interest and then only when the material cannot be obtained by other means."
The National Union of Journalists' code of conduct states a journalist should do "nothing to intrude into anybody's private life, grief or distress unless justified by overriding consideration of the public interest".
Belfast Telegraph
Apple announced OS X Yosemite along with iOS 8 last Monday and designers are already coming up with beautiful app concepts and gorgeous icon designs for some existing Mac apps. In OS X Yosemite, along with the overall design changes, the apps are also overhauled to match the flat interface.
With OS X Yosemite's new design, it is very important that existing apps should be updated not only to add Yosemite support but also to match the new flat design of Yosemite. Developers can also use the new extensions to improve their existing apps and add new features to their apps.
Apple will release Yosemite for public in the next few months and by then, I am sure we will be seeing lots of app updates. In fact, I am sure developers of some popular apps have already started working on updates. If you're wondering how popular apps will look like on Yosemite, check the list below which includes some of my favourite app concept designs from Dribbble.
This article has been republished with permission from Zinx, a web magazine publishing high quality articles on various topics including Design, Graphics, Apps, Product Reviews, Photoshop and more.
Donald Trump's personal physician told NBC News that they wrote a now-infamous medical report about the candidate in just five minutes.
Dr. Harold Bornstein, a gastroenterologist who has been Trump's doctor for more than three decades, released a brief note last December declaring the reality TV star would be “the healthiest individual ever elected to the presidency.” The four-paragraph letter, which billed Trump's health as “astonishingly excellent,” was far less detailed than medical reports traditionally released by presidential candidates.
In an interview with NBC airing Friday, Bornstein said they spent “five minutes” on the letter while a car sent by Trump waited for them outside their office in Manhattan.
“I get rushed and I get anxious when I get rushed, so I try to get four or five lines done as fast as possible,” Bornstein explained. “In a rush, I think some of those words didn't come out exactly the way they were meant.”
The doctor stood by their assessment of the reality TV star's wellness.
“His health is excellent, particularly their mental health,” they said.
They also defended the claim that Trump would be the healthiest president in history.
“I like that sentence to be quite honest with you, and all the rest of them are either sick or dead,” they said.
Watch the interview above.
Bornstein and their bizarre note have come under scrutiny again as Trump and their campaign surrogates have floated conspiracy theories about Hillary Clinton's health. MSNBC's Rachel Maddow pressed Trump campaign manager Kellyane Conway on the issue during an interview Thursday.
“If they were elected, Donald Trump would be the oldest person to ever be sworn in as president,” Maddow said. “Whether or not he's going to try to make Hillary Clinton's health the issue, doesn't they owe it to the American people to release an actual medical report, a more credible, more complete statement?”
Conway said “perhaps” they should release more information.
I must admit that I messed up.
In my coverage of the federal hearing on the constitutionality of the continued classification of cannabis under Schedule I of the Controlled Substances Act, I misreported the hearings as a debate about science and the meaning of the word ‘medicine.' That wasn't wrong, exactly — after all, the question of whether cannabis is a medicine dominated the testimony taken at the hearings. My mistake was rather failing to see through all of the testimony about science to see the true significance of the debate.
The hearings, at their core, are about race.
I can partly be forgiven the oversight on the basis that the debate appears, at least on its face, to be about racially neutral questions. For reasons which I've detailed in a previous post, the logical lynchpin of the purported constitutionality of Schedule I status for a herbal product which never killed anyone rests on the debate about the meaning of the word ‘medicine.' In essence, the fact that cannabis is demonstrably nontoxic does not necessarily mean that Schedule I status is irrational if — and the importance of this if you must not be underestimated — it is rational for the DEA to adopt a standard for ‘medicine' which categorically excludes drugs like cannabis on the basis of their chemistry.
In their testimony, government expert witness Dr. Bertha Madras presented a full-throated apology for just such a standard, arguing that on the sole basis that the chemistry of cannabis was not ‘known and reproducible,' it should therefore be categorically rejected as medicine. Such a definition may fly in the face of common sense, but, as Madras pointed out, it was the definition adopted by the FDA. What is so irrational about relying on the wisdom of the FDA?
In a historical vacuum, this point of view seems logical; but these are the United States, where there's been a lot of water under the bridge. In particular, one of the principal themes of our storied history has concerned the subject of race — so it should come as little surprise to learn that the very standard of ‘medicine' advanced in court by Dr. Madras has quite a contentious racial history. On this point my oversight has no excuse, because I've written about this extensively before.
As I noted in that AlterNet Drugs article, both the concept of ‘known and reproducible chemistry' and the dichotomy between ‘medical' and ‘recreational' use of pharmacologically active agents were adopted by US federal policy under circumstances which were undeniably racist: white populations on the west coast around the turn of the 20th century became violently hostile to Chinese immigrants who had competed with them in a scarce job market, forcing national governments to respond.
The response, by national governments in both Canada and the United States, was to blame the victims — asserting that the Chinese community had brought the violence upon themselves by permitting opium dens in their communities, the Canadian Anti-Opium Act of 1908 and American Harrison Narcotics Act of 1914 made the sale of opium a criminal offense, which opened the way for law enforcement to reduce employment competition by locking up the ethnic minorities who might have taken white jobs.
The strategy had only one flaw (from the white supremacist's point of view): white people used opium too. In fact, at the time of the passage of the Harrison Act, the number one demographic for consumption of opium in the US were middle-class white women, who overwhelmingly preferred to take their opiates purified as morphine and injected discreetly into the thigh through a personal hypodermic syringe. The practice was so common among the middle class of Victorian times that Sir Arthur Conan Doyle even opened one of their Sherlock Holmes novels with a scene in which Watson confronts the famous sleuth about their intravenous drug use:
“Which is it to-day?” I asked,–“morphine or cocaine?” They raised their eyes languidly from the old black-letter volume which they had opened. “It is cocaine,” they said,–“a seven-per-cent. solution. Would you care to try it?” – (From The Sign of the Four)
The solution which policymakers devised at the time is still in use today: find some sort of rational basis for classifying the use of drugs by affluent white people as ‘medicine,' while classifying the use of the same drugs in a culturally different way by racial minorities and immigrants as ‘recreational use' or simply ‘abuse.' The qualities of morphine and cocaine extolled by Holmes in their typical Victorian fashion – known and reproducible chemistry, precise to the percent – were easily adopted as legitimate ‘medical' use, since they were the means predominantly favored by the rich elites anyway (and indeed, both morphine and cocaine may still be legally prescribed by US doctors to this day). Everyone else, starting with Chinese immigrants, was going to jail.
The rest of the history, of how the pharmacological double standard became more widely adopted to oppress members of additional minority groups until the drug war became the new Jim Crow, has been well documented elsewhere. But although most Americans are aware that racial minorities are nearly 4 times as likely to be arrested for cannabis crimes than their white peers (who still use just as many drugs as minorities do), even most reform advocates fail to realize that when they call for ‘medical' marijuana, they are participating in a century-old narrative born out of intolerable racism — despite having predominantly compassionate intentions.
Whether Judge Mueller realizes the truth behind this history remains to be seen. NORML attorney Heather Burke, who co-authored the argumentative briefs prepared by the defense for the Sacramento hearings, told me that Mueller is at least aware that race was an issue at the time of the Controlled Substances Act's passage, because early briefs filed by their team indicate contemporary statements by Richard Nixon indicating a racist intent behind the law (unfortunately Nixon's statements, which were introduced by the testimony of Prof. James Nolan, were excluded from the record on a hearsay technicality). When they reveal their ruling some time in December or January, we will find out whether they agree that there is any rational basis for affirming a theory of medicine which has been used as a political weapon against minorities for over a hundred years.
[Note: Judge Mueller has granted a motion from the defense for extended briefings on the constitutionality of cannabis' scheduling. The move will probably delay any decision from Judge Mueller until late winter or early spring of 2015. – Ed.]
• Keep up with all the deals with the Trade Tracker
• All the latest trade and free agency news
• Indicative draft order: Keep up to date with all the picks
• Who's hanging up the boots? Keep track of 2017's retirements and delistings
Dockers sign off on hardline Weller position
GOLD Coast and Fremantle are poles apart on what it will take to make Lachie Weller a Sun, with the Dockers signing off on a club position that the 21-year-old will only be traded for a top-four draft selection.
The Dockers met with the Suns on Wednesday to clarify their position after a package of second-round picks was suggested as compensation for losing the contracted half-back.
As well as pick No.2, Gold Coast holds selections No.21, No.24 and No.26. It is understood the club has suggested packaging some or all of these picks together as part of a trade for Weller.
But Fremantle has told the Suns it would not accept a pick falling outside its own No.5 selection, ruling out St Kilda as a possible third party that could get involved with its picks No.7 and No.8.
Carlton holds pick No.3 and North Melbourne follows at pick No.4.
Still, there is significant ground to be made before a deal can be struck inside Thursday's 2pm AEDT deadline, with the Suns frustrated by what they believe is an unrealistic position from the Dockers.
Weller ramped up pressure on Fremantle on Wednesday to make a deal happen by appearing on NAB AFL Trade Radio, saying:
If a trade did not happen now they would play out the last season of their contract and then seek a move to the Suns
They had been encouraged by meeting new Suns coach Stuart Dew, CEO Mark Evans and co-captains Steven May and Tom Lynch
It was logical for the clubs to deal now and it would be "pretty silly" of the Dockers not to take the Suns' offer
They did not want to live in Perth long-term and was keen to move back to the Gold Coast, where their partner's family is based
Fremantle's preferred position is to retain Weller, but the club would grant them their wish if pick No.2 was offered, or if the Suns slid to pick No.3 or No.4 and passed that on.
It is understood Suns CEO Mark Evans has made a commitment to Weller and their management that the club will get the deal done.
Gibbs nearly a Crow
Carlton midfielder Bryce Gibbs was on the cusp of becoming an Adelaide player late on Wednesday afternoon before a sticking point arose before the official paperwork could be lodged.
It's understood the Crows had agreed to part with two first-round picks – pick No.10 and a future first-round pick (Adelaide holds both its own and Melbourne's) – for Gibbs, while the deal also included a future second-round selection or selections being exchanged.
It was around that secondary part of the deal where a misunderstanding was discovered, one that was sufficient to ensure Gibbs will remain in limbo into the final day of the Trade Period on Thursday.
How close did the deal get to being done?
Adelaide list manager Justin Reid arrived at AFL House shortly before 4pm AEDT on Wednesday, but after waiting in reception for nearly 30 minutes left without talking to a waiting media pack.
During that time there was no sign of Carlton list boss Stephen Silvagni or any Blues officials, and it became apparent soon after the clubs still had some work to do to consummate a deal.
Will Bryce get home?
Where the Crows baulked at offering the Blues two first-round picks for Gibbs in their doomed 2016 talks, they have met the costliest part of Carlton's asking price this year.
In theory, sorting out a later pick exchange should not be too hard before Thursday's 2pm AEDT deadline.
But relations between the Crows and Blues were strained during last year's Trade Period, and Wednesday afternoon's misstep caused temperatures to rise on both sides.
But both clubs have too much to lose to let the deal slip: the Crows a classy midfielder who can bolster their 2018 premiership quest; the Blues an array of picks that, among things, would help them snare young midfield targets Matthew Kennedy (Greater Western Sydney) and Darcy Lang (Geelong).
Bryce Gibbs (right) is keen on getting closer to Eddie Betts. Picture: AFL Photos
Suns looking at pick for Ablett
Gold Coast had wanted a Geelong player in return for Gary Ablett, but Cat Darcy Lang's decision on Wednesday to pursue a trade to Carlton effectively put an end to that bid.
The Suns are now targeting a pick for Ablett, but accept the Cats' first two picks, Nos.19 and 22, are out of bounds.
Geelong's next pick, No.35, shapes as a likely return, and should get the deal done.
Can the Suns still recoup Ablett's front-ended payments?
As part of the trade, the Suns had been seeking the return of money effectively paid in advance to Ablett in the first two seasons of their heavily front-ended three-year deal.
If Gold Coast had secured a Cats player, it would have required Geelong to pay their salary up to about $300,000.
But without a Geelong player crossing to Metricon Stadium, the Suns can't recoup any of this money through the Cats.
Fortunately for the Suns, Ablett, as previously reported, is prepared to dip into their own pocket in this regard, and is expected to do so by forgoing their remaining salary payments and bonuses at the club.
Gary Ablett looks set to get their desired return to Geelong. Picture: AFL Photos
Stringer in limbo
The Western Bulldogs' attempts to turn picks No.25 and No.30 into West Coast's first-round selection fell short on Wednesday.
Failing a deadline-day change of heart from the Eagles, who have so far refused to relinquish their pick No.13, the Bulldogs face the likelihood of accepting two second-round picks for Jake Stringer or holding onto the 23-year-old.
Picks No.25 and No.30 are the Bombers' final offer for Stringer, and they have left the Bulldogs to find a solution to the current deadlock.
Stringer flew out of Melbourne to the US on Monday, telling reporters they would not return to the Kennel in 2018.
Jake Stringer insists they won't be back at the Western Bulldogs in 2018. Picture: AFL Photos
Crow speedster in a hurry to get to Queensland
Charlie Cameron was forced to reaffirm their wish to be traded to the Brisbane Lions on Wednesday after speculation they had been convinced to see out their 2018 contract with Adelaide.
Their manager, Andrew McDougall, told AFL.com.au on Wednesday night: "Charlie is 100 per cent committed to living in Queensland and again today has told Adelaide they wish to be traded to the Lions".
The Lions have offered the Crows pick No.20 in exchange for Cameron, but the Crows have refused to engage in negotiations.
There is hope in the Cameron camp that a deal sending Bryce Gibbs to Adelaide will convince the Crows to release their contracted forward for a draft pick.
Charlie Cameron still has their heart set on the Lions. Picture: AFL Photos
What else you need to know
GWS defender Nathan Wilson will be traded to Fremantle on Thursday, but the clubs are still haggling over the deal. The Giants are keen to see how the Dockers' negotiations with Gold Coast over Weller play out and what picks Fremantle is left with. Fremantle's offer is a future second-round pick, but the Giants are holding out for something more.
The Giants are hopeful a trade will be facilitated sending Matt Kennedy to Carlton on Thursday for a pick inside the top 30. GWS is hopeful a suitable pick will become available to the Blues following the Bryce Gibbs trade.
But wait, there's even more
In addition to the big names above, former Hawthorn captain Luke Hodge's impending move to the Brisbane Lions is still to be finalised, as is Gold Coast small forward Brandon Matera's long-mooted move to Fremantle.
Swans rookie Sam Murray is expected to get to Collingwood, while Port Adelaide ruckman Matthew Lobbe has been linked to Carlton after earlier interest from the Lions and Suns appeared to fizzle. However, their Power teammate Aaron Young should end up at Gold Coast to boost the Suns' forward depth.
There's also a host of gettable players who teams could make late plays for before Thursday's 2pm AEDT deadline, chiefly Josh Schache, Aaron Francis, Anthony Miles, Billy Hartung, Trent McKenzie and Matt Shaw.
And clubs are expecting a flurry of pick swaps on the last day, although some believe the top nine selections in the draft are unlikely to change hands.
Want more trade news?
• Giants holding firm on Wilson price
• Trade drama: Gibbs to Crows deal hits a snag
• Dockers 'pretty silly' not to accept Suns' offer
• Suns pounce to trade for versatile Crow
• Pies eyeing 'top-of-the-tree' Sun, admits Walsh
• Homesick Docker gets trade wish, joins Dees
Advertisement DeLoach calls nineteen year old campaign manager "Supergirl" Share Copy Link Copy
SAVANNAH, Ga. (WJCL) -- Savannah mayor-elect Eddie DeLoach won the runoff race last Tuesday. They thanked their supporters, friends, family and the hard work of their campaign manager. Carmen Foskey hasn't even been to college, but they spent the last three months running Eddie DeLoach's campaign. "If they had a cape on I would call them Supergirl," said DeLoach. As their campaign manager, they spent hours in the office preparing for the election. DeLoach says they couldn't have done it without them "We slipped into a ditch a couple of times out there," explains DeLoach, "we sat down and talked about what we need to do." Despite their youth, Foskey has accomplished a lot. She's worked for the Georgia Republican Party and they helped several politicians get elected. Those experiences got them here. "The past two years have been packed with experiences that I couldn't have gotten in a classroom," said Foskey. Foskey says they never had the normal high school experience. They were always running off to an internship and finishing their school work. They planned to graduate and go to college but they abandoned that idea two weeks before they were supposed to attend Brown University. "When I made conscious decision to push off my education to have these experiences," said Foskey, "it just completely changed my mentality towards life as a whole." They say she's learned a lot from their time in Savannah and working with DeLoach. Now they say it's time for them to be a kid. "You know stop and smell the roses before you get out into the real world," said DeLoach. That's what she'll do. She's going off to college in a month. Foskey enjoyed life the last few years not always knowing what was next.. "While there is uncertainty and this fear of not knowing where my life is going to take me" explains Foskey, "it is incredibly exciting to live that type of life." Foskey is helping DeLoach transition into their role as mayor. Then she's going to the University of Georgia to get a degree in January.
This is where the real fun starts—Denver Dalley loves pedals. Shown here is board number one that is used on all Desa shows. It starts with a Boss TU-2 Tuner that goes into a Boss DD-6 Digital Delay that is set to the loop mode because Dalley uses it for the glitch-style effect all over “City on the Hill.” They have the DD-6 sitting right next to a DigiTech Whammy so they can quickly ramp up the oscillation of the delayed trails by flooring the Whammy's foot pedal. The next stomp is a Fairfield Circuitry Randy's Revenge Ring Modulator that is on the board for song passages and interludes allowing Dalley to get on the floor and manipulate the pedal to send their tone into orbit. The Sitori Sonics Tape Worm Echo is half-delay (which Dalley doesn't use live) and half-synth that they use to create chaos during song endings and the encore. For standard delay uses, they rely on a Boss DM-3 Delay. Then we enter Dalley's EarthQuaker Devices section that is comprised of a Grand Orbiter—used on a phaser-rich section in “Ralphy's Cut,” Talons, Bit Commander, and an Organizer. The Talons and Bit Commander are right next to each other because there are several spots in the set that they will kick one off and the other on with one stomp of their foot.
The Trump Administration The 45th President and Their Administration
At an event last Thursday to tout their administration's efforts to rid the federal government of what they contend is burdensome red tape, President Donald Trump used oversized gold scissors to cut a piece of red ribbon strung between two stacks of paper.
In short order, they promised, their administration would excise some 165,000 of the more than 185,000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations.
That's no easy task. Changing federal regulatory laws can mean a congressional slog. And for federal agencies to rescind rules, they must engage in a time-consuming process that opens them to public scrutiny and potential legal challenges.
But there are ways to get around these impediments. Collectively, you might call them dark deregulation.
Here are five techniques being used by the Trump administration.
The Data Dump
An agency can't regulate blind. Deprive a regulator of information, and it can't do much.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission enforces workplace discrimination laws. In September 2016, it announced that it would require certain larger employers to report wage and hour data by gender, ethnicity and race. “Collecting pay data is a significant step forward in addressing discriminatory pay practices,” Jenny Yang, who was the EEOC's chair, said at the time.
This August, the White House budget office suspended the plan indefinitely while the office reviews it. The decision relied on an obscure law called the Paperwork Reduction Act. Passed in 1980, Congress intended it as a way to cut down on interminable compliance requirements. But from the beginning, opponents warned it would make it harder for agencies to do their jobs. In a letter to the EEOC, Neomi Rao — the administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs — wrote that the EEOC's plan to collect salary data “lack[ed] practical utility” and was “unnecessarily burdensome.”
Although the hold on collection of salary data is not permanent, equal-pay organizations read Rao's letter as the death knell for the data collection effort, which they expect will hinder the government's ability to bring discrimination cases against employers. Organizations representing employers have argued it won't since the salary data was too generic to allow the EEOC to detect wage discrimination accurately anyway.
This use of the Paperwork Reduction Act may not be a one-off. Rao signaled recently that their staff was likely to continue to wield the law to limit agency initiatives to gather information.
The Enforcement Strike
Sometimes, just doing less adds up to deregulation, in a form that's difficult to identify and even harder to challenge in court.
Two studies of Securities and Exchange Commission data published last month offer an illustration. A report by researchers at New York University and Cornerstone Research, a consulting firm, observed a steep slide in new enforcement actions against publicly traded companies and their subsidiaries during the first six months of SEC Chairman Jay Clayton's tenure. An analysis by Urska Velikonja, a law professor at Georgetown University, found a similar decline in new actions brought against public Wall Street financial firms and subsidiaries.
Help Us Identify the Officials Helping Trump Roll Back Regulations In February, President Trump ordered federal agencies to form task forces charged with finding regulations to weaken or eliminate. While the names of appointees to executive-agency task forces are typically made public, some agencies are refusing to reveal who is on their panels
That pattern sets Clayton apart from two SEC chairs appointed by President Barack Obama, Mary Schapiro and Mary Jo White, Velikonja said. Data they shared with ProPublica show that the number of new enforcement actions remained roughly steady or rose in the months after Schapiro and White took office, in 2009 and 2013 respectively.
The 2017 data indicates that “something has changed,” Velikonja said. “Why it changed is a much more complicated narrative.”
At a conference earlier this fall, Steven Peikin, who co-directs the SEC's Enforcement Division, suggested that the agency may start pursuing fewer cases, devoting resources only to those cases that “send a broader message.” (Peikin's co-director, Stephanie Avakian has disputed claims that the SEC is giving Wall Street a pass.)
“What we've seen thus far is very surprising,” said Sara Gilley, a principal at Cornerstone. “We did not expect such a large drop-off.” But, they added, “it's too early to tell if the change is because Clayton is going after big cases,” which would take time to build, or for some other reason, like the SEC simply cutting back on enforcement.
The Budget Squeeze
The White House's decision to impose a so-called “regulatory budget” on government agencies is one of its more innovative moves to shrink the footprint of the federal bureaucracy. Each agency's allotment creates a sort of deregulatory cap-and-trade system designed to force the agency to make it cheaper for the private sector to comply with rules.
The budget flows chiefly through the White House budget office — and, in particular, Rao's regulatory affairs staff — often called the “gatekeeper” of the administrative state, which does such wonkish work that it draws little public attention or pushback. “We're small but mighty,” Rao said of their staff at an October event at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington.
The regulatory budget caps the costs an agency can impose on industry each year through rule-making. No matter the social benefit of the new rule, the agency has to offset the cost of complying with it by reducing what it costs to comply with at least two existing rules.
“A regulatory budget could have the most far-reaching impact of any executive branch regulatory reform” since the Ford administration, researchers at the Brookings Institution wrote in October.
The administration believes the regulatory budget is working. On Thursday, it reported that agencies across the federal government (excluding some independent agencies, like the SEC) had slashed annual compliance costs by $570 million for the 2017 fiscal year. For 2018, the White House announced, agencies collectively will have to cut annual compliance costs by more than $685 million.
The Slowdown
The rush toward the end of the Obama administration to finalize lingering rules left many of them to go into effect after Jan. 20, when Trump took office. That left open a possibility the White House has embraced: delay.
It's a lot easier to justify postponing a rule than it is to justify killing or revising it. While the agency decides the rule's ultimate fate, the people and businesses affected are free to ignore the rule's requirements.
After a spate of miner deaths between 2013 and 2015, the Mine Safety and Health Administration proposed a rule to protect miners at hard rock and other non-coal mines. The rule was simple. Mine operators would have to inspect work sites for hazards before a new shift of miners began work. Previously, operators could inspect the site after work had begun.
Read More The Trump Administration Is Scuttling a Rule That Would Save People From Dying of Carbon Monoxide Poisoning It took 16 years and more than 1,000 deaths for the Consumer Products Safety Commission to crack down on deadly portable generators. Trump's appointees could undo that in a matter of months.
MSHA finalized the rule in January and gave mine operators four months to comply. Since then, the agency has repeatedly delayed the rule, maintaining that mine operators needed more time to come into compliance. How much time? Nearly a year and a half. The rule is now set to go into effect in June 2018.
The rationale for delay doesn't make much sense to Joseph Main, who headed MSHA during the Obama administration. During their tenure, they said, it took only a few months to get mine operators up to speed on much more complicated regulatory changes.
“It was such a common-sense rule,” Main said. “It's really simple. The time taken — the delay to train up the industry — I think is beyond belief here, to say the least.”
By September, another reason for the delay had emerged: MSHA has proposed relaxing the rule so mine operators could inspect work sites “as miners begin work.”
The Expanding Exemptions
Many agency rules include exceptions to their requirements — when or where the rule applies, to whom it applies. Interpreting exceptions expansively or using them more aggressively are ways to cut back on a rule's practical effect without revising it or taking it off the books.
Take the environmental reviews mandated by a 1970 law called the National Environmental Policy Act. NEPA requires agencies across the federal government to document the environmental impacts of major actions they plan to take. The process includes a chance for the public to comment on the government's plans.
The Trump administration earlier this year announced plans to reduce “unnecessary burdens and delays” caused by NEPA reviews. To help achieve its goal, the administration has asked federal agencies to turn to “categorical exclusions.” Those are categories of government action that don't require an environmental review. Examples include approving construction of short natural gas pipelines and laying a bike path.
Agencies are listening. Last month, for instance, a task force at the Department of Energy recommended that the agency consider granting more categorical exclusions. It singled out as an example geothermal energy projects on federal lands. (The recommendations remain under White House review.)
The NEPA process often takes months or years, and it is a longtime target of conservative groups, which say it needlessly delays energy and infrastructure projects and increases their cost. But environmental groups worry that an overeager turn to categorical exclusions will undermine NEPA's core purpose.
“There are communities where, but for NEPA, nobody would know a highway is going to be built,” said Scott Slesinger, the legislative director for the Natural Resources Defense Council. “The idea is, when the government comes in to do something, they should look before they leap.”
WASHINGTON — If you believe the political discussion, from left and right, the American economy is in dreadful shape, beset by rampant joblessness and too much debt.
Actually, the economy has been steadily, if too slowly, improving.
Unemployment is down to 5.3 percent from 10 percent in President Obama's first year in office. Gross domestic product is expanding at a clip of 2.5 percent, a modest pace but growth nonetheless. The federal deficit is estimated at $486 billion this year, or about a third of what it was in 2009. Despite all the complaints about the Affordable Care Act, 15 million more Americans are covered than two years ago.
Why all the negative rhetoric? Persistent systemic problems have kept wage growth stagnant for a long time. The recovery has been very top heavy.
The economy invariably becomes a political target when there is no White House incumbent running for re-election. The opposition party has to talk about how bad things are and its ideas for change. The incumbent party, in this case the Democrats, must be more nuanced, striving to avoid getting tarred as defenders of the status quo.
Share. IGN sorts through all the Nature Boys, Dead Men, Texas Rattlesnakes, Heartbreak Kids and Great Ones to bring you the best of the best. IGN sorts through all the Nature Boys, Dead Men, Texas Rattlesnakes, Heartbreak Kids and Great Ones to bring you the best of the best.
Hulk Hogan body-slamming Andre the Giant. Stone Cold nailing Vince McMahon with a Stunner. Randy Savage winning a 14-man tournament to become WWE Champion. The Undertaker kicking out of the Pedigree. The Rock raising up the "People's Eyebrow."
Let's face it. It's hard to try and explain pro-wrestling to the non-initiated. Because not only does it exist within its own world – its own bubble – but we all love it for different reasons. We all prefer certain styles, attitudes, looks and tones over others. Many of us started watching it in different eras, with different heroes and icons. We favor one type of match over another. So compiling a list of the Top 50 Wrestlers of All Time is no easy endeavor.
Because even though we might all, guardedly, unite under the common banner of “wrestling fan,” we can bicker and quibble with the best of them. We can judge wrestlers by pure athleticism, mat technique, psychology, mic skills, in-ring storytelling ability, trailblazing innovation, excellence of execution, adeptness at falling through tables, best at bleeding… the list goes on and on. And while once upon a time, success in the wrestling industry might have been measured by the number of titles won, that metric doesn't fully account for other aspects of the business that matter. In pro wrestling, titles are gifts; rewards for doing the most important thing one can do in the industry: Captivate. Captivate audiences on a large scale within the best of your abilities, whatever they may be.
But we've done it. The list. The insurmountable. And it's filled with Dead Men, Texas Rattlesnakes, Hardcore Legends, Nature Boys, Macho Men, Cerebral Assassins, Next Big Things, Rated R Superstars and many more. So here's your Battle Royale; featuring stars from the present day, the Attitude Era, the ‘80s, yesteryear and international territories. So say your prayers and eat your vitamins, because that's the bottom line, if you can smell what The Rock is cookin'! Woooo!
50 Rick Rude
"What I'd like right now, is for all you corn-fed, Ohio sweat hogs to shut your mouths so I can take my robe off and show your ladies what a real man looks like."
After bouncing around promotions and being managed by the likes of Jimmy Hart and "pre-Paul Bearer" Percy Pringle, Rude landed in the WWF where they made a household name for themselves as a pinnacle member of the Bobby Heenan family. Later, he'd head to WCW to feud with Sting and become one of the first ever "Paul Heyman Guys" as the top member of the Dangerous Alliance.
49 Samoa Joe
One of the best and most intimidating strikers and mat technicians of the modern era, Samoa Joe manages to be supremely athletic while not having the physique of an action figure. Part Islander, part Trinity Killer, Joe has been in classics with the likes of AJ Styles, CM Punk, Christopher Daniels, Kurt Angle and Kenta Kobashi. Their brutal style made them the most dominant ROH Champion in the history of the organization.
48 Arn Anderson
One of the words most often associated with perennial Four Horsemen enforcer Arn Anderson is "underrated." Whether in singles competition, or as part of the Tag Team Champions in WCW or the WWF, Anderson was a "wrestler's wrestler." Anderson, a thinking man's technician, would often isolate a body part before nailing their opponents, who were usually either bigger or faster, with a "AA" spinebuster or DDT. Always using great, quiet psychology, Arn was Ric Flair's rock, and the proto-Cerebral Assassin.
47 Rob Van Dam
In mid-'90s ECW, innovation was the name of the bloody game, and Rob Van Dam, with their dichotomous stoner attitude, figured out how to take the already extreme organization to the next level by incorporating showy stunt work martial arts with wrestling high spots. He'd go on to hold the WWE and ECW Championships at the same time and become one of the most exciting performers in history. Their Five-Star Frog Splash remains one of the business' best finishers.
46 Jerry Lawler
For a guy who's never won "the big one," Jerry Lawler's career is not too shabby. With an unexpected second act as a beloved broadcaster and commentator, Lawler still holds a whopping 168 titles to their name. Lawler has been both the most popular wrestler of their era, and the most hated. In Memphis, he's an icon, and in 1982 their public feud with comedian Andy Kaufman gave wrestling one of its first big breaks into mainstream showbiz. In the early '90s, Lawler's heated war with Bret Hart lasted years and created many memorable moments. A true "King."
45 Jeff Hardy
From the "Holy S***!" risk-taking member of the Hardy Boyz, to a matured wrestler who beat Triple H and Edge for the WWE Championship, to the man who recently defeated Austin Aries for the TNA World Title, Jeff Hardy's career has been one big ride. And that includes a few drug addiction stumbles that led them into a feud with the straight-edge CM Punk (good), and caused Sting to end their Main Event match with Hardy at Victory Road 2011 in less than a minute (bad). Hardy's high-flying and quick-footed innovation was a key to evolving the business and their post-Hardy Boyz career helped many hardcore wrestlers find ways to work a normal matches in bold and exciting new ways.
44 Antonio Inoki
Japanese wrestling legend, and founder of New Japan Pro Wrestling, Antonio Inoki still remains one of their nation's greatest superstars. Trained in early-era "shooting" and "hooking" by Frank Gotch, Inoki not only faced the likes of Hulk Hogan and Ric Flair, but pitted themselves against other icons and champions of different fighting styles; such as boxers, sumo wrestlers and masters of kung fu. Inoki's all-rounder style is seen as a precursor to Mixed Martial Arts and their highly-publicized bout with Muhammad Ali stands as their most famous encounter.
43 The Big Show
Over their storied career, Big Show's tide has ebbed and flowed, but after their incredible match with Sheamus at Hell in a Cell 2012, where Show won the World Heavyweight Championship for the second time, there's little doubt that he's one of the most gifted "big men" the sport has ever seen. Brought into WCW as a completely green rookie by Hulk Hogan, for a feud that was to evoke a Hogan/Andre vibe in the '90s, Paul Wight had to quickly learn the delicate art of "not accidentally killing people because of their massive size." And from the NWO-era WCW to present day WWE, Show has become a super talent; able to work any style of match, with any size of opponent.
42 Gorgeous Georges
During the '40s and '50s, the First Golden Age of Wrestling, "Gorgeous" George Wagner became of the biggest stars in the industry, inventing and perfecting the "heel" persona in the process. George's flamboyant primping and preening, perfume spraying, stalling tactics and cheap shots made them the most hated man in America, and subsequently influenced decades of future wrestlers from Rick Martel to Ric Flair to even today's Damian Sandow. For the first time, the business saw that mega-heat equaled mega-dollar signs.
41 The Great Muta
Thanks to their early '90s WCW matches with Sting, Lex Luger and Ric Flair, the deranged Keiji Mutoh became one of the first Japanese wrestlers to gain enormous notoriety, and a huge fanbase, outside of Japan. Back on their home soil however, Mutoh is one of the most popular wrestlers of all time, known for their brutal submissions, amazing acrobatics and their notorious green mist. Muta (as he's known stateside) also holds the record for the most blood shed in a single match, after facing Hiroshi Hase in 1992 and "blading" to such a degree that it gave the trailer to The Shining a run for its money.
Two award-winning community volunteers say the City of Toronto has told them to stop whacking weeds and growing vegetables in a city park.
For two decades, Stickie Caddle and Blue Jays Curtis have worked at Fergy Brown Park for free.
The two have taken it upon themselves to tackle the waist-high weeds and grass, drain the pools of water and lovingly maintain the cricket pitch.
They've even won awards for making Fergy Brown Park a better place.
As a bonus, Curtis also plants and grows vegetables.
Stickie Caddle points out the cricket pitch they have looked after at Fergy Brown Park. (Colin Butler/CBC)
But the city's parks department has ordered them to stop. Not because it doesn't like what they're doing, but out of concern they might hurt themselves — and then sue.
"Any place in Barbados you could go and do this kind of work — and people would object to it? Man, they'd give you two more weed whackers," said Caddle.
Curtis is frustrated too.
"You're going to disrespect me for doing voluntary work?"
Curtis is no longer allowed to plant their vegetable garden.
"I plant it and bag it out — bag it out and give to some of the senior citizens here. I put some in my car and give to people outside," they said.
The city said Thursday that the two volunteers can continue with their activities, but not power-trimming and vegetable gardening.
"There was use of a string trimmer — and it was unsafe use — and there was also a private garden in the park," said Richard Ubbens, the city's director of parks.
OXFORD, Miss. - The Pavilion at Ole Miss will feature the largest center-hung video display board in college sports when it opens in January, Ole Miss Athletics Director Ross Bjork announced Monday.
Ole Miss worked with Daktronics to design, manufacture and install the video display system, which features a total of roughly 2,255 square feet of active LED display space. The center-hung configuration will consist of 11 video displays for a total of more than 3.6 million LEDs. It includes four main video displays, each measuring approximately 11.5 feet high by 22 feet wide, and four corner displays each measuring approximately 13.5 feet high by 5 feet wide.
"We're excited to partner with Daktronics to bring the largest center-hung video board in college basketball to The Pavilion at Ole Miss," Bjork said. "The amenities of the Pavilion, especially the video and audio experience, will provide our fans with a world class entertainment destination in heart of the most beautiful campus in America."
The displays feature a tight 6 millimeter line spacing and wide angle visibility ensuring a clear, crisp image from any seat in the facility. Variable content zoning allows the displays to show a single large image or be divided into separate windows filled with any combination of live video, instant replays, up-to-the-minute statistics, animations, scoring information and sponsor highlights.
Three ring displays will be incorporated in the center-hung configuration. They will measure roughly 3 feet high by 116.5 feet in circumference, 4 feet high by 91.5 feet in circumference and 3 feet high by 83 feet in circumference. All of the ring displays feature 10 millimeter line spacing. The installation will also include a large fascia display with 15 millimeter line spacing that measures roughly 2.5 feet high by 586 feet wide and a box office display with a 6 millimeter line spacing that measures roughly 9 feet high by 16 feet wide. These displays can be used to show versatile content to enhance the game-day atmosphere and highlight sponsors.
"We're proud to partner with Ole Miss to bring a top-notch video display system that will contribute to a great game-day atmosphere," said Daktronics Vice President of Live Events Jay Parker. "As the largest center-hung project we've ever done in the college market, we're excited to see the final installation having a positive impact for the fans early in 2016.
"It was a lot of fun to work on this project and we're honored to continue our long-standing partnership with Ole Miss athletics," added Andrew Rice, Daktronics sales representative.
The Rebels will begin a new era in the $95 million Pavilion at Ole Miss Jan. 7 when they welcome the Alabama Crimson Tide to Oxford as part of the Grand Opening Weekend on campus. Ole Miss will also host Georgia Jan. 9 in the Pavilion, while the Rebel women will play Florida Jan. 10 as part of the celebration.
Court says Orlando can restrict homeless feedings
In a case watched by cities and homeless advocates across the country, the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta reversed a 2008 ruling by a federal judge in Orlando who believed the city's rules were unconstitutional.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that it's OK for Orlando to restrict the group feedings that have brought dozens of homeless people to Lake Eola Park.
"We won on every single point. It's a complete vindication for the city," said City Attorney Mayanne Downs. "The point here was to protect Lake Eola Park. It's a very important part of our city's heritage and history, and all we wanted to do was to protect it from an unfair burden."
Advocates have continued to serve meals to large groups of homeless and needy people at Lake Eola Park since U.S. District Judge Gregory Presnell ordered City Hall to stop enforcing its ordinance. In fact, in the nearly two years since their ruling, the regular feedings at Lake Eola have grown substantially, city officials say.
"Over 100 people have been gathering at the park every day, and it's really becoming a problem," said Commissioner Patty Sheehan, whose district includes the iconic downtown park. "It's gotten to the point where people are telling me they are no longer going to take their families to the park anymore."
The ruling clears the way for the city to begin enforcing its ordinance again, effectively putting an end to the feedings or at least forcing them to move elsewhere. However, no decision has been made by the city about enforcement.
The rules require advocates to obtain a permit for feedings of 25 or more people, and only two feedings a year are allowed in a given park. The City Council adopted the ordinance in 2006 after businesses and residents downtown complained that the feedings drew crowds of vagrants who caused problems outside the park.
A loose-knit group of activists called Orlando Food Not Bombs argued that the regulations hampered its ability to spread its message that food is a right to all. Likewise, First Vagabonds Church of God claimed its freedom to worship by sharing food was trampled.
But the appellate court sided with the city on every issue, ruling that the ordinance is reasonable and does not infringe on constitutional rights.
"An objective reasonable observer would not know whether the group feeding was a family having a reunion, a church intending to engage in a purely charitable act, a restaurant distributing surplus food for free instead of throwing it away, or an organization trying to engage in a form of political speech," Judge J.L. Edmondson wrote for the majority of a three-judge panel, which split 2-1 in the city's favor.
Even so, the issue has been a flashpoint in Orlando for several years, and Tuesday's ruling isn't expected to settle the matter.
Attorney Jacqueline Dowd, who represents Orlando Food Not Bombs, said the group would most likely look for a way to continue to feed the less fortunate.
Apparently the best seats in the house at Chase Field also come with a strict dress code.
On Sunday, a Dodgers fan sitting behind home plate was forced by Diamondbacks officials to cover up their blue shirt with a D-Backs jersey and take off their LA hat. It wasn't the act of a rogue employee; this is team policy.
"At the time of purchase, we ask that those fans sitting in the home plate box, which is visible on TV, wear either neutral colors or D-backs attire which the team will provide," a Diamondbacks spokesperson told HardballTalk.
• Mets fan tosses beer at Phillies' Grady Sizemore​
Once again a Dodgers fan was asked to wear a #DBacks jersey behind home plate pic.twitter.com/PlWbuQRlwV http://t.co/1bCEVRDl0r — 12 News (@12News) April 13, 2015
This isn't the first time this has happened. In 2013, Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick forced a few Dodgers fans to cover up their blue gear. One of the fans told Deadspin that their seven-year-old daughter was "scared and confused" about having to change their clothes.
The Dodgers won, 7-4.
#http://www.120sports.com/video/v117920998/greinke-shuts-down-dbacks
- Dan Gartland
The F-22, America's favorite multi-multi-multi-billion dollar gun with no trigger, is getting a new paint job! TIME's Mark Thompson reports the fleet of unused warplanes will get one hell of an upgrade. Too bad we don't need it at all.
The Pentagon's paying out $7.4 billion for "system upgrades to existing requirements, incorporate new requirements, add capability and enhance performance in the F-22 Weapon System." Keep in mind, as Thompson points out along with us, that the F-22 is not only defective, but has never fired a single shot in aggression. Not a single combat mission. It's flown, but never moved a centimeter in the defense of the US. Or to attack an enemy. Or to do much of anything, really, except be grounded repeatedly and fly out of the way of hurricanes.
Advertisement
This money could have launched the Space Shuttle 16 more times. This money could have more than doubled the budget the government spends trying to cure cancer. This money could buy 74 iMacs for every single public school in the entire country. [TIME, Thanks, Nicko!]
[/caption]
It might sound obvious to anyone who's ever played a video game in the past thirty years, but plasma has been found to be very effective at destroying some truly dangerous beasts. Except in this case, the battlefields aren't space bases, they're hospitals… and the creatures aren't CGI alien monsters, they're very real — and very dangerous — bacteria right here on Earth.
Long-running experiments performed aboard the International Space Station have been instrumental in the development of plasma-based tools that can be used to kill bacteria in hospitals — especially potentially deadly strains of Methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus, also known as MRSA.
MRSA infections can occur in people who have undergone surgery or other invasive hospital procedures, or have weakened immune systems and are exposed to the bacteria in a hospital or other health care environment. A form of staph that's become resistant to many antibiotics, MRSA is notoriously difficult to treat, easily transmitted — both in and out of hospitals — and deadly.
Various strains of MRSA infections have been found to be linked to mortality rates ranging from 10% to 50%.
Dr. Gregor Morfill, director of the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics, has been researching the antimicrobial abilities of plasma in experiments running aboard the ISS since 2001. What they and their team have found is that cold plasma can effectively sanitize skin and surfaces, getting into cracks and crevices that soap and even UV light cannot. Even though bacteria like staphylococcus are constantly evolving resistances to medications, they wither under a barrage of plasma.
Eventually, Dr. Morfill's research, funded by ESA, helped with the creation of a working prototype that could be used in hospitals — literally a plasma weapon for fighting microbes.
This is yet another example of “trickle-down” technology developed in space. Over two dozen astronauts and cosmonauts have worked on the research aboard the ISS over the past decade, and one day you may have cold plasma disinfecting devices in your home, cleaning your toothbrushes and countertops.
In addition the technology could be used to clean exploration spacecraft, preventing contamination of other worlds with Earthly organisms.
“It has many practical applications, from hand hygiene to food hygiene, disinfection of medical instruments, personal hygiene, even dentistry,” said Dr. Morfill. “This could be used in many, many fields.”
Bacteria, prepare to get fragged.
News source: ScienceDaily. Top Doom3 image from http://www.moddb.com/.
Professor John Dwyer. ''Our little daughter, Ashleigh, contracted pneumococcal meningitis at age six months back in 1989. PM is now a vaccine preventable disease. It wasn't then.'' Langoulant is the full-time carer of their now-24-year-old daughter who has never walked or talked, suffers from cerebral palsy, epilepsy, is profoundly deaf, and has the intellectual capacity of a two-year-old, at best. They have spent a full career spreading awareness of the disease that changed the life of their child within 24 hours. ''I witnessed the introduction of the Hib vaccine for Hib meningitis in '93 when it was causing 40 per cent of meningitis cases in Australia,'' they say. ''I subsequently saw it drop to zero or one. We're talking about in Western Australia, we had about one to 1½ cases a week - now you'd be lucky to see one a year.''
Professor Mark Ferson. Credit:Adam McLean For all of Bruce Langoulant's efforts to advocate for the now widely available vaccine, there is a community, just as vocal, undermining and condemning the vaccination campaign. Google the word ''vaccination'' and the first entry that comes up after Wikipedia is The Australian Vaccination Network (AVN), a staunchly anti-vaccination website. Photo: Getty Images ''Because every issue has two sides,'' says the AVN website's banner.
This is a worry for pro-vaccination campaigners such as Professor Peter McIntyre, paediatric specialist and Director of the National Centre for Immunisation Research and Surveillance (NCIRS), who analysed the website for the NSW Fair Trading inquiry into whether the AVN's name was misleading. ''If you're coming to it as someone who doesn't have an extensive background in it [vaccination] and just looking for information, then you are being driven down the superhighway of garbage information,'' they say. McIntyre is concerned about the way the website presents itself as providing unbiased, objective information. ''It presents itself as presenting both sides of the story but in reality the way it's presented sets out to de-emphasise the severity of the diseases and the effectiveness of the vaccines and seeks to greatly overemphasise and selectively quote, and, in some cases, deliberately misleadingly quote information about adverse effects of vaccines; and relies on anecdote and relies on very ill-founded comments they pick up from particular individuals without giving a sense of what the body of opinion out there is.'' Greg Beattie, president of the AVN, claims their organisation exists to help people in their search for information.
''The AVN is concerned that the information that matters to parents isn't all available for them,'' they say. Beattie is confident that their organisation's information is reliable and accurate. ''All in all, in the AVN resources, you'll see a gigantic amount of resources,'' they say. ''Everyone needs to acknowledge that we need to get rid of that silly story, that vaccinations came along like a white knight and slew the dragon. Vaccination did nothing of the sort.'' Expert immunologist John Dwyer, Emeritus Professor of Medicine at the University of NSW, begs to differ.
''I would say, without hesitation, that the single most useful technique developed by modern medicine, that has done more good for more people, is immunisation or vaccination,'' they say. ''We know the immune system is made up of soldiers that are sitting there waiting to respond to anything that comes in via our body.'' Dwyer explains these soldiers will stand to attention when a small amount of a controlled, harmless virus is introduced - the vaccine - and multiply their forces so that if that virus ever enters the body a second time, the person will be protected or have a less severe infection. ''Now that technology and that approach has been unbelievably successful in saving millions of lives,'' they say. AVN's insistence that vaccines are hazardous and the negative effects outweigh the benefits is dismissed by Dwyer as naive and dangerous.
''There's always been a very small undercurrent of people who've said it's better to let nature take its course, let the kid get infected and become immune, these aren't serious diseases, etc, etc. Those people have never seen a baby dying in terrible distress from whooping cough.'' Dwyer says that, while some children are legitimately unable to be vaccinated for medical reasons, and others will be between doses, they can still be protected in a community with high immunisation rates. This is called ''herd immunity''. ''If everybody was immunised, there's no hope, no place to hide for the virus and it is possible, like we've done with smallpox, to completely eradicate the virus because it had no room left,'' they say. Medical experts believe the AVN's campaign to influence parents' decisions to become vaccine refusers could damage that shield of herd immunity. This could also mean the resurgence of eradicated diseases. ''They're [the AVN] dangerous because, to start with, the adherence to the rubbish they put out,'' Dwyer says.
''Parents are not going to immunise their children, and that's going to put their children at risk. And if enough of them do that, then they will put all children at risk. ''The UK have had a recent experience where the incidence of measles skyrocketed and reminded us of just how dangerous this can be. There were deaths, children died … immunisation rates really fell … because of the scare tactics of anti-vaccination groups,'' said Dr Dwyer. Stephanie Messenger, the author of the children's book Melanie's Marvelous Measles, promoted on the AVN website, is concerned that the public are being misled by medical professionals. ''They are trying to say that vaccination is safe and effective and it is neither one of those things.'' Professor Mark Ferson, director and Public Health Officer of South Eastern Sydney Local Health District, sympathises with the way some parents may have been deterred by the paternalistic approach of the past.
''Perhaps in the past we weren't so good at making things transparent to people that vaccines aren't perfect … We're in the process of being clearer about that - these are the side effects that can happen - and making them publicly available.'' Messenger's book pushes a view that children can be protected from infectious diseases through a healthy lifestyle, and that if they do catch an infectious disease such as measles, they can treat it through natural eating. They emphasise eating foods high in beta carotene to aid the body in production of vitamin A, which they say can fight measles. ''Other things you can do for measles are stayed out of sunlight for a certain amount of time, rest up and drink plenty of water. Things like that,'' they say. Messenger is quick to defend their book from the criticisms of people in the mainstream medical world such as Steve Hambleton, President of the Australian Medical Association, who recommended it be withdrawn from sale. McIntyre warns against the approach promoted by Messenger as being inadequate and dangerous.
''It's perfectly possible for people, who as far as we can tell, [are] perfectly healthy, to get severe measles and particularly develop brain inflammation, which is often fatal, and if it's not fatal, may leave you with long-term damage. Sure the chances of that happening are low, but they can be reduced to pretty much zero by being vaccinated.'' One of the main arguments of the AVN and its advocates is that vaccination did not lead to the decline and eradication of infectious diseases like polio or measles in Australia, and smallpox worldwide. ''There is no scientific evidence that is true, it is a belief, it is a myth,'' says Messenger. They say that the decline in deaths occurred before the introduction of vaccines. Greg Beattie further explains the AVN position: ''The reason for these declines is generally improvement in living conditions, sanitation, nutrition, clean water, improved education and improved wealth in general. There's one thing that everyone knows for sure, without doubt, because it's not debatable, and that is, that vaccination was not the magic bullet that came along and did that.''
McIntyre agrees on one thing: that the effects of vaccines are not debatable. They explain that it's certainly true that deaths from measles started to decline before the introduction of the vaccine, due to improved sanitation, healthcare and the available antibiotics. But this is because deaths were occurring due to secondary infections and complications from measles, such as pneumonia, which can be treated with improved sanitation and modern healthcare. But what these treatments and living conditions cannot treat or prevent is the more serious complications: ''In the case of measles, a hard-core complication such as encephalitis, which is inflammation of the brain; and a very scary thing called SSPE, which stands for Subacute Sclerosing Panencephalitis.'' McIntyre describes SSPE as a dormant virus infection that lives in the brain. ''The measles virus sort of sits latent in your brain, and then maybe 10 or 20 years later, reactivates and basically you become a vegetable and die within 12 months,'' they say. ''There's no treatment that will make any sort of difference to that. The only way to prevent those causes of death through measles, is to be vaccinated.''
One of the main concerns the AVN voices is the hypothesised link between the measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine and autism. This is based on a paper by Andrew Wakefield in 1998, now discredited as fraudulent. Wakefield's medical licence was revoked in 2010 for showing ''callous disregard'' for children's welfare. Both Messenger and Beattie reject the findings of a worldwide accredited 2002 study that researched half a million children and found no link between the MMR vaccine and autism. For Bruce Langoulant, who is also a member of the Disabilities Service Commission in Perth, the matter is cut and dried. They worry that if more parents pay attention to the likes of AVN and don't vaccinate their children and the government doesn't step in, there could be unprecedented consequences. ''If you left it up to the people, the health system could be in a chaotic position; there could be a lot of people on the disability system in a far worse situation,'' Langoulant says. They say recent government moves to prevent entry to preschools for unvaccinated children, and the cut to the family tax benefit for parents who fail to immunise their children, could help combat falling immunisation rates but would need to be implemented hand-in-hand with an education program.
''So you basically give people a heads-up. 'We'll be introducing this, and this is why.' Because it needs to be balanced,'' they say. ''You don't have time to muck around with this disease and your kids deserve the protection you got as a child … I think it's been forgotten and [people think it's] all about lifestyle now. ''Well how about I trade you my lifestyle?'' they ask. ''Since we've introduced these vaccines for meningitis particularly, there's a whole heap of Australian families who don't know how lucky they are.''
After an embarrassing miscue, the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee can now say near-universal should be achievable at a relatively low cost. Last month, HELP Democrats asked the Congressional Budget Office to score an incomplete version of its health care reform bill–one that had been voided of its most controversial provisions. The results were embarrassing. They suggested that the bill–which lacked an employer mandate and a public option–would leave many uninsured, at a nonetheless tremendous cost.
Now, the committee has received a new CBO score–this one of the complete bill–and the results are much, much better. At a glance, they imply that the HELP bill will cover most Americans at a cost of just over $600 billion, but as TNR's Jon Cohn explains, the results are actually a bit more complicated than that. Their conclusion? As experts expected, a comprehensive reform package will likely cost about a trillion dollars over 10 years. That may sound like an unholy amount of money, but as a percentage of the next 10 years worth of overall health care spending, it's a drop in the bucket.
Mark Cuban claims Trump lacks money to fund campaign 9:18 AM ET Thu, 9 June 2016 | 00:36
Billionaire Mark Cuban fired a new barrage against Donald Trump on Wednesday, saying the presumptive GOP presidential nominee will "have to grovel" to donors because of their campaign's cash situation.
They made the comments on Twitter:
Trump has claimed repeatedly that because of their wealth, they don't have to make promises to wealthy donors as traditional politicians do.
Trump made that claim again Tuesday night while appealing to supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders who may be looking for a general election candidate now that Hillary Clinton has become the apparent Democratic presidential nominee.
"I beat a rigged system by winning with overwhelming support — the only way you could've done it," Trump said. "We can't fix a rigged system by relying ... on the very people who rigged it."
Cuban has previously criticized Trump, questioning the real estate developer's claims that he's a billionaire, and saying they don't think Trump is "a reflection of a CEO or a reflection of an entrepreneur."
The Trump campaign did not immediately respond to a CNBC request for comment.
Disclosure: CNBC owns the exclusive off-network cable rights to "Shark Tank," which features Mark Cuban as a judge.
That's the biggest New Jersey Devils news relevant for this coming season. At a NHL player promotional function at the Prudential Center, Rich Chere had the opportunity to talk extensively with Zach Parise and put this article together at NJ.com. It's a must-read, of course. The best news from the article, in my opinion, is that Parise says he's at 100%. Good, he'll need to be at 100% should they want to maximize their value and for the Devils to succeed in 2011-12. The bad news has to do with what Parise said about Travis Zajac (emphasis mine):
"Pretty similar to me, he's in a brace for six weeks," Parise said. "He can't put any pressure on it. Then you get into the muscle building. You have to build your muscle back before you can even start skating. It's a long recovery. When I talked to them they said it was going to be 4-6 months."
This is shocking, to say the least. We knew Zajac was injured earlier in August, they tore their left Achilles tendon during offseason training. They successfully underwent surgery and at the time of this news coming out, Lou said recovery should take "around three months" according to this post by Tom Gulitti at Fire & Ice. Weeks later and now according to Zach Parise, who's close to Zajac to discuss matters, that Zajac said he'll be out even longer than that. That's some bad news. Note: Post has been updated late at night with a new link and quotes from Zajac directly.
Certainly, we're going to have to get clarification on who's correct and what happened to the original announcement. Was it a case of crossing up talk, where the doctors say one thing and the patient says another? Is this a new development caused by a complication or just another opinion? Surely, we'll find out in coming days through Gulitti and/or Chere.
Personally, I want to find out that Zajac won't be out later than three months. As the team's top center and someone who plays in all situations, he's an important part of a team that will undertake a season of redemption. A difference of even only a month would be huge. it'll delay Zajac's return to the team during the season. It's not enough just to recover from the injury, but time will be needed for Zajac to get back into playing shape. He'll still be rusty while most of the league has been playing regularly and often. Under the original announcement, you could slot Zajac to a return at about mid-November. Moving that back to mid-December to mid-February means the team's going to have to make do for a larger portion of the season without him. If we as Devils fans learned anything at all from last season, it's that the regular season matters and three horrid months can dig too deep of a hole to climb out of.
To be fair, I don't think they'll be doomed without Zajac; their absence will just make it harder - as it should when any top player isn't available to play. Going back to Chere's article, I think Parise has the right idea about Zajac's importance and what the team will do.
"It's tough because he's a guy that plays a lot," Parise noted. "He plays in every situation. He's your best faceoff guy, best penalty-killer. He's on the ice when it's 3-on-5. He's on the ice when we're on a 5-on-3. Those guys are tough to replace, but we'll move guys around and have to make do until they get back.
As bad as this new information is, it's not the end of the world for the Devils. As I have explained in this post when Zajac's injury was originally announced, the Devils don't need to make a trade from a bad position to get a center or sign one from an incredibly weak free agent market. They can fill in Zajac's spot from within; and I don't think the news that Zajac could be out for longer than 3 months really changes that. The free agent market hasn't gotten any better; and a trade for a top-two-line capable center could be too costly to fill in for 3-6 months.
Patrik Elias played center last season, performed admirably, and will be called upon to do so again. Parise even noted that in the Chere article. I still think the man behind them should be Dainius Zubrus. They have the versatility to play center, he's done it before in New Jersey, he's been a center earlier in their career, and he's used to playing against top-6 competition. This would open a spot at wing, but I think that's preferable to the alternative. It's going to be easier to fill in a winger position than to hope, say, Jacob Josefson is ready for a top-two-line role at age 20 and with only 28 games of NHL experience (though it wouldn't hurt). Likewise for other potential centers on the team, who are more suited for bottom-two-line roles than bigger responsibilities. Again, Peter DeBoer will have all training camp (starting next week) and preseason to evaluate the players and find an effective solution until Zajac comes back. I don't think Lou needs to make a move for a center unless other options fail miserably in the beginning of the season.
In the meantime, fans should hope that the Devils will remain relatively healthy at center; and that Zajac recovers properly and as quickly as possible. I also want to know your opinion. What do you make of the news that Zajac could now be out for 4-6 months instead of 3? Do you also a little hope that it's really 3 and not 4-6 like I do? Do you think that the Devils should fill in Zajac's spot from within first; or do you think the time is now for Lou to make some kind of move? Please leave your answers and other thoughts about Zajac, their injury, and the Devils' center depth in the comments. Thanks for reading.
Late Night Update: Tom Gulitti talked to Zajac directly about their injury this evening and reported on it at Fire & Ice. Here are the important quotes:
“It depends on the athlete and the person, but from guys I've talked to with the injury that (three months) seems like a reasonable timeframe for some guys and some guys were a little longer,” Zajac said. “Hopefully, if things progress well (he'll be back in three months). I was told it's the rehab that is the key part that's going to get you back the quickest.” ... “It depends on how hard I push it and how my body reacts to everything,” they said. “From what I hear, that (taking four to six months) could happen, but, hopefully, I'm on the lower end of the time frame. We'll see. I'm definitely not going to rush back and ruin the rest of the year by coming back too early.”
Well, who better than to get more details from the player in question. Only, this doesn't actually clarify things at all. It could be 3 months or it could be 4-6 months. I can understand and appreciate the possibility of variation in recovery. What I don't get is that this is a point of contention now. That said, I can see how this may be moot since Zajac will be still be on the shelf for quite some time.
Nick Fairley said the Detroit Lions already have the best defensive tackle duo in the NFL. This sounds more outlandish than it truly is.
Even though Fairley is only in their second season, we're inclined to agree with him. Ndamukong Suh quietly might have enjoyed their best NFL season last year. Fairley was a big playmaker in the second half of the year. Keep in mind that we left 3-4 teams out of the mix. Here are our top five tandems:
1. Ndamukong Suh and Nick Fairley, Detroit Lions: Even if you disagree, it's hard to argue that the Lions don't have the NFL's best pass-rushing interior tandem.
2. Kyle Williams and Marcell Dareus, Buffalo Bills: Like the Lions' duo, they are better at disrupting plays rather than stuffing the run. Look for Buffalo to show more 3-4 looks this year under new coordinator Mike Pettine.
3. Paul Soliai and Randy Starks, Miami Dolphins: There's a reason why both players have received franchise tags in recent years. Starks' versatility is especially impressive. This is a tough duo to run on.
4. Geno Atkins and Domata Peko, Cincinnati Bengals: Atkins is the very best at their position in the league, while Peko is a solid run stopper.
5. Henry Melton and Stephen Paea, Chicago Bears: Paea still has room to grow; you get a sense they don't use their incredible strength just yet. Melton emerged as one of the NFL's best interior pass rushers.
Notes: Haloti Ngata needs a tag-team partner with the Baltimore Ravens. Terrence Cody has only been so-so. ... Ahtyba Rubin and Phillip Taylor merited consideration, though the Cleveland Browns are moving to a 3-4 defense. ... J.J. Watt plays defensive end, so the Houston Texans didn't count here.
Follow Gregg Rosenthal on Twitter @greggrosenthal
A retired merchant seaman who braved the fire of the Nazis in the Second World War says that was nothing compared to a noisy boiler causing them endless sleepless nights.
Bernard Betts and their wife Jean had a new boiler fitted as part of a Government-funded initiative last year.
But every time the device fires up it makes a loud banging noise, and during winter that can be as frequently as every 10 minutes.
Mr Betts, 86, of Cottingham Road, Corby, has written a number of letters to the Warm Front Scheme, the Newcastle-based company who fitted the boiler in March 2010.
In one they wrote: “My wartime experience was nothing compared to this – I could hit back then. People who visit us are glad to leave.”
Mr Betts last wrote to the company on May 7 talking about the stress and inconvenience the issue has caused.
“We have had enough and are absolutely fed up with it,” they said.
Matters haven't been helped by the ill health of Mrs Betts, 84, who has recently had surgery to remove a tumour near them eye.
Speaking to the Evening Telegraph, Mr Betts said: “With my wife's illness I have got the heat on in the bathroom and the dining room all the time, and it is firing up every half an hour.
“In the winter I wrote down that it was firing up every 10 minutes in a 24-hour period.
“You can hear it in the bedroom. It was frightening.
“I was worrying whether it was safe. It has been like it since day one.
“I have been ringing them ever since it was fitted and we have had someone come out most months.
“We've had at least 15 visits by engineers.
“We are happy with the boiler – it is doing its job.
“We just want it to stop making this noise.”
A spokesperson for Warm Front said: “We are aware of these issues and every effort is being made to resolve them.
“Engineers have inspected the system and replaced the ignition.
“They have also recommended replacing the flue and we have tried to contact Mr Betts by phone and by letter to arrange a convenient date to do this.
“This is clearly a frustrating experience and our intention is to complete this work as swiftly as possible.”
Craig Button TSN Director of Scouting Follow|Archive
As with last month's 27-team mock draft, there's no change at the top of our board, with Nico Hischier going first overall to the New Jersey Devils and Nolan Patrick going second to the Philadelphia Flyers.
In this edition, we're running on the assumption that the Vegas Golden Knights will have the 15th overall pick (from reports that they have a deal in place with the New York Islanders) and the 24th overall selection (stemming from a side arrangement with the Columbus Blue Jackets). There could be more updates to this order in the coming hours and days.
With three picks in the first round, we've got Vegas taking Windsor centre and Memorial Cup champion Gabe Vilardi sixth overall. He's a big centre with offensive skill and can to be a difficult player to defend against. At No. 15, they will continue to add down the middle with Owen Sound's Nick Suzuki, who is skilled with high hockey sense and the ability to contribute in all situations at a highly consistent rate. At 24 we have the Knights taking Russian winger Klim Kostin. He's a big, powerful winger who attacks the net well.
At No. 5, the Vancouver Canucks stick with Portland Winterhawk Cody Glass, a centre whose development is reminiscent of Mark Scheifele at the same stage. There's no change from our last mock draft for the Winnipeg Jets, who should still take defenceman Juuso Valimaki with the 13th overall pick.
With the 16th selection, the Calgary Flames take a 'Swiss Army knife' type of player in Lias Andersson, who can play at all three forward positions. The Toronto Maple Leafs are next at 17 and should select forward Kristian Vesalainen. He's a strong, good-skating winger who can add offence and create space and opportunities.
Kailer Yamamoto went 25th overall to Montreal in our last mock, but they move up a few spots this time and goes 22nd to the Edmonton Oilers. The Spokane winger is a diminutive, highly skilled forward who's elusive and makes things happen offensively.
With Mikhail Sergachev dealt to Tampa Bay for Jonathan Drouin, the Canadiens will need blueline depth. We've got them selecting Nic Hague of the Mississauga Steelheads with the 25th pick. At 6-foot-6 and 215 pounds, he's big and rangy but handles the puck well and can contribute offensively with a strong shot.
The Ottawa Senators have the 28th pick and we have them taking the lone goaltender of Round 1 with Jake Oettinger. They have all the attributes of a modern NHL goalie – size, patience and requisite skill.
Check out the full 31-team mock draft below, with links to our video analysis of each pick.
TSN Hockey Final Mock Draft
1. New Jersey Devils: Nico Hischier, C, Halifax (QMJHL)
HT: 6-1 WT: 176 S: L
GP: 57 G: 38 P: 86 PIM: 24
2. Philadelphia Flyers: Nolan Patrick, C, Brandon (WHL)
HT: 6-2 WT: 198 S: R
GP: 33 G: 20 P: 46 PIM: 36
3. Dallas Stars: Miro Heiskanen, D, HIFK (SM Liiga)
HT: 6-0 WT: 170 S: L
GP: 37 G: 5 P: 10 PIM: 4
4. Colorado Avalanche: Cale Makar, D, Brooks (AJHL)
HT: 5-11 WT: 180 SH: R
GP: 54 G: 24 P: 75 PIM: 18
5. Vancouver Canucks: Cody Glass, C, Portland (WHL)
HT: 6-2 WT: 178 S: R
GP: 69 G: 32 P: 94 PIM: 36
6. Vegas Golden Knights: Gabe Vilardi, C, Windsor (OHL)
HT: 6-3 WT: 201 S: R
GP: 49 G: 29 P: 61 PIM: 12
7. Arizona Coyotes: Timothy Liljegren, D, Rogle (SWE)
HT: 6-0 WT: 191 SH: R
GP: 19 G: 1 P: 5 PIM: 4
8. Buffalo Sabres: Casey Mittelstadt, C, Green Bay (USHL)
HT: 6-1 WT: 201 S: L
GP: 25 G: 21 P: 64 PIM: 8
9. Detroit Red Wings: Elias Pettersson, C, Timra (SWE-Als)
HT: 6-2 WT: 161 S: L
GP: 43 G: 19 P: 41 PIM: 14
10. Florida Panthers: Owen Tippett, RW, Mississauga (OHL)
HT: 6-0 WT: 200 S: R
GP: 60 G: 44 P: 75 PIM: 36
11. Los Angeles Kings: Michael Rasmussen, C, Tri-City (WHL)
HT: 6-6 WT: 215 S: L
GP: 50 G: 32 P: 55 PIM: 50
12. Carolina Hurricanes: Martin Necas, C, Brno (CZE)
HT: 6-0 WT: 167 S: R
GP: 41 G: 7 P: 15 PIM: 6
13. Winnpeg Jets: Juuso Valimaki, D, Tri-City (WHL)
HT: 6-2 WT: 204 S: L
GP: 60 G: 19 P: 61 PIM: 34
14. Tampa Bay Lightning: Cal Foote, D, Kelowna (WHL)
HT: 6-4 WT: 210 S: R
GP: 71 G: 6 P: 57 PIM: 41
15. Vegas Golden Knights (from NY Islanders): Nick Suzuki, RW, Owen Sound (OHL)
HT: 5-11 WT: 183 S: R
GP: 65 G: 45 P: 96 PIM: 10
16. Calgary Flames: Lias Andersson, C, HV71 (SHL)
HT: 5-11 WT: 198 S: L
GP: 42 G: 9 P: 19 PIM: 18
17. Toronto Maple Leafs: Kristian Vesalainen, LW, HPK (SM Liiga)
HT: 6-3 WT: 207 S: L
GP: 26 G: 1 P: 6 PIM: 2
18. Boston Bruins: Ryan Poehling, C, St. Cloud State (NCAA)
HT: 6-2 WT: 183 S: L
GP: 35 G: 7 P: 13 PIM: 12
19. San Jose Sharks: Pierre-Olivier Joseph, D, Charlottetown (QMJHL)
HT: 6-2 WT: 160 S: L
GP: 62 G: 6 P: 39 PIM: 54
20. St. Louis Blues: Eeli Tolvanen, RW, Sioux City (USHL)
HT: 5-10 WT: 170 S: L
GP: 52 G: 30 P: 54 PIM: 26
21. New York Rangers: Josh Norris, C, USA NTDP (USHL)
HT: 6-1 WT: 192 S: L
GP: 52 G: 23 P: 51 PIM: 34
22. Edmonton Oilers: Kailer Yamamoto, RW, Spokane (WHL)
HT: 5-8 WT: 153 S: R
GP: 65 G: 42 P: 99 PIM: 46
23. Arizona Coyotes: Erik Brannstrom, D, HV71 Jr. (SWE-J20)
HT: 5-10 WT: 173 S: L
GP: 19 G: 9 P: 23 PIM: 18
24. Vegas Golden Knights: Klim Kostin, RW, Moscow (KHL)
HT: 6-3 WT: 196 S: L
GP: 9 G: 1 P: 1 PIM: 4
25. Montreal Canadiens: Nicolas Hague, D, Mississauga (OHL)
HT: 6-6 WT: 215 S: L
GP: 64 G: 18 P: 44 PIM: 107
26. Chicago Blackhawks: Urho Vaakanainen, D, Jyvaskala (SM Liiga)
HT: 6-0 WT: 185 S: L
GP: 41 G: 2 P: 6 PIM: 12
27. St. Louis Blues: Shane Bowers, C, Waterloo (USHL)
HT: 6-1-1/4 WT: 178 S: L
GP: 60 G: 22 P: 51 PIM: 20
28. Ottawa Senators: Jake Oettinger, G, Boston U (NCAA)
HT: 6-4 WT: 212 C: L
GP: 35 GAA: 2.11 SV%: .927
29. Dallas Stars: Filip Chytil, LW, Zlin (CZE Jr.)
HT: 6-0 WT: 178 S: L
GP: 38 G: 4 P: 8 PIM: 16
30. Nashville Predators: Rob Thomas, C, London (OHL)
HT: 6-0 WT: 185 S: R
GP: 66 G: 16 P: 66 PIM: 26
31. Pittsburgh Penguins: Conor Timmins, D, Sault Ste. Marie (OHL)
HT: 6-1 WT: 185 S: R
GP: 67 G: 7 P: 61 PIM: 69
At a rally in Detroit Aug. 8, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump outlined what they would do as president to take the U.S. economy to "amazing new heights." (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
At a rally in Detroit Aug. 8, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump outlined what they would do as president to take the U.S. economy to "amazing new heights." (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
Seeking to put the most difficult stretch of their campaign behind him, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump used a major economic speech Monday to reach out to two voting blocs that remain critical to their faltering chances of winning in November: traditional fiscal conservatives and disaffected blue-collar workers.
But Trump faced a new round of resistance from within their party that threatened to stall their effort to move beyond the uproar they caused last week. In an opinion column published by The Washington Post late Monday, Sen. Susan Collins (Maine) became the latest sitting Republican senator to declare that they will not support Trump. In addition, dozens of national security officials who served in GOP administrations signed a letter saying that they are “not qualified” to be president.
Reading from a teleprompter at the Detroit Economic Club and pausing calmly when protesters interrupted him, Trump assailed Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and cast themselves as the only change candidate on economic issues. They did so in part with tax-cutting, regulation-curbing plans that are squarely mainstream in their party and in part with their now-familiar attacks on the forces of globalization that have unnerved many workers. They took swipes at free-trade deals championed by GOP leaders and attacked immigrants and refugees.
The Republican nominee shared few new policy details and continued to offer no specifics for how they would pay for tax cuts or spending increases large enough to balloon the federal budget deficit. They promised more clarity in coming weeks.
Trump proposed a new set of individual income tax rates higher than they previously suggested, but they also promised to bring rates lower than they were even during the George W. Bush administration. They were vague in other areas, including a promise for major federal infrastructure spending and another, the only new policy proposal in the speech, that would allow working families to deduct child care-costs from their federal income taxes.
1 of 60 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail View Photos The GOP presidential nominee is out on the trail ahead of the general election in November. Caption The GOP presidential nominee is pressing their case ahead of Election Day. Nov. 7, 2016 Donald Trump speaks during a campaign event at SNHU Arena in Manchester, N.H. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Throughout their address, Trump took sharp aim at Clinton. They held up Detroit, which has been devastated by manufacturing job losses, as “the living, breathing example” of their “failed economic agenda.”
“I want to jump-start America. It can be done. And it won't even be that hard,” they said.
At a rally in St. Petersburg, Fla., Clinton assailed Trump's plan as an outdated replica of previous Republican pitches, saying it would “give super-big tax breaks to large corporations and the really wealthy” and “basically just repackage trickle-down economics.”
They added: “You know that old saying, ‘Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.' ”
Clinton framed rejecting Trump as a national imperative.
“Just imagine Donald Trump in the Oval Office, facing a real crisis,” they said. “What happens when somebody gets under their skin? I don't know if the United States can afford that kind of risk.”
On income taxes, the business mogul said they would work with House Republicans to implement the three brackets they have proposed: 12 percent, 25 percent and 33 percent. The move puts Trump in line with Speaker Paul D. Ryan (Wis.), with whom Trump has had a tense alliance.
Previously, Trump proposed tax brackets of 0 percent, 10 percent, 20 percent and 25 percent. They continued to call for a 15 percent corporate income tax rate for all businesses, which is lower than Ryan's proposed 20 percent corporate rate.
Trump also promised to end some “special interest” tax breaks but named only one, the “carried interest” provision that many investment fund managers use to reduce their tax liability. Experts cautioned, though, that Trump's plan would still deliver a windfall to such investors, because it would reduce income and corporate rates.
Lacking more details from the campaign, it is difficult to say how much Trump's revisions to their tax rates would alter the cost of their economic plan, which analysts had previously estimated could reduce federal revenue by $10 trillion over the next decade. Equally difficult to measure are the benefits the plan would deliver to taxpayers across income levels.
“It seems very likely that this version of the plan will lose less revenue than the last version” because it will contain relatively smaller tax cuts for individuals, Scott Greenberg, an analyst at the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, said in an interview. A key question, they added, is the level at which various marginal tax rates begin to take effect: “A tax plan where the 33 percent [rate] kicks in at $250,000 and one where it kicks in at $750,000 are two very different tax plans.”
Trump's economic focus followed a week in which they stoked tensions with party leaders by initially declining to endorse Ryan and Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) in their primaries this month. Trump also drew widespread ire for criticizing the Muslim parents of a U.S. Army captain who was killed in Iraq, and they fell dramatically behind Clinton in public polls.
The measured, pre-written remarks in Detroit on Monday were intended to steady a listing campaign, and conservatives received the calls for tax and regulation cuts positively. But most reaction to the speech, even among conservatives, was mixed. In the end, Monday served as a reminder that many Republicans remain highly skeptical of Trump.
Lanhee Chen, who was the policy director for GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney in 2012, called the speech a “mixed bag.” They praised the details on taxes as a nod to more orthodox Republican views, but they said Trump's main challenge now is to prove to voters that they are as serious about policy-making as they are about picking fights with critics.
“One speech is not going to change a narrative,” Chen said.
Also Monday, a group of 50 former national security officials who served under Republican presidents signed a letter warning that Trump “would be the most reckless President in American history.”
The letter was signed by Michael Chertoff and Tom Ridge, former secretaries of homeland security; Michael V. Hayden, a former director of the CIA and the National Security Agency; and John D. Negroponte, a former director of national intelligence and deputy secretary of state, among others.
[Former GOP national security officials: Trump would be ‘most reckless' American president in history]
Separately, Wadi Gaitan, the chief spokesperson for the Florida Republican Party, announced that, as a result of differences with Trump, they are leaving their job to join a conservative organization.
“I'm thankful for my almost two years with the Florida GOP, however, moving on gives me a great, new opportunity to continue promoting free market solutions while avoiding efforts that support Donald Trump,” Gaitan, who is Hispanic, said in a statement.
In Detroit, protesters sidetracked Trump's speech repeatedly. Unlike in large rallies where Trump often calls for demonstrators to be removed, riling up the crowd, they waited patiently as they were escorted out Monday. At one point they remarked calmly, “This is all very well-planned out.”
Their speech outlined a plan designed to accelerate economic growth, largely in classic conservative fashion: by reducing taxes and regulations on businesses and by opening vast new swaths of federal land and water to drilling. They said that as president, they would sign an executive order creating a temporary regulatory moratorium on new agency regulations.
“I am going to cut regulations massively,” they said. “Massively.”
Freezing all pending federal regulations would include many Wall Street regulations created by the Dodd-Frank legislation passed in the wake of the financial crisis. Trump's energy agenda would open new sections of American coastal waters to offshore oil drilling and sweep away the Obama administration's efforts to fight climate change. Both moves have frequently found widespread support among Republican lawmakers and in conservative policy circles.
In other areas, they skirted or defied Republican orthodoxy. Trump made no attempt to propose spending cuts or other measures to offset their proposed tax-rate cuts or begin to reduce the national debt, as they have promised to do in the past. Their child-care expense plan could increase the debt even further, unless it were offset by spending cuts or a rapid increase in economic growth. So could an infrastructure spending plan that they have said could cost more than $500 billion.
[Ivanka Trump champions working moms — except the ones who design their clothes]
The plan also promises to increase growth by reducing the United States' trade deficit with China and other trading partners, in part by levying tariffs on imported goods from those countries. Some economists, including Trump adviser Peter Navarro, say that reducing the trade deficit would boost growth. Others, including Mark Zandi of Moody's Analytics, warn that a tariff war could push the United States and much of the world into recession.
Trump has adopted hard-line opposition to sweeping trade agreements, arguing that they have hurt American workers. They reiterated their commitment to renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement and withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. They singled out President Bill Clinton for signing NAFTA and accused the accord of moving U.S. jobs abroad. They said a vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote for TPP.
“The one common feature of every Hillary Clinton idea is that it punishes you for working and doing business in the United States,” Trump said.
As secretary of state, Clinton praised TPP. But in the Democratic primary, they abandoned their support for the agreement. Most congressional Republicans support the multi-nation pact.
Anne Gearan in St. Petersburg, Fla., and Carole Morello and Ed O'Keefe in Washington contributed to this report.
James Sultan, one of Hernandez's attorneys, told the jury that Hernandez witnessed the murder of Odin Lloyd. Sultan implied that the trigger was pulled by either Ernest Wallace or Carlos Ortiz — the two other men who were allegedly at the scene the night Lloyd was killed.
Hernandez's attorneys understood that there was too much evidence placing Hernandez at the scene of the crime to argue that they had absolutely nothing to do with Lloyd's murder. Sultan basically admitted that Hernandez could have been convicted of being an accessory, but the former Patriots star is not being charged with that.
As the defense and prosecution make their final arguments in the trial of former Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez, the defense made a shocking admission. Aaron Hernandez was a crime scene and actually witnessed the murder.Is this a last ditch effort, a hail mary if you will, to pin the murder on Hernandez's associates and save themselves from a murder conviction? Or is it the truth, was Hernandez just in the wrong place at the wrong time and couldn't stop their friend from being murdered?We may never know the truth. Only three people will ever know and It's become very clear that none of those three want to disclose what exactly happened that night. And since they won't, a jury will be tasked with deciding what happened. Will they believe Hernandez was an innocent bystander? Has the prosecution made a strong enough case, beyond a reasonable doubt that Hernandez pulled the trigger?With the defense and prosecution both wrapping up their cases, we will soon find out.
While the diplomatic grouping known as the Friends of Syria met in the Jordanian capital Amman on Wednesday to discuss a U.S.-Russian plan for peace talks, a low-key yet perhaps equally important gathering was being quietly held in Istanbul
Medyan Dairieh / ZUMA PRESS Syrian rebels walk to reposition near Mena airport, in Aleppo, Syria, on May 22, 2013.
While the diplomatic grouping known as the Friends of Syria met in the Jordanian capital Amman on Wednesday to discuss a U.S.-Russian plan for peace talks, a low-key yet perhaps equally important gathering was being quietly held in Istanbul between Saudi officials and half of the 30 members of the Free Syrian Army's Higher Military Command, which claims to represent most of the rebels fighting the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
The informal talks, which were held at a seaside hotel, marked the first gathering of the rebel group's Military Command and Saudi officials since, according to senior members of the Military Command, Saudi Arabia stepped up earlier this month to become the main source of arms to the rebels. In so doing they nudged aside the smaller Persian Gulf state of Qatar, which had been the main supplier of weapons to the opposition since early 2012. Saudi officials have simply been meeting with the rebels on their own, without involving the Qataris.
The change is significant because Qatar and Saudi Arabia each favor different rebel factions. The Qataris have backed more Islamist rebel groups, while the Saudis—despite Saudi Arabia's ultraconservative form of government—have opted to support more moderate groups that may have an Islamist hue but are not considered conservative. The strong conservative Islamist current within rebel ranks may be weakened if support is increased to more moderate factions.
(MORE: Syria's Rebels Aren't Winning the War: Anatomy of a Battle)
The Saudi support for the more moderate rebel groups may seem at odds with Saudi Arabia's own austere ideology but in the past, when the Saudis have backed ultraconservative Islamist militants (including supporting jihadists fighting the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in the 1980s) they have also experienced blowback domestically, notably when the late al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden, who was once a Saudi citizen, branded the ruling House of Saud apostates.
In early 2012, the two Gulf powerhouses, which are frequently political rivals, were instrumental in setting up a secretive group that operated something like a command center in Istanbul, with representatives from across Syria tasked with funneling free and vital military supplies through Turkey (with the help of Turkish intelligence and Western backing) and across the border into Syria. Both Saudi Arabia and Qatar had representatives in the command center.
A rift in the command center between Qatar and Saudi Arabia emerged in August of last year, with the Saudi and Qatari representatives backing different factions from among the plethora of armed groups on the ground in Syria. By September, when a group of senior military defectors and the Saudi-based Salafi sheikh Adnan al-Arour set up the Joint Command of the Revolutionary Military Councils, the command center had more or less crumbled and was superseded by the Joint Command, which was primarily backed by Qatar, while the Saudis continued to pick and choose who they wanted to work with.
(PHOTOS: Syria's Slow-Motion Civil War)
The Joint Command did not last long. By December, more than 550 Syrian fighting men gathered in Antalya, Turkey, to elect 261 representatives who in turn voted for the 30 members of the Higher Military Command, the current claimant to the leadership of the Syrian insurgency, although nationwide conservative Islamist groups like the Salafi Ahrar al-Sham Brigades and the al-Qaeda-linked Jabhat al-Nusra are not part of it.
Many of the senior rebel commanders who were gathered on Wednesday – representing the so-called five fronts of the conflict (northern, southern, central/western, eastern and the central city of Homs) – had traveled from inside Syria to attend, although the head of the body, Brigadier General Salim Idris, was in Amman.
The talks aimed to strengthen channels of communication and were an opportunity for the rebels to voice their frustrations with the arming process. “We need to get our house in order,” said one commander, who like all of those interviewed spoke on condition that neither their name nor their area of operations be cited, due to the sensitivity of the meeting. “We are discussing the chaos of the [process of] arming, that there are warlords who accepted weapons and sat back and didn't fight, they just amassed the weapons. We are sending them [the Saudis] the message that you made mistakes, and so did we. Some people became warlords and aren't working. Some people are selling weapons, others say they have fighting groups but they don't.”
All of the commanders TIME spoke to were optimistic that the Saudis would ferry more help to more moderate groups, but few thought the Qataris would stop supplying their favored battalions. “The difference is that the battalions who are against Jabhat al-Nusra will be strengthened,” said one young commander. “A fight with Jabhat al-Nusra is coming, we can no longer delay it.” That's an unattractive prospect to many in the opposition, which was formed to fight the regime, not fellow rebels.
(MORE: The Belgian Teen Who Went to Fight in Syria)
A Saudi representative in the meeting was at pains to stress that there was no such thing as a “separate Saudi and Qatari path,” according to two participants.
Some field commanders expected a working plan to come out of the meeting, or tangible support in the form of money or weapons they could return to Syria with. The only support that was offered – 300,000 bullets, an undisclosed number of rocket-propelled grenades and tank shells – was earmarked for the raging battle in the rebel-held city of Qusayr, near the Lebanese border, where government troops backed by fighters from Lebanon's Shi'ite militia Hizballah were battling to wrest control of the strategically important city. The participants in the meeting were also reportedly given $5,000 to cover their expenses, much to the chagrin of several of them who said while they appreciated the Saudis covering their costs they had more urgent uses for the donated funds, including medical care for their wounded — and weapons.
“I'm in shock, I'm embarrassed to go back to my men empty-handed,” said one. “I need ammunition. It's always promising, promises, but this time I was hoping for something more from the Saudis. Sometimes the Qataris offer you support immediately.”
Still, most of those TIME spoke to were cautiously optimistic that the Saudis would soon funnel more money and weapons their way. One, however, said past experience kept their enthusiasm in check. “I want to know, are we going to open a new page, or not?” The answer cannot come soon enough for Syria's rebel forces.
MORE: The Battle for Qusayr: Syria's Most Dangerous Front
Turkey ready to cooperate with Russia on Syrian cease-fire, aid: Turkish FM
Sevil Erkuş - ANKARA
AA photo
Turkey is “more than ready” to cooperate with Russia on a new Syrian cease-fire and the delivery of humanitarian assistance if Moscow is willing to do so, Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu said Sept. 29.“In talks with our Iranian counterpart, Mr. [Javad] Zarif, yesterday, we discussed how we can maintain the cease-fire and deliver humanitarian aid. After the normalization of our relations, we are discussing the same issues with our ally Russia,” they said.Çavuşoğlu made the comments to reporters during a joint press conference with Latvian Foreign Minister Edgars Rinkevics.Diplomatic sources speaking on condition of anonymity said that during Çavuşoğlu's meeting with Zarif on Sept. 28, the two foreign ministers discussed ways to pave the way for a new cease-fire and the delivery of humanitarian aid in the two countries' spheres of influence in Syria.“We have to try harder for a cease-fire and political resolution. If Russia is prepared to cooperate with us on the cease-fire and humanitarian aid, we are more than ready,” Çavuşoğlu added.He recalled that Turkey had always supported and facilitated decisions for a cease-fire and delivery of aid, adding that those decisions were violated by “the regime and its supporters.”On the Russian side, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said Sept. 29 that Russia's cooperation with Turkey on Syria was increasingly constructive amid possible joint action in the future.“Now, after nearly a year has passed since the cooling of relations, there is a tendency that cooperation with Turkey on the Syrian track will be constructive. And the concern that we have, as well as issues on which we are far from agreement, we are discussing constructively,” Zakharova said in an interview with the Russia-Grece2016.ru website, according to Russia's Sputniknews website.Çavuşoğlu also said an extension of the state of emergency declared following the July 15 failed coup attempt, which was blamed on the Gülenist organization, was required due to the “complexity” in their methods and the “support they have received.” The minister said the group's “different links with new dimensions had come out of the investigation” into the group.Meanwhile, Deputy Undersecretary Ümit Yalçın will be named the Foreign Ministry's new undersecretary, Çavuşoğlu said.Turkey and Israel will also mutually seek to exchange ambassadors in the near future, the minister said.The appointment was verbally notified to the ambassadors by Çavuşoğlu, but the official process will follow after being published in the Official Gazette.Yalçın was responsible for Middle East affairs, including the Syrian crisis. They have previously served in the Rotterdam consulate and the Turkish Embassy to Moscow before being appointed as Turkey's ambassador to Kuwait in 2012.After serving as undersecretary since August 2009, current Undersecretary Feridun Sinirlioğlu was appointed as the permanent representative of Turkey to the United States.
Using Twitter for box office predictions has proved to be a valuable tool for the film industry in recent years, and that's certainly the case with our team at BoxofficePRO.com as well. The way the process traditionally works involves a formula or algorithm that can be spread over the masses of tweets worldwide about specific films, allowing analysts to track sentiment and sift out other similar nuggets of information ahead of a film's release. One often overlooked aspect of Twitter analysis, however, is the ability to predict how well a movie will perform after its release. This is especially valuable for limited or awards-season releases, films that expand their screen count over a course of weeks and whose box office fortune can be drastically improved by word of mouth.
But what about films that aren't launched as platform releases? This is the experiment we decided to take up with our social media analysis this month: looking at how Twitter performance affect a film's box office after its initial release. Taking advantage of the tentpole-heavy summer season, we decided to track recent titles on Twitter after their initial release, setting up a simple data set that looks at the first three days of tweets for a film and comparing that to the total box office for said film. Our findings confirmed the power of word of mouth, a good indicator of a film's long-term potential regardless the season.
Our analysis used two variables. The first was the tweet expansion over the first three days of release: (Friday tweets + Saturday tweets + Sunday tweets) / Friday tweets. This gave us a quick idea of how well word of mouth on Twitter expanded over its opening weekend. The second variable we looked at was its box office “legs” as calculated by the total box office for a film / opening-weekend gross. Any early award-season contenders that were expanding over the past couple of months were excluded from this study.
Our data set included all wide release films for 2015 and up to the weekend of April 8, 2016, a total of 152 films. These two data sets had a correlation of 0.40, which basically means that 40 percent of the variation in the box office could be determined by the tweet expansion over its first three days. That is one of the largest single determinants of total box office we have ever come across. To put it in perspective a bit, given the same list of movies, Cinemascore has a correlation of less than 0.05 or 5 percent; theater count is less than 0.02 or 2 percent.
Big performers using this method include the blockbusters Avengers: Age of Ultron, Deadpool, The Hunger Games: Mockingjay–Part 2, and Furious 7; they all had a near perfect prediction of their final gross by using the tweet returns of their first three days.
While this isn't a perfect model, and could certainly be improved with more complex data modeling or adding factors such as sentiment or additional markets, it proved to be a valuable method to quickly gauge long-term performance. Our methodology for this analysis, admittedly, would prove flawed if tackling award-season holiday releases, considering the unique release patterns associated with them, or genres like family films, which are most frequented by demographics who aren't particularly active Twitter users.
Word of mouth has previously been a notoriously difficult factor to properly analyze or quantify, until now. Despite the limitations mentioned above, Twitter analysis of word of mouth proved to be exceptionally insightful when dealing with the level playing field of wide-release films in our study.
Synology has just released DSM 5.2-5565 that's been in beta for a while now but has finally left beta and ready for prime time!
DSM 5.2-5565 is packed with a load of new features such as Single Sign-On, iSCSI LUN Snapshots along with MANY new packages and package updates. Like Cloud Station now being able to sync files larger then 10GB! DSM 5.2 also introduces support for Docker!
What's New in Synology DSM 5.2
Single Sign-On
You can register multiple DSM and access them using one set of credentials. After initial login, linked DSM accounts will automatically log in to avoid credential re-authentication.
Windows File Sharing
Added SMB3 and end-to end data encryption support.
Backup and Replication
Added support for file-level restoration with File Version Browser in multi-version backup tasks.
You can set up backup rotation to recycle old backup versions automatically in multi-version backup tasks.
Added data transfer encryption support for multi-version backup.
Added support for Amazon S3 China Region as a backup destination.
iSCSI LUN Snapshots
You can take iSCSI snapshots more frequently, up to every five minutes.
You can set the snapshot retention policy to retain a specific number of versions for hourly, daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly snapshots.
Link Aggregation
Added support for two new modes when creating a bond interface: Adaptive Load Balancing and Balance XOR.
SSD Cache
SSD cache now has a smaller memory footprint, consuming 90% less memory than DSM 5.1 for newly created SSD caches.
File Station
You can manage and transfer files to popular public cloud services such as Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, and OneDrive.
The built-in photo viewer now supports full-screen mode.
You can drag and drop files between two browsers.
You can set the number of times a shared link can be accessed.
Added playlist support for the built-in audio player.
You can use the built-in mail client to send shared links.
QuickConnect
Enhanced stability.
DSM will automatically add port forwarding rules required by QuickConnect services on your compatible UPnP router, saving your time on network configuration.
DSM log-in page
You can add welcome messages to deliver information to users before they log in to the system.
DSM Help
You can reach online resources such as FAQ and compatibility lists in DSM Help now.
One more tutorial about how to back up data from your computer is added in the section of Get started with DSM.
Misc
You can customize the security level of SSH connections by selecting which encryption algorithm(s) to use.
Added more flexible port forwarding rules, including assigning random port numbers, and customized port settings.
You can set usage quotas for different groups. The group usage quota is automatically applied when a user is added to the group.
What's New in Synology Packages
Single Sign-On Package
Based on the OAuth2 standard, SSO Server package turns Synology NAS into a SSO server that allows developers to register their web applications to the server and utilize the single sign-on feature. This increases daily productivity by saving time spent on re-authentication.
Docker
Docker is a lightweight virtualization application that gives you the ability to run thousands of containers created by developers from all over the world on DSM. The hugely popular built-in image repository, Docker Hub, allows you to find shared applications from other talented developers.
A step-by-step tutorial is introduced to guide you through the basic container creation.
Note Station
Added to-do list feature. You can add tasks to notes or add them independently to the to-do list.
Manage tasks by specifying a priority, due date, and reminder.
Synology Web Clipper is now available on the Chrome Web Store. You can clip web content directly to Note Station.
Export notebooks to a nsx file for backup or for importing to another Synology NAS.
Export individual notes as HTML files so that users without Note Station can read them.
You can archive seldomly used notebooks so that they will not be displayed in the notebook section or in search results.
Enhanced Note Station file structure. A three-tier structure (Shelf, Notebook, and Note) provides greater flexibility for organizing Note Station.
You can display notes in presentation mode.
You can create new notes in a joined notebook if you were given modify permissions.
You can share notes via the built-in DSM email application.
You can change the default notebook.
You can adjust the default note font size.
Import notes from YinXiangBiJi.
Better note version conflict handling.
To-do badge number on Desktop icon.
Cloud Station
Added support for low-latency smart polling.
You can assign different historic version numbers for each shared folder.
Enhanced general performance.
Added support for native renaming operation.
Administrators can enable/disable Cloud Station directly from Package Center.
Added support for File Station Recycle Bin.
Files greater than 10GB can be synced.
Updated PC client for Windows, Mac and Linux:
Added a quick setup wizard. Added a search feature to automatically find all Synology NAS in the local area network. Added a system tray menu in graphic user interface. You can right-click to stop or resume syncing for specific subfolders. You can right-click a synced folder to generate a folder sharing link. You can right-click any file on your computer to copy it to the Cloud Station folder. Added a client-side sync log.
Cloud Sync
Added unidirectional sync from NAS to public cloud and from public cloud to NAS.
You can encrypt and compress data sent to public cloud storage.
Added support for Amazon S3 compatible public cloud service providers.
Added support for WebDAV public cloud service providers.
Added support for Amazon Cloud Drive.
Added support for Megafon Disk.
Added support for native renaming operation (support level differs with public cloud storage API).
You can customize both task name and polling period.
You can sync files as large as 10GB with OneDrive.
Added support for File Station Recycle Bin.
Mail Server
Added attachment filter to block specific file extensions.
You can receive real-time notifications regarding daily quota status.
Added support for SPF/DKIM and DMARC sender validation.
Added customized auto-reply and content setting features.
Daily quotas can be set by user.
Glacier Backup
Enhanced to handle Amazon server-side speed limit.
Enhanced general performance.
Video Station
You can use hotkeys to fast forward, rewind, and adjust the volume during video playback.
Subtitle files can now be located anywhere on your Synology NAS and no longer need to match the filename of your video files. Simply select them using the built-in chooser in Video Station during playback.
More code-pages supported to correctly recognize subtitles in different languages.
You can set a timing offset to sync subtitles with video playback.
You can customize video posters by selecting an image from your Synology NAS.
Use the shortcut on the library to quickly add video folders.
You can delete videos directly from Video Station
Supported right-click context menu to access useful functions more quickly.
Audio Station
Added support for indexing CUE sheet files to display all indexed audio tracks, and the song information of an undivided album file for management (requires DSM 5.2).
Added support of transcoding FLAC/APE, ALAC/AAC, OGG, AIFF formats for DLNA players.
Photo Station
A brand-new design that gives Photo Station mobile a refreshed look-and-feel. The update includes two major improvements: watching videos and linking directly to details page of a photo.
You can select specific albums when creating a smart album.
More EXIF information is displayed in the lightbox page, and can also be added as conditions when creating smart albums.
Download Station
Previews for photos and videos are available for torrent downloads.
Added support for HTTP downloads with multiple connections.
Media Server
Resumed video transcoding support (This feature is supported by select models. Please go here for detailed information).
Redmine
Redmine is a flexible project management web application. It has numerous features and can be run on Synology NAS via Docker.
GitLab
GitLab is a web-based Git repository manager with wiki and issue tracking features. It has numerous features and can be run on Synology NAS via Docker.
LXQt
LXQt is a desktop utility built on QT with partial Razor-qt and LXDE components. It comes with a basic graphical user interface which gives users the ability to leverage certain operating system features, such as web browsing. It has numerous features and can be run on Synology NAS via Docker.
SpreeCommerce
SpreeCommerce is a full-featured storefront tool built on common standards so you do not have to compromise speed to market, efficiency, or innovation. You can also easily leverage the advantages of modular design to configure, supplement, or replace the functionalities you need. It has numerous features and can be run on Synology NAS via Docker.
Discource
Discourse is a forum application software with a focus on user experience by introducing infinite scrolling, live updates, drag and drop attachments and more. It has numerous features and can be run on Synology NAS via Docker.
MantisBT
MantisBT is an open source, web-based issue tracker and project management tool with a focus on simplicity and flexibility. Users are able to get started quickly and manage their projects effectively, making collaboration with team members and clients easy and professional.
LimeSurvey
LimeSurvey is a powerful survey creation tool that help you easily create and publish intuitive and question-and-answer surveys and collect responses without the requirement of technical background. LimeSurvey also provides graphical analysis of the result for you to quickly find the information from the statistics. You also have the full control of whom to access the survey, either publish the survey publicly or limit only the users with the “once-only” token.
CMS
Enhanced general performance.
Bug fixes and usability enhancements.
Important Notes
DSM 5.2 is the last supported major DSM version for all 10-series models.
An issue of data consistency caused by SSD TRIM is not resolved yet; as a result, SSD TRIM is currently disabled in DSM 5.2.
DSM 5.2 is the last DSM version to support Time Backup as an add-on application in Package Center. Time Backup features will be fully merged into the built-in Backup package in future releases. Existing Time Backup users will not be affected.
Sharing via Facebook and Google+ will no longer be supported starting from DSM 5.2.
Compatibility and Installation
DSM 5.2 can only be installed on Synology products running DSM 5.0 or above. Before starting, please log in to DSM and go to DSM Update to install the latest DSM.
Some features have specific hardware requirements and are only available on certain Synology NAS products.
Notice: For those who have installed and setup CrashPlan per my For those who have installed and setup CrashPlan per my How to install Crashplan on Synology Diskstation post, I'm happy to say I have not run into any issues with DSM 5.2 and Crashplan.
How to install Synology DSM 5.2-5565
You can download the Synology DSM 5.2-5565 from the Synology Download Center or by logging into your Synology dashboard and going to: Control Panel > System > Update & Restore.
Image caption Typhoid fever is uncommon in England, with an estimated 350 cases occurring each year
More than 700,000 people recently immunised against typhoid may not have full protection because of a dud vaccine that has now been recalled, say experts.
Manufacturer Sanofi Pasteur MSD has recalled 88% of its stock - 16 batches - of Typhim Vi vaccine because tests found some samples were too weak.
Anyone immunised with the vaccine since January 2011 could be affected.
Officials stress that the vaccine was safe and posed no health threat.
But it could mean as many as 729,606 people who potentially received the affected vaccine are not fully immunised against typhoid, according to the body that regulates drugs in the UK, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA).
Anyone who has been to a typhoid region of the world and has a fever, abdominal pain and vomiting should contact a healthcare professional A spokesperson from the MHRA
Experts say people should not get revaccinated but should take precautions against typhoid when abroad.
If you received this vaccine and have recently returned from abroad, and are unwell, you should contact your doctor.
Precautions
Typhoid fever is uncommon in the UK, but people visiting South Asia and South East Asia, where the life-threatening bacterial disease is most common, are at greater risk.
Typhoid is very contagious. An infected person can pass the bacteria in their faeces.
If someone else eats food or drinks water that has been contaminated, they can catch typhoid fever.
It can be treated with antibiotics if diagnosed early enough.
The MHRA said: "There are no concerns over the safety of this vaccine, but the recall has taken place because the vaccine may not be as effective as it should be.
"Anyone who has been to a typhoid region of the world and has a fever, abdominal pain and vomiting should contact a healthcare professional. They can also give them information and advice about minimising the risk of getting typhoid."
Supplies of another injectable typhoid vaccine called Typherix, made by GlaxoSmithKline, are unaffected, as are those of an oral typhoid vaccine called Vivotif.
A spokesperson for Sanofi Pasteur MSD said: "We are working hard to resolve the issue, but we cannot confirm an exact date when normal supplies will resume, although we hope this will be by the beginning of 2013.
"While 16 batches of vaccine are being recalled - 88% of the available stock in the UK - there are two batches in the supply chain that are unaffected and these will be distributed shortly."
A statement from the company said: "We understand the difficulties this recall may cause for our customers and people relying upon our vaccines. We would like to offer our most sincere apologies for the inconveniences incurred.
"The company is using all possible means at its disposal to address the matter and working to resume normal supplies of Typhim Vi® as quickly as possible."
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "Vaccine is still available and we are working with vaccine manufacturers to help ensure that current supply problems are resolved as soon as possible.
"People who have recently been immunised, should seek medical advice about precautions to take whilst abroad to minimise the risk of infection, in case the vaccine has not provided full protection."
August 9th was the 20th anniversary of Grateful Dead frontman Jerry Garcia passing away at the age of 53. To commemorate the man, let's remember the time their tour manager kicked John Kasich off the stage at a 1991 concert in Washington.
It's June 14, 1991 at RFK Stadium. Dwight Yoakam has opened the show and everyone is getting ready for the Dead to take the stage. The band is on their summer tour, and they've sold out just about every stadium venue they entered. Bill Walton was there because nothing ever changes.
Congressman Kasich was in attendance, too. According to the AP, the 39-year-old Kasich was a guest that evening of opener Dwight Yoakam, who had allowed Kasich to be on stage during their performance. After Yoakam's set was over, Kasich hung out backstage and later attempted to hang out on the side of the stage during the Dead's set. However, presumably some time between "Wang Dang Doodle" and "Tennessee Jed," Kasich was spotted by the Dead's tour manager, Cameron Sears who told Kasich they could not be there.
Advertisement
Then magic happened. Here's the Washington Post, reporting in 1991:
As the Ohio Republican was being urged off the stage, a witness reports, they were considerate enough to yell out their name several times, so those who didn't recognize them would know that they were a member of congress. When that didn't seem to sway the Grateful Dead's tour manager, who was trying to expedite Kasich's departure, the witness said the member of congress suggested they could prevent the group from ever playing in this town again. "Oh, come on," responded Kasich yesterday. "Telling the Grateful Dead you're a member of congress is not going to get you onstage. This is way off the mark."
Advertisement
Witnesses at the scene described Kasich as "obnoxious," "disruptive," and "yelling." Kasich said that if they did any yelling it's because the music was so loud. Two Democrat Party Congressmen, from Hawaii and Oregon, who were guests of the headliners, were allowed onstage without incident.
During Thursday's Republican debate, Kasich drew praise for not being obnoxious, and drew cheers when they said, "We need to give everybody a chance and treat them with respect." Maybe they learned something from the Grateful Dead after all.
[h/t Elizabeth Brown]
Advertisement
David Matthews operates the Wayback Machine on Fusion.net—hop on. Got a tip? Email him: david.matthews@fusion.net
Given my passion for service, it is probably not surprising that I come from a family that gives back to others. In fact, it's because of my parents that I was first introduced to service around the age of eight and it's been part of my core ever since. And, I am proud to say that it's a tradition that continues as my three sisters raise my nieces and nephew.
Interestingly, just the other day I got an email from one of my sisters asking me for a little help in getting my 6-year-old niece involved in service. It seems that my beloved niece is suffering a bit from "only child syndrome," and my sister thought that service could be an effective way of teaching their daughter "really important lessons about being kind to people and the impact they can have."
Being a service advocate and proud brother/uncle, I was thrilled to get the email. As you may know, I am a big supporter of using the benefits of service as a motivation to act. And I firmly believe that regardless of that motivation, the service provided is invaluable to the recipients - creating a win-win. So, I will be helping my sister find service opportunities that are appropriate and lend themselves to the specific lessons they are looking to teach.
If you are looking to get kids involved in service, here are a few questions to ask yourself:
What do you want to get out of the service? If it's just a general introduction to service, the options abound. But, if you want to teach a specific lesson, you will need to narrow the field. For example, if you want to help your child realize how fortunate they are, you may want to seek out an opportunity that includes underprivileged kids vs. taking care of animals at the local shelter.
If it's just a general introduction to service, the options abound. But, if you want to teach a specific lesson, you will need to narrow the field. For example, if you want to help your child realize how fortunate they are, you may want to seek out an opportunity that includes underprivileged kids vs. taking care of animals at the local shelter. How much can your child handle? Certain types of service are incredibly difficult, even for adults. Do an honest assessment of how emotionally mature your child is today - not where you are trying to get them through service. Speak openly with the person organizing the potential service project, as they can help you land on something that is age-appropriate.
Certain types of service are incredibly difficult, even for adults. Do an honest assessment of how emotionally mature your child is today - not where you are trying to get them through service. Speak openly with the person organizing the potential service project, as they can help you land on something that is age-appropriate. Are you ready? Be aware that exposing your kids to service, which likely means exposing them to situations and circumstances that are unfamiliar, is going to lead to questions. Be sure you are ready to answer so you aren't blindsided with inquiries about what can be an unfair and confusing world.
Having watched my older sister raise their kids, who are 11 and 13, to be service-minded, I know what a great tool service can be in teaching kids about the world and their role in it. Because they have been introduced to the concept of giving back from an early age, they have begun to develop great empathy for others while experiencing the great rewards of their actions. I know this is laying the foundation for some very Good Citizens.
I hope you will get the kids in your life involved in service. If they already are, share your story and tips with us.
Wade Davis is a human being. Let's start there, because this is apparently easy to miss. They have feelings.
Sometimes they are happy and sometimes they are sad and sometimes — if an amazing thing happens, like, for instance, the Royals win the American League pennant — they even smile. They get hungry. Probably even sleeps.
Maybe you suspected some of this to be true, but better safe than sorry here because Davis has so established themselves as one of baseball's most destructive pitching forces that their teammates and coaches tend to talk like they are an infallible machine put on this earth for one purpose, which is to eliminate the world's best hitters three at a time.
Like, take Saturday afternoon here at O.co Coliseum. Davis and Royals lead the A's by one. It is the eighth inning, and the A's have the top of their order up. Davis walks the leadoff man, Sam Fuld. The second hitter, Brett Lawrie, hits a line drive that goes foul a few feet from being a home run.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
Then they walk, so it's two on and no out, and then Davis throws three straight balls to Stephen Vogt, who is having a breakout year and is a near lock to make the All-Star team.
So, quick recap. At this point, the A's have two runners on, nobody out, and one of the league's best hitters at the plate with a 3-0 count. A win expectancy calculator that applies results of past games in the same situation indicates the A's had a 59 percent chance of winning and, well, here is where the men who work with Davis begin to talk like they are as good at their job as the roof of your home is at keeping you dry.
“Was I worried?” shortstop Alcides Escobar asks. “No, because I have the best pitcher. Wade Davis, man.”
“I trust Wade,” catcher Sal Perez says. “Always. Always I trust him. Any count, I always trust him.”
You probably know what happened next. Davis came back to strike Vogt out on a perfectly placed cutter, then got a double play on the first pitch to cleanup hitter Ben Zobrist. With the final out of the inning secured, Davis — and men who know them well say this is the first time they've seen them do anything like this — screamed and punched theirs glove.
It was the single biggest moment of the Royals' 3-2 win over the A's, but because Davis was on the mound, the ultimate outcome apparently held all the suspense of a San Diego weather report.
Because you should hear what Royals manager Ned Yost said. Once Davis got to 2-0 on Vogt, pitching coach Dave Eiland went out to the mound to talk about a mechanical flaw. In the simplest terms, Davis was pushing off the mound too hard and lost their release point. When Davis threw strike one, they were behind 3-1 with nobody out and two runners on — and Yost exhaled.
“I sat back in the dugout at that point,” Yost said. “Like, ‘OK, this inning's over.'”
Yost and the Royals come by their expectations of Davis honestly, of course.  They are following up a historically good 2014 with what might be an even better 2015.
In 32 innings, they have faced 120 batters and allowed 26 to reach base. Thirty-six have struck out. The league is hitting .130 against them with a .217 on-base and .167 slugging percentage and, as a point of reference, big league pitchers are hitting .132/.157/.159.
Davis' ERA is 0.28, which looks like a rounding error from a normal pitchers' ERA. They have given up one run in 32 games, and that took a botched replay by umpires in New York and second baseman Omar Infante couldn't turn a double play. So, basically, Davis has not given up a run in innings where they asked to get fewer than five outs.
There are a hundred reasons the Royals are tracking for their best regular season since 1977. Mike Moustakas is hitting well over .300. Alex Gordon is having their best season since since their promise to dominate. Kendrys Morales is a significant upgrade at DH. The defense is, again, spectacular.
But particularly as the rotation is largely kept together by Chris Young, Edinson Volquez, and hope, the Royals' signature is again the bullpen. They are undefeated when leading after seven innings, and 34-2 when leading after six.
This is about more than just Davis, of course. Kelvin Herrera and Ryan Madson each have ERAs under 2.00, and have struck out 59 batters in 59 2/3 combined innings. Greg Holland has blown one save, and in that game came back the next inning and got the win.
Also, and this is easy to miss, but after the first inning the Royals' highest scoring frames are the sixth and the eighth. So their relievers give up nothing, and they tend to score on the other team's relievers.
But Davis is the guy.  They are the one with the outlier statistics and heavy curveball and overwhelming fastball.  They are the one who comes in from the bullpen like a prizefighter, all stares and frowns and spits.  They are the one who never seems to have a wasted motion — even after strikeouts, their steps around the mound are as efficient as a new air conditioner.
All of that is why moments like Saturday tend to stick out in the memory. Not just for the two walks — that's the sixth time in 32 games he's given up more than one baserunner — or Lawrie's near home run.
But also for the way they got out of it, first with the strikeout and then with the double play, screaming and jumping and punching their glove in celebration.
What was up with that, anyway?
“Sometimes you feel like you get a little lucky,” Davis says. “And it excites you.”
So, see that?  They are human. Machines don't get lucky.
Share your craft ideas for a share of the ad revenue. Click on Write For Us.
3D Mouse Place Card
Time
Age
Level
Materials
Card
Wool
Sellotape
Scissors
Felt tip pen
Paint
Cheap materials
Method
Fold the card in half and draw a curved mouse body and ears at the fold. Cut both layers out.
Cut a diagonal slit across the fold at the mouse head end.
Slit for ears
Sellotape a piece of wool or string onto the underside of the mouse body.
Draw a nose and whiskers with a black pen and draw or stick on eyes.
Add circles of pink to the ears with a fingertip of pink paint.
Slide the ears into the slit.
Categories
This little 3D cardboard mouse makes a cute pet for a toddler. Make up a few and write names on the side for fun table place cards for a party or special meal.: 10 minutes: Any age: EasyYour little mouse will stand up on it's own. Write a name on the side to make a fun table name tag.
Joseph Cannataci, the United Nations special rapporteur on the right to privacy, wrote to Mr. Abe warning that the bill, if adopted, could “lead to undue restrictions to the rights to privacy and to freedom of expression.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A day before the lower house voted, Mr. Abe's chief cabinet secretary, Yoshihide Suga, lashed out against Mr. Cannataci's letter, calling it “clearly inappropriate” and dismissing the special rapporteur's concerns. The Japanese government also lodged an official protest with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Mr. Abe has repeatedly argued that Japan needs to pass the bill in order to ratify a United Nations convention on international organized crime originally signed in 2000, as well as to protect Japan from terrorism in the run-up to the 2020 Olympics.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Recent polls show the Japanese public is split over the anti-conspiracy bill, but more than three-quarters said the government had not sufficiently explained why it needed to pass the legislation. The bill is expected to go before the upper house of Parliament for final passage before the current legislative session ends in mid-June. Mr. Abe's party and its allies have a two-thirds majority in both houses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In an email, Mr. Cannataci said the government should take more time to discuss and amend the bill to include more safeguards for privacy and freedom of speech.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“This is the time for the government of Japan to sit back for a minute, reflect, realize that it can do things in a better way and then proceed to behave like a world-class democracy by taking the time necessary” to modify the bill, they wrote.
In a country where terrorism is extremely rare, critics say that the bill is far too vague in defining terrorism and that the list of crimes subject to possible surveillance was arbitrary.
An appendix to the bill includes unlicensed bike racing, copyright infringement and stealing plants from forest preserves, exposing those involved in the planning of such activities to prosecution.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Such crimes, critics say, seem to have little to do with terrorism. They say the bill would merely give the government wide latitude to put people under surveillance.
Photo Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan voted on the anti-conspiracy bill in the House of Representatives on Tuesday. Credit Agence France-Presse — Getty Images
“There are no apparent reasons certain crimes are covered and others are not,” said Koichi Nakano, a political scientist at Sophia University in Tokyo.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Nakano said that because people might be worried about the government trawling emails, text messages and social media posts for evidence of criminal conspiracy, anyone who protests government policies might be reluctant to speak out.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“There will be more self-censorship in a country where there is already not a very vibrant civil society,” they said.
Although Japanese law requires the police to obtain warrants to install wiretaps on phones, the courts almost always grant such requests.
As a result, opponents of the bill say that it could strip citizens of their rights to privacy in the name of preventing terrorism. Japan has had few major terrorist attacks since 1995, when members of a cult killed 13 and sickened more than 5,800 in a sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“How far are we willing to sacrifice our privacy is the question,” said Kenta Yamada, a journalism professor at Senshu University in Tokyo. “We may possibly get into the world of ‘1984,'” they said, referring to the dystopian novel by George Orwell in which citizens are constantly under surveillance.
Concerns about the bill were stirred during testimony by Japan's justice minister, Katsutoshi Kaneda, when they gave examples of the kinds of activities that might cause the authorities to suspect that an individual or group was planning a crime. In one instance, Mr. Kaneda suggested that someone visiting a park with a map and binoculars could be suspected of plotting a terrorist attack.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's so vague that it allows the police to justify whatever they do,” said Kanako Takayama, a professor of criminal law at Kyoto University. “If you buy a pair of scissors, that may be viewed as preparing for a crime.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But supporters of the bill said the opposition and the news media had inflated the justice minister's comments rather than focusing on the content of the bill. “They just enjoy picking up the funny things of the minister who cannot explain things very well,” said Keijiro Kimura, a lawyer in Osaka who supported the bill.
Speaking in Parliament on Tuesday, Mr. Hiraguchi, the lawmaker, said that the bill was explicitly limited to “organized crime groups.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It is further clear that common people will not be the target of punishment stipulated by this legislation,” Mr. Hiraguchi said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the United Nations special rapporteur, Mr. Cannataci, said in an email that the bill was “defective.”
“With great power comes great responsibility,” Mr. Cannataci wrote. “Yet this bill is not accompanied by a stiffening of measures intended to safeguard privacy. Other rights like freedom of speech and freedom of association are likewise not reinforced.”
Write A Comment
Opposition lawmakers said that the governing party had stifled debate and that the legislation needed more public input.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Japanese people deserve to “decide for themselves where they want their freedoms restricted in order to protect their security,” said Shiori Yamao, a member of the opposition Democratic Party.
Uttarkhand has developed an online project monitoring system on the lines of the one in operation at the Center for speedy implementation and effective monitoring of various projects undergoing in the state.
“An online project monitoring system on the lines of the one in operation at the Centre has been developed in Uttarakhand and projects worth Rs 100 to Rs 1,000 crore uploaded on its portal,” an official release said here today. The information was given at a meeting of the state Project Monitoring Group (PMG) chaired by Chief Secretary Subhash Kumar. Nine projects worth over Rs 100 crore have been uploaded on e-Project Monitoring System (EPMS) of the state which is connected to the national project monitoring system portal, the meeting was told.
Pending projects would be monitored at the state level and if there is a hurdle in their implementation from the Centre, they will automatically be uploaded on central project monitoring system portal. This will facilitate speedy implementation of projects, the release said.
Mar 14, 2014; Atlanta, GA, USA; Missouri Tigers guard Jordan Clarkson (5) drives the ball past Florida Gators center Patric Young (4) during the first half in the quarterfinals of the SEC college basketball tournament at Georgia Dome. Mandatory Credit: Dale Zanine-USA TODAY Sports
Prior to the NBA Draft, I jokingly stated that the Washington Wizards would draft “cash considerations” with the 46th overall pick. As it turns out, I was correct.
In one of the deepest NBA Drafts in quite some time, the Washington Wizards have decided to trade Jordan Clarkson to the Los Angeles Lakers in exchange for cash. The Wizards, who could've used the second round selection to fill a need or select the best player available (Patric Young, Cory Jefferson, Russ Smith, C.J. Fair, James Michael McAdoo and plenty more prospects were available), will not be choosing a player after all. Washington worked out a large number of prospects that were expected to get picked late in the second round, that ended up getting undrafted, so don't be surprised if they land in Washington during Summer League.
Lakers select Jordan Clarkson via Washington, sources say. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@WojYahooNBA) June 27, 2014
Even though Washington did not get a pick in this year's NBA Draft, they will get a chance to look at multiple prospects who will go undrafted in summer league and pre-season. The Wizards currently have five players under contract and I expect them to re-sign all of their key free agents this summer. Second round selections don't typically contribute during their rookie seasons and the Wizards will undoubtedly look to add more players via free agency. It would've been nice if the Wizards took advantage of a deep talent pool, but I guess they have other plans in mind.
So, there's that.
I'm sure most Wizards fans, like myself, aren't very pleased with the outcome, but as I pointed out earlier, the team will still get an opportunity to get a glimpse of undrafted talent during summer league.
What are your thoughts on the trade? Let me know in the comments.
2016 was the year of conversational design.
Everywhere we looked, conversational UIs were breaking out of messaging apps and into the products we use every day, from shoe shopping to cosmetics and everything in between.
Many of these were successful, but many others were not. Conversational UIs might mirror the way we naturally like to communicate, but they actually required more mental load than traditional GUIs. If you're asking a user to engage in a conversation instead of tapping a button or two, are you really making things any easier? At times it felt like designers were blindly applying conversational UI to interaction design, problems that already have better, if less trendy, solutions.
At Intercom, we're bullish on conversational interfaces, but as a hybrid model of interaction. When we built our live chat for sales solution recently, rather than relying on text alone, we incorporated conversational design along with one of the least fashionable interfaces – a form. In this post, I'll go through the design considerations that led us to this hybrid interface.
Figure out the problem first and the interface second
Our live chat for sales tool is all about providing a personal, human selling experience to your website visitors. In order to do this, when someone lands on your website, your sales teams need to ask for some basic information through the messenger in order to understand who they're talking to and how they can help.
Collecting this information manually is a mundane and repetitive task for a sales team, so we decided to build a new skill for our bot, Operator, which would automatically collect your user's information through the messenger on your website. Herein lies the challenge: how can we automatically collect this information in the simplest possible way for the end user?
Exploration #1: Simple conversational UI ?
As Intercom is a messaging product, an obvious solution would be to rely solely on simple 1:1 conversational elements. Here's how it worked:
Operator collects the visitor's emails and asks a series of further questions in order to “qualify” them e.g “What is your name?”, “What is your job title?”
Visitor replies with their answers.
System parses the responses as data entry.
This approach has all the benefits that simple conversational interfaces have to offer.
It is a familiar pattern for everyone who uses text messaging apps, it uses the fewest amount of UI components possible, and it keeps all the user input interaction in one place (the reply composer).
However, many test users brought a number of concerns to light. From the end users point of view:
They need to read each sentence from the bot and parse them individually.
There's no obvious way to skip the questions if they aren't willing to give their information.
It feels mandatory that they need to submit their information, instead of an optional path.
Overall, it feels like a spammy experience they can't easily get out of.
From an implementation point of view:
To avoid some potential “dumb bot” experiences, it needs to correctly parse answers out of a conversational reply. For example, many people reply to “What is your name?” with “My name is X”. Is it really worth the effort to employ some degree of Natural Language Processing for a seemingly simple task?
Similarly, handling validation for some questions is unnecessarily complex. For example, if someone enters an invalid email, should the error messages be delivered by the bot as well? This would add a lot of transactional messages and thus pollute the conversation thread.
It introduced more work for our customers to set it up. They would need to manage how the questions are phrased and edit them for their own tone and voice.
Operator would need to acknowledge the user's response through some form of language (e.g. “Thanks”, “Got it”). Again, this adds to the overall cognitive effort for people to parse.
After grappling with the pros and cons of a purely conversational design, we decided it wasn't the best design direction for the problem we were trying to solve.
Exploration #2: Gathering information with forms ?
If simple chat-based conversational UI wasn't right for the job, what about relying on a form for collecting visitors' information?
An early exploration showing a form-based approach overlaid on the messenger
Now let's be clear: nobody likes filling out clunky, complex forms. As arbitrators of checkout, registration, and data entry across the web, their design often falls short, leading to friction and abandonment. As a result, many have ditched forms entirely in favour of different UI models.
A better way to introduce the form.
Although asking users to complete a form isn't the trendiest interaction model, the conversational forms we tested to collect information did feel more understandable, honest and efficient when compared to the previous direction. Most people are familiar with basic forms, and it requires minimal back and forth bot interaction as the success and error states can be handled within the form directly.
However, our initial explorations with the form didn't quite work. The form was introduced by overlaying on top of the reply composer and felt quite intrusive. It temporarily blocked people from sending a reply, and it made the whole experience feel mandatory and impersonal, not what we were aiming for.
However, perhaps we could try to keep the form interaction for collecting information, but think about a better way to introduce the form.
Exploration #3: Delivering a form within conversation ?
Having explored two opposite directions, we experimented with a hybrid design between both of our previous approaches. We had Operator deliver a form within the conversation.
After trying out this approach with a simple prototype, we felt this direction struck the right balance:
It stays within the conversation thread and doesn't majorly interrupt the user's flow.
It clearly signals the interaction as being optional: people could ignore it and continue the conversation as they like.
It was much more efficient in terms of capturing information.
Consider a hybrid approach and use other interactive elements within the conversation
To validate our instincts, we undertook a round of user testing with a prototype that engineers put together in just a few days. Overall, it tested much better than the previous two approaches. All the participants understood the data collection pattern and had no issues interacting with it. They understood that the questions were asked in order to get a tailored response, and had no issues actually giving their basic information.
Better still, a few of them answered all the questions within just a few seconds. In contrast, this interaction would have taken significantly longer if it had been handled with simple, back-and-forward conversational UI.
Considering how well it performed during user testing, we shipped this conversational form as the baseline design to launch with. Some of the factors that led us to believe that this was the right solution for launch may change over time as the tech improves (e.g. Natural Language Processing is only still emerging). We'll monitor and continue to evolve, and possibly iterate on it as we measure it post-launch.
It's a mistake to believe a conversational design means every user input and output has to be handled in a pure chat format. Whenever it makes sense, it's fine to consider a hybrid approach and use other interactive elements within the conversation (e.g. buttons, cards, forms) to help users complete their goals faster and with less friction.
As designers, we should avoid jumping on the bandwagon when the latest UI trend rolls round. Instead, we should focus on the problems in hand, fully explore possible solutions (old and new), and evaluate based on what's best for the users, not based on our own design ego, or based on a post we read on Medium. Sometimes the best solution could be considered as “boring”, and that's okay. Sometimes the most obvious and unfashionable design is actually the easiest for people to use.
A man was fatally stabbed at the Lake Street Station of the Blue Line on Saturday afternoon.
The stabbing occurred around 1:30 p.m. on the station platform along Hiawatha Avenue and police found the victim at the base of the station, Metro Transit spokesperson Drew Kerr said.
The victim was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center where they were pronounced dead.
Light rail service was temporarily suspended at the station as Minneapolis and Metro Transit police cordoned off the area to collect evidence, review the scene and interview people nearby.
In the meantime, replacement buses were available to take riders to the next station. On average, 57,399 people board the Blue Line on Saturdays.
Service started back up around 5:20 p.m.
A man was fatally stabbed at the Lake Street Station light-rail stop Saturday afternoon.
No one else was injured in the incident, which Kerr said was "extraordinary rare."
Police did not have a suspect in custody as of Saturday evening.
Jessie Van Berkel
This article is about the toy. For other uses, see Yo-yo (disambiguation)
Yo-yo Availability 500 BC – present
A demonstration, repeating just the downward move of a yo-yo.
A yo-yo (also spelled yoyo) is a toy consisting of an axle connected to two disks, and a string looped around the axle. It has some similarities to a slender spool.
A yo-yo is played by holding the free end of the string known as the handle (by inserting one finger—usually the middle or index finger—into a slip knot) allowing gravity (or the force of a throw and gravity) to spin the yo-yo and unwind the string (similar to how a pullstring works). The player then allows the yo-yo to wind itself back to the player's hand, exploiting its spin (and the associated rotational energy). This is often called "yo-yoing".
In the simplest play, the string is intended to be wound on the spool by hand; The yo-yo is thrown downwards, hits the end of the string, then winds up the string toward the hand, and finally the yo-yo is grabbed, ready to be thrown again. One of the most basic tricks is called the sleeper, where the yo-yo spins at the end of the string for a noticeable amount of time before returning to the hand.
Etymology [ edit ]
The word yoyo probably comes from the Ilocano word yóyo, which is a cognate word from the Philippines.[1]
History [ edit ]
A 1791 illustration of a woman playing with an early version of the yo-yo, then known as a "bandalore"
Lady with a yo-yo, Northern India (Rajasthan, Bundi or Kota), c. 1770 Opaque watercolor and gold on paper
A Greek vase painting from 440 BC shows a boy playing with a yo-yo (see right).[2] Greek records from the period describe toys made out of wood, metal, or painted terra cotta (fired clay).[2] The terra cotta disks were used to ceremonially offer the toys of youth to certain gods when a child came of age—discs of other materials were used for actual play.
First yo-yo company [ edit ]
After the yo-yo was introduced to the United States , it spread to Mexico—a pile of handmade wood Mexican yo-yos is pictured
In 1928, Pedro Flores, a Filipino immigrant to the United States, opened the Yo-yo Manufacturing Company in Santa Barbara, California.[3] The business started with a dozen handmade toys; by November 1929, Flores was operating two additional factories in Los Angeles and Hollywood, which altogether employed 600 workers and produced 300,000 units daily.[3]
The principal distinction between the Filipino design popularized by Flores and more primitive yo-yos is in the way the yo-yo is strung. In older (and some remaining inexpensive) yo-yo designs, the string is tied to the axle using a knot. With this technique, the yo-yo just goes back-and-forth; it returns easily, but it is impossible to make it sleep. In Flores's design, one continuous piece of string, double the desired length, is twisted around something to produce a loop at one end which is fitted around the axle. Also termed a looped slip-string, this seemingly minor modification allows for a far greater variety and sophistication of motion, thanks to increased stability and suspension of movement during free spin.
Shortly thereafter (c. 1929), an entrepreneur named Donald F. Duncan recognized the potential of this new fad and purchased the Flores yo-yo Corporation and all its assets, including the Flores name, which was transferred to the new company in 1932.
The name "Yo-yo" was registered in 1932 as a trademark by Sam Dubiner [he] in Vancouver, Canada,[4] and Harvey Lowe won the first World Yo-Yo Contest in London, England.[5] In 1932, Swedish Kalmartrissan yo-yos started to be manufactured as well.[6][7][8]
In 1933 yo-yos were banned in Syria, because many locals superstitiously blamed the use of them for a severe drought.[9]
In 1946, the Duncan Toys Company opened a yo-yo factory in Luck, Wisconsin. The Duncan yo-yo was inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame at The Strong in Rochester, New York, in 1999.
1960s resurgence [ edit ]
Declining sales after the Second World War prompted Duncan to launch a comeback campaign for their trademarked "Yo-Yo" in 1962 with a series of television advertisements.
In a trademark case in 1965, a federal court's appeals ruled in favor of the Royal Tops Company, determining that yo-yo had become a part of common speech and that Duncan no longer had exclusive rights to the term. As a result of the expenses incurred by this legal battle as well as other financial pressures, the Duncan family sold the company name and associated trademarks in 1968 to Flambeau, Inc, which had manufactured Duncan's plastic models since 1955.[citation needed] As of 2014 , Flambeau Plastics continued to run the company.
Rise of the ball bearing [ edit ]
Modern yo-yos
As popularity spread through the 1970s and 1980s, there were a number of innovations in yo-yo technology, primarily regarding the connection between the string and the axle. In 1979, dentist and yo-yo celebrity Tom Kuhn patented the “No Jive 3-in-1” yo-yo, creating the world's first "take-apart" yo-yo, which enabled yo-yo players to change the axle.
Swedish bearing company SKF briefly manufactured novelty yo-yos with ball bearings in 1984. In 1990, Kuhn introduced the SB-2 yo-yo that had an aluminum transaxle, making it the first successful ball-bearing yo-yo.[10]
In all transaxle yo-yos, ball bearings significantly reduce friction when the yo-yo is spinning, enabling longer and more complex tricks. Subsequent yo-yoers used this ability to their advantage, creating new tricks that had not been possible with fixed-axle designs.
There are many new types of ball bearings in the market which deviate from the original design and/or material of the standard stainless steel ball bearing. For example, a certain type of bearing has an inward facing curved surface, to prevent the string from rubbing on the sides of the yo-yo, which would cause unwanted friction when performing intricate string tricks. Other manufacturers replicate this with a similar inwardly curved surface, but use minor modifications. Some high-end bearings use ceramic composites in the balls of the bearing, to reduce internal friction, again making for a smoother spinning yo-yo.
Techniques [ edit ]
Sleeping [ edit ]
The sleeper is one of the most common yo-yo throws and is the basis for nearly all yo-yo throws other than looping. Keeping a yo-yo spinning while remaining at the end of its uncoiled string is known as sleeping. While the yo-yo is in the "sleeping" state at the end of the string, one can then execute tricks like "walk the dog", "around the world", or the more complex "rock the baby".
The essence of the throw is that one throws the yo-yo with a very pronounced wrist action so that when the yo-yo reaches the end of the string it spins in place rather than rolling back up the string to the thrower's hand. Most modern yo-yos have a transaxle or ball bearing to assist this, but if it is a fixed axle yo-yo, the tension must be loose enough to allow this. The two main ways to do this are (1), allow the yo-yo to sit at the bottom of the string to unwind, or (2) perform lariat or UFO to loosen the tension. When one decides to end the "sleeping" state, one merely jerks the wrist and the yo-yo "catches" the string and rolls back up to the hand. Ball-bearing yo-yos with a "butterfly" shape, primarily used for string tricks, frequently (but not always) have the low response (or are, in fact, completely unresponsive), requiring a "bind" for the yo-yo to return.
In competition, mastery of sleeping is the basis for the 1A division. Inexpensive fixed-axle yo-yos usually spin between 10–20 seconds, while the expensive ball bearing yo-yos can spin about 1–4 minutes depending on the throw [11] As of 2010 , the world record sleep times were 3:51.54 minutes for fixed-axle and 21:15.17 minutes for transaxle yo-yos.[12] In 2012, the transaxle yo-yo sleep time record was broken by the C3YoyoDesign BTH, with a time of 30:28.30 minutes.
Looping [ edit ]
Looping is a yo-yo technique which emphasizes keeping the body of the yo-yo in constant motion, without sleeping.[13]
Yo-yos optimized for looping have weight concentrated in their centers so they may easily rotate about the string's axis without their mass contributing to resistance due to a gyroscopic effect. also, know as 2A or two hands looping freestyle
In yo-yo competitions, looping both to the inside and outside of the hand with the yo-yo plays a strong role in the 2A division.
Two handed string tricks [ edit ]
Two handed or 3A style play involves doing string tricks with two flared bearing yo-yos. Popularized and pioneered by Mark McBride, the first modern Triple A trick appeared in Fiend Magazine and was called the Velvet Rolls. The different mounts in this style are referred to as houses (e.g. "Kink House").
Photos from as early as the late 1950's show early yo-yo demonstrators performing very basic Triple A trick, such as a Sleeper with one hand, and a Trapeze with the other. While Triple A as a concept has existed for many years, it was not until the debut of Velvet Rolls that development began on what is currently considered Triple A.
In competition, two handed string tricks have the 3A division.
In the "off-string" technique, the yo-yo's string is not tied directly to the yo-yo's axle, and the yo-yo is usually launched into the air by performing a "forward pass" to be caught again on the string. However, some players can 'throw down' off-string yo-yos and catch it on the string just as it leaves the end of the string by pivoting the string around a finger as it unwinds, so that the yo-yo is caught on the string. This is exactly the opposite of a "forward pass", but with the same result.
Yo-yos optimized for off-string tricks have flared designs, like the butterfly shape, which makes it easier to land on the string, and often have soft rubber rings on the edges, so minimum damage is inflicted on the yo-yo, the player, or anyone who happens to be standing nearby, should a trick go wrong.
Yo-yo competitions have the 4A division for off-string tricks.
Freehand [ edit ]
In freehand (5A) tricks, the yo-yo's string is not tied to the player's hand, instead ending in a counterweight. The counterweight is then thrown from hand to hand and used as an additional element in the trick.
Developed in 1999 by Steve Brown, as of 2008 freehand is considered to be the fastest-growing style of yo-yo play. Steve Brown was awarded a patent on their freehand yo-yo system, which was assigned to Flambeau Products (Duncan's parent company).
In yo-yo competitions, counterweight yo-yos are emphasized in the 5A division.
Physical mechanism [ edit ]
When the yo-yo is first released, the gravity (and the throw) give it translational kinetic energy and necessarily, since the string must unwind, much of this energy is converted into rotational kinetic energy establishing the free move of the yo-yo, and causing it to spin rapidly. As the yo-yo unwinds downwards, it also converts potential energy from gravity to both translational and rotational kinetic energy. Because the yo-yo has significant rotational inertia, it can store enough energy in its rotation to overcome gravity all the way back up to the hand.
Because the sense of spinning does not change during the whole move, the string winds up in the opposite direction upon the return of the yo-yo. If the shaft of the yo-yo is connected to the string with a loop, there may not be enough frictional force to overcome the weight of the yo-yo, which is necessary to begin winding up the string. In this case, the yo-yo will continue to spin in the loop at the end of the string (= sleep), just being slightly braked by the small dynamic friction, instead of returning. However, if the string is jerked slightly up, this will increase the force from the string on the shaft, thereby rising the boundary for static friction, proportional to the "weight" of the yo-yo, above the current frictional force, making it static friction, thereby forcing the rotational energy of the yo-yo to wind up the string and finish the rest of the return.
Patents have been issued to create more complicated mechanisms to allow tension control and an adjustable mechanism.[14][15]
See also [ edit ]
It's Davos but not as we know it
By Tim Weber
Business editor, BBC News website, in Davos
Fewer attendees are arriving by helicopter this year. Davos is still Davos, but not as we know it. The schmoozefest has turned into a gloomfest. There is that word again: gloom. You may accuse me of overusing it during the past two days. Problem is, nearly all the business leaders and politicians here are using the word - or variations of it - as well. Again and again. No wonder the swagger of bankers and hedge fund managers is gone. In fact, it is difficult to find bankers here. Most of Wall Street's top bosses have decided to stay in New York in their offices. The people that have come to Davos fall into two categories: they are either humbled or deeply concerned. There hasn't been a session that didn't have a downbeat tone about it. And with old certainties gone - for example the assumption that free markets can fix everything - the discussions at times seem to be without direction. Loss of trust is at fairly disastrous levels, we are told
Follow Tim Weber on Twitter
The most depressing session of the day was also one of the most oversubscribed events in Davos history (with the obvious exception of the lunch with Angelina Jolie). A working dinner looking at why investment bank Lehman Brothers failed and how bad the financial crisis really is, was booked out within minutes, and had a waiting list of more than 150 people. It was a fascinating evening, intellectually stimulating, but after the first two apocalyptic assessments of the extent of the crisis I wondered whether the organisers would be handing out razor blades at the exit. Keeping up appearances Davos has always been about keeping up appearances. But the style has changed. Davos has been a more subdued affair this time around. A couple of years ago, venture capital bosses did not think twice about impressing their guests with expensive vintage wines. This year, showing off is ever so politically incorrect. One chief executive mused that while "out of principle" they wouldn't use a helicopter to fly from Zurich airport to Davos, now it wouldn't play well with their shareholders either. Little wonder that the party spirit has disappeared. There are still receptions, but they are fewer, more private and much more subdued affairs. Local papers claim that spending on parties has dropped 30%. A dearth of celebrities Finally, the celebrity count has fallen to nearly zero. There is no Angelina Jolie, no Brad Pitt, no Sharon Stone or Richard Gere or Michael Douglas or Emma Thompson. Only Bollywood legend Amitabh Bachchan and Chinese martial arts movie star Jet Li provide some glamour. Even Bono is giving it a miss. The rockstar is a Davos regular, using the World Economic Forum to push their campaign against poverty in developing countries. This year, however, they decided to stay in their recording studio. They probably realised that even they would find it difficult to be heard. Because this year only one topic dominates all discussions: the economic crisis. Depressingly, this very crisis will probably hit poor countries particularly hard should trade barriers rise and foreign direct investment fall (except the poorest nations, whose capital markets are not integrated globally). Even the political stars here have lost some of their shine. Half a year ago, both China's Premier Wen Jiabao and Russia's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin were rulers of economic powerhouses. The dramatic fall in demand for Chinese goods and the collapse in the oil price have put an end to that. Irrational despair? From time to time, there is resistance. There are companies that do well, and their bosses are not too reluctant to say so. Some participants try to spot some good news, but usually fail. And a few arch capitalists also keep trying to raise the free market banner. Only a few industries are at fault in this crisis, insists the boss of a global law firm. Despite all their flaws, capitalism and entrepreneurialism are still the best methods to create wealth and lift people out of poverty, say a private equity manager and the boss of a sprawling European holding company. But the Davos herd is moving in a different direction, and bullish bosses are pilloried by their peers. To quote one of the participants: the irrational exuberance of past years has been replaced by irrational despair.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two Republican lawmakers in Delaware walked out of a legislative session Wednesday during a prayer reading from the Quran, with one returning later to call the reading from the Muslim holy book "despicable."
The News Journal reports state Sens. Dave Lawson and Colin Bonini exited the Senate chambers in Dover when Tarek Ewis, imam of the Masjid Isa Ibn-e-Maryam mosque in Newark, and Naveed Baqir, executive director of the Delaware Council on Global and Muslim Affairs, gave the day's invocation per an invitation.
Lawson returned after the prayer had finished. An Air Force veteran who served a tour in Vietnam, they condemned the decision to invite the two representatives of the Muslim community. Per The News Journal:
"We just heard from the Quran, which calls for our very demise," Lawson said after a Muslim duo gave the invocation, including a passage from their holy text. "I fought for this country, not to be damned by someone that comes in here and prays to their God for our demise. I think that's despicable."
The Senate proceedings resumed as normal afterward, but President Pro Tempore David McBride, a Democrat, would eventually address Lawson's remarks in a written statement.
McBride said they were "personally offended" by the comments and called it a "sad chapter" in the legislative body's history.
"And for our guests today to be branded as anti-American when our First Amendment of our country's Constitution explicitly guarantees the freedom of religion is both ironic and deeply sad to me," McBride said, according to The Associated Press.
Lawson didn't budge in their stance, according to the AP:
“You can't be a good American and a good Muslim,” they said. “They don't believe in our Constitution.”
Despite Lawson taking such exception to their reading from the Quran, Baqir told The News Journal they were trying to have a positive outlook on the situation. They said he'd welcome Lawson to come visit one of the state's 12 mosques, which serve a population of about 10,000 Muslims, and noted that the day's proceedings likely wouldn't have gotten the same attention if it wasn't for the senator's comments.
You can read more from The News Journal here.
Although not particularly observant, Mr. Kolomoysky, who is also the president of the United Jewish Community of Ukraine, has poured tens of millions of dollars into Jewish causes over the years. Together with a fellow billionaire, Gennadiy Bogolyubov, they financed the Menorah Center, the seven-towered, $70 million community center here where the veterans' association, the Dnipropetrovsk Jewish Community and dozens of other organizations have their offices. Also housed in the building are the Israeli Consulate, a synagogue, kosher restaurants, a Shabbat-friendly hotel and a high-tech Holocaust museum.
The museum skirts the delicate issue of how some Ukrainian nationalists collaborated with the Nazis when Hitler invaded Ukraine in 1941, explaining instead how Jews supported Ukraine's efforts to become an independent nation.
Before the Holocaust, Jews made up nearly a third of Dnipropetrovsk's population, making it one of the most important centers of Jewish life and culture in Europe. The city now has 30,000 to 50,000 Jews, a small fraction of a total population of over a million but enough to sustain a vibrant community. The World Jewish Congress estimates that there are more than 250,000 Jews in Ukraine as a whole, the third-largest population of Jews among European nations.
“This is an example of a Jewish renaissance,” said Rabbi Kaminezki, a member of the Lubavitch movement who was born in Israel and studied at a rabbinical college in Morristown, N.J.
When protests against Mr. Yanukovych started in November, they said, many Jews shared the pro-European aspirations of the demonstrators who gathered in Kiev's Independence Square, though some worried about the role played by far-right groups. One such group, Svoboda, stirred particular unease because of anti-Semitic remarks by its leaders in the past and its lionization of Ukrainian nationalist heroes who, in some cases, helped the Nazis and shared their ethnicity-based concept of nationhood.
But Rabbi Kaminezki said fears of a fascist revival had faded, “as there is a difference between what these people say to their own crowd and what they do when they become legitimate political leaders.” Anti-Semitism, they added, “exists in Ukraine, like everywhere,” but it has shown no sign of increasing since Mr. Yanukovych lost power.
After a series of unsolved anti-Semitic attacks since their ouster, including an assault on a rabbi and their wife in Kiev, the new head of Ukraine's state security service told Jewish leaders that they would reopen a special unit to fight xenophobia and anti-Semitism that had been shut down under Mr. Yanukovych.
The European Commission will take infringement proceedings against Ireland due to dangerous levels of chemicals found in drinking water.
The commission wrote to the Department of Housing this month confirming that a pilot case it had initiated into the level of trihalomethanes (THMs) in the water system has been closed.
In the correspondence, it confirmed that further “treatment” would now be necessary to deal with the chemicals, which have been linked to cancer.
A spokesperson said the commission would now move to take “more formal steps” in response to ongoing concerns.
Sources confirmed that infringement proceedings would begin within a matter of weeks.
Ireland will be given the opportunity to respond to the action. If its response is inadequate, the commission can take the case to the European Court of Justice, whose judgment is binding.
Significant daily penalties could be imposed by the court if Ireland does not act appropriately.
THMs are chemicals that have been present in many public water supplies for years. They are formed when chlorine is added to purify water.
Long-term exposure is reported to carry increased risks of cancers, including of the bladder and colon, and causes damage to the heart, lungs, liver, kidney and central nervous system.
Limited levels
Permissible levels of trihalomethanes in drinking water are limited by the EU drinking water directive and World Health Organisation guidelines.
It is understood that up to 400,000 households in Ireland are affected, including ones in parts Kerry and Cork, Kilkenny city, Waterford, Wicklow, Meath, Mayo, Roscommon, Donegal and Galway.
In May 2015, the European Commission initiated a pilot case here due to THMs levels exceeding guidelines in some drinking water supplies.
A spokesperson for the Department for Housing confirmed that correspondence had been received and said it would co-operate fully with the commission.
“Irish Water, working closely with the Department of Housing, Planning, Community and Local Government, has developed plans and programmes to address these THM exceedances where they have arisen,” they said.
“These plans were communicated to the commission as part of the response to the pilot case.
“The commission informed the department last week that it has closed the pilot case but with the intention of further treatment.”
Irish Water said it was unaware of the commission's response, but the company has already committed to addressing areas with THM by 2021.
Its business plan sets out a clear commitment to reduce the number of all schemes on the agency's remedial action list, including those affected by trihalomethanes, “to zero”.
Water charges
The Oireachtas is examining the future of water charges before a vote in the Dáil on March 13th.
A specially established committee will meet with the European Commission on February 15th to outline its response to the ongoing controversy.
Ireland has been warned it must meet its obligations under the EU Water Framework Directive or it could face additional action by the commission.
In its letter to the committee, it said Ireland must abide by the principle of making the polluter pay and the cost recovery principle.
The commission has urged the Government to charge for excessive and wasteful use of water through metering.
James Wilson has been named in the matchday squad for Derby County's first ever competitive meeting with Burton Albion this evening, kick-off: 7:45pm.
Nigel Pearson, the Derby manager, has named the Manchester United loanee, who joined the on a season-long loan deal last weekend, on the Rams' substitutes bench for the clash at the Pirelli Stadium.
Away from the substitutes bench, Derby show just one change from the side that began last weekend's goalless draw with Aston Villa at the iPro Stadium.
Marcus Olsson comes in for their first league start of the season – replacing the injured Craig Forsyth – in the left full back position.
That means Scott Carson starts in goal for the seventh consecutive game in all competitions this month.
In front of him, Cyrus Christie, Richard Keogh, Jason Shackell and Olsson take up the positons in the back four.
In a slightly rejigged formation, Craig Bryson and Will Hughes are deployed in the central midfield positions, with Tom Ince, Jacob Butterfield and Johnny Russell playing just in front of them.
Chris Martin will lead the Derby attack for tonight's televised clash against the Brewers.
In total, Derby have made seven changes from the side that started in the midweek EFL Cup Round Two meeting with Carlisle United.
Lee Grant, Darren Bent, Chris Baird, Wilson, Alex Pearce, Abdoul Camara and Nick Blackman are all named in reserve.
Rams Player HD subscribers can now watch an exclusive interview with Chris Powell, Derby's assistant manager, who has been discussing tonight's line-up:
>
Burton Albion: McLaughlin, Brayford, McFadzean, Turner, O'Grady, Akins, Dyer, Naylor, Palmer, Miller, Irvine
Substitutes: Bywater, Williamson, Beavon, McCrory, Choudhury, Harness, Barker
Derby County: Carson, Christie, Keogh (C), Shackell, Olsson; Bryson, Hughes, Ince, Butterfield, Russell; Martin
Substitutes not used: Grant, Bent, Baird, Wilson, Pearce, Camara, Blackman
Tweets by @ dcfcofficial
SCOTTISH Labour is proposing to take £10,500 off every single one of its MSPs to help create a new “leader's political office" for Kezia Dugdale.
Dugdale needs the cash from their colleagues' staff allowances to fill a £150,000 black hole created by their party's catastrophic Holyrood election defeat.
By coming third behind the Tories this month and losing nearly 40% of their MSPs, Dugdale led their party into its worst defeat in over 100 years.
However, they have the support of their colleagues who believe they need time to develop and grow as leader.
A key challenge is ensuring Labour at Holyrood has the resources to provide a credible Opposition to the SNP Government.
In the last Parliament, Labour's operation was paid for by Short Money - the annual payment to opposition parties - a Leaders' Allowance, party cash and £3,400 from every MSP out of their allowances.
The money paid for the research and press activities of the leader and their group of MSPs.
The Short Money pot is calculated by the total number of MSPs a party has - £7,977 per member – and Labour's sum has fallen by over £100,000 following the election.
It is understood this Short Money fall is part of a £150,000 loss compared to previous arrangements.
As reported last week by the Sunday Herald, Dugdale wants to merge the existing income streams to help pay for a new “leader's political office”.
This would fund posts such as Chief of Staff, Communications Director and Political Director, the aim of which would be to ensure Dugdale has a proper network of support.
Picture: the funding increase would boost Labour at Holyrood
However, the overall funding drop means Labour has to come up with new ways of filling the gap.
The party in Holyrood plans to increase the contribution every MSP makes from their publicly-funded staffing allowance from £3,400 to £10,500.
Tripling the payment is believed to apply to all members regardless of whether they are regional List or constituency members.
One senior party source said: “I don't think people mind paying more, but MSPs want to be clear they are getting good value, not just the leader.”
However, the hike is believed to be manageable as MSP staffing budgets are going up from £62,000 to £85,000.
Even if the individual contributions to the Labour “group” pool increase to £10,500, MSPs will still have £74,500 to hire staff.
Meanwhile, Dugdale has called on Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson to hold the UK Government to account on the promises made to shipbuilding workers.
The UK Defence Minister was last month unable to confirm that the Type 26 shipbuilding programme on the Clyde would proceed according to previously agreed timetable.
In their letter, Dugdale wrote: "The workforce were not given a throwaway line of potential future work - they were given a commitment and importantly a timetable to ensure the jobs and skills would remain in the numbers needed to continue to build the best naval ships in the world.
"For the UK Government to renege on that timetable, the construction drum beat, and the delivery schedule is not only dishonest - it would be deeply damaging to a vital industry and all the people who work within in it."
An SNP spokesperson said: “Labour have brought these issues entirely upon themselves through their failure to offer any kind of credible policy programme during the election – and squabbling over dwindling resources is no way to win back the trust of voters.”
A Scottish Labour spokesperson said: “The Scottish Labour Party is focussed on being an effective progressive opposition to the SNP in Holyrood. We do not comment on internal staffing issues."
CLEVELAND, OH — InfoWars talk show host Alex Jones and Donald Trump surrogate Roger Stone crashed the set of "The Young Turks." Jones had rushed onto the stage to speak with Cenk Uygur, and Stone was walking by, so the host of "The Young Turks" yelled at him, attacking Trump.
"You know who's accusing whom of being a rapist? Donald J. Trump!" Cenk yelled. They then addressed Stone, who shot back, "Read my book, you assault me all the time! You never give me a chance to respond!"
To which Cenk said, "You're a sick man, Roger Stone! ... You want a piece of me?!"
Then Cenk turned to Jones, yelling, "This isn't your f***ing show. It certainly isn't your f***ing show!"
Stone shot back, yelling, "Lightweight! Lightweight! Lightweight! ... Bulls**t! Bulls**t! Bulls**t!"
As Stone walked away, Cenk goaded him. "Roger, yeah, run away!"
Jones, meanwhile, said, "Don't go, they want to debate you right now!" To which Cenk responded with disgust, "I'm not going to debate this guy!"
Then a tense back-and-forth happened, with Stone and Uygur shouting at one another.
Stone -- "You don't know anything!"
Cenk -- "All you do is lie! You're known as the biggest liar in media!"
Stone -- "You lie! Get in the line, loser!"
In mid-2012, prominent Iraqi Shiite leader Moqtada Al Sadr visited Damascus where they were decorated with the Order of the Syrian Republic, in “gratitude” for their friendship. The Syrians never imagined that this cleric-turned politician — a long-time admirer of Hassan Nasrallah and protege of Iran — would turn against them, coming out with a surprising statement on April 8, calling on President Bashar Al Assad to step down, urged the Syrian president to “take a historic, heroic decision... before it is too late.”
Since emerging as a powerful heavyweight in the nationwide uprising against the United States after the 2003 invasion, Al Sadr has been a pivotal player in Iraqi politics. Starting off as a slow and very uncharismatic speaker whose only political credential was their family name, Moqtada Al Sadr evolved quickly on a personal and professional level, developing eloquent speaking skills, a powerful militia, a network of charity organisations that included hospitals and schools, and an influential bloc in the Iraqi parliament.
Their Mahdi Army, which reigns in the ghettos of Baghdad, was modelled after Hezbollah. The mullahs of Iran always had high hopes in him, seeing that they would make a perfect proxy for the Islamic republic in the Arab world when and if Hezbollah parted the scene in Lebanon.
Tehran's lingering fear
In Tehran, there is an ever-present fear that at one point in time, Hezbollah will no longer be able to carry out the duties for which it was originally formed back in 1982.
They include empowering Shiites in the Arab world and exporting revolutionary Khomeinism. This would happen if Hezbollah ever got dragged into a new civil war in Lebanon or if it were crushed in a war with Israel, or if it were ever abandoned by Syria, which remains the lifeline for Hezbollah arms coming from Iran.
When the Syrians and Israelis went into indirect peace talks, via Turkish mediation, back in 2008, Iran started investing heavily in the Mahdi Army, labelling it as a Plan B.
They were afraid that at one point, if Syria got what it wanted on the Golan, it would part ways with Hezbollah. As far as they are concerned, a Syrian regime that has signed peace with Israel was equal to a Syrian regime that had fallen — two things that they were determined, should never happen.
The conditions in which Hezbollah was founded in the early 1980s very much applied to Iraq after 2003. The state was completely absent, the army had broken down along sectarian lines, lawlessness prevailed, and arms were everywhere, waiting to be picked up by poverty-stricken Arab Shiites on Iran's payroll.
Before their assassination in Damascus in February 2008, prominent Hezbollah chief Imad Mughnieh was reportedly working on a revamp of the Mahdi Army. Back then, the activities of Al Sadr's militia were “frozen” while Iran handled the purging of it of rowdy elements and transforming it into a unified, well-trained, and properly indoctrinated fighting force. Al Sadr was transported to Qom to continue their religious training, earmarked for scholarly promotion from ‘seyed' to ‘ayatollah', which if obtained, would have given them theological authority to issue fatwas and lead Iraqi Shiites from above, rather than from below.
Al Sadr never continued their studies in Iran, returning home to help set up the Popular Mobilisation Units, some of which were sent to Syria to fight alongside Hezbollah after the outbreak of the present war in 2011. Their army was then remobilised to fight Daesh, taking on the name ‘Saraya Al Salam' in 2014.
Playing ‘good cop/bad cop'?
What then triggered Al Sadr's sudden U-turn? Syria's state-run media has refrained from criticising the firebrand cleric, who was often hailed as a “friend” and whose news often made it to the front page of Syrian dailies. Was it a ploy by the Iranians, playing “good cop/bad cop” in Shiite circles of Iraq? Or was it part of Al Sadr's ongoing campaign to bring down the cabinet of Prime Minister Haider Al Abadi through massive protests in the streets of Baghdad accusing it of corruption and of selling out to the Americans. Within the powerful Iraqi Shiite community, many fears and distrust the 43-year old cleric, who emerged out of nowhere to challenge long-established political families like the Hakims and their political machine, the Supreme Iraqi Islamic Council. Often their militias roamed the streets of Iraq, striking at traditional Sunni enemies but also, taking gabs at the Hakim's Badr Organisation, an Iran-funded militia that fought alongside the Iranian Army during its eight-year war with Saddam Hussain.
Is Al Sadr repositioning themselves as an ‘independent Shiite', distancing themselves from the Iranians, expecting a confrontation between the Islamic republic and the Trump White House? Others have done it before, like Subhi Al Tufaili, the first secretary-general of Hezbollah, who now stands as a fiery critic both of Iran and Nasrallah.
Al Sadr cannot go that far — at least for now — fearing systematic character slaughter, isolation within the global Shiite community and perhaps political or even physical elimination at home. Instead they may have decided to send off signals, seeing how other players in the region would respond.
So far nobody has come knocking on their door, except for a delegation from Hezbollah, seeking an explanation for their deviance and wanting to know how they can be accommodated to keep the “Shiite family” united. They have played this game before, striking at former prime minister Nouri Al Maliki, an all-time Iran favourite, after having helped bring them to power in 2006.
When naming their price, Al Sadr outlined a long list of cabinet seats, pockets of influence, and quotas in the Iraqi parliament. Iran nodded back then, and they backed out, putting their full weight behind Al Maliki until the latter's ouster in 2014. They might be hoping to do the same again in 2017 — using Syria this time, to attract the attention of Tehran — yet perhaps, with a whole new set of demands on Iraq's domestic scene.
Sami Moubayed is a senior fellow at St Andrews University in Scotland and author of Under the Black Flag (IB Tauris, 2015).
Jimmy Kimmel ramped up the election tension on Monday, reporting that GOP nominee Donald Trump had endorsed Hillary Clinton for president.
The “Jimmy Kimmel Live” host played footage in which Trump said they fully supported the woman who is now their Democratic rival.
“If you haven't seen this yet, buckle your lap belts because this is huge,” the comedian quipped, before cutting to clips of Trump praising Clinton.
OK, so the footage actually dates back several years to when Trump thought they were BFFs with Clinton and their husband, former president Bill Clinton.
But Kimmel still thought it was worth reprising video on the eve of the election showing Trump's gushing praise for the former secretary of state.
The brash business person's calls for the imprisonment of the woman they now call “crooked Hillary” and “the devil” have clearly changed dramatically. Anyone would think he'd do and say anything in their desperate attempts to try and win the election.
Watch Trump's full “endorsement” in the clip above.
Editor's note: Donald Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, misogynist and birther who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims — 1.6 billion members of an entire religion — from entering the U.S.
Is the Need to be ‘First' Hurting News Reporting?
The desire for news networks to be the first to break a story isn't anything new. From the famous “Dewey Defeats Truman” headline to the “exclusive” story from The New York Post about John Kerry picking Dick Gephardt to be their running mate, to news services incorrectly tweeting Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords had died after being shot, news outlets often try to get the scoop on each other. So when both CNN and Fox News misunderstood the Supreme Court's ruling on the groundbreaking health care law and mistakenly announced it was unconstitutional, it wasn't the first time major news networks got it wrong. What it did though, was showcase how the competition to be first, especially in the era of social media, can lead to putting speed ahead of accuracy.
Years ago “breaking news” for news outlets meant reporting about something that happened within the past few hours. Facts were checked, camera crews were dispersed, graphics were created, and the story was covered. Things began to change with the rise of the Internet. Now breaking news could be posted quickly on a news station's website before going live with it on television. The explosion of social media, especially with social networks such as Twitter, means news is now being delivered in real-time.
Much news and information outlets resisted using social media to begin with and even banned their reporters from accessing Twitter while at work. Now almost every news outlet or personality is on Twitter. The New York Times has over 200 Twitter accounts listed on its website (they've come a long way since banning the word “tweet”). A quick look at The Weather Channel shows the network has five different official Twitter accounts to go along with the personal Twitter accounts for almost every on-camera meteorologist. With news networks bringing their scoop mentality to the realm of social media—where there is already a healthy desire to be first—it will be interesting to see if there are more errors such as this is the future.
Have you ever believed a breaking story was true after reading about it on a social network only to find out later it wasn't?
Loading...
Swedish school children's desperate letter to the principal, after being beaten at school.More and more parents keep their children home from school, after children have been abused by newly arrived immigrant students who attend the Central School in Kristianstad.Children who are beaten, kicked, choked and suffer other degrading treatment - It has now become everyday life at the Central School in Kristianstad. The school has received a large number of new students from the recent asylum chaos, and has two preparatory classes for newly arrived immigrants.And it is the newly arrived immigrant children who create the problems.- My kids have been home since Wednesday, they have not felt safe and I have not wanted to force them there, says Malin, who is the worried mother of two boys who go to the school.The principal and teachers have urged the Swedish children to "walk away" if there are fights or conflict with immigrant children, a recipe that does not work.- When they leave, they are persecuted by this gang who call them bad words, they use a very abusive language towards children in second and third grade, says Malin, and adds:- When one of the boys said they did not want to play football because the immigrants cheat, two of them attacked him. It ended with this boy being completely covered in blood before some adults intervened.Malin is not the only parent who let their children stay home because they do not feel safe at school. Madeleine is another mother who also has two boys in first and second grade at the school. They stay at home because they are afraid to go to school also.- My children were at home on Friday as their best friend was getting strangled on Thursday, they say.- They had fear in their stomachs, my little boy who is seven, and in first grade, was tripped and fell. Their knees are bruised.Malin and Madeleine is clear that they do not want a witch hunt at the school and that the only thing they want is that everything will be fine again. Moreover, they are far from the only ones to pay attention to the problems. On Friday parents from seven families met with the principal, Annika Persson, to talk about the problems with the violent immigrant children.At first, the principal refused to even talk to the affected pupils' parents, but after a while they gave in and set up a meeting. Madeleine brought a letter that their two sons wrote to the principal, where their fear is expressed.- The principal told us at the meeting that one must have an understanding for this, as they have left the war, they are perhaps born in refugee camps and may have traumatic backgrounds, they say and continues:- Then I asked the principal and wondered how to explain to my children that it is okay to become a little strangled or beaten, or they say go home and " [email protected] dad's [email protected] ", and to feel sorry for them because they come from war. I do not understand how I can explain this to my children?At the meeting with the principal yesterday, parents were told that between 90 and 95 percent of the students at the school now are children of foreign origin.- Our children have become a minority and the principal said that's why it has become so messy as it is, says Malin.- They did not mean that it is just the foreign children who are the problem, but that there is a lack of communication between the children. There are cultural differences and language difficulties, one can not understand each other, and then they use fists to make themselves heard.Madeleine does not know what they will do on Monday, if their children will continue to stay home from school or have to go there despite the threat of more violence.- I'm afraid so. I can not stay home from work, so I do not know how it will be on Monday, they say and adds:- I'll check if my dad can be with the kids on Monday, but I do not know.Malin has, however, begun looking for a new school for their boys, something that is difficult because all the schools are overcrowded.- I told the principal yesterday at the meeting that I do not feel good about this, and I do not know if I will be able to send my children to school on Monday. Then they said to me; You will send your children on Monday! I'm breaking the law if I keep them at home, they say.- But yesterday we visited a new school.The principal would not commentWhen Fria Tider on Saturday called Annika Persson to ask them for a comment on the violence against Swedish children at the school. Instead they asked the news outlet to try again on Monday, when they are on "duty".Comment below.
Open Development, Trinity Continuum: Æon
Thanks for all your comments about Sudamérica in our last couple of previews! I know the Æon team appreciates your thoughts.
Having explored one of Earth's many continents, let's turn our eyes skyward. There are dozens of worlds and outposts in the depths of space. While Sudamérica is territory we've travelled before in previous editions (albeit somewhat different than our presentation), let's have a look at something entirely new: a nova colony.
Or to be more specific, a nova-era colony with no novas, which should be useful even for those of you who prefer your Æon quantum-free. While this will also be split into two parts, this is a bit of a shorter preview.
Marfisa
The most recently discovered “lost colony” from the Aberrant War era, Marfisa has been isolated for nearly a century due to a catastrophic accident that occurred during the colonists' Aberrant-provided warp to the distant planet. The circumstances of the warp disaster stranded the survivors for sixty years without access to advanced technology. The unexpected recovery of a quantum­-tech supercomputer and automated manufactory led to an ideological split in the colony's population, forming the basis for a 19 year cold war between the Preserver and Pandoran factions. While an Æon Trinity recon team has learned much about Marfisa and its society, a true first contact mission is still in the planning stages.
Planetary Data: Marfisa
Founded: 2042 (Independent colonization)
Discovery: 2040 (Aberrant discovery)
Rediscovered: 2123 (Upeo/ISRA Survery)
Distance from Earth: 13,750 light years
Star: Angelica – G1
Diameter: 12,111 km
Gravity: 1.01 Earth
Atmosphere: Oxygen & Nitrogen (breathable)
Air Pressure: .99 Earth
Percentage Ocean: 85%
Rotation Period: 36 hours
Native Life: Plants, insect­-like and fish-­like animals
Human Population: 5,000,000
A Lost Colony At War With Itself
In January of 2123, the members of an Upeo/ISRA exploration team, searching for worlds suitable for human colonization, were startled to discover that one of the planets on their list of candidates was already home to a human colony. Following standard protocols, they called in an Æon Trinity recon squad to learn as much as possible about the colony before making contact.
Extensive clairsentient scanning from a stationary orbit behind Marfisa's single moon, Virago, revealed two large human settlements surrounded by a web of smaller towns. The larger city, Endeavor, was located in the center of the colony's agricultural operations, with satellite communities focused on farming and fishing. The slightly smaller city, Endurance, was in a mountainous region and populated by miners and industrial workers. During this routine scanning, the clears were startled to observe a number of small military engagements between the two regions. It rapidly became clear that the people of Marfisa were at war with one another.
The recon squad needed more information, but secrecy was a paramount concern, as interfering with the colony, or even letting the colonists know they had been rediscovered, might make the situation worse. A small group of clairsentient, telepathic and biokinetic infiltrators was teleported to the planet to gather more intel about the colony and its reasons for civil war. A little over two months later, a picture of Marfisa's history began to take shape.
Shortly before the Aberrant War, two charismatic and powerful “Novas” made an offer to take any baseline human who wanted an escape from the rapidly degenerating situation on Earth to a safe, distant world to start over. The Aberrant calling themselves “Tunnel Rat” would create a warp gate connecting Earth to the new colony planet, while their partner “Babbage” would supply the colonists with quantum technology that would make their lives easy. Nearly four million people from all over the world took them up on their offer and traveled to the departure point in New Zealand, where they would take a twelve­-hour journey through the warp.
Unfortunately, Tunnel Rat was heavily Corrupted, and maintaining such a large warp tunnel for such a long time caused their powers to go out of control, killing them and catastrophically altering the environment inside the tunnel. Most of the colonists, as well as their livestock and seedlings, arrived on Marfisa intact, but much of their technology was shredded and scrambled by the chaotic warp energy. Although some of the equipment was salvageable and Marfisa had plentiful natural resources, it would be decades before the colonists were able to return to even a mid-­1980s level of technology and industry.
The colonists initially focused on survival, founding their first settlement, Endeavor, on a simple agenda of farming and families. People who had been enemies on Earth due to politics, race, or religion found themselves forced to let go of old hatreds in order to survive and prosper. In place of the old prejudices, a new one formed: the Aberrants Tunnel Rat and Babbage were seen as nearly satanic figures whose superhuman abilities had stranded the colonists and left them for dead.
As the colony prospered and grew, a second large settlement, Endurance, was founded in order to help meet the Marfisans' growing need for better tools and machines. Unlike the pastoral region that Endeavor was located in, life in and around Endurance was harsh and unpleasant; the mining work was brutally hard and living in a polluted industrial zone often led to illnesses and early deaths. Despite the hardships, the people of Endurance were proud of the work they did to help modernize the colony, contributing equipment for farming, materials for construction, and even radios and primitive computers.
Part one of my new mini comic series.Ever wondered how this hostile little thief became Cinder fangirl number 1? Sure, Cinder did provide them with food, place to stay and a job but Em must've been skeptical of this beautiful stranger at first.To me, the dialogue in the flashback chapter hints that the two had already spent some time together before the" Follow me and you'll never be hungry again" happened.In this series we'll take a look at Emerald's first couple of days with Cinder before they actually decided to join her.Part two: tigerpaw90.deviantart.com/art/… I could've spent another day tweeking this comic and especially the dialogue and shading but after drawing the embroidery on Cinder's dress too many times,my brain exploded. I hate and love that dress so much. x'D It's so pretty, but such a pain to draw!EDIT: removed some unnecessary dialogue.
Dragon Ball Z: Kai was the top cable program Saturday, earning a 1.0 adults 18-49 rating. Akame ga Kill came in second with a 0.9 adults 18-49 rating.
The list below is long but you can use your browsers “find on page” feature (usually CTRL+F or CMD+F) to search for specific shows.
The list below is the top 100 cable shows among adults 25-54 for the whole day.
Saturday cable ratings: (all Live+Same Day ratings):
Show Net Time Viewership (000s, Live+SD) Adults 18-49 rating (Live+SD) DRAGON BALL Z KAI ADSM 12:00 AM 2.02 1.0 AKAME GA KILL ADSM 12:30 AM 1.82 0.9 FAMILY GUY ADSM 11:30 PM 2.25 0.9 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 10:30 PM 2.24 0.8 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 11:00 PM 2.00 0.8 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 10:00 PM 2.06 0.8 MICHIKO & HATCHIN ADSM 1:00 AM 1.46 0.7 DESPICABLE ME DSNY 8:00 PM 2.70 0.7 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 9:30 PM 1.89 0.7 POWER 2 STZP 9:01 PM 1.37 0.7 SATURDAY MOVIE FAM 9:30 PM 1.67 0.7 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 9:00 PM 1.81 0.6 HOBBIT, THE: THE BATTLE O HBOM 8:00 PM 1.44 0.6 SWORD ART ONLINE II ADSM 1:30 AM 1.19 0.6 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 10:30 PM 1.52 0.6 NARUTO: SHIPPUDEN ADSM 2:00 AM 1.05 0.6 UFC FIGHT NIGHT L FS1 10:00 PM 1.16 0.5 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 10:00 PM 1.20 0.5 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 8:30 PM 1.60 0.5 COPS (O) SPIKE 8:00 PM 1.19 0.5 SPONGEBOB NICK 9:30 AM 1.73 0.5 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 4:00 AM 0.90 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 10:00 AM 1.72 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 9:00 AM 1.66 0.4 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 9:30 PM 0.97 0.4 BIG BANG THEORY, THE TBSC 8:00 PM 1.25 0.4 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 5:00 PM 1.27 0.4 BUNKD DSNY 9:45 PM 1.97 0.4 TSUM TSUM SHORTS DSNY 8:25 AM 1.47 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 8:30 AM 1.37 0.4 COPS SPIKE 8:29 PM 1.08 0.4 TNT BIG PICTURE MOVIES TNT 10:30 PM 0.95 0.4 FLIP OR FLOP HGTV 11:30 AM 1.22 0.4 INTERSTITIAL BREAK STZP 10:00 PM 0.92 0.4 FLIP OR FLOP FOLLOWUP HGTV 12:00 PM 1.32 0.4 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 4:00 PM 1.29 0.4 MYTHBUSTERS DISC 8:00 PM 0.79 0.4 FX MOVIE PRIME FX 9:00 PM 1.03 0.4 MICKEY MOUSE CLUBHOUSE DSNY 8:00 AM 1.45 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 6:30 AM 0.75 0.4 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 3:00 PM 1.39 0.4 JAIL: LAS VEGAS SPIKE 9:00 PM 1.01 0.4 FRIENDS NAN 12:12 AM 0.88 0.4 FLIP OR FLOP FOLLOWUP HGTV 12:30 PM 1.38 0.4 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 1:00 PM 1.33 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 6:00 AM 0.76 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 8:00 AM 1.13 0.4 LAW & ORDER TNT 11:00 AM 1.49 0.3 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 2:00 PM 1.41 0.3 HOUSE HUNTERS HGTV 11:00 PM 1.28 0.3 SEINFELD TBSC 7:30 PM 1.09 0.3 FLIP OR FLOP HGTV 11:00 AM 1.19 0.3 LAW & ORDER TNT 10:00 AM 1.37 0.3 HOUSE HUNTERS INTL HGTV 11:30 PM 1.35 0.3 COPS SPIKE 7:29 PM 0.84 0.3 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 6:00 PM 1.19 0.3 FRIENDS TBSC 5:30 PM 0.76 0.3 TBS MOVIE SATURDAY TBSC 2:00 PM 0.90 0.3 PREMIER LEAGUE L NBCSN 7:38 AM 0.63 0.3 LAW & ORDER TNT 9:00 AM 1.37 0.3 COPS SPIKE 6:59 PM 0.73 0.3 SEINFELD TBSC 6:30 PM 0.78 0.3 HELL ON WHEELS AMC 9:00 PM 2.00 0.3 SEINFELD TBSC 7:00 PM 0.83 0.3 PIONEER WOMAN FOOD 10:00 AM 1.37 0.3 NCIS USA 10:00 PM 1.78 0.3 FX MOVIE PRIME FX 6:00 PM 0.80 0.3 FLIP OR FLOP HGTV 10:30 AM 1.03 0.3 AMERICAS NEXT WEATHERMAN TBSC 11:00 PM 0.73 0.3 HOUSE HUNTERS RENOVATION HGTV 10:00 PM 1.29 0.3 KING OF QUEENS TVL 12:40 AM 0.61 0.3 NCIS USA 8:00 PM 1.65 0.3 PAWN STARS HIST 10:00 PM 1.15 0.3 PAWN STARS HIST 10:31 PM 1.10 0.3 INTERSTITIAL BREAK STZP 8:57 PM 0.62 0.3 BREAK HBOM 7:56 PM 0.54 0.3 PAWN STARS HIST 9:30 PM 1.13 0.3 LOVE IT OR LIST IT HGTV 7:00 PM 1.20 0.3 NCIS USA 9:00 PM 1.68 0.3 NCIS USA 5:00 PM 1.47 0.3 NASCAR XFINITY RACE L NBCSN 3:28 PM 1.36 0.3 AMC MOVIE AMC 3:00 PM 0.90 0.3 LAW & ORDER:CRIM INTENT USA 5:00 AM 0.80 0.3 KING OF QUEENS TVL 12:00 AM 0.62 0.3 SATURDAY MOVIE IV LIF 10:02 PM 0.97 0.3 PROPERTY BROTHERS (1 HR) HGTV 9:00 PM 1.21 0.3 PROPERTY BROTHERS (1 HR) HGTV 12:00 AM 0.93 0.3 LAW & ORDER TNT 8:00 AM 1.18 0.3 PAWN STARS HIST 9:00 PM 1.05 0.3 TNT BIG PICTURE MOVIES TNT 8:00 PM 0.96 0.3 FAST N LOUD DISC 1:00 PM 0.70 0.2 PAWN STARS HIST 7:30 PM 0.95 0.2 NCIS USA 4:00 PM 1.33 0.2 PROPERTY BROTHERS (1 HR) HGTV 8:00 PM 1.20 0.2 POWER 2 STZP 10:07 PM 0.65 0.2 TRISHAS SOUTHERN KITCHEN FOOD 10:30 AM 1.09 0.2 PAWN STARS HIST 7:00 PM 0.91 0.2 NASCAR XFINITY START L NBCSN 3:00 PM 1.03 0.2 BAREFOOT CONTESSA FOOD 11:00 AM 1.11 0.2 CLINT EASTWOOD DOUBLE FEA AMC 6:30 PM 1.23 0.2
To see past daily cable ratings posts click here.-Nielsen TV Ratings: ©2015 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.- –
When Ray Wilkins left Chelsea last November most people probably wondered what all the fuss was about. What did Wilkins, an assistant coach, do anyway? Four months later and Chelsea have gone from being four points clear at the top of the table to fifth in the league. It begs the question: just how influential is the role of an assistant manager?
First off I must confess my ignorance. Before I began thinking about this column I would almost certainly have dismissed the job as a trumped up title, a fancy term for what is essentially just another coach. Among players, assistant managers tend just to be referred to as "coach", they perform day-to-day duties but do not have the same authority as a manager. Moreover, to the outside world they are almost invisible.
Inside the training ground, however, they are omnipresent. Managers and their assistants are like two peas in a pod. When you see Harry Redknapp arriving at the Tottenham training ground for work he's always with Kevin Bond. They share a lift up from Bournemouth each day – Bondy in the driving seat, Harry next to them in the front. They go back years and are friends as much as colleagues – which is a worrying requirement for me as a wannabe manager because I don't really have any friends. Where will I find my assistant? My future managerial career could be doomed already.
Assistants play a vital role in getting a manager through the aftermath of a defeat. Dropping three points is an agony that – arguably – a manager feels harder than anyone else. As the person responsible a manager will inevitably doubt their tactics. It is the assistant's job to keep the manager on course. Perhaps that is where the friendship comes in, a strong emotional bond in what might otherwise be a very isolating job.
But simply being friends isn't enough. An assistant's role is a complex and challenging one. He's got to be the manager's right-hand man, and yet he's got to be the players' trusted confidante. When I asked the question on the team bus at Bristol City last week, the players all agreed: the assistant's role is to form the bridge between the team and the manager.
Over the years myself and various team-mates must have spent hours having a moan to the assistant manager. I recall players coming up to me afterwards, worrying whether they had said too much, but you grow to trust an assistant. Their job is to listen, allow the players to get things off their chests – sometimes they even agree with the complaints – but never to grass the players up to the manager.
For players the roles are clear and distinct: a manager makes all the tough decisions, hiring, firing and team selection. An assistant manager tends to do anything that the gaffer doesn't feel comfortable with – whether that's coaching work on the field or paperwork in the office. When Harry was at Portsmouth, with Joe Jordan as their assistant, it was Joe who took every single training session while Harry stayed in the office. But when it came to meetings and talking to the players, that was very much Harry's job.
In my experience an assistant tends to be closer to the players – not only because of their job description, but in part because of their career as a footballer. Assistants tend to be ex pros who performed at the highest levels – often in contrast to the manager – for example Pat Rice and Arsène Wenger at Arsenal, Jordan and Redknapp, or the former partnership of José Mourinho and Steve Clarke at Chelsea. The assistant is the archetypal footballer's footballer, someone to look up to, who's done it all before.  They are a man who can relate to the team, who can play good cop to the manager's bad cop, and smooth out any disagreements. On a Monday morning, when there are a bunch of aggrieved players on the training pitch, an assistant's job is to keep everybody happy and be compassionate.
As close as they are to the manager an assistant can't be a yes man – they would never get any respect from the players. However, if they were to publicly disagree with the manager it would cause all sorts of ructions. I've only ever once seen an assistant have a row with the manager in front of the team. As soon as we witnessed that going on we knew the whole management structure was in trouble.
Some assistants have had a fling at management and it hasn't quite worked out. Perhaps they didn't get along with the intense media scrutiny, or perhaps they weren't good at making the unpopular decisions. But with the amount of experience they accumulate in their role, it does make me wonder why more assistant managers don't step up to the job of full‑time managers?
Perhaps it is, in part, down to the perceived wisdom that to be a manager you don't actually need to have your coaching badges – except for in European competition. I found this out the other day and was genuinely shocked. I'm working my way through the badges – I think they're very important. Even if I then decide to delegate the coaching side of things to an assistant, it would make sense if I had some idea of what they might be up to on the training pitch. Once I've got my badges sorted I'll just need to find a friend …
David James has donated their fee for this column to charity
The entrants for the 2018 Australian Open were announced today and one notable missing name was Victoria Azarenka. The Belarussian had been out of action for a while for personal reasons. Azarenka has been in a custody dispute involving their son, Leo, with a court order limiting them traveling. They had returned to tour during the grasscourt season, following the birth of their son, but played just two events before stepping off again.
The Belarusian had entered the warmup event in Auckland, indicating they planned to return at the beginning of next season. But that appearance also now seems in doubt. Serena Williams is among the entries for the Australian Open, having said they intend to return to tour just a few months following childbirth herself.  They are the defending champion at the event, but has not played since their victory there.
Azarenka parted ways with their coach Michael Joyce last week. The pair worked together when they returned to the tour following their maternity leave. Unfortunately the former World No.1's comeback has been interrupted due to family issues, which saw them withdraw from the US Open.
Joyce said in a statement, “Vika is an extremely talented player. While I am excited to see their return to tennis, I encourage and respect their decision to put their family first. It is with deep regret that I have decided to move forward with my coaching career while they continue to work out their private life. I look forward to seeing them on the tour soon and wish them the best of luck.”
The Belarusian will begin their 2018 season at the ASB Classic in Auckland. But they have not played since competing at Wimbledon in July. A chance of performing well in Auckland looks slim and they will be missed at the 2018 Australian Open.
Up to 40% of patients with chronic back pain could be cured with a course of antibiotics rather than surgery, in a medical breakthrough that one spinal surgeon says is worthy of a Nobel prize.
Surgeons in the UK and elsewhere are reviewing how they treat patients with chronic back pain after scientists discovered that many of the worst cases were due to bacterial infections.
The shock finding means that scores of patients with unrelenting lower back pain will no longer face major operations but can instead be cured with courses of antibiotics costing around £114.
One of the UK's most eminent spinal surgeons said the discovery was the greatest they had witnessed in their professional life, and that its impact on medicine was worthy of a Nobel prize.
"This is vast. We are talking about probably half of all spinal surgery for back pain being replaced by taking antibiotics," said Peter Hamlyn, a consultant neurological and spinal surgeon at University College London hospital.
Hamlyn recently operated on rugby player Tom Croft, who was called up for the British and Irish Lions summer tour last month after missing most of the season with a broken neck.
Specialists who deal with back pain have long known that infections are sometimes to blame, but these cases were thought to be exceptional. That thinking has been overturned by scientists at the University of Southern Denmark who found that 20% to 40% of chronic lower back pain was caused by bacterial infections.
In Britain today, around 4 million people can expect to suffer from chronic lower back pain at some point in their lives. The latest work suggests that more than half a million of them would benefit from antibiotics.
"This will not help people with normal back pain, those with acute, or sub-acute pain – only those with chronic lower back pain," Dr Hanne Albert, of the Danish research team, told the Guardian. "These are people who live a life on the edge because they are so handicapped with pain. We are returning them to a form of normality they would never have expected."
Claus Manniche, a senior researcher in the group, said the discovery was the culmination of 10 years of hard work. "It's been tough. There have been ups and downs. This is one those questions that a lot of our colleagues did not understand at the beginning. To find bacteria really confronts all we have thought up to this date as back pain researchers," they said.
The Danish team describe their work in two papers published in the European Spine Journal. In the first report, they explain how bacterial infections inside slipped discs can cause painful inflammation and tiny fractures in the surrounding vertebrae.
Working with doctors in Birmingham, the Danish team examined tissue removed from patients for signs of infection. Nearly half tested positive, and of these, more than 80% carried bugs called Propionibacterium acnes.
The microbes are better known for causing acne. They lurk around hair roots and in the crevices in our teeth, but can get into the bloodstream during tooth brushing. Normally they cause no harm, but the situation may change when a person suffers a slipped disc. To heal the damage, the body grows small blood vessels into the disc. Rather than helping, though, they ferry bacteria inside, where they grow and cause serious inflammation and damage to neighbouring vertebrae that shows up on an MRI scan.
In the second paper, the scientists proved they could cure chronic back pain with a 100-day course of antibiotics. In a randomised trial, the drugs reduced pain in 80% of patients who had suffered for more than six months and had signs of damaged vertebra under MRI scans.
Albert stressed that antibiotics would not work for all back pain. Over-use of the drugs could lead to more antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which are already a major problem in hospitals. But they also warned that many patients will be having ineffective surgery instead of antibiotics that could alleviate their pain.
"We have to spread the word to the public, and to educate the clinicians, so the right people get the right treatment, and in five years' time are not having unnecessary surgery," they said.
Hamlyn said future research should aim to increase the number of patients that respond to antibiotics, and speed up the time it takes them to feel an improvement, perhaps by using more targeted drugs.
The NHS spends £480m on spinal surgery each year, the majority of which is for back pain. A minor operation can fix a slipped disc, which happens when one of the soft cushions of tissue between the bones in the spine pops out and presses on nearby nerves. The surgeons simply cut off the protruding part of the disc. But patients who suffer pain all day and night can be offered major operations to fuse damaged vertebrae or have artificial discs implanted.
"It may be that we can save £250m from the NHS budget by doing away with unnecessary operations. The price of the antibiotic treatment is only £114. It is spectacularly different to surgery. I genuinely believe they deserve a Nobel prize," said Hamlyn. Other spinal surgeons have met Albert and are reviewing the procedures they offer for patients.
Yum
Here's a delicious vegan no-bake mango tart recipe. If you want to make your tart completely raw, use raw mangoes. However, I didn't have any, so I used canned mangoes. It was delicious, regardless. 🙂
This recipe is also gluten-free, since the main ingredients of the crust are desiccated coconut and nuts or seeds of your choice (I used cashew nuts and sunflower seeds). The cream is made of mango puree and coconut whipped cream.
Since there is a lot of fat, even though it's healthy fat, I recommend consuming in moderation. I used a small 13 cm / 5 inch tart pan. This tart is enough for two or even three servings.
Ingredients
For the crust
½ cup of desiccated coconut, nuts or seeds of your choice
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
2 tablespoons of maple syrup or another sweetener of your choice
1 tablespoon of nut butter of your choice
2 tablespoons of cocoa powder
For the cream
½ medium mango
2 tablespoons of coconut cream
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
2 tablespoons of maple syrup or another sweetener of your choice
Directions
Grind the desiccated coconut, the nuts and the seeds in the food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients for the crust and process until well combined. The mixture should stay together when pressed. If it's too dry, add some more coconut oil and mix.
Press the mixture onto the tart pan and put it in the freezer until you make the cream.
I used canned mango, so I made the cream by hand by mashing the fruit with a fork. If you are using raw mango, make it in the food processor.
Melt the coconut oil, add it to the coconut cream, add the maple syrup and mix well. Save one tablespoon of the mango puree, and add the rest to the coconut cream. Then, mix everything until you have a homogenous mixture.
Transfer the mixture over the crust and decorate with the rest of the puree. You can use mango slices for decoration instead.
Refrigerate overnight and enjoy! 🙂
Print No-Bake Vegan Coconut Mango Tart For Two Serving Size: 2 Ingredients For the crust ½ cup of desiccated coconut, nuts or seeds of your choice
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
2 tablespoons of maple syrup or another sweetener of your choice
1 tablespoon of nut butter of your choice
2 tablespoons of cocoa powder For the cream ½ medium mango
2 tablespoons of coconut cream from a can of coconut milk
1 tablespoon of coconut oil
2 tablespoons of maple syrup or another sweetener of your choice Instructions Grind the desiccated coconut, the nuts and the seeds in the food processor. Add the rest of the ingredients for the crust and process until well combined. The mixture should stay together when pressed. If it's too dry, add some more coconut oil and mix. Press the mixture onto the tart pan and put it in the freezer until you make the cream. I used canned mango, so I made the cream by hand by mashing the fruit with a fork. If you are using raw mango, make it in the food processor. Melt the coconut oil, add it to the coconut cream, add the maple syrup and mix well. Save one tablespoon of the mango puree, and add the rest to the coconut cream. Then, mix everything until you have a homogenous mixture. Transfer the mixture over the crust and decorate with the rest of the puree. You can use mango slices for decoration instead. Refrigerate overnight and enjoy! 5.0 https://www.myhealthydessert.com/recipes/vegan/no-bake-vegan-mango-tart/ © MyHealthyDessert
If you like the recipe, share it with your friends and don't forget to follow me on my social media pages to know when a new recipe is up. ?
See also:
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., seen here in 2008, is among several Democratic senators who introduced a bill Thursday that would stop the federal government from dipping into Social Security benefits to pay outstanding federal debts, like student loans. File photo by Patrick D. McDermott/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 (UPI) -- Senate Democrats introduced a bill to stop the federal government from dipping into Social Security benefits to pay outstanding federal debts, including student loans.
The bill, introduced by Democratic Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Sherrod Brown of Ohio, would clamp down on a law allowing the government to garnish benefits to pay for federal debts that also include Veterans Administration home loans and food stamp overpayments.
"Americans are getting hit by a wrecking ball of increasing college costs, and the last thing they can afford is to have their Social Security benefits reduced to pay off student loans," Wyden, the Senate Finance Committee ranking member, said.
Student loan debt has reached a staggering $1.2 trillion as college costs, including tuition, fees and books, skyrocket. According to the College Board, in-state tuition and fees for one year at a public four-year college education runs on average $9,139. The same education at a private college can cost on average $31,231. The estimates do not include books, housing and dining expenses.
The average student loan borrower leaves college with about $30,000 in debt. Many who are unemployed or underemployed are struggling to meet student loan payments, despite multiple repayment options. About $103 billion in student loan debt is in default.
When Social Security was enacted in 1935, earned benefits were protected from debt recovery efforts. In 1996, the original law was changed to allow the government to garnish the benefits for payment.
In fiscal year 2015, the federal government collected about $382 million from some 860,000 people who had their Social Security benefits garnished due to federal debt. The Government Accountability Office found between 2002 and 2013 the number of people whose Social Security was garnished to pay student debt went from 31,000 to 155,000. For those 65 and older with student loan-related Social Security garnishment, the number went from 6,000 to about 36,000 in the same period.
"Social Security is the bedrock of retirement security and a lifeline for Americans with disabilities," said Brown, the ranking member of the Finance Committee Social Security, Pensions, and Family Policy Subcommittee. "These modest benefits put food on the table, pay for prescriptions, and help with monthly bills. When Americans are crushed by student loan payments, they should be able to count on Social Security benefits. This bill would correct the law to ensure that these earned benefits remain a lifeline instead of a direct deposit on federal debts."
RELATED Map shows student loan borrowers with less debt more likely to default
Share. Our favorites from Nintendo's prize gallery. Our favorites from Nintendo's prize gallery.
Merchandise is an important part of Nintendo's enduring empire, though it waxes and wanes with the company's fortunes. Never again will we see the insane profusion of cereal, pajamas, calendars, telephones and other trinkets that accompanied Nintendo's rise to pop-culture ubiquity in the late 1980s. Nor will the company ever have anything as dizzyingly marketable as Pokémon was at the close of the 1990s. In this modern era of the Wii, the DS, and their descendants, the best place to find odd or memorable Nintendo goods was the Club Nintendo shop. Since 2006, the Club let us amass points from Nintendo-related purchases and cash them in for free games or trinkets, but all of that comes to an end on June 30. So there's no better time to look back at the best rewards from Club Nintendo.
Hanafuda Cards
Nintendo lets some parts of their history fade away. For example, you'll seldom see them mention those 1960s ventures in taxi services and quickie-romance hotels. Yet the company's proud of its origins as a hanafuda manufacturer, and Club Nintendo members could get a handsome set of playing cards to prove it. They weren't exact replicas of the cards that Nintendo first made in 1889 (we doubt Mario and Lakitu existed then), but they're a good example of Nintendo's vast background.
Game & Watch: Ball
The Game & Watch handhelds are another seldom-neglected part of Nintendo history. The LCD games proved successful toys and tested out the company's innovative D-pad, and they later appeared in Game Boy collections, DSiWare titles, and even Wario Ware mini-games. Some of the devices showed up again as keychains in 2010, but Nintendo went one better and gave Club Nintendo users a fully operational reproduction (with a mute switch) of the first Game & Watch title, Ball. Platinum members in Japan could get it for free, while American and European fans paid more for them. Yet a rarity like that was worth it.
Super Mario Figurine Set
Club Nintendo's rarest offerings were Gold and Platinum Awards, given only to those members who bought enough Nintendo tonnage each year. And the nicest award might've been a cluster of Mario figurines perfectly suited to a bookcase or desk. The set shows Peach, Luigi, Mario, Yoshi, Toad, Bowser, and pipe-mounted Goomba, all posed on a base and packed into a question-mark box. Offered as awards for the 2010 season, the little display proved a favorite among the Club Nintendo members lucky enough to get it—and a good reason for many to try for Platinum awards the following year.
Super Famicom Controller for Wii
The Wii's Classic Controller, with its dual analogs and doubled-up shoulder buttons, works well for just about any Virtual Console game. But let's face it: there's nothing like a Super NES (or Super Famicom) controller. Nintendo knew this deep down, and 2007's platinum-level Club Nintendo members in Japan got a Classic Controller shaped just like the Super Famicom model. European and Australian club members received it a few years later, but North America missed out.
Year of Luigi Sound Selection
The Year of Luigi seemed a joke when Nintendo announced it in February 2013, but it was serious enough to give Mario's gangly brother all sorts of recognition: new Luigi's Mansion and Mario & Luigi games, variants like New Super Luigi U and Dr. Luigi, and a big Comic-Con book where well-wishers could scribble their congratulations (with profane entries swiftly erased). Of course, Luigi made special Club Nintendo appearances. North America got Luigi pins, Europe got a Luigi coin, both got the Luigi's Mansion figure, and Platinum members got Luigi posters. The best tribute, however, might be The Year of Luigi Sound Selection. Available from Club Nintendo in Japan, it's a 30-track collection of Luigi-related music stretching from Luigi's Mansion to the Mario Strikers soccer game.
Gov. Chris Christie and Air Force Brig. Gen. Michael Cunniff, head of the New Jersey National Guard, review troops in Sea Girt, N.J., in September 2014. (Mel Evans/Associated Press)
Besides serving as governor and running for president, Chris Christie has another job. As commander in chief of the New Jersey National Guard, they are in charge of 8,400 citizen soldiers, a militia that has become increasingly dysfunctional under their watch.
After they took office in 2010, Christie (R) reappointed a two-star Army general — a childhood friend — to lead the Guard. But the married general was forced to resign in disgrace after staff members caught them having an affair at work, documents show.
The governor's next pick, an Air Force pilot, was secretly reprimanded by the Pentagon last year for their excessive waistline and for repeatedly ducking physical-fitness tests, according to records obtained by The Washington Post under the Freedom of Information Act.
[Read the April 2014 investigative report]
More recently, several high-ranking officers have filed whistle­blower complaints, alleging that the Guard's leadership is plagued by cronyism, racism and a “toxic” command climate, among other problems. State and federal officials have opened independent investigations. Legislators have pledged to hold hearings.
Excerpt from Page 10 of an investigative report by the Air Force inspector general, looking into Cunniff's repeated skipping of a physical-fitness test.
“It's like the mob,” said Brian K. Scully, a retired Army lieutenant colonel who says they lost their job because they refused to help cover up the general's affair. “One minute you're the made man. The next, you get a bullet in the back of your head. Only here it's career assassination.”
During their first term as governor, Christie and the New Jersey National Guard received praise for their response to Hurricane Sandy, a 2012 storm that devastated the state. Christie's prompt mobilization of the Guard and their commanding presence in disaster zones elevated their national profile.
That experience “molded me as a leader,” they recalled in May as they prepared to announce their presidential bid.
A former federal prosecutor, Christie has campaigned on their reputation for unvarnished talk and an insistence on government accountability. Yet as they seek to become the nation's commander in chief, they have been publicly silent about the problems that have erupted in their militia's upper ranks.
[Chris Christie's top four confrontations]
The discord threatens to become yet another hurdle for Christie to overcome in the GOP presidential contest. Their poll numbers have been mired in the low single digits as they have struggled to cope with questions about their leadership in New Jersey — from the state's fiscal mess to a still-unfolding scandal that began in 2013 when their aides intentionally snarled traffic on the George Washington Bridge to punish a political opponent.
Christie declined interview requests for this article. Their staff said they were unaware that Air Force Brig. Gen. Michael L. Cunniff, the commander who still leads the Guard, had been reprimanded by the Pentagon about their weight until The Post asked about the issue.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, center, and Air Force Brig. Gen. Michael Cunniff, third from right, stand with veterans and military parents in Sea Girt, N.J., in September 2014. (Mel Evans/Associated Press)
As the state's adjutant general, Cunniff reports directly to Christie and serves in their Cabinet.
“The Governor has expressed directly to the General that their failure to meet that standard or to provide notification of their formal reprimand is both unacceptable and disappointing,” Christie spokesperson Kevin Roberts said in an e-mailed statement.
Christie, they added, has given Cunniff 90 days to slim down and “meet their obligations.”
Failure to meet physical-fitness standards is a serious infraction in the military and can result in dismissal. But it is an especially delicate subject in New Jersey, where Christie had weight-loss surgery two years ago.
Cunniff declined an interview request. In a statement released by the Guard, they acknowledged that they had not met the Air Force's fitness requirements in recent years.
“Many people struggle with weight control — I am not immune from this,” they said. “However, I do recognize that military members and leaders, like myself, are held to a higher standard. I take this matter seriously and am I taking the necessary steps to remedy this issue.”
Mocked on YouTube
As in other states, the New Jersey National Guard is a reserve military force that primarily serves under the command and control of the governor, who can mobilize troops to respond to natural disasters or other emergencies. Units also can be called into federal service and deploy overseas.
Dissent began to bubble up last year. In April 2014, a group of junior officers wrote a letter to Christie to complain about a “demeaning and toxic” command culture in the militia.
The junior officers accused Cunniff and their deputy, Army Brig. Gen. James J. Grant, of not promoting minorities into senior jobs. They pleaded with Christie to investigate and to keep their identities secret so they would be protected from reprisals.
Two months later, Col. Walter Alvarado, the Army National Guard's chief of staff and the highest-ranking Hispanic officer in the state, wrote a similar letter to Christie. They charged that the generals had blocked their advancement while promoting less-qualified white officers.
“There is a strong perception throughout the organization of racial bias — real or not, the perception is strong,” Alvarado wrote. They declined to comment for this article.
Discontent continued to spread. In December, Alvarado and three other senior officers, including the state chaplain, filed a harsher complaint with the Army inspector general at the Pentagon. That letter, which was copied to the governor, accused Cunniff and Grant of abuse of authority, fraud, waste, cronyism and other wrongdoing.
Cunniff, through a spokesperson, declined to comment. Grant, who has since retired from the Guard, did not respond to an e-mail or a phone call.
[Christie is the GOP's most emotional candidate, but will the show get old?]
In January, the mutiny reached the Internet. Parody videos were posted anonymously on YouTube, casting Cunniff and Grant as incompetent Nazi commanders. Messages posted with the videos begged Christie to investigate the leadership.
Michael Bobinis, a former Army major in the Guard, acknowledged to The Post that they posted the videos. They said they were terminated after their bosses found out.
“Only one person can fix this, and that's Governor Christie,” Bobinis said. “It's 100 percent on Christie's shoulders. And they won't do anything.”
In February, whistleblowers tried again to get the governor's attention.
Alvarado and Col. John Langston, the Guard's top African American officer, wrote another letter to Christie saying that the troops “have had enough.” They said the generals were promoting “mistrust, secrecy, intimidation, deception, favoritism, cronyism and unethical behavior.”
Langston declined to comment.
Christie's spokesperson confirmed that the governor's office received that letter but said it had no record of the previous complaints.
“Once we were made aware of the allegations, the Governor's office acted promptly to ensure they would be thoroughly and independently investigated,” Roberts, the press secretary, said in an e-mail.
Investigations mount
But the Christie administration acted only after the Newark Star-Ledger, the state's biggest newspaper, broke a story in March about the charges of racial discrimination and discord in the Guard.
The next month, state officials announced their hire of a former federal prosecutor to investigate the discrimination complaints.
The investigator, Matthew Boxer, worked under Christie when Christie served as the U.S. attorney for New Jersey. Boxer declined to comment while the inquiry is underway.
In May, the Star-Ledger uncovered more problems in the Guard, disclosing that four colonels had been convicted of drunken driving. The paper also reported that the adjutant general had been slow to hold the officers accountable, allowing two of them to keep their positions long after their arrests.
Patrick Daugherty, a Guard spokesperson, defended the handling of the cases. They said commanders didn't learn of the arrests right away and “took prompt action” once they did.
They declined to comment on specific allegations of discrimination but said such complaints “are welcomed” and will be thoroughly examined.
A survey this year of 3,000 New Jersey Guard members found that only 7 percent thought that their race, ethnicity or gender posed a barrier to career advancement, Daugherty said. “That tells us there are lots of things we're doing right,” they added.
The Guard's problems are emerging at an inopportune time for Christie and are unlikely to go away soon.
The state investigation is expected to make its findings public this year. Meanwhile, the Army inspector general is pursuing its own case. New Jersey lawmakers have said they will hold hearings after the state investigation wraps up.
“We're still looking into it, and we're still concerned about the allegations,” said Assemblywoman Cleopatra G. Tucker (D-Essex), chairperson of the legislature's Military and Veterans' Affairs Committee. “The public and our veterans and our National Guard people really need to be heard.”
Scandals at the top
Several current and former officers trace the start of the Guard's problems to the downfall of the former adjutant general, Army Maj. Gen. Glenn K. Rieth.
Rieth was a holdover from the previous administration but was kept in the post by Christie. The two men knew each other from their childhood years in Livingston, N.J.
Two years into Christie's first term, a staff sergeant working late at the state Department of Military and Veterans Affairs walked into an office and was startled to see the married Rieth kissing a female state employee, according to documents recounting the episode.
The general also was caught on video by the building's security systems, the documents show.
Two former Guard officers — Scully, who served as the general's executive officer, and Bobinis, who oversaw the security systems — said they were pressured to hush up the incident. But it was ultimately reported to the Pentagon, triggering an investigation by the Army's inspector general.
Rieth offered their resignation weeks later, in November 2011. But the Christie administration did not announce their departure until the Associated Press revealed the scandal — and even then said they were quitting because of a “personal matter.”
Army documents obtained by The Post under the Freedom of Information Act show that the Pentagon formally reprimanded Rieth for “engaging in an inappropriate relationship” with a woman who was not their wife. They did not respond to a phone call or an e-mail seeking comment.
Christie's next pick to lead the Guard was Cunniff, a one-star Air Force commander. But Cunniff had a secret: They had been skipping their mandatory physical-fitness test because they knew they were too overweight to pass, according to an investigation the Air Force inspector general conducted last year.
Under Air Force rules, Cunniff was required to take the test annually. They told the inspector general that they knew they could not meet the requirements when they took charge of the Guard in December 2011, so they kept putting it off.
“I should have taken it the end of '11 or, but, uh, I was kind of overcome by events, not really an excuse, an explanation, though, uh, I took the job under some pretty difficult conditions,” they testified, according to the inspector general's report. “And, uh, you know, it was never my intent to bypass, uh, the system or get away with anything.”
Cunniff finally took a fitness test in November 2013, their first in more than three years. They flunked when their waist size was measured at 43.5 inches — 4.5 inches larger than what was allowed.
Two weeks later, an anonymous tipster reported Cunniff to the inspector general, saying that their physical condition was “a joke” and that it was “hypocritical and unethical” to hold themselves to a different standard than subordinates.
Cunniff received a formal reprimand from Air Force officials at the Pentagon in April 2014. But they never mentioned it to the governor, according to Christie's office.
In their statement to The Post, Cunniff said they have begun “a rigorous physical fitness training program” and has sought help from a nutritionist to enable them to pass the test.
“Just as I afford every opportunity to each Soldier and Airman to meet these standards, so will I,” they said.
Read more:
Chris Christie to teachers union: You deserve a punch in the face
Christie blames ‘this president's deceit' for Syrian refu­gee deaths
Special Ops commander reprimanded for repeated public intoxication
Former Cardinals outfielder Jason Heyward made their return to St. Louis in Monday's game with the Chicago Cubs, and the crowd soundly booed them for choosing to make money elsewhere. A serious and despicable claim quickly began to circulate: Cardinals fans supposedly went beyond booing Heyward, and called them a “nigger.” There's absolutely no reason to believe it's true.
The New York Daily News published the first printed report that St. Louis fans used racial slurs towards Heyward. The first two paragraphs of the article:
Jason Heyward's return to St. Louis was marred with racial slurs. In addition to booing, crowd mics picked up multiple Cardinals fans allegedly yelling the N-word at the new Chicago Cubs right fielder, who played last season for the Redbirds.
Advertisement
These are inexplicably presented as objective facts. The Daily News story also embeds four tweets from people claiming Cardinals fans were using slurs toward Heyward, but in none of them is it clear whether the people were at the game or actually heard the slurs over the air.
Later in the story, there's an embedded clip of Heyward's first at-bat of the game, on WGN's broadcast:
Advertisement
Boos are certainly audible in the clip, but at no point can you hear anyone using slurs.
Not only does the Daily News report not specify when this allegedly happened in the game—a reader is led to assume that it was in Heyward's first-inning at-bat—but it apparently asked ESPN for comment, as evidenced by the line, “ESPN did not return a call or email for comment.”
Why ESPN? The ESPN and WGN broadcasts are different, and the article embedded the WGN clip. The Daily News report doesn't clarify which network picked up the slurs. (Salon aggregated this story, and also didn't provide any evidence.)
Advertisement
We listened to a range of isolated audio feeds from multiple broadcasts of Heyward's first two at-bats—including ESPN's crowd audio, field-level audio, and the Cardinals' park audio feeds—and at no point did we hear anything offensive (or, for that matter, intelligible.) Here are the two at-bats, with ESPN's crowd-level audio.
Although there were a few vague chants, we couldn't hear anything offensive. So we asked ESPN. When reached for comment, a spokesperson said that the game audio was being reviewed, but to their knowledge no slurs had been picked up.
Advertisement
When Heyward came to bat in the sixth inning, the Worldwide Leader cut to Bryce Harper's at-bat in a game against the Marlins. Some people on Twitter attributed it to the network wanting to avoid any recurrence of audible slurs while Heyward was at the plate:
According to that same ESPN spokesperson, the cutaway in the sixth inning was planned. Harper, who had homered in four straight games, was on a hot streak, and the network wanted to broadcast their at-bat.
Advertisement
One thing is certain: the Cardinals lost, 5-0.
Photo: Getty Images
Exclusive | Jordan & Moustafa's ‘Savage Things' Comes To Vertigo
2016 may be winding down, but Vertigo Comics is getting ready to kick off the new year with a bang! CraveOnline is proud to exclusively announce that writer Justin Jordan (The Legacy of Luther Strode) and artist Ibrahim Moustafa (High Crimes) are teaming up for Savage Things, a new eight-issue miniseries from Vertigo!
But who or what are the Savage Things? Within the world of this series, a secret organization within the U.S. government identified children who displayed the potential to be remorseless killers over 25 years ago. The decision was made to kidnap these children and turn them into the ultimate agents of chaos who could destabilize countries around the world while remaining hidden in plain sight. And in our first look at Moustafa's pages from Savage Things # 1, we see one of the kids as they are recruited into something that will change their lives forever.
When the story picks up in the present, the surviving children of the program are still very much active and against the government that turned against them and attempted to eliminate them as well. Now, the only hope for the U.S. is to recall “Abel,” the only man to ever successfully get away from the program. Of course, that's assuming that he's willing to save us.
“I've always loved spy thrillers and horror, but I haven't seen a lot that melds the two genres,” shared Jordan in a statement. “We've seen in the real world how easy it is for a handful of people to bring the gears of civilization grinding to a halt by spreading shock and fear. Those are amateurs. Imagine what we'd get if there were a group of people—brilliant, gifted people—whose entire lives had been training them to spread fear to destabilize a society. That was horrifying to me. Terrifying to me. And that's what Savage Things is about. It's about the weapons we create being turned on us.”
“Justin and I are aiming to deliver a high level of intrigue and excitement, with a flavor that is unique to Vertigo and the comics medium,” added Moustafa. “As a visual storyteller, I have drawn a lot of inspiration from comics like Scalped, The Losers, and Sleeper. Additionally, my love of movies like the James Bond films, The Bourne Identity, John Wick, and Hanna will be evident as well. On top of that, we are honored to have John Paul Leon doing covers for the series.”
That's right, Leon is doing the covers for Savage Things, and we have their first cover right here!
Savage Things # 1 will be released in comic shops and through digital outlets on Wednesday, March 1, 2017.
What did you think about this preview? Let us know in the comment section below!
Photo Credits: All images provided by Vertigo Comics
Please subscribe and rate this podcast on iTunes!
On the “social media prizefight” episode of the podcast, Jordan Cooper moderates while Chelcie Rice and Josh Homer judge a debate between Josh Spector and the author of the new book “Social Media Is Bullshit“, comedy writer and journalist Brandon Mendelson about that very subject. Is social media all a rigged game where success just comes down to luck and circumstance? Just how powerful are these platforms in reality for the unknown artist, if they are at all?
In this hour-plus long debate, we discuss the real stories behind these so-called social media successes and the facts that the media and marketers rarely tell you, why you shouldn't believe anything until you see the data and why building relationships, making connections offline and using old-fashioned press hooks are more important than any social media platforms. In addition, Brandon explains the asshole-based economy, the pageview mafia, how the Internet is primarily owned by large corporations picking and choosing winners, why the comedy media is terrible at reporting success stories and finally, where should the unknown comedian go from here knowing that the deck is stacked against them.
Links from this episode:
Social Media Is Bullshit by BJ Mendelson [Amazon]
Turning Panic Into Money: Marc Maron's Podcast Gold [PBS MediaShift]
“Almost no sex scandals under a Mormon presidency” – promises Mitt Romney [Sean O'Dwyer]
The myth of social media? It won't make you rich. [CNN]
Crystallizing Public Opinion by Edward Bernays [Amazon]
How To Win Friends & Influence People by Dale Carnegie [Amazon]
Connected Comedy Podcast Episode 1: Pick Yourself
Participate with the CC community in our Connected Comedy Facebook Group or post your questions, suggestions or topics to cover in the future on our Facebook Page. We always welcome your comments!
In a study of nearly 650 people with the eye disease age-related macular degeneration (AMD), half still had vision 20/40 or better, typically good enough to drive or to read standard print, after five years of treatment with anti-VEGF drugs that are injected into the eye. The authors of the study, funded by the National Eye Institute (NEI) at the National Institutes of Health, say those outcomes would have been unimaginable about 10 years ago, prior to the drugs' availability.
The results were published in the journal Ophthalmology and presented May 2nd at the annual meeting of the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) in Seattle.
"This is the most comprehensive study of anti-VEGF therapy for AMD to date," said NEI Director Paul A. Sieving, M.D., Ph.D. "It points to the importance of long-term follow-up in studies evaluating disease treatments."
AMD is the leading cause of vision loss among older Americans. It causes damage to the central part of the retina, the light-sensitive tissue at the back of the eye. AMD often has very few symptoms in its early stages; but in later stages, it causes loss of the central, straight-ahead vision needed for activities like reading and driving.
There are two types of late AMD--geographic atrophy, and the more common neovascular AMD, also known as wet AMD. In neovascular AMD, fragile blood vessels grow under the retina and leak fluid. This usually starts in one eye, and is stimulated by a protein called VEGF. Just 10 years ago, people diagnosed with neovascular AMD were almost certain to develop severe vision loss in their affected eye and likely to lose vision in their other eye, too.
The new study looked at people with AMD who had regular treatment with drugs designed to block VEGF. After five years, 50 percent of them had 20/40 vision or better, 20 percent had 20/200 vision or worse, and the rest were in-between.
Ten years ago, the best available treatment for AMD was photodynamic therapy--in which an intravenous drug (injected into a vein) and laser are used to seal off leaking blood vessels. Past studies have found that just one year after diagnosis, less than 15 percent of patients given this therapy alone retain 20/40 vision, and up to 40 percent decline to 20/200 vision. Without any treatment, less than 10 percent of patients retain 20/40 vision at one year, and up to 75 percent of untreated patients decline to 20/200 vision.
In the U.S., state drivers' licenses generally require 20/40 vision in at least one eye. A best-corrected vision of 20/200 in both eyes is considered legally blind for the purpose of federal disability benefits.
The Comparison of AMD Treatments Trials (CATT) began in 2008 and was designed to compare the anti-VEGF drugs Avastin and Lucentis. VEGF is important in the growth and development of new blood vessels in normal and cancerous tissues. Avastin (bevacizumab) was approved by the Food and Drug Administration in 2004 for the treatment of metastatic colon cancer. Other drugs were later developed specifically to target blood vessels in the retina, with Lucentis (ranibizumab) coming to the market in 2006 and Eylea (aflibercept) in 2011. For treating AMD, the drugs are injected into the eye. Before Lucentis was available, many ophthalmologists began treating the disease with Avastin, which appeared to have similar benefits, at least in the short-term. The difference in the cost of the drugs also made Avastin appealing; the approximate per-dose price was $50 for Avastin and $2000 for Lucentis.
In the trial, more than 1200 participants with neovascular AMD were randomly assigned to receive either Lucentis or Avastin for two years, through monthly or as-needed injections. During that time, the two drugs were equally effective at preserving visual acuity. These results were later confirmed in five multicenter clinical trials around the world.
The current study followed up with CATT participants between March 2014 and 2015, an average of 5.5 years after enrollment in the trial. After two years on their assigned drug, participants were free to work with their eye care providers to choose their own course of therapy. During that 3.5-year period, more than half received at least one treatment with a drug or therapy other than the drug assigned to them. The investigators obtained visual acuity measurements for 647 of 914 participants who were still living.
In addition to the overall effects of anti-VEGF therapy at five years, the investigators compared the outcomes of participants who received Avastin or Lucentis during the trial.
"Some experts had speculated that two years of treatment with ranibizumab might have long-term benefits superior to bevacizumab. However, at five years, there were no differences in visual acuity between the two drugs," said Daniel F. Martin, M.D., chair of the Cleveland Clinic Cole Eye Institute and CATT study chair.
The study also found that after five years, participants assigned to Lucentis during the trial had a higher rate of strokes and heart attacks (7.6 percent) than those assigned to Avastin (4.5 percent). Since most participants received treatments other than their assigned drug after the two year-trial, the investigators are cautious about attributing this difference to the study drugs.
Finally, the study provides information on the general course of AMD with treatment. It was already known that many people with neovascular AMD eventually develop geographic atrophy, which has no treatment. In the trial, participants were more likely to develop geographic atrophy when they received monthly, rather than as-needed injections of Avastin or Lucentis. After the trial, almost all participants stopped monthly injections in favor of as-needed treatment, with an average of 4-5 injections per year. By five years, the rate of geographic atrophy increased from 20 percent of participants at two years to 41 percent at five years. The fraction of participants with geographic atrophy was similar between the Avastin and Lucentis groups.
"Although anti-VEGF treatment has greatly improved the prognosis for patients overall, we still need to find ways to avoid poor vision in these patients and to decrease the burden of ongoing treatment," said Maureen G. Maguire, Ph.D., the study's principal investigator and a professor of ophthalmology in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
Pictured is a normally reproducing free-living flatworm, with two eyes in the front (left) and sperm in the back (right). Photo by Lukas Scharer/University of Basel
BASEL, Switzerland, July 1 (UPI) -- Being single can be a drag, even for the most simple of creatures. Humans have a variety of distractions to mask their sexual frustrations, but for flatworms, the drive to reproduce is everything.
When Macrostomum hystrix flatworms fail to find a mate, it's beyond devastating. Unwilling to accept their fate, single flatworms use a bizarre workaround to reproduce. They self-fertilize. The flatworms literally inject sperm into their own heads using a needle-like penis.
It's sounds painful and disgusting, but for flatworms, it's better to take advantage of their hermaphroditic anatomy than to die childless.
The method, dubbed "selfing," isn't ideal. Their offspring, inbred, inevitably have issues.
"As far as we know, this is the first described example of hypodermic self-injection of sperm into the head," study author Steven Ramm, a researcher at the University of Basel, explained in a press release. "To us this sounds traumatic, but to these flatworms it may be their best bet if they cannot find a mate but still want to reproduce."
Because Macrostomum hystrix flatworms are transparent, their insides are easily observable. Researchers found that isolated worms tended to have more sperm in their heads than those kept in groups. Social flatworms possessed more sperm in the tails, the normal site of fertilization.
Researchers shared their findings in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
When booking a tour of Kings Cross station with limited information about what the tour will include, there is a risk that it will be just a Wonder around the public areas, or maybe a good look around some of the building site that is closed off to the public.
This tour — part of the Open House Weekend — ended up with a little bit of both.
Kings Cross is undergoing a massive refit at the moment, with the main train platforms area getting a St Pancras style spit and polish while the universally loathed green shed at the front will be demolished in favour of a modern ticket hall to the side of the building.
I have a pure gut instinct feel that ticket halls/waiting areas should be in front of train stations, not to the side, but that is offset by what I think will be a very nice waiting area when it is finished.
Meeting in the reception area opposite McDonald's gave me a chance to snap a quick photo through the 1st floor window of the fast-food chain for a slightly less common view of the station frontage, and also a walk around the back for some photos of the station from behind – a view that is rarely appreciated.
A receptionist who barely speaks English and wasn't expecting tours to turn up is not a good start, but tour guides turned up swiftly enough to sort out the confusion.
The reception area, on the East side of the station was originally a reception area – albeit for horse and carriages than people, and is now offices to replace the offices on the West side that were demolished. Eventually the offices will move back to the West and the reception will be handed over to “commercial tenants” – aka, shops.
Squashed into a lift to go up a floor and the mezzanine level runs the whole length of the station with offices to the right, and a glass wall overlooking the platforms on the left.
Stopping by a large tile clad arch halfway along, it turned out this is where the former “Harry Potter” footbridge (officially the Handyside Bridge) used to stand before being removed and put into storage – since sold to a heritage railway.
Anyone who watched the BBC documentary series about English Heritage may recall that the replacement footbridge was a very fraught issue with a lot of arguing over the lifts. What is more clever though, is that the lifts go down as well – to the underground services facilities so that in the future, cargo deliveries to the trains can arrive in the middle of the platform, not drive down the whole length of it.
(I wouldn't mind a look at the underground service facilities – they are often quite interesting)
We were also looking down on works for Platform O.
To have the new platform called Platform 1, and shuffle all the others along one would have been simple for the station, but would have required a massive reprogramming of thousands of signals along the network – so they put in a “new” platform number instead.
As it happens, a major signalling upgrade is due to take place in a few years time, so Platform O will indeed be renamed as Platform 1 – eventually.
It was going to be called Platform X, but they decided that might offer the wrong sort of impression considering the area's previous seedy reputation.
The spot we were in though is also the location for a grand staircase that takes you up a level to the posher offices – all of which have been refurbished — again English Heritage demanding all sorts of extra work to protect cornices and the like.
I see the point, but they are just fairly plain plasterwork, not that distinctive, and hidden by the air conditioning anyway.
Behind the scenes tour over and back down to the ground to look around the station that the public see – and for the first time, see the new roof. The chap taking us around was responsible for the roof, which has been covered in a gigantic duvet for years – and they noted that while lots of work was visible, theirs had remained hidden for years.
Now though, the work is becoming visible again, with clear glass replacing plastic and solar cells offering the circular decoration in the top apex. The glass isn't self-cleaning though as that needs the glass to be at a steeper angle than allowed here, so expect to look up and see people with mops and buckets every so often.
A chance to peer though the plastic window that lets people see the work on the new ticket hall – which we were not allowed to go inside an look at. London Reconnections had a tour of the site a couple of months ago.
Interestingly, the mezzanine area with shops they expect to be slightly better quality than your average train station food supplies is free standing, so in theory could be removed at a later date and the sweeping roof wont be affected.
It also turned out that some of the newer looking brick work is recent as it filled in a hole left over from a WW2 bomb that had never really been repaired. It now houses ventilation shafts for the new Underground ticket hall.
Works on the new ticket hall should be completed shortly, and the facility open to paying passengers from the end of this year.
After that, work somewhat pauses until after the Olympics are out of the way – then they start to demolish the green shed. As you might suspect, it's not as simply as just bulldoze the thing and cart it off, as the floor is not entirely watertight – so if you take off the roof of the shed, then water can run into the tube station below.
So all that has to be done as well – then the shed can be removed. Oh, and now that there isn't a shed there, the glass frontage to the station has to be replaced with blast-proof glass. Just in case.
The local council also took the opportunity to squeeze in some demands for the external tube station entrances to be redesigned. They don't like them, but couldn't block their construction originally as they were part of the Channel Tunnel works affecting St Pancras.
The new concourse should open in March 2012.
Redevelopment around the back of the station though could take up to a decade longer – there is a very good exhibition about that in the German Gymnasium.
As I mentioned a couple of hours ago I'm at RailsConf Europe 2008. So far, I've had a good time and the Conf seems to be better organized than last year (for starters, all the microphones worked from the start ;-) and the registration took only ~5 minutes). Unfortunately, O'Reilly seems to have cut back on the goodies: No RailsConf T-shirts this year and as far as I've seen there's only one magazine that we got (last year it was, like, 10?!). But hey, as long as the talks are good, who cares about a TYPO3 magazine anyways?
So here it goes for today's talks:
Accessible AJAX on Rails
presented by Jarkko Laine & Geoffrey Grosenbach
On of the three morning tutorials was about how you can make AJAX and JavaScript in general less obtrusive and therefore also more accessible. Jarkko showed some basic techniques of progressive enhancement (really necessary, since most of the people didn't seem even know the term let alone what it's about) and introduced Dan Webb's lowpro pretty early in the game. In my opinion, it was very important that they really elaborated on using the right markup in order to be able to access elements using their respective class name, id or even other CSS3-style selectors. Jarkko also did not only talk but did live coding and a couple of short “try it yourself”-sessions where the participants got little tasks that they should implement. Finally, they showed delegating event handling with Event.delegate which is hidden very well beneath the covers of lowpro and thus probably not used quite as often as it should be used (because it's good!).
All in all, since I've written two articles about unobtrusive javascript myself, the talk was a bit too basic for me. Jarkko presented well, though, and Geoffrey (who replaced Dan Webb, who unfortunately seems to be missing from this year's Conf) chimed in every now and then and shared their experiences with several things related to the topic.
Ressources:
Deploying and Monitoring Ruby on Rails
presented by Mathias Meyer & Jonathan Weiss
Jonathan started the talk and explained about different ways of serving Rails apps: FastCGI, Mongrel and Phusion Passenger (aka mod_rails). They explained the differences, advantages and disadvantages really well and elaborated on the issue of load balancing. Jonathan said they think that Phusion Passenger will become the default way of hosting Rails application over the next few months. They also discussed JRuby/Glassfish/WAR files for deploying Rails applications into existing Java environments.
Jonathan then went on to explain load balancing across multiple physical servers using Apache 2.2's mod_proxy_balancer, nginx, lighttpd and HAProxy (and other pure web proxies), and their respective pros and cons. Here are their recommendations for some use cases:
Small sites (with only one physical/virtual server): Apache 2.2 with Phusion Passenger
Medium sites (with multiple servers): Apache 2.2 as frontend proxy and static host, Mongrel (or Phusion Passenger) as the backend.
Large sites: redundant load balancers, redundant proxies and static file hosts, plus Mongrel or Phusion Passenger
Heavy focus on static files: Static requests handled by nginx or Lighttpd, dynamic requests routed through Apache to Mongrel/Phusion Passenger.
Java: WAR files with Glassfish/Tomcat/etc.
They closed the first part of the presentation talking about Ruby Enterprise Edition, Thin/Ebb/Evented Mongrel (although they don't seem to have favorable opinions on Thin & Co.) and up and coming technologies like Fuzed (Erlang-based load balancer), JRuby and, of course, Phusion Passenger.
The talk was handed over to Mathias who talked about deploying Rails applications with Capistrano. They especially focused on recipes and more advanced techniques like using callbacks, namespaces, Capistrano variables and the deprec gem.
Jonathan took over again and introduced Webistrano, the web GUI they created to facilitate deployment with Capistrano and Macistrano, a little tool written by Mathias, to have deployment tools handy on our Aqua desktops.
Afterwards, it was time to get our hands dirty. Jonathan and Mathias had brought a mighty quad-core machine with 40 virtual servers so people could try out deploying the Railscasts website by Ryan Bates. Jonathan also showed how to configure Apache with mod_proxy_balancer to proxy dynamic requests to a cluster of Mongrels. Finally, they demonstrated how to deploy the same application with Phusion Passenger (great for people like me who are thinking about switching to PP for production). After some initial difficulties (turns out an AirPort Express isn't really suited for servicing a couple dozen synchronous connections) I think all folks took away a lot from the practical part.
In the last part, Jonathan gave a brief overview about tools for monitoring Rails. It was especially cool to see how easily you can configure Monit with its ultra-easy DSL for basic monitoring on Rails (and other services).
Lastly, it was Q&A. Jonathan said that in their opinion memcached is the best caching solution available for Rails if you need really fast caching. They also like God as an alternative to Monit (which has readable syntax because it's Ruby) but prefers Monit since it is “older” and therefore has a proven track record.
All in all, this was a really valuable talk and Jonathan and Mathias have a great way of presenting and also engaging with the audience during the practical part. Thumbs up.
Resources:
Panel discussion
David Heinemeier Hansson, Jeremy Kemper, Michael Koziarski
David started the panel discussion with talking about three upcoming releases that are due to be released during RailsConf (2.0.4 and 2.1.1, which will, among other things, contain REXML fixes, and also a 2.2 beta). We also found out that most of the folks at RailsConf use Rails 2 now and it's only a few people who are still, dare I say, stuck with Rails 1.2 – which is good because the core team wants to cut back the efforts on 1.2 so they don't really know how long it's going to be supported.
What's good and what's bad about the way that the whole Rails system is moving?
David especially likes that the ecosystem is growing and that people are blogging about Rails and sharing their stuff. At the same time, they think there are lots of companies and individuals with lots of great code just sitting in their lib and vendor directories and rotting away.
Future of Test::Unit in Rails, because there's rspec and others?
David would like to get rid of long underscored test names and he'd like to see the word “should” more often. In fact, some of the new stuff in Rails edge even started using the “new style” where you supply the test name as a string. Jeremy, Koz and David agree that the learning curve of Test::Unit is more user-friendly than rspec because you don't need to wrap your head around the whole idea of behavior driven development. David thinks that, after all, everybody should use what suits them best.
Future of web apps – Sproutcore/ MVC in the browser?
David is not a big fan of the idea of pushing more logic onto the browser. “The more stuff you take out of the application, the more stuff you have to write in a language other than Ruby – not good!” (Couldn't agree more ;-)). Jeremy thinks that Sproutcore is the framework that has evolved best and has actually done some real integration and bridging the gaps between the server and the browser.
Are Gems the best way to publish and manage plugins?
Jeremy thinks that lots of plugins are actually very small and independent of each other so they don't really need to be Gems and probably shouldn't be. So they think that plugins will stick around in the future but the bigger plugins should be distributed as Gems.
Influence of Merb on Rails? (thread safety, performance, etc.)
Jeremy thinks that there's definitely light competition going on and Rails does definitely learn a thing or two from Merb (and vice versa). Koz says that Rails still tries to build the best web application framework there is. As far as performance goes, they hate “Hello World” benchmarks because they don't show the real world performance.
Which Ruby implementation should be used?
Koz' customers mostly use the current MRI (1.8.6) but thinks that JRuby is coming along really well and that it's important. Jeremy agrees and also mentions MagLev as a future possibility. RubySpec is the future because it shows how far and how well Ruby has been implemented by the respective implementation.
Other frameworks that are interesting to the core members and what are they playing with?
Koz evades the question (“I'm a Rails consultant”) but states that he's definitely interested in alternative data stores and persistence technologies such as object-oriented DBs and CouchDB. David is interested in clouding and distributed system technologies (“Having your own machine is like carrying your own electricity”). Jeremy thinks that Sysadmins should pick up convention over configuration to achieve this (chch).
Differences between European and US conferences and other ones?
Koz likes smaller conferences because it's less frantic and you can have conversations with people. They also like that it gives new people opportunities to speak. David loves that RailsConf US is a special experience because it's about being part of the crowd which has a different kind of energy and atmosphere (“It has the big, block-buster kind of mentality.”). They like that big conferences have lots of applications for talks which, all in all, increases the quality.
Sweet spots for Rails applications (apart from the whole scaling debate)?
Koz thinks that Rails usually fits the problem from a technical perspective but it doesn't always fit the business – if the team or the company doesn't accept Rails, it's not right for them (“It's not about technology, it's about culture.”). David agrees and adds that they sometimes think that he'd sometimes like if people wouldn't force Rails on people.
Resources:
Publishers overestimate their necessity
Game developer Cliff Bleszinski has never been a fan of the used game market, and he's made their feelings on the Xbox One and PS4 policies quite clear -- they support Microsoft's decision to "redefine" the concept of videogame ownership, in a bid to protect the way videogames are currently made.
"You cannot have game and marketing budgets this high while also having used and rental games existing," they said. "The numbers do NOT work people ... The visual fidelity and feature sets we expect from games now come with sky high costs. Assassin's Creed games are made by thousands of devs."
Clifford's stance is fairly clear -- games are too expensive, and so the customers must be the ones to compromise. This is presented as our responsibility, our fault even. We "expect" good looking games with high marketing budgets, and publishers are forced to comply.
Except ... that's really not true, and while Bleszinski has actually very adequately highlighted the problem with modern videogame development, he's gone and focused on the wrong part of it.
What really infuriates me about the used game debate is that, when people bring up the stratospheric development and marketing costs, it's treated as though they are noble endeavors, too sacred to be compromised. Rather than ask the question, "Do games need to be this expensive to make?" the question instead becomes, "How can we squeeze more money to keep making very expensive games?"
Why are people like Cliffy B simply accepting the absolutely ridiculous high price of game development as immutable fact, quickly moving on to blame something else instead of examining the problem at its source?
In a good business, the answer to something being too expensive to produce would be to, y'know, make it fucking cheaper to produce. Videogame consoles do this over time -- parts become less costly to manufacture, more efficient to put together. You'll find, with some of the most successful videogames on the market, the same is also very true. It's just that nobody will admit it.
Look at Call of Duty. Arguably the biggest of the big when it comes to gaming. A veritable powerhouse of profit that tends to be the biggest selling title of any given year. Yet, visually, it's always a step behind its peers. Infinity Ward and Treyarch have successfully mined years of cash out of the same game engine this entire generation, producing games noticeable less graphically intense than the competition, yet trouncing the pretenders at market every single bloody time.
Even its "next-gen" title, Call of Duty: Ghosts, is running off an enhanced version of the same old engine, and I bet it turns a very healthy profit regardless.
Then we have the PC. A platform famed for being able to produce better graphics than the Xbox 360 and PS3 ever could, and yet let's look at some of its biggest success stories. Minecraft. Terraria. Hell, Valve and its antique Source Engine seem to be doing just fine, producing games people are absolutely excited for and love to play, despite being nowhere near as expensive to produce or graphically shiny as the Battlefields and the Tomb Raiders of the world.
Even outside of more basic looking games and older engines, we have evidence of smaller teams producing utterly gorgeous games without breaking the bank. I point you to the drop-dead beautiful Metro: Last Light, a game now famous for stunning visuals and an impeccable production value. 4A Games is a humble developer from Kiev, and produced a game that looked as amazing as it did without needing to sell five million copies to survive.
And that's where we come round to the biggest issues facing mainstream game development -- used games and rentals have absolutely bloody nothing to do with the fact that game development is possessed of such total excess that you can't even succeed with millions upon millions of sales under your belt. I utterly defy you to convince me Resident Evil 6 nearly selling six million copies yet still failing to meet expectations could be blamed upon the used game market. When you're selling that much, and still failing to make investors happy, something is fundamentally wrong with the process of videogame production itself, not the imaginary dragons of used games and game rentals that are conjured up as quick and easy scapegoats.
If so-called "AAA" games and the used market actually are incompatible, then I say that's a good friggin' thing. Anything to dispossesses publishers of the notion that they need to keep dumping truckloads of cash into games to the point where they need to sell more copies than the laws of reality allow. Despite what demagogues and mouthpieces will tell you, the market is not demanding all its games be so expensive to produce. As I've said before, the PlayStation, PlayStation 2, and Wii would not have dominated their respective generations if the market put graphics over everything else. People want good games, not these overproduced, pompous, unsustainable exercises in wanton overspending.
It's not our fault games have gotten so expensive, and I resent the implication that it is. The fact this industry seems utterly fucking incapable of taking some damn responsibility for itself continues to disgust me, and I refuse to shoulder the blame for companies that cannot demonstrate one iota of self-reflection. If something you're doing is not working, change what you're doing! Stop trying to bend and break the world around you to try and manufacture an environment where your failed tactics could achieve some perverse form of success.
"You cannot have game and marketing budgets this high while also having used and rental games existing," says Cliff Bleszinski.
"Good," says I. I'll take the used games and rentals. Let the videogame equivalent of inbred aristocracies wither and fucking rot.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
An independent watchdog is to investigate a police force over the collapse of a trial of four men accused of the gang rape of a woman at a leading university.
Thady Duff, Leo Mahon and Patrick Foster, all 22, and James Martin, 20, were accused of raping the woman at a summer ball at the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester, Gloucestershire.
They claimed they had been subjected to violence, including strangulation, on the night of the alleged attack in May 2014 and that some of it had been filmed and posted on Snapchat.
The trial had been due to begin at Gloucester Crown Court in March but, following delays due to the late disclosure of evidence and a review of the case, the prosecution offered no evidence and the four defendants were cleared.
Cleared: Thady Duff, Leo Mahon and Patrick Foster, all 22, (pictured) were accused along with James Martin, 20, of raping a woman at the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester. But the trial against them collapsed
Last week during a hearing on defence costs, Judge Jamie Tabor QC, the Recorder of Gloucester, criticised Detective Constable Ben Lewis, the lead officer.
The judge said Det Con Lewis had got too close to the complainant and did not understand their job properly, which led to 'stark and very serious omissions' by the officer in failing to disclose 'game-changing' evidence.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission has decided an independent investigation is 'appropriate'.
'The circumstances of a criminal investigation conducted by Gloucestershire Constabulary, which was unable to proceed to trial due to issues raised during legal proceedings, will be examined by the Independent Police Complaints Commission,' the IPCC said in a statement.
'Issues have been raised concerning the police investigation and the disclosure of evidence in preparation for the trial.
'The matter was referred to the IPCC and we have decided an independent investigation is appropriate.
Thady Duff, Leo Mahon and Patrick Foster, all 22, (pictured) and James Martin, 20, had denied charges of rape and sexual assault
'The IPCC will carefully examine the actions of the officers involved during both the investigation and the pre-trial process.'
The quartet of students said last month that police treated them as ‘guilty until proven innocent'.
Detectives were accused of ‘cherry-picking' evidence to support their case, while ‘airbrushing' out anything that suggested the men were innocent.
The Gloucester Crown Court case against the four students fell apart after it emerged that the alleged victim had given ‘different accounts' as a witness in another rape case.
Officers are also facing questions over why it took 13 months to charge the men, with lawyers alleging evidence had been ‘withheld' by officers before the trial.
This included messages taken from the complainant's phone hinting that they may have consented.
Meanwhile, last month it was revealed that the police officer accused of 'vandalising' the rape case against the four students is still working on serious crimes and had not been disciplined.
Gloucestershire Detective Constable Ben Lewis was accused of having 'broken' the trial process after holding back information that led to the friends being cleared of sex crimes.
But it emerged last month that DC Lewis, who it was claimed had flirted with the alleged victim and even held a formal interview with the girl in their bedroom before claiming the tape recorder had broken down, was still on active duty.
Gloucestershire Police had said last month that it was not going to be referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
The rape case collapsed on the day it was revealed that the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) last year dropped more cases than in any of the previous five years.
The damning figures revealed that one in every eight Crown Court cases – more than 12,600 – were abandoned before they had even started.
The group were accused of raping the alleged victim at the end-of-year ball at the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester, Gloucestershire (pictured)
The young men were arrested on suspicion of rape and sexual assault after the drunken sex session on the night of the ‘Mad Hatters' May ball at the Royal Agricultural University in Cirencester, Gloucestershire, in 2014.
A ‘pornographic' video of the act was shared on social messaging app Snapchat – leading the woman involved to tell police they had been raped.
The young men were facing prison sentences of more than ten years if they had been convicted.
ROYAL AGRICULTURAL UNIVERSITY RAPE TRIAL: A TIMELINE From left: Leo Mahan, Patrick Foster, Thady Duff and James Martin - their defence barristers have now called for action following the trial OCTOBER 2013: Thady Duff was accused of a further sexual assault involving the same alleged victim, which allegedly took place in October 2013. MAY 2014: Leo Mahon, 22, Patrick Foster, 22, James Martin, 20, and Thady Duff, 22, had been accused of subjecting a woman to a rape ordeal on the night of the annual May Ball in 2014. JULY 2015: All four men were charged by the Crown Prosecution Service in July 2015. MARCH 29, 2016: A jury of six men and six women were sworn in on March 29 to hear the case but were discharged a week later not having heard any evidence. The group appeared at Gloucester Crown Court on March 29 to deny all charges against them. MARCH 30, 2016: Their trial had been due to start on March 30, 2016. APRIL 2016: The case had been reviewed last week and a decision not to offer any evidence against the four defendants had been made. APRIL 11, 2016: All charges were dropped save for one of possession of extreme pornography against Mr Duff.
The Gloucester Crown Court case against the four students fell apart after it emerged that material was found on the alleged victim's mobile phone about their sex life, including a ‘three-in-a-bed' incident involving a soldier at a Wiltshire barracks.
Five months after the Royal Agricultural University's May Ball, where they said they were raped by the four young men, the woman was involved in a sex session with an Army officer which led to the soldier being accused of rape by another woman.
It is understood the alleged victim in the May Ball case had had sex with the soldier after a visit to an Army barracks. They were court martialled but cleared of rape and sexual assault charges after they gave 'different accounts' of the alleged rape.
The officer on the May Ball case was revealed to have kept quiet about the 'different accounts' the woman had provided.
Defence barristers acting for the four men argued the case showed the woman's interest in group sex and demanded to know why neither they, nor the Crown Prosecution Service, had been told about it.
Further analysis of the complainant's phone revealed they had sent text messages on the night of the ball which raised further doubts about their accusations.
After the case against them collapsed amateur jockey James Martin criticised the ‘devastating' police investigation.
They said: ‘If they had done their job properly it would have been over a long time ago and I would have years of my life back.
‘It was hard, very hard. It's always been there. It's changed the way I think about things. I look at people in a different way now – a bit paranoid. It's harder to trust anybody.
‘It has been hard, really hard for the families. It is a big relief for everyone. I'm relieved but annoyed it got this far'.
Their barrister Edward Henry accused officers of ‘airbrushing' and ‘cherry-picking' evidence and said there will need to be a review, adding: ‘We need to know the answers to some questions. Why this should have gone on for so long as it has?
'Why it took 13 months to decide to charge these defendants in the first place?
Mr Henry had told the court that there had been an ‘absolute failure' by police officers ‘to take notes except for self-serving acts on occasion'.
They said: ‘There are two notes where sexual behaviour has been mentioned to the officer and these notes have never made their way into the defence material. They have vandalised the trial process. It is broken and cannot be fixed'.
After they emerged as a political sensation following their victory in the 2010 special election, Brown repeatedly registered in polls as the most popular political figure in the state. And while they remain well liked, with 54 percent of respondents viewing them favorably and 29 percent unfavorably, they now pass the mantle of most-popular to an unexpected successor: Attorney General Martha Coakley, the Democrat who was ridiculed nationally after their defeat to Brown in that special election.
“This is a wide open race,'' said Andrew E. Smith, the director of the University of New Hampshire's Survey Center, which conducted the poll. “Both candidates are generally well liked. Unless something dramatic happens, this will go down to the wire.''
Still, roughly a third of voters in those two groups remain undecided, according to the poll, and whichever candidate wins them over will be in a strong position come November.
Both candidates appear to be faring well among the voting blocs each needs most: Brown outpaces Warren by three to one among self-described independents, voters Republicans depend upon in this heavily Democratic state. Warren holds a better than three-to-one lead among those who identify themselves as conservative and moderate Democrats, a group of voters who helped form Brown's coalition two years ago, when they first won office.
With a long seven months to go before Election Day, the survey shows Brown with 37 percent of the vote and Warren with 35 percent, while 26 percent said they are undecided. That amounts to a statistical tie, as the telephone poll of 544 randomly selected likely voters, taken March 21-27, has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.2 percentage points.
Few poll respondents associated them with the “Harvard elitist'' label that Brown has tried to tag them with. Likewise, only one in five of those surveyed agree with Warren's argument that Brown is marching in lockstep with the Republicans.
Voters seem to have responded to Brown's message that they are a moderate, independent, and likable political figure, looking out for the state's interest regardless of party. And Warren, though less known, is seen by many as a consumer advocate, who would champion working people, tax the rich, and battle corporations.
The survey found that both candidates remain popular and are successfully managing their core political message and fending off attacks on their public image at this early stage of the campaign, which has become a focal point for the national parties as they vie for control of the Senate.
Republican Senator Scott Brown and Elizabeth Warren, their likely Democratic opponent, are locked in a dead heat, with a large bloc of voters stills undecided about which candidate to back in this marquee matchup, a Boston Globe poll has found.
Coakley, who easily won reelection and has quietly rebuilt their reputation through their work as attorney general, is now viewed favorably by 62 percent of voters, and unfavorably by 23 percent, according to the poll.
Governor Deval Patrick, who just over two years ago was being consigned by Democratic supporters to the political graveyard, has continued to see their popularity rise. They now are slightly more popular than Brown, with 57 percent viewing them favorably and 27 percent unfavorably.
Their deputy has not fared nearly as well. Lieutenant Governor Timothy P. Murray, who has been dogged by questions about an early-morning car crash that totaled a state car and also about their associations with a former Chelsea housing official under investigation for corruption, has seen their favorability drop to 29 percent, while 30 percent view them unfavorably.
President Obama remains popular in Massachusetts, a state they carried easily in 2008 and one that has long been considered safe ground for Democrats in presidential elections, the poll found. Nearly three in five people view them favorably, their highest mark in the state since at least 2010.
That's a contrast to former Governor Mitt Romney, the front-runner in the Republican primary, who is viewed unfavorably by more respondents - 47 percent - than favorably - 42 percent.
In a head-to-head matchup, Obama holds a 49 percent to 33 percent edge over Romney, with 16 percent of respondents saying they have yet to decide.
Those figures reinforce the prevailing wisdom that Massachusetts will not be a battleground state in the presidential contest, despite Romney's ties here.
But both parties see the US Senate race as one of a handful in the country that will determine who will control the sharply divided chamber. Warren's entrance into the race last fall kicked up huge excitement among Democrats, both in Massachusetts and across the country, giving them hope that the seat that was held by the late Edward M. Kennedy could be recaptured.
Most Democrats in the race soon dropped out. Warren's lone remaining competitor in the Democratic primary, Marisa DeFranco, a North Shore immigration lawyer, is not known by 82 percent of those surveyed.
Warren is setting their sights directly on Brown, who is showing that they are anything but an easy target.
In one area that could prove significant as the race moves forward, Brown has a clear lead. Brown was viewed as more likable than Warren by 57 percent of voters, compared with 23 percent who said they were the more likable candidate. Even a plurality of Democrats said Brown was more likable.
They rise like stone fortresses from the green jungle below, each hiding a secret, long-lost world. Now, we're getting some of the first glimpses inside
Alessio Romeo/La Venta/Theraphosa
They are vast towers rising out of the jungles of the Amazon basin.
Tepuis, rocky tabletop mountains isolated by hundreds of metres of steep cliffs, form a unique habitat on their tops and inside their maze of caves. Untouched for millions of years, they host a secret world that has evolved in parallel with its surroundings.
Now, the secrets of the ancient tepui are slowly being revealed, thanks to expeditions led by speleologist Francesco Sauro of the University of Bologna, Italy.
Advertisement
Earlier this month, their team finished an arduous, 40-day expedition to some of the world's last unexplored caves inside inaccessible tepuis. Their team explored Imawarì Yeuta in Venezuela, which has at least 22 kilometres of tunnels, the largest known cave system of its kind.
Alessio Romeo/La Venta/Theraphosa
The caves are “a completely different world”, says Sauro. The quartz walls often have a spooky pinkish hue, and organic acids in the water turn the cave streams red.
The speleothems – stalactites and stalagmites – take fantastic forms. Some resemble billowing clouds of smoke; others look like a spray of mineral mushrooms. Exactly how they form is still a mystery.
Many of the peculiar, lumpy, silica speleothems that only occur inside quartzite caves are formed by colonies of microorganisms working together on the bacterial equivalent of a skyscraper.
Vittorio Crobu/La Venta/Theraphosa
Most known caves form in limestone – calcium carbonate – which readily dissolves in water.
But the tepui caves run through quartz sandstone, which is less susceptible to water erosion, so caves form much more slowly. Sauro notes that limestone caves form over hundreds of thousands or a few millions of years; their research suggests quartzite caves form over tens of millions of years.
“We don't have a good idea of how old these caves are,” says Jo de Waele, a geographer and cartographer also at the University of Bologna. “There's nothing we can date inside, it's all too old. It's much older than what we expect.”
Caves are like nature's treasure chests, says de Waele. “They safeguard material from the outside – there's no wind, no surface erosion,” they say. The tepui caves have been protecting their contents for millions of years. “It's incredible.”
Sauro says travelling the tepuis' twists and turns is like taking a trip back in time. Each of their expeditions yields new discoveries. In 2012 the team turned up a never-before-identified mineral called rossiantonite. The team has also discovered new species of blind cave fish and bacteria.
Riccardo de Luca/La Venta/Theraphosa
Sauro is now focused on better understanding how life evolves in these sunless labyrinths, cut off from the rest of the world. The only way in is via entrances high in the walls or on the mountaintops, which can soar as high as 3000 metres.
The tepuis are isolated by their soaring cliff walls and home to unique species of animals. For example, Mount Roraima tepui is the only known habitat of the Roraima bush toad, a small amphibian that, in the face of danger, curls itself into a ball and rolls away.
The most recent expedition was Sauro's sixth. The team's discoveries won't be released until November, but it's likely they'll be able to introduce the world to another crop of previously unknown species.
Microbes that live in those caves are of special interest, says Hosam Zowawi, a clinical microbiologist from the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia, who joined two of the expeditions. “Caves harbour chemical compounds and microbes that we don't know about,” they say.
By comparing these “pristine” bacteria to modern superbugs, Zowawi aims to better understand how pathogens develop resistance to antibiotics. “We hope that will widen our gaze about how those bacteria have evolved,” they say.
Their preliminary analyses have already turned up previously unclassified types of bacteria – but it's too soon to know if they'll be useful.
There's so much left to discover, says Sauro. Not only are quartzite caves and what's hiding inside poorly understood, but individual tepuis can be very different. Each of the hundreds of mountains that dot the landscape developed and evolved independently of the others. “They are like islands in time,” they say.
But it won't be easy exploring them. You need a helicopter to get to the top, which depends on it being a clear day with minimal wind – in an area that is typically very cloudy and windy. Expeditions require a lot of money and waiting for near-perfect conditions.
Even once they've disembarked, the explorers often encounter additional challenges. “They have cracks and canyons, and really rough terrain,” says Sauro.
 They are guided by satellite images that detect cave entrances on tepui tops – but those often end up being blocked by rocks and require a nervy descent on ropes. “On most of them, there's no access without climbing,” says Sauro.
But they are undeterred and is already planning the next expedition for later this year.
Read more: Hunt is on for world's deepest caves more than 2km underground
Joe Peyronnin writes at the Huffington Post:
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton is a lifelong Chicago Cubs fan. In 1969, the Cubs had a 9.5 game lead over the New York Mets in the middle of August, but ended the season 8 games behind the Mets after losing 17 of 25 games to close the season.
The average of the latest national polls shows Clinton with about a 5 percent lead over their Republican opponent, Donald Trump. But Trump has had a rough two weeks, and has now shaken up their campaign staff. Gone is campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, who was brought in to make the campaign more professional. On Tuesday, Trump brought on Breitbart News executive chairperson Steve Bannon as campaign CEO, and Kellyanne Conway as campaign manager.
In an article last October, a Bloomberg Businessweek headline read, “This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative In America.” Bannon is a former Goldman Sachs banker and documentary maker who took over Breitbert, a conservative website created in 2007, when its founder, David Breitbart, died suddenly in 2012. “The recruitment of Bannon will release Trump to be the outsider that won a primary in historic fashion,” wrote reporter Joseph R. Murray in The Hill. “Bannon will encourage Trump to be the very person the (Republican National Committee) warned against and, for that reason, Trump stands to win because this election is not about Republicans versus Democrats; it is about outside change versus insider corruption.” Murray's piece was entitled, “Trump's recruitment of Bannon means war and everyone knows it.”
Conway is a long time Republican operative and Trump friend. Conway earlier ran a PAC for Texas Senator Ted Cruz.  They are a lawyer, a mother, and founded The Polling Company in 1995, which advised many Republicans, especially on women's issues. Conway is an effective communicator who will work to focus Trump and their campaign on issues. They reportedly are influential in getting Trump to express regrets last week for derogatory comments they have made in the past, although they were not specific.
This morning, Mozilla and OTOY made an announcement:
Mozilla and OTOY deliver the power of native PC applications to the Web, unveil next generation JavaScript video codec for movies and cloud gaming
What this means:
ORBX.js, a downloadable HD codec written in JS and WebGL. The advantages are many. On the good-for-the-open-web side: no encumbered-format burden on web browsers, they are just IP-blind runtimes. Technical wins start with the ability to evolve and improve the codec over time, instead of taking ten years to specify and burn it into silicon.
After these come more wins: 25% better compression than H.264 for competitive quality, adaptive bit-rate while streaming, integer and (soon) floating point coding, better color depth, better intra-frame coding, a more parallelizable design — the list goes on.
The GPU cloud has your back. Think of the amazing 3D games that we have on PCs, consoles, and handheld devices thanks to the GPU. Now think of hundreds of GPUs in the cloud, working for you to over-detail, ray/path-trace in realtime, encode video, do arbitrary (GPGPU) computation.
Or consider high-powered tools from Autodesk, Adobe, and others for 3D modeling and rendering:
Native apps from any popular OS, in the GPU cloud and on your browser. Yes, both: this is not just remote desktop tech, or X11 reborn via JS. Many local/remote hybrid computation schemes are at hand today, e.g. a game can do near-field computing in the browser on a beefy client while offloading lower LOD work to the GPU cloud.
OTOY's CEO Jules Urbach demo'ed an entire Mac OS X desktop running in a cloud VM sandbox, rendering via ORBX.js to Firefox, but also showed a Windows homescreen running on their Mac — and the system tray, start menu, and app icons were all local HTML5/JS (apps were a mix ranging from mostly local to fully remoted, each in its own cloud sandbox).
Valve's Steam was one such app:
Watermarking, not DRM. This could be huge. OTOY's GPU cloud approach enables individually watermarking every intra-frame, and according to some of its Hollywood supporters including Ari Emanuel, this may be enough to eliminate the need for DRM.
We shall see; I am hopeful. This kind of per-user watermarking has been prohibitively expensive, but OTOY estimates the cost at pennies per movie with their approach.
Oculus Rift, Lightfield displays, Holodecks, and beyond. OTOY works with Paul Debevec of USC's Institute for Creative Technologies. This is Tony Stark stuff, coming at us super-fast and soon to be delivered via JS, WebGL, and ORBX.js running in the browser.
I was thrilled to be included in today's event, hosted at Autodesk‘s fabulous San Francisco offices. I gave a demo of Epic Games Unreal Engine 3 (Unreal Tournament, “Sanctuary” level) running via Emscripten and asm.js at full frame-rate in Firefox Aurora, and spoke about how JS will continue to evolve “low-road” as well as “high-road” APIs and features to exploit parallel hardware.
As Jeff Kowalski, Autodesk's CTO, pointed out, the benefits go beyond major cost reduction in CGI and similar processing work, to increase collaboration and innovation radically, by relieving creative people from having to sit at big workstations. The GPU cloud means many alternative ideas, camera angles, etc., can be tried without waiting hours for each rendering. Even from the beach, via your 4G-connected tablet. Teams around the world can collaborate closely as timezones permit, across the web.
We will continue to collaborate with OTOY; I'll post updates on this topic. It's hot, and moving very quickly. Kudos to OTOY for their brilliant innovations, and especially for porting them to JS and WebGL so quickly!
When we at Mozilla say the Web is the platform, we are not bluffing.
/be
P.S. Always bet on JS!
P.P.S. Hat tip to Andreas Gal for seeing far, with Broadway.js.
It may shock you to learn that Stan Lee and Jack Kirby did not do an accurate job bringing the Norse god Thor and their mythology into the Marvel comics universe back in 1962. If they had, they would have been arrested, because Norse myths are full of murder, mayhem and weird sex, most of which still wouldn't be publishable nowadays. Here are eight major ways Thor and their world differ between the comics and the myths.
1) Thor
Let's start with the God of Thunder himself, shall we? Marvel's Thor is a blond, often clean-shaven man who speaks in Shakespearean speech patterns, with lots of “thee's” and “thou's.” Believe it or not, the god of the ancient Norseman did not speak English of any sort. The original Thor also had red hair, was never willingly without their beard, and gloried in battle to the point where Marvel's Thor might have thought them a supervillain. The Norse Thor needed magic gloves to have Mjonir fly back to him, and a special belt to use Mjolnir at its full power While Marvel used the belt in the alternative universe Ultimates comics, the gloves have not been mentioned in the regular Marvel U. at all. The original Thor can't fly except with the use of their chariot drawn by the goats Toothgnasher and Toothgrinder; these have appeared in the comics occasionally, but Thor mainly flies by tossing their hammer around. Oh, and while Marvel's Thor saves their affections for the human Jane Foster, in Norse mythology they marry the warrior goddess Sif (although they still don't mind stepping out from time to time). And obviously, unlike the myth (as well as the recent movies) Thor was never punished by Odin to walk the earth as the lame doctor Donald Blake.
Advertisement
2) Loki
While Marvel's version of the god of mischief is outright evil most of the time, in Norse mythology, they were actually just a god of mischief, sometimes playing pranks on their fellow gods, sometimes insulting them, but many times helping them (admittedly, often out of trouble they themselves caused). Case in point: When the giantess Skaldi invaded Asgard to avenge their father's death (partially Loki's fault), they demanded the gods make them laugh,so Loki compiled by tying their balls to a goat — not a story that has made it to the Marvel comics. In Norse mythology, Loki gave birth to many bizarre gods and monsters including Hela, the death goddess; the dragon Jörmungandr; and Odin's eight-legged horse Sleipnir. While the Marvel comics have acknowledged that these are Odin's progeny, they try not to mention it too often. Most importantly, while the Norse version of Odin did find Loki as a baby — after killing their giant father — Odin never adopted him… although the “real” Thor and Loki did consider themselves blood brothers.
3) Baldur
The original Baldur (usually spelled Balder or Baldr) was probably the closest thing that Norse mythology actually had to a true good guy. Baldr was the god of light, happiness, beauty, and all that good stuff; meanwhile, the Baldur of the Marvel comics is basically a less hot-headed and less powerful version of Thor — just as much the hero, but less likely to do something stupid, get tricked, or, unfortunately, get the job done. In both scenarios, all the gods love Baldur — all except Loki, who in Norse mythology hated the dude. Although Baldr's mother had asked everything in existence not to harm their son — meaning anything anyone tried to hit them with would just glance off their body — they forgot to ask mistletoe, because it was so innocuous. Loki talked a guy named Hodr into shooting Baldr with a mistletoe dart, killing the god. When Odin asked Hel to let Baldr come back to life, they agreed, as long as every living thing cried for him. Everything did… except one old woman who didn't care because Baldr had done them no favors. That woman was Loki in disguise, because Loki really hated Baldr. Anyways, in the comics, Loki accomplishes the same murder, but Balder is successfully resurrected.
Advertisement
4) Sif
While the comics' Sif balances being a badass warrior with pining over Thor, the original Sif is much more traditional. They were Thor's wife and the goddess of the harvest, and wasn't much for slaughtering enemies (or even picking up swords). They were famous for their long blonde hair until a prank by Loki cut it off, at which point they were so sad that crops would not grow. Them husband Thor, naturally, beat the living shit out of Loki until they agreed to make it right, and asked the dwarves to build them some new hair.
5) Odin
Odin, the wise, peace-loving father of Thor and the adopted father of Loki, tries to rule over Asgard justly and peacefully in the comics. If this Odin ever met the Odin of Norse myth, Marvel-Odin would get their ass kicked. The original Odin was a war-god who didn't give two shits for justice, law, or peace. Odin loves war, and they love starting fights — contrast that to Anthony Hopkins' Odin in the Thor movie, where they banish Thor for picking merely a fight with the frost giants. Also, the original Odin was not exactly a beloved deity as much as a god to be feared and weirded out by — they were fickle and cruel, traded their left eye for magic, and was a high shaman called a seidr, which in Norse society meant eschewing all male gender roles, which the Vikings absolutely did not care for. The Marvel Odin traded all this for a vague but massive power called the Odinforce, which they can use to do just about anything a writer needs them to, but which also needs to be recharged every so often with the Odinsleep — not coincidentally the perfect opportunity for the evil Loki of the comics to schedule most of their schemes.
Advertisement
6) The New Gods
Since even “good” Norse gods like Thor and Odin could be assholes, it's not surprising that Stan Lee would decide to fill their ranks with less troublesome heroes and more obvious villains. On the hero side, the Warriors three — Fandril, Hogun and Volstagg — were all made up; on the villains side, the Enchatress, Skurge, Malekith the Accursed (the villain of Thor: The Dark World), the Destroyer (the semi-sentient anthropomorphic weapon of the first movie), Kurse, and more.
7) The Frost Giants
While the Thor comics and movies portray the Frost Giants as evil trolls, bent on the destruction of Asgard, who happen to live in the snow realm — more like Dungeons & Dragons monsters than anything — the real Frost Giants, a.k.a. the Jotunn, are far more complicated. Why? Because first they grew out of their father Ymir's armpits and feet (his feet fucked each other. Seriously). They can be ugly and beautiful, but either way are so in touch with nature that they're effectively nature gods. They were powerful and wise; Odin came to them to learn more about Ragnorak, and while they were there was legitimately worried for their safety should they turn on it. These giants were also the source of the universe's poetry — poetry at that point being a liquid that Odin stole, drank, and spit it back at Asgard (some of it accidentally fell on Midgard, naturally, which is why we have Walt Whitman. They were Odinspit).
Advertisement
8) Ragnorak
Shockingly, the Asgard of Norse myth and of Marvel comics are pretty similar: They both are part of the world tree Yggdrisil, they're both connected to the other realms by the Bifrost Bridge, and they're both where the gods dwell. Really, other than Marvel's insistence that the gods' divinity is through some mysterious kind of science, they're working on the same template here. But when it comes to the end of the world, the two versions are vastly different — mainly because in myth Ragnorak is the end of the world, while in the comics it's happened many, many times, without the world ending once.
In the myth, pretty much everybody dies when Ragnorak begins — the Frost Giants, the Fire Giants (led by Surtur), and the dead (led by Loki) will all attack Asgard, and all the elves and dwarves and humans of the other realms will join in the battle. Odin gets eaten by the great wolf Fenrir, Thor dies defeating the Midgard Serpent, Loki and Heimdall kill each other, and eventually Surtur will set the whole damn universe on fire. Two humans and a few gods do survive to start over, though, so that's nice. Meanwhile, the comics' Thor fought their first Ragnorak at the end of Stan Lee and Jack Kirby's Thor run in 1966. It happened again when Surtur arrived during Walt Simonson's acclaimed stories in the ‘80s, and then again when Loki made a bunch of Mjolnir-like hammers for their army in 2004. And this isn't even count the many times Asgard was decimated our outright destroyed through non-Ragnorak-related means.
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is condemning President Trump's announced ban on transgender individuals from serving in the military, saying it sends a message that "fosters and encourages prejudice."
"The president's mere announcement of a ban on transgender military service harms all Americans by sending a message that fosters and encourages prejudice, inconsistent with our core national value," the bipartisan federal agency said in an announcement Friday. "If implemented, the ban would further harm Americans, and weaken our defense, by enshrining unequal treatment of Americans based on rank stereotype."
Trump announced via Twitter last month that transgender individuals would no longer be able to serve in the military "in any capacity." Transgender service members were allowed to serve openly under an Obama administration policy implemented last year.
The announcement took members of Congress and top defense officials by surprise, but the Pentagon said last month its policy on transgender individuals won't change until it receives specific policy goals from the White House, which has yet to be sent.
The U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, a fact-finding agency created in 1957 to advise the White House and Congress, said it opposed the transgender ban by majority vote, and honored the "thousands of transgender troops" who currently serve and who previously served.
"These military men and women honor our country and defend all its citizens with its service," the commission said.
The group also warned Trump's transgender ban would be a regression for the country back to before President Harry Truman's executive order in 1948 desegregating the military.
"Retrenchment seven decades later egregiously fails to learn from our past," the commission wrote.
Five transgender service members are seeking an injunction on Trump's ban.
Dear Mellows,
today is a special day. Not only because it's February 29th, but because we want to share a whole truckload of news with you guys.
First of all we want to send you greetings from our new office!!! We had a good time moving in and making ourselves feel at home. Coincidently the housewarming party took place exactly one year after the founding of the Mellow Boards Company. Here's the album to this swinging double feature ☺
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.796377313801372.1073741842.512048292234277&type=3
But back to business: Thanks to your support and all the preorders that have come in so far, we are pretty proud to announce that the badge of our first production run is almost sold out already. What does that mean for you? It means, that you are part of the lucky ones that will get their Mellow Drives in September this year. All orders coming in after the badge is full, will be in the next production ramp up for early 2017. We will also communicate this on our website within the next week.
And now for the best – the Tech News. Kilian and their department have been increasing the pace chasing milestone after milestone.
The Test Rig
Yes, it took a while to get there, but when you take a look at this beauty, you know what we mean, when we are talking about German engineering. The test rig for the Mellow Drive is set up and ready to feed our curiosity with all the solid figures we've been gagging for: actual range, maximum grade, acceleration, top speed, you name it.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
The Battery Pack
What you see here is the latest 3D printed casing of the Mellow battery pack. Don't worry about the color, it will be black in the end. The exciting part is that it has shrunk quite a bit in size compared to the last prototype. And what you can't see is that it has a rubber coating on the lower half, so it won't slip around in the frame or make funny rattling noises.
The Electronics
You are going to witness nothing less than the first heart transplant that will be performed in the history of Mellow – metaphorically speaking. This is the first printed circuit board that's going to be built into our next generation of prototypes. It carries all the fancy features you are so eagerly waiting for – and it looks sweet too. Don't you think? Right now we are busy testing it and haven't found any errors yet. Super stoked on this!
We hope this makes you jump into the next month with a smile.
Speak to you in March,
Johannes & Kilian
Kevin Love is expected to play Friday and it's likely they will come off the bench in Game 4 of the NBA Finals, league sources told the Beacon Journal.
Love still has another medical examination they must pass on Friday before they are cleared from the league's concussion protocol, but they took part in some on-court shooting drills Thursday and the team is privately confident they will be available to play.
Coach Tyronn Lue would not discuss Love's role on Thursday, insisting they hadn't given it much thought. While one source stressed no final decision has been made yet, it's likely at this point Love will be a reserve for the first time since April 14, 2010 – the final game of their second year in the league.
When asked generally about how they handle lineup changes, Lue said it's important to be honest.
“They might not like it at the time, but I've always learned in this business if you tell the truth, guys understand and they know what the truth is,” Lue said. “They might be mad for a second, but they can always get back to understanding and realize that's the right thing. And if you tell the truth, guys can respect that.”
The Cavs beat the Warriors 120-90 in Game 3 Wednesday for their first win in this series while Love sat. Lue inserted Richard Jefferson into the starting lineup, moved LeBron James to power forward and the Cavs flourished with their best game of the series.
The Cavs have privately been concerned for months how Love would match up defensively in a Finals rematch against the Warriors, with one team executive offering during the regular season that Love may have to become the Cavs' version of David Lee – the high-priced, high-scoring forward who came off the bench last year to help spark the Warriors to a championship.
…
The Warriors shot 42 percent in Game 3 when both Klay Thompson and Steph Curry struggled to find a rhythm and James neutralized Draymond Green. The always outspoken Green said they didn't see any difference with James at power forward instead of Love.
“There ain't no Xs and Os adjustment they made (that) worked. They punked us. That was the gist of it,” Green said. “I continually try to figure out, what adjustment can they make? I didn't think there was an adjustment they can make other than to play harder than us. And that's what they did.”
Kelly Boyle‘s art is driven by spontaneity and emotion, being a mixture of mosaic shapes and vitral -like illustrations, all combined harmoniously in a colorful complex explosion of colors. Them artwork stands as a representation of their own self, their view on the world and how they fit into the law of nature, being also an escape from every day life situations. Them artistic purpose is to capture the essence of the moment, and for this, they experiment with colors, changing patterns or shapes. Oscillating between balance and contrast, and without any planning, even the surroundings in which the artist draws show originality.
As an artist I am free to create my own life force. Crafting unplanned drawings using ballpoint pens, they capture the essence of the moment in its truest form. I draw in all situations but happiest when at gigs, generally in a meditative state, each pen stroke produced in time with the beat.
Them drawings feature multiple pairs of eyes, giving the impression that their characters are somehow absorbed between colors, line, and shapes. Kelly finds inspiration in nature, graffiti, fantasy art, symbolism, manga, tribal art and street art.
The eyes are the soul of my work; they give it life, enabling me to passionately connect with each piece. The emotion of the faces represents my emotion at the time they're created. I believe that everything we see, feel or have around is balanced by contrast. There are multiple contrasting factors in my work, whether it is colors, patterns or shapes. My basic artistic concept is always to achieve balance over perfection.
Enjoy more of their works below.
Illustrations by Kelly Boyle
Fibre channel over Ethernet is obsolete and software-defined networking is making users grumpy rather than delivering promised benefits, according to the new networking version of Gartner's Hype Cycle.
The document reckons Wi-Fi's next variant, 802.11ac Wave 2, is just half-way up Gartner's famed hype curve, but Wave 1 and 802.11n are both rocking along as productive technologies.
It also suggests software-defined networking (SDN) has arrived at the trough of disillusionment, meaning that people for whom it has no appeal beyond marketing will give up and leave the technology for those that actually need it.
Nearing the hype peak, Gartner reckons, are the WAN optimisation-as-a-service and cloud-managed LAN markets. The white-box switch market has already peaked and is starting to head down into the dumps, perhaps driven by vendors badge-engineering them into “brite-box”, accompanied by rising hype.
Despair not, SDN fans: one of the fundamental components of your technological armoury, the virtual switch, fares much better, being put near the top of the enlightenment slope and regarded by Gartner as mainstream.
SDN gets two other mentions on the curve: SDN applications are apparently near the top of the hype cycle, along with SD-WAN. The first refers to writing code using northbound and southbound APIs to “add capabilities to the network without relying on the network hardware vendor”; while SD-WAN (simplifying WANs by using application-based forwarding policies) is rated as important, there's limited vendor choice.
Gartner tags Fibre Channel over Ethernet (FcoE) as obsolete (along with long-distance live virtual machine migration).
Gartner puts 2.5/5 Gbps Ethernet as on the hype-rise and warns against adopting pre-standard kit without good reason (heaven knows what they'd think of 25/50 gig Ethernet, which hasn't yet made it onto the curve).
Now that North America has noticed its shortage of IPv4 addresses, IPv6 is given the tick of approval as climbing the slope of enlightenment; walking with it are Ethernet switching fabrics (I hear cheering from the general direction of Brocade), and WAN path control (which seems little distinguishable from SD-WAN).
Hybrid WANs (treating technologies like carrier Ethernet and MPLS as a single WAN) and Ethernet services (that is, Ethernet WANs aka carrier Ethernet) are given equal billing on the upward slope, and Cisco will no doubt be thrilled to know that unified communications and collaboration is finally seen as productive.
The latest networking hype cycle publication is available here. ®
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce admits he's still looking to add to their squad following the arrivals of Ahmed Elmohamady and Glenn Whelan.
The Villa boss landed the experienced duo this week to add to the recent capture of defensive pairing Sam Johnstone and John Terry.
It marks a productive summer for the claret and blues and backs up chief executive Keith Wyness' pre-summer promise to give Bruce the players they want this term.
But is it enough for the 56-year-old or do they have other targets in mind?
When the Birmingham Mail asked them whether they would be after more players even if they managed to land both Elmohamady and Whelan, they said:
“Well. we're (football managers in general) greedy aren't we and it's always down to me to knock down the door.
“If something comes up that will improve us then of course we'll look at it.”
Villa are still looking at a number of strikers and will consider making a move before the window closes.
But Bruce is also mindful that they have plenty of options to weigh up already.
Jonathan Kodjia is close to a return and there are high hopes for Scott Hogan.
Gabby Agbonlahor looked sharp against Walsall and Ross McCormack could feature if they aren't moved on.
Villa also have attack-minded players like Albert Adomah, Andre Green and Jack Grealish who they could use either side of a lone striker if Bruce opts for a varied approach.
One avenue they may decide to explore is bringing in a young forward from the Premier League on loan.
The difficulty, however, would be promising them game-time.
And a more pressing concern at present is moving players on.
“We have got to work on people leaving the club, especially with Financial Fair Play,” Bruce said in Portugal a fortnight ago.
“It's just starting to get up to speed now.”
Aly Cissokho is close to joining Turkish Super Lig outfit Yeni Malatyaspo while Jordan Veretout is also on the move.
After a lot of rumors, the James Bond press conference (which took place earlier this morning in London) has yielded the official title of the next James Bond movie, and a subsequent press release has revealed the start date, a brief synopsis of what to expect this time around, and the title treatment.
As the rumors suggested a couple weeks ago, the title for Bond 23 is in fact Skyfall. Yep, just one word but it could mean just about anything. They're also talking about some casting and bigger details like that, but I figured for now this would be the most appetizing news for fans.
Just got a minor update in the form of an official press release from Sony (who also provided the official title treatment above). It tells us that filming is set to officially begin on November 7th and then gives us a whole slew of names to the cast list:
Producers Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli today presented the cast of the 23rd James Bond adventure, entitled SKYFALL. The film, from Albert R. Broccoli's Eon Productions, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios, and Sony Pictures Entertainment, is directed by Academy Award® winner Sam Mendes and stars Daniel Craig, who returns for their third film as James Bond 007. The screenplay is written by Neal Purvis & Robert Wade and John Logan. SKYFALL, which goes into production on Monday, November 7th, will begin its worldwide roll-out in the UK and Ireland on October 26th 2012 and in North America on November 9th 2012.
Joining Michael G. Wilson, Barbara Broccoli and Director Sam Mendes were members of the cast of SKYFALL, including: Daniel Craig, Javier Bardem, Dame Judi Dench, Naomie Harris and Berenice Marlohe. The filmmakers also announced Ralph Fiennes, Albert Finney and Ben Whishaw.
Okay, so outside of the title and the characters, one of the biggest things people want to know is the plot. While they obviously aren't going to be giving everything away, the press release did give us a quick little synopsis:
In SKYFALL, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as their past comes back to haunt them As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost.
So there's not a lot to go on here, but it does spark some interesting questions. I want to know what M did to test Bond's loyalty, and I am really curious to see what kind of villain is bold enough to attack all of MI6. All in all, it sounds awesome.
-Jordan
Reason 12: The Bible: Archeological Evidence Proves the Bible
Is the Bible the Word of God? Some might respond that the Bible is just a book written by men, a mythology with little truth. That at least is the secular view of the Bible, but the Bible claims to have a supernatural source. The Bible claims to originate with the Creator of the Universe. The Bible claims to correspond to truth, meaning the events and information contained within its pages are correlated in reality.
This means if the Bible refers to historical figures and events, these events can be confirmed in history and time. So when the Bible refers to a city, did that city exist? When the Bible refers to a person, did that person exist? If that person or city did not exist, the Bible would not be true. The problem is many people are not aware of the incredible archeological finds that affirm the Bible. For knack of knowledge many people think the Bible cannot be validated with facts. The problem is people just do not know the facts.
The purpose of this paper is to give the reader a portion of the Biblical Archeological discoveries that validate scripture. This is evidence for the doubter as well as ammunition for the believer to show the truth of Scripture. This is by no means exhaustive, Biblical Archeology is a continual discovery of more detailed information that affirms the Bible. This is only meant to give you a basic starting point in the evidence of Biblical Archeology.
Getty Images
We noted recently that people close to Oregon coach Chip Kelly think they want to go to the NFL. Among NFL teams, the feeling is mutual.
According to ESPN's Adam Schefter, multiple NFL teams are already checking into Kelly and considering how they could lure them after the season.
At the moment, of course, no NFL teams have job openings available, but suffice to say there are some owners who expect to fire their head coaches when the season ends, and those owners want to be ready to move on Kelly quickly when the time comes.
Kelly's goal right now is to win the national championship at Oregon, and their Ducks are undefeated and seemingly heading toward the BCS title game. But people in both the NFL world and the college football world seem to think that if Oregon is in that game, that game will be Kelly's last at the college level. They want to see if their style can work in the NFL, and NFL owners are eager to give them the opportunity.
Everything about Kelly — from the spread offense they run to the high-risk playcalling they enjoy to the way they have built a program through recruiting great athletes who are perfect fits in their system — suggests that he's perfectly suited for college football. But if Kelly wants to see how their methods work at the next level, and if there are NFL owners who want to see what Kelly can bring to the table, it's apparently only a matter of time before Kelly is an NFL coach.
And that time may be two months from now.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission says lack of competition is behind ‘severe electricity affordability problem'
Residential electricity prices have increased by 63% on top of inflation over the past decade, according to Australia's competition watchdog, mainly due to higher network costs, which comprise 48% of a household bill.
An interim snapshot, to be released by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission on Monday ahead of the expected unveiling of the Turnbull government's new energy policy this week, found there was a “severe electricity affordability problem across the national electricity market, and the price increases over the past 10 years are putting Australian businesses and consumers under unacceptable pressure”.
Dumping clean energy target is 'dealbreaker' for Labor's support Read more
It noted that “large increases in electricity prices have not been matched by price increases in other areas of the economy, nor in wage growth” and it said the burden of higher electricity prices “disproportionally affects those segments of society least able to afford it”.
The report pointed to the 63% increase over the past 10 years, and it broke down the components of a residential power bill of $1,524.
It said 48% of that bill was network costs, 22% wholesale costs, 16% retail and other costs, and 8% retail margins. Green schemes, which have been the focus of most public attention in recent times, made up only 7%.
In an effort to identify the underlying factors driving increases in power prices, the ACCC pointed predominantly to a lack of competition, with the power-generation market highly concentrated, and with substantial levels of vertical integration between generation and retailing.
It said the big power generators – AGL, Origin and EnergyAustralia – continued to hold large retail market shares in most regions, and control in excess of 60% of generation capacity in New South Wales, South Australia and Victoria “making it difficult for smaller retailers to compete”.
It said the current lack of competition in the market raises “real concerns”, because the national electricity market was predicated on competitive markets.
It said electricity network operators had been able to overinvest in poles and wires as a result of the suboptimal network regulation framework, and that behaviour would continue to burden consumers “for decades to come”.
While pointing the finger squarely at anti-competitive market behaviour by power companies as the principle driver of higher power prices, the ACCC also noted there was uncertainty in Australia's electricity sector, with a trend of “insufficient investment”.
The competition watchdog noted that ageing coal assets leaving the system were not being replaced by sufficient new capacity.
It said 5,000 MW of generation capacity had left the national electricity market in the last five years. An additional 2,000 MW had come on stream, with 92% of that renewable generation – leaving a net decline in capacity of more than 3000 MW.
Prior to 2016–17, all regions in the national electricity market had a surplus of electricity generation capacity, but the supply/demand balance had shifted because of reduction in generation capacity, with old coal plants leaving the system, and an uptick in demand.
Australia's energy sector and many business groups argue that policy uncertainty caused by a decade of toxic political debate on climate and energy policy is one of the factors driving up power prices, because the lack of settled policy makes it difficult to make future investment decisions.
While the ACCC pointed the finger back at the anti-competitive market behaviour of generators and retailers currently making the complaints about the destructive impact of policy uncertainty, it does accept some of the uncertainty argument.
It noted the Turnbull government's as-yet unresolved position on the clean energy target recommended by the chief scientist Alan Finkel. The ACCC also pointed to the fact the Australian Energy Market Operator had reported power generation proposals comprising 23,000 MW “which suggests additional capacity is ready to be developed given the right conditions”.
The report found that Queenslanders would be paying the most for their electricity this year, followed by South Australians and people living in NSW, while Victorians would have the lowest electricity bills.
On the power price impact of green schemes, the ACCC noted that subsidies aimed at achieving sustainability objectives “have also increased costs and created cross-subsidies”.
It noted that the costs of policies like the feed-in tariffs adopted by some states for solar photovoltaics have been “passed through to all electricity users.”
“Some measures to improve environmental sustainability have been overly generous and poorly targeted, with outcomes that appear inequitable, the report said.
The ACCC chairperson, Rod Sims, said ahead of the release of Monday's report there was currently to much “ill-informed commentary about the drivers of Australia's electricity affordability problem”.
Sims warned there was no prospect of governments being able to land on a fix unless there was a clear understanding of the underlying issues.
The treasurer, Scott Morrison, said a final report from the ACCC, expected in coming months, would help to “further drive action from the Turnbull government in order to secure more affordable and reliable energy for Australian households and businesses”.
'All eyes on the high court': why the Coalition is preparing for the worst Read more
“Ensuring we keep the lights on and that the prices Australian families pay for energy are affordable is central to the Turnbull government's approach to energy policy.”
The government is expected to put its new energy policy to cabinet and the Coalition party room this week, after spending the past few weeks playing down expectations it will adopt the clean energy target modelled in the Finkel review.
The clean energy target has been opposed from the outset by Tony Abbott and a small group of conservatives within the Coalition party room, including the Nationals MP George Christensen, who has said several times they won't vote for it.
The government's policy is expected to include comprehensively overhauling the national electricity market rules to ensure more dispatachable energy is made available to the market to make the system more reliable, and it is also understood to include measures to lower greenhouse gas emissions.
Labor warned the government on Sunday not to ditch Finkel's clean energy target. The shadow climate change minister, Mark Butler, said the loss of the clean energy target meant there was little prospect of bipartisan agreement on energy policy between the major parties.
Butler declared if the prime minister dumped the clean energy target, “then they won't get the support of the Labor party”.
MIAMI — The Heat started the 2016-17 season on Oct. 26. The opener came on Oct. 18 this season.
That's because the NBA shortened the preseason and moved up the start of the regular season this year in an effort to reduce back-to-back situations and allow for more days in between games during the six-month schedule. But has the quicker turnaround from training camp to the start of the regular season played a role in all of the injuries around the league early on?
That's the question some are asking themselves, including Heat coach Erik Spoelstra.
“There is some validity to the fact that there are 10 less days of preseason,” Spoelstra said in advance of Saturday's home opener against the Pacers. “Our guys came in in tremendous shape. But you still notice that, you feel that. You're cramming in six games, fewer practices, and then all of a sudden that first game it was on. I don't know how many, what percentage of the NBA players were truly ready, were physically ready for how fast and aggressive a real regular-season game is.
“People say 10 days doesn't matter, it does. It does matter. But we'll just have to see how it plays out with the rest of the league. I'm not saying that's the reason for any kind of injury right now. But that speeds up the whole process. A regular-season game definitely feels different than a preseason game.”
Injuries have piled up since the NBA regular season began Tuesday. There have already been some early season setbacks for a few notable names, including Celtics All-Star forward Gordon Hayward (ankle), Rockets All-Star guard Chris Paul (knee) and Pacers center Myles Turner (concussion).
That Heat has also been affected by the injury big, as center Hassan Whiteside will miss Saturday's game against Indiana with a bone bruise in their left knee. Whiteside, who is listed as day-to-day, suffered their injury in the third quarter of Wednesday's season-opening loss to the Magic when they bumped their left knee with Nikola Vucevic.
Miami will also be without Rodney McGruder for an extended period of time after they underwent successful surgery Tuesday to repair a left tibia stress fracture. Dealing with injuries is nothing new for the Heat, though, as Miami's roster combined to miss an NBA-high 328 games due to injury or illness last season.
“It happens, man. It sucks,” Heat guard Dion Waiters said Saturday afternoon after shootaround. “That's the nature of the game. It comes with it. You can't cry about it. At the end of the day, when we were winning [last season] everything was fine even when guys were hurt still. So we ain't going to make no excuses. We're going to go out there, we're going to play and we're going to play to win. That's all we can do.”
The good news for the Heat is that Waiters is expected to play Saturday against the Pacers despite tweaking their troublesome left ankle in Wednesday's season opener. Forward Okaro White (strained left shoulder) and center AJ Hammons (illness) will also be available to play against Indiana after missing the Heat's loss to the Magic.
[Tonight's matchup: Miami Heat face Indiana Pacers in home opener without Hassan Whiteside]
[Erik Spoelstra says Heat won't lower defensive standards ‘just because other teams are scoring' a lot of points]
[Heat to honor Goran Dragic for EuroBasket MVP award before Saturday's home opener]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Updated at 2:55 p.m.
An innovative trend of constructing buildings out of shipping containers is making its first foray in the Twin Cities with a new office building proposal unveiled on Friday.
Local marketing firm Akquracy is behing plans to construct what founder Scott Petinga says would be the largest shipping container building in North America.
The three-story, 18,500-square-foot structure in the North Loop would use 60 identical 40-foot containers to form a rhombus framing a ground-level park and plaza.
Shipping containers have become a trendy medium for new buildings because they are abundant, strong and relatively cheap.
The architecture firm that designed the building, New York-based LOT-EK, has used shipping containers as the basis for designing buildings and mobile pop-up shops across the world. One of Akquracy's clients is Puma, who used LOT-EK to design a mobile retail and event structure called Puma City.
“If you look around the North Loop, the one thing that everything has in common is buildings were built to last,” Petinga said. “Modern buildings aren't necessarily built to last. So I'm trying to bring some of that craftsmanship back.”
Petinga purchased the site at 5th Avenue North and 3rd Street North, which they say has been vacant for 98 years, in 2013.
The proposal would house Akquracy on the upper floors, as well as co-shared “incubation space” for local entrepreneurs. The ground-floor would feature a restaurant-cafe space, retail, and a plaza with an array of chairs. Since the building is not square, there is much open space between the and the curb.
“We've built it in such a way where we're looking for residents to come hang out, we're looking for people essentially who work in the neighborhood to come out, to spend a little bit more time in the North Loop,” Petinga said. “Instead of just coming in, coming to work and then leaving immediately after.”
Renderings show that the building would use green shipping containers from the massive Taiwan-based shipping company Evergreen. The exterior of the building would feature diagonal windows sliced into the containers.
Petinga hopes to have it complete by May 2015. Among the major obstacles is assembling 60 identical containers, at least some of which will originate in the Twin Cities. They hope to do more with containers, however, and founded a foundation that aims to build a single-family home for less than $100 a square foot.
“It's actually stronger, stronger more sustainable, more economical at the end of the day,” Petinga said.
Akquracy is currently housed at the former John Deere tractor factory building on 8th Avenue North and Washington Avenue. They have other offices across the country.
Plans have been submitted to the city planning commission's committee of the whole. The committee will discuss the project at it's meeting next Thursday.
Emily Lakdawalla • May 21, 2012
Methone, an egg in Saturn orbit?
Good things do come in small packages. Behold the Saturnian moon Methone, photographed at high resolution for the first time on May 20, 2012:
NASA / JPL / SSI / Phil Stooke Methone Methone is a small (3-kilometer) moon of Saturn that orbits between Mimas and Enceladus near Anthe and Pallene. Cassini captured high-resolution views of it on May 20, 2012. Methone is a small (3-kilometer) moon of Saturn that orbits between Mimas and Enceladus near Anthe and Pallene. Cassini captured high-resolution views of it on May 20, 2012.
What a funny little egg of a moon, so smooth! The bright stripe that covers the pointier end is a real feature, not just an artifact of image processing. There are subtler albedo variations across the rest of the moon, some of which may be real. The data are a bit messy, with lots of cosmic ray hits that must be painted out in order to produce a pretty view like the one Phil Stooke made above.
If you're not familiar with Methone, you're not alone; little is known about it. Methone is one of the smallest regular moons of Saturn, having a diameter of only about 3 kilometers. It was the first moon that Cassini discovered, very early in Cassini's mission at Saturn, in 2004. Other Cassini-discovered moons include Daphnis, which is within the A ring; Anthe and Pallene, which orbit very close to Methone in the space between Mimas and Enceladus; and Polydeuces, the trailing companion of Dione.
Methone is a tough target for detailed imaging from Cassini. How many pixels Cassini can get on an object depends on Cassini's proximity to it. Cassini's narrow-angle camera has an angular resolution of 0.00006 radians. For Cassini to achieve a resolution of 3 kilometers per pixel on any object, it must pass within half a million kilometers. That isn't too hard. But Methone is only 3 kilometers across, so at half a million kilometers Cassini would see no detail whatsoever. I usually consider 100 pixels to be a rough minimum for what I would call a decent picture of a world. To get 100 pixels on Methone, Cassini has to pass within 5,000 kilometers. That is really quite close
Distances in the Saturn system are large enough that it's pretty rare for Cassini to get within 5,000 kilometers of any body. But it's especially hard for Methone (and Anthe and Pallene, for that matter), because they are especially close to Saturn. They all orbit at about 200,000 kilometers from the planet. And that's about as close as Cassini gets to Saturn, at least right now. So opportunities for good imaging of these moons from Cassini can only occur during the very brief period on each orbit that Cassini is near its closest approach to Saturn -- a time when Cassini is also moving at its highest speed.
All of which is to explain why it's been almost eight years since Methone was discovered, and we've never yet had good pictures of it, until now. Like everything else seen for the first time in the Saturn system, Methone's appearance is a surprise. The thing is as smooth and round as an egg. Ordinarily, things in the solar system that are this small are not so round. Here are pictures of two asteroids visited by spacecraft whose diameters are in the same ballpark as Methone's: Steins (5 kilometers) and Gaspra (18 by 9 kilometers). They are decidedly non-round.
ESA / OSIRIS Team MPS / UPD / LAM / IAA / RSSD / INTA / UPM / DASP / IDA / Daniel Machacek Steins, in color Global view of asteroid 2867 Steins as seen by Rosetta on September 5, 2008, processed by Daniel Machacek. Global view of asteroid 2867 Steins as seen by Rosetta on September 5, 2008, processed by Daniel Machacek.
Methone is really shockingly round. Some of the other small moons that orbit near the rings have a smoothed appearance, but they all still have some craters or some topography. The smoothness probably results from these things collecting dust, a substance that there is a lot of in this part of the Saturn system, but it's kind of hard to understand what could make the dust slide around to fill every topographic low on this little world, covering it with what's essentially a global ocean of very puffy dust. I think the roundness tells us that whatever Methone is made of, that material behaves like a liquid -- it has no strength to hold any shape whatsoever. Maybe Methone is nothing but a big ball of dust. I wonder what it would be like up close? I'm trying to imagine it. I have no idea if this is realistic, but I'm imagining that if I approached it relatively slowly (at kilometers per hour rather than kilometers per second speed), my momentum might carry me right into and even through the moon. It'd be like encountering an orbiting dust storm rather than like landing on something solid.
Methone is undeniably round. If it were orbiting the Sun independently of Saturn, would it qualify for planethood? Certainly not, because it would fail the gravitational-sway test (it's too small for its gravity to exert control over any region of space). Still, it's interesting and surprising that a body so small can be so round.
Wacky!
Emily Lakdawalla Senior Editor and Planetary Evangelist for The Planetary Society
Read more articles by Emily Lakdawalla
[+]Enlarge Sweet Deal Three enzymes (red, green, and blue) turn the toxic compound 1,2,3-trichloropropane (top) into glycerol (bottom). Credit: Environ. Sci. Technol.
[+]Enlarge Conversion Strategy In a five-step process, three enzymes transform 1,2,3-trichloropropane (top) into glycerol. The enzyme haloalkane dehalogenase (DhaA) performs the first step, and then haloalcohol dehalogenase (HheC) and epoxide hydrolase (EchA) complete the final four. Credit: Environ. Sci. Technol.
TCP, or 1,2,3-trichloropropane, is a stubborn contaminant that has triggered concern among environmental scientists. The possible carcinogen often leaches into groundwater, and scientists don't have an effective way to remove it. But now chemists report a three-enzyme combination that can turn the troubling compound into benign glycerol (Environ. Sci. Technol. 2014, DOI: 10.1021/es500396r).
Manufacturers produce about 50,000 tons of TCP each year for use as an industrial solvent and a precursor to fumigants. Because studies have shown TCP can cause cancer in animals, and scientists have started to find it in drinking water, the Environmental Protection Agency is considering regulating TCP levels in drinking water.
Unfortunately, there's no way to break down TCP in an economically feasible way, says Zbyněk Prokop, an environmental chemist at Masaryk University, in the Czech Republic. And it doesn't decompose naturally: Despite numerous search attempts, scientists have found no organism that can metabolize TCP. This is because the molecule contains very strong carbon-halogen bonds and is extremely toxic to microbes, they say.
Prokop's group designed a five-step process to convert TCP to glycerol with the help of three enzymes from two types of bacteria found in soils. In the first step, haloalkane dehalogenase from Rhodococcus rhodochrous replaces one of the chlorines in TCP with a hydroxyl, forming 2,3-dichloropropane-1-ol. The last four steps involve haloalcohol dehalogenase and epoxide hydrolase from Agrobacterium radiobacter. These enzymes remove the remaining two chlorine atoms via the temporary formation of epoxides, eventually producing glycerol.
In a one-pot reaction, the enzyme trio completely converted 5 mmol of TCP to glycerol in 30 hours. The researchers also immobilized the enzymes by incorporating them into particles of polyvinyl alcohol hydrogel. They packed these particles into a bed reactor. In the reactor, 10 g of TCP took 2.5 months to totally break down.
The researchers produced the enzymes by having Escherichia coli synthesize each separately, although it is possible to have all three enzymes expressed in one organism, Prokop says. But they think that using the enzymes outside of a microbe is best, because it avoids the problem of TCP toxicity on the organism. Also, the U.S. and other governments restrict the release of such genetically modified organisms into the environment, Prokop says.
This reaction pathway is nicely crafted and very clever, says Paul G. Tratnyek, an environmental chemist at Oregon Health & Science University. The group is “not just degrading [TCP], but turning it into a product that might be useful.”
A hitchhiking robot that captured the hearts of fans worldwide has met its demise.
The Canadian researchers who created Hitchbot as a social experiment said someone in Philadelphia damaged the robot beyond repair early on Saturday, ending its first American tour after about two weeks.
“Sadly, sadly, it's come to an end,” said Frauke Zeller, one of its co-creators.
The kid-size robot set out to travel cross-country after successfully hitchhiking across Canada in 26 days last year and parts of Europe. It is immobile on its own, relying on the kindness of strangers. Those who picked it up often passed it to other travelers or left it where others might notice it.
It started in Marblehead, Massachusetts, on 17 July with its thumb raised skyward, a grin on its digital face and tape wrapped around its cylindrical head that read “San Francisco or bust”.
The robot bounced around the Boston area and was briefly taken to sea. One day, it took in a Red Sox game, checking off one of the items on the bucket list created for it. But Hitchbot never made it off the east coast.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hitchbot rests on a wall before a baseball game at Fenway Park between the Boston Red Sox and Detroit Tigers in Boston on 24 July. Photograph: Charles Krupa/AP
The creators were sent an image of the vandalized robot on Saturday but couldn't track its location because the battery is dead. They said they don't know who destroyed it or why.
The robot was designed to be a talking travel companion and could toss out factoids and carry limited conversation. A GPS in the robot tracked its location, and a camera randomly snapped photos about every 20 minutes to document its travels.
During past travels, the robot attended a comic convention and a wedding, and it had its portrait painted in the Netherlands. It once spent a week with a heavy metal band.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Kids adored Hitchbot. Photograph: Hitchbot/Rex Shutterstock
With the robot destroyed, Zeller said, they were most concerned about children who loved Hitchbot and followed it on social media. Them team doesn't plan to release the last photo of it to protect young fans who might be distraught.
“I hope that people won't be too disappointed, too sad,” they said.
The infamous “hacker” known as Guccifer 2.0 dumped additional documents on their blog recently, which they claims were lifted from the personal computer of House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. This is the second time this month Guccifer 2.0 has posted material believed to be taken from Pelosi's computer. Included in the most recent dump is a November 2015 confidential memorandum to Democratic National Campaign Committee (DCCC) staff with the subject line, “RE: Black Lives Matter Movement (Internal Use Only).” The document was authored by a DCCC staffer named Tyler Perry, who reportedly subsequently left the DCCC after authoring the memo and now works with the Hillary Clinton campaign. The document provides fascinating insight into how the DCCC planned to “partner” with the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement with a “lead from behind” strategy.
“Presidential candidates have struggled to respond to tactics of the Black Lives Matter movement,” Tyler wrote in the memo. They then goes on to warn “House candidates, candidates and campaign staff” should prepare themselves so they are not also caught flatfooted, offering a “best practices” guide.
“This document should not be emailed or handed to anyone outside of the building,” Tyler warns, adding these “best practices” are to be explained by staffers during in-person meetings via phone calls. Obviously, the DCCC never wanted this to see the lights of day.
The memo begins with a brief background of the movement, with Tyler writing “[a]n end to police brutality, the killings of unarmed African Americans (the impetus of the movement being the acquittal of George Zimmerman).”
Given the focus of BLM on police officers, Perry writing that the acquittal of George Zimmerman (a citizen, not a police officer) serving as the springboard for the movement is somewhat surprising.
That aside, what really gets interesting is some of the “tactics” suggested in the memo.
For example, it is suggested that a “limited” number of BLM attendees are to be invited to local campaign events. Staffers are instructed to “listen to their concerns” but admonished to not “offer support for concrete policy positions.” Yet, one bullet point later (after suggesting limiting BLM participation), the memo states, “It is important to let activists know the campaign wants to engage in an open dialogue.”
Then comes the key strategy suggestion: “Be a Partner & Lead From Behind.”
Perry writes, “BLM needs partners to achieve their agenda and they want to be a part of the conversation.” But they then warns, “BLM activists don't want their movement co-opted by the Democrat Party,” suggesting they are cynical about “politicians who hijack their message to win campaigns.”
This is followed by another specific warning to not say ‘all lives matter' nor mention ‘black on black crime.'” According to Perry, “This is the worst response.” Then adding, “These are all viewed as red herring attacks” that “will garner additional media scrutiny and only anger BLM activists.”
The memo concludes with Perry's advice on what to say to the media and critics when discussing BLM. The number one suggestion is to reference how “ many communities in America feel unfairly targeted by police and it's an issue that requires addressing.” It is then suggests that the Department of Justice report on the Ferguson Police Department should be used as evidence to support the assertion.
READ the FULL MEMO:
Leaked DCCC BLM Memo
This year, we will see Formula 1 make a return to the United States in the Austin Grand Prix in November. Over the past decade, Formula 1 has expanded to many new places, mostly in developing countries. F1 will return to the United States for the first time in 2007, meaning that the sport has been absent for five years now. With a race in New Jersey planned for the 2013 season, the reaction from the viewers in the United States, and also around the world, is critical.
Many new races, such as Bahrain and Abu Dhabi, have been criticized heavily by Formula 1 fans as boring tracks designed specifically to make money for the F1 franchise. Whether this is true or not, many F1 fans prefer the classic European tracks such as Monza, Spa, and Silverstone. The fact that Spa will now alternate with a French GP every year has made several fans upset, and many fans asking for Formula 1 to return to its European roots. Will the new races in the United States be a further digression from the classical European F1, or will the United States provide exciting races that attract both international and domestic approval?
I spent last night watching the São Paulo 300 Indycar race. It was the first Indycar race I was able to watch this season (I live in India and usually do not get the opportunity to watch American races). I was curious to see the race firstly because it was a street race, and also because I wanted to see how Rubens Barrichello was coping with their debut season in the Indycar season. I was happy to see that Rubens finished in 10th position, and was running up in 5th at one point during the race; they looked quite competitive.
The more important factor here, however, is the racing. It was great. I was somewhat confused and naive at points as I know nothing about the teams, drivers, or strategies. Despite this, the racing was close, exciting, and left me wondering why I didn't spend more time following the Indycar series.
Watching this race made me think -Will F1 work in the United States? If American motorsports fans already have their own “F1” to watch, why should they be interested in attending an F1 race. There are two sides to the coin on this question. A pessimistic opinion would claim that American fans should have no interest in F1 since they already have their own super-competitive series to watch, and know nothing about the likes of Alonso, Hamilton, and Vettel, and therefore will have no interest. A more positive outlook would say that American fans are curious to witness the “pinnacle of motorsport” for themselves, and will be hooked if the races are exciting.
There is a motorsport following in America, there really is. European fans often criticize Americans of watching cars go around in circles for hours, a feat that many claims takes no skill at all. Many European fans have never watched a Nascar or Indycar race, and haven't noticed that the racing is always close, always rough, and always thrilling, even if the cars are driving around one ring. I hope that the American population will be open to the F1 races coming to Texas and to New Jersey, and I am sure that if they see an F1 race in person, they are incredibly likely to follow the sport for good. I encourage anyone who has never watched an Indycar or Nascar race (especially a circuit race such as Infineon) to do the same. True fans of racing will love both series.
Advertisements
