House votes to kill funding for high-speed rail TRANSPORTATION
Washington --
The House passed a spending bill on Thursday that kills high-speed rail funding for the current fiscal year. The Senate is expected to follow suit, which means California should not expect the billions of dollars in federal aid on which its futuristic plan for bullet trains depends.
"By zeroing out high-speed intercity passenger rail funding, we are being given the unique opportunity to refocus and reform the high-speed rail program on the rail lines that will produce the most benefit for the least amount of cost," said Rep. Bill Schuster, R-Pa.
California's system envisions the first truly high-speed-rail network in the country, with trains running as fast as 220 mph racing down the San Joaquin Valley, linking Sacramento to San Diego and tying into the Peninsula to link San Francisco and San Jose.
But Republicans want to focus funding on Amtrak's busy northeast corridor linking Boston, New York and Washington. They said the administration had spread the money too thin with a nationwide plan.
President Obama and Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, a former House Republican, had made high-speed rail a centerpiece of their transportation and stimulus policies. Obama had asked for $8 billion in funding for next year and $53 billion over six years for a nationwide system.
Several Republican governors elected in 2010 rejected funds their states were granted, and California picked up hundreds of millions of those dollars. So far, the state has received $3.9 billion.
Gov. Jerry Brown and the state's top Democrats continue to support the plan. California hopes to start the first phase of construction between Fresno and Bakersfield next year and complete it in three to five years at a cost of $6 billion - $3.3 billion in federal funding and $2.7 billion in state bonds.
When California voters authorized a $10 billion bond issue for the project in 2008, the cost was estimated at $45 billion, with projected completion by 2020. But a new estimate released by the California High Speed Rail Authority this month doubled that cost to nearly $100 billion, with estimated completion in 2029. Supporters call the new projections realistic and tough but doable.
You are invited to read this free preview of the upcoming centenary issue of the New Statesman, out on 11 April. To purchase the full 180-page magazine - with an incredible array of essays, commentary, reviews, fiction and poetry by the likes of Boris Johnson, Ali Smith, Stewart Lee, A S Byatt, Mehdi Hasan, John Gray, Will Self and more plus republished material from the New Statesman archive by T S Eliot, Angela Carter, George Orwell, Graham Greene and others - please visit our subscription page.
The paradox of the financial crisis is that, despite being widely held to have been caused by under-regulated markets, it has not brought a decisive shift to the left. But what might happen is that the left believes such a shift has occurred and behaves accordingly. The risk, which is highly visible here in Britain, is that the country returns to a familiar left/right battle. The familiarity is because such a contest dominated the 20th century. The risk is because in the 21st century such a contest debilitates rather than advances the nation.
This is at present crystallising around debates over austerity, welfare, immigration and Europe. Suddenly, parts of the political landscape that had been cast in shadow for some years, at least under New Labour and the first years of coalition government, are illuminated in sharp relief. The Conser­vative Party is back clothing itself in the mantle of fiscal responsibility, buttressed by moves against “benefit scroungers”, immigrants squeezing out British workers and – of course – Labour profligacy.
The Labour Party is back as the party opposing “Tory cuts”, highlighting the cruel consequences of the Conservative policies on welfare and representing the disadvantaged and vulnerable (the Lib Dems are in a bit of a fix, frankly).
For the Conservatives, this scenario is less menacing than it seems. They are now going to inspire loathing on the left. But they're used to that. They're back on the old territory of harsh reality, tough decisions, piercing the supposed veil of idealistic fantasy that prevents the left from governing sensibly. Compassionate Conservatism mat­tered when compassion was in vogue. But it isn't now. Getting the house in order is.
For Labour, the opposite is true. This scenario is more menacing than it seems. The ease with which it can settle back into its old territory of defending the status quo, allying itself, even anchoring itself, to the interests that will passionately and often justly oppose what the government is doing, is so apparently rewarding, that the exercise of political will lies not in going there, but in resisting the temptation to go there.
So where should progressive politics position itself, not just in Britain but in Europe as a whole? How do we oppose smartly and govern sensibly?
The guiding principle should be that we are the seekers after answers, not the repository for people's anger. In the first case, we have to be dispassionate even when the issues arouse great passion. In the second case, we are simple fellow-travellers in sympathy; we are not leaders. And in these times, above all, people want leadership.
So, for Britain, start with an analysis of where we stand as a country. The financial crisis has not created the need for change; it has merely exposed it. Demographics – the age profile of our population – technology and globalisation all mean that the systems we created post-1945 have to change radically. This is so, irrespective of the financial catastrophe of 2008 and its aftermath.
Labour should be very robust in knocking down the notion that it “created” the crisis. In 2007/2008 the cyclically adjusted current Budget balance was under 1 per cent of GDP. Public debt was significantly below 1997. Over the whole 13 years, the debt-to-GDP ratio was better than the Conservative record from 1979-97. Of course there is a case for saying a tightening around 2005 would have been more prudent. But the effect of these pales into insignificance compared to the financial tsunami that occurred globally, starting with the sub-prime mortgage debacle in the US.
However, the crisis has occurred and no one can get permission to govern unless they deal with its reality. The more profound point is: even if it hadn't happened, the case for fundamental reform of the postwar state is clear. For example:
What is driving the rise in housing benefit spending, and if it is the absence of housing, how do we build more?
How do we improve the skillset of those who are unemployed when the shortage of skills is the clearest barrier to employment?
How do we take the health and education reforms of the last Labour government to a new level, given the huge improvement in results they brought about?
What is the right balance between universal and means-tested help for pensioners?
How do we use technology to cut costs and drive change in our education, health, crime and immigration systems?
How do we focus on the really hard core of socially excluded families, separating them from those who are just temporarily down on their luck?
What could the developments around DNA do to cut crime?
There are another 20 such questions, but they all involve this approach: a root-and-branch inquiry, from first principles, into where we spend money, and why.
On the economy, we should have one simple test: what produces growth and jobs? There is roughly $1trn (£650bn) of UK corporate reserves. What would give companies the confidence to invest it? What does a modern industrial strategy look like? How do we rebuild the financial sector? There is no need to provide every bit of detail. People don't expect it. But they want to know where we're coming from because that is a clue as to where we would go, if elected.
Sketch out the answers to these questions and you have a vision of the future. For progressives, that is of the absolute essence. The issue isn't, and hasn't been for at least 50 years, whether we believe in social justice. The issue is how progressive politics fulfils that mission as times, conditions and objective realities change around us. Having such a modern vision elevates the debate. It helps avoid the danger of tactical victories that lead to strategic defeats.
It means, for example, that we don't tack right on immigration and Europe, and tack left on tax and spending. It keeps us out of our comfort zone but on a centre ground that is ultimately both more satisfying and more productive for party and country.
LITTLE FALLS — A teenage boy sent nude pictures and sexually explicit videos of their ex-girlfriend to another girl, police said.
Now both the sender and the recipient are charged with distributing child pornography, authorities said.
A 16-year-old West Orange boy and a 16-year-old Little Falls girl were each charged with distributing child pornography under the state's endangering the welfare of children statute, said Sgt. James Briggs of the Little Falls police.
The West Orange boy allegedly texted eight nude pictures of a 17-year-old Woodland Park girl to the Little Falls female, Briggs said. The Little Falls girl then showed the pictures to numerous other juveniles – and may have posted them to a social media site, police allege.
The Woodland Park girl is the ex-girlfriend of the West Orange boy, Briggs confirmed. Both teenage girls are students at Passaic Valley High School, the sergeant added.
The Little Falls girl also allegedly sent other videos and pictures of underage teenagers engaged in sexual acts to other local juveniles, Briggs said.
The Passaic County Prosecutor's Office is also actively involved in the investigation this morning, and police are expecting addition arrests and charges, the sergeant added.
The Little Falls police are encouraging parents to monitor their children's phone and social-media activities, Briggs said. Anyone with information or questions about the investigation is encouraged to call detectives at (973) 256-0200.
MORE PASSAIC COUNTY NEWS
SUV
Earlier this year, during the Chrysler Group's Investor Day, Jeep officials presented a brand and product extension plan that can be summed up as follows: the "C" will replace both the Compass and Patriot in 2016, when the Cherokee will receive a facelift, with the new Wrangler to follow in 2017.In addition to those, the Grand Cherokee will receive its second facelift in late 2015 before the new-gen will be launched in 2017. Furthermore, Jeep will dust off the Grand Wagoneer nameplate in 2018 with a seven or eight-seater model underpinned by the new Grand Cherokee. Jeep enthusiasts might have heard that name before: it was used in either Grand Wagoneer or Wagoneer form between 1963 and 1993 and it's a shame the legendary nameplate has been dropped.Many enthusiasts of the brand and owners of the SJ, XJ and ZJ-generation Wagoneer have been urging Jeep to launch a new generation of the breed. With great fortune, their voices have been heard. Speaking to the Aussies from Motoring , Jeep president and chief executive officer Michael Manley disclosed that “I've always talked about Grand Wagoneer and that for me is a big focus and it will fill out the [Jeep] brand at the top end… Obviously I have intimate knowledge of what it is and I think that vehicle could very, very effectively compete with premium SUVs.”Speaking of premium SUVs and filling out the Jeep brand at the top, Manley also hinted that “Range Rover and Jeep have historical competed…. they are the only other pure SUV brand in the world so they will always be competition," which is a tell-tale sign the replacement for the Grand Cherokee and the new 2018 Jeep Grand Wagoneer will push the envelope even further than the American brand already did.Another bit of interesting news dropped by Manley is that according to which a crossover coupe a la BMW X4 and X6 is also considered for development. Even so, this is 2014 and the best Jeep product you can buy these days is the sporty Grand Cherokee SRT HEMI-engined brute.the 2019 Jeep Grand Wagoneer (and 2018 Jeep Grand Cherokee due in 2017) may get Maserati-developed twin-turbo V6 and V8 engines.so at the Geneva Motor Show.
UPDATE Amazon has acquired domestic rights for Manchester By The Sea, a deal Deadline exclusively revealed.
EXCLUSIVE: Amazon is closing a $10 million deal for domestic rights to Manchester By The Sea, the Kenneth Lonergan-directed drama that premiered Saturday to the best reviews of the 2016 Sundance Film Festival so far. This after an all night auction for a movie that Amazon acquired with plans for a traditional theatrical release with an awards season campaign. Sony, Universal, Fox and Lionsgate were into this and topped out in high seven figures in a WME Global brokered deal. Sierra is handling foreign so by the time all is said and done, this could be a $20 million deal and one of the biggest seen on these slopes in some time.
Scripted by Lonergan, the director of You Can Count On Me and Margaret, Manchester By The Sea stars Casey Affleck as a man who, after the death of their brother, is forced to return home to care for their 16-year old nephew and confront a tragic past that separated them from their family and the community where they were raised. Kyle Chandler and Michelle Williams also star. By Saturday evening, big numbers were already on the table from a number of bidders.
The film's produced by Matt Damon, Kimberly Steward, Chris Moore, Kevin Walsh and Lauren Beck and it was widely reported in reviews that Damon was originally slated to star. When they couldn't, Damon turned to Affleck, younger brother of their Good Will Hunting co-star. Affleck has turned in superb performances in that film, as well as Gone Baby Gone, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford and Out Of The Furnace, and they star in The Finest Hours, the Coast Guard rescue tale which Disney opens Friday. Manchester By The Sea might be the one that really launches Affleck's star and puts them in the Oscar conversation for 2017. There are also strong performances by Brokeback Mountain‘s Williams and by Chandler, who has gone from Friday Night Lights into the Netflix series Bloodline, and films that include Zero Dark Thirty, The Wolf of Wall Street and most recently Carol, which is nominated for six Oscars.
The Manchester By The Sea deal is the first big one of Sundance, which so far has been slow going as buyers see the most prominent films. A deal is imminent for Author: The JT Leroy, the documentary that had Amazon, Sony Pictures Classics, The Weinstein Company and The Orchard pursuing, though Amazon had the inside track on a low seven-figure deals. There is action on the football docu Gleason, Morris From America, Hunt For The Wilderpeople, the frat hazing drama Goat and Weiner-Dog.
The slow deal pace isn't surprising; a few breakout titles like Under The Shadow and Whit Stillman's Love & Friendship were scooped up by streaming services Netflix and Amazon before the festival began. When there are no clear must-have titles, buyers often wait until they see the first weekend's offerings before they pounce. Manchester By The Sea clearly rose above that pack and went quickly. Today sees the premiere of several more hot titles including the James Schamus-directed adaptation of the Philip Roth novel Indignation with Logan Lerman and Sarah Gadon, so Sunday night could be another long one for sellers and buyers. Nate Parker's Birth of A Nation comes Monday.
Star Trek Beyond leaped out to a big lead on Thursday, earning over $5.5 million on its preview night. Paramount pointed out that Star Trek Beyond's opening figure is comparable to the latest James Bond movie Spectre's opening figures of $5.3 million. The third installment of the movie is expecting to do between $55-60 million this weekend, far lower than the first two-Star Trek reboot movies. Despite the expected softer opening, Paramount has already announced a Star Trek 4 is in development, which will feature Chris Hemsworth as Captain Kirk's father.
Also opening this weekend are Ice Age: Collision Course and the horror movie Light's Out. Ice Age brought in less than $1 million last night, but is expected to do over $20 million by the end of the weekend. Light's Out had a bit of a stronger debut with $1.8 million, which puts it well on the way to recouping its $5 million production budget.
During my most recent trip to Capitol Hill, there was a noticeably different feel in the air. It wasn't just the ambient air temperature that had changed, there was a chill in the political air as well.
There was a distinct sense of desperation urgency to pass tax reform. House Republicans furiously marked-up H.R.1 and rushed to get it voted out of committee and then to pass it in the House.
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile, the Senate was also giving off a distinct sense of urgency and an air of desperation as it rushed to release something, filling in the details later. Speed, not sage policymaking was clearly the order of the day, and it has continued into this week.
What could create such a sense of urgency and desperation among a legislative body with a 90-percent-plus reelection rate? Donors, big donors. Rep. Chris Collins Christopher (Chris) Carl CollinsDon't look for House GOP to defy Trump on border wall The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race House Dems release 2020 GOP 'retirements to watch' for MORE (R-N.Y.) was quoted as saying, “My donors are basically saying, ‘Get it done or don't ever call me again.'”
In another highly revealing statement, Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) posited that, “The financial contributions will stop.” The threat of big donor defections has congressional Republicans on edge.
Big donors want a return on their investment and like activist investors, they are making their tax wish lists known as well as the political ramifications of not delivering. This has led to highly dysfunctional House and Senate tax bills reflecting big donor demands at the expense of sound policy.
Eliminating the domestic production activities deduction
For all the talk of encouraging American jobs and manufacturing, it looks like the House is going to eliminate the domestic production activities deduction. Why? Because of its desperate need to offset tax cuts elsewhere.
Now, some may argue that this is okay because companies will receive a much bigger incentive via reducing the statutory rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. Not necessarily. There is nothing in H.R.1 that ties the reduction to domestic production.
Rather, companies can reduce production in the U.S. and see their tax rate nearly cut in half. That's not an incentive, that's policy negligence.
U.S. taxpayers subsidizing Japanese robotic manufacturers
The policy dysfunction doesn't end there. As currently proposed, both the House and Senate bills could end up subsidizing the purchase of foreign-made robotics. While the idea behind full and immediate expensing of equipment purchases is that companies will invest more in equipment creating American jobs, that may not be the case.
What if the equipment purchased is produced by workers outside the U.S.? In 2016, Japan and Germany alone accounted for more than 50 percent of total industrial robot exports with the U.S. accounting for only 4.3 percent.
The U.S. just isn't as dominant in robotics as some might think. Nine out of the 10 largest industrial robot manufacturers by industrial sales volume were based outside of the U.S. As currently written, companies would benefit from full and immediate expensing of purchases of foreign produced equipment, with no benefit to American workers.
Source: Solutionmics, using data from World's Top Exports
Foreign profit amnesty
Then there is the much talked about proposed reduction in taxes on previously earned foreign profits. Both the House and Senate propose significantly reducing the corporate tax rate on previously earned foreign profits. This is profit amnesty.
It exempts these profits from today's current tax rates. Worse still, the tax cut is without conditions. Like the reduction in the statutory corporate tax rate, companies don't have to create jobs or pay higher wages to benefit from the tax cut. That's highly inefficient.
Donors over voters
According to a Pew Research Center poll, 52 percent of Americans say corporate tax rates should go up while only 24 percent support rate reductions. Yet, approximately two-thirds of the benefits of tax cuts would accrue to corporations.
The latest Senate tax bill is reported to make corporate tax cuts permanent and individual tax cuts temporary. The list goes on and on. What is really going on is that extreme big donor political pressure is leading to extremely inefficient tax policy with a $1.5 trillion price tag.
That is something we cannot afford, and we should at least be getting a better return on our investment.
Chris Macke is the founder of Solutionomics and a contributor to the Federal Reserve Beige Book, which is used to inform Federal Open Market Committee members on changes in the economy since the last meeting.
Aaron Tveit and Tony winner Karen Olivo will star in the developmental lab production of Moulin Rouge! The Musical, spokespeople for the production have confirmed. Tveit will take on the role of Christian, with Olivo as Satine. No official announcement about casting for the full production of the musical will be made until the new year.
Moulin Rouge! tells the story of a young poet and writer, Christian, who falls in love with the star of the Moulin Rouge, cabaret actor and courtesan Satine, using the musical setting of the Montmartre Quarter of Paris. Released by Twentieth Century Fox, Baz Luhrmann's Moulin Rouge! premiered at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival. At the 74th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for eight Oscars, including Best Picture, and it won two.
Written by John Logan and directed by Alex Timbers, the musical will feature a score culled from the most beloved popular music of the last 50 years, with Justin Levine as music supervisor, orchestrator, and arranger and Matt Stine as music producer. Sonya Tayeh serves as choreographer.
The design team includes Derek McLane (set design), Catherine Zuber (costume design), Justin Townsend (lighting design), Peter Hylenski (sound design), and David Brian Brown (wig and hair design).
Official Liverpool FC Beats Studio™ Over Ear Headphones
Last chance to buy!
The Original Beats That Took The World By Storm.
After 25 years, Dr. Dre was tired of spending months on a track only to have their fans hear it on weak, distorting earbuds. Two years and hundreds of prototypes later, Beats Studio headphones are the icons that bring you sound the way it was originally intended.
FEATURES
POWERFUL ENOUGH TO BLOCK OUT A JET ENGINE. Powered by a pair of AAA batteries, the noise cancellation feature in a pair of Beats Studio headphones amplifies the music as it blocks out noise, giving you consistently powerful and intense sound.
EXTRA COMFORTABLE EAR CUPS. Super plush and covered with ultra-soft breathable materials, you'll be cool and comfortable even during marathon listening sessions. The Beats by Dr. Dre logo on the side also acts as a mute button when you press it. No need to take them off to talk.
A FLAWLESS AND ICONIC FIT. Designers of Beats Studio headphones conducted a series of ergonomic studies to find the perfect lightweight, foldable headphone that always delivers a comfortable fit. The result is a design now copied by brands around the world.
REMOTE CONTROL. Take calls, skip songs and adjust volume right from the cord of your Beats Studio headphones. No more searching for your phone or music player just to find the right song.
WHAT'S IN THE BOX
* Beats Studio™ on ear headphones
* Two (2) AAA batteries
* 3.5mm audio cable
* 1/4" audio adaptor
* In-line remote & mic cable (features may vary)
* Hard shell carrying case
* Beats cleaning cloth
* Weight (kg): 0.24
* Height (mm): 197
* Length of Cable (m): 1.361
* Type of Jack: 3.5mm
Recycle your old electrical and electronic devices free at your local recycling centre - Find out more
Code: A4413
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- As of Thursday morning, Florida State first-year student quarterback Jameis Winston had exercised their right not to speak with Tallahassee police or provide a statement in the ongoing investigation of a sexual assault complaint filed nearly a year ago, a source told ESPN's Joe Schad.
Winston's attorney, Tim Jansen, was originally contacted about the case in February. Since then, no charges have been filed and Winston has not been interviewed. On Wednesday, the case was turned over to the state attorney, who has asked the Tallahassee police to further investigate the allegations.
Heisman front-runner Jameis Winston is involved in a sexual assault investigation stemming from a complaint filed in late 2012. Don Juan Moore/Getty Images
Attempts to reach Jansen on Thursday were unsuccessful.
Georgia Cappleman, chief assistant state attorney, said Thursday they could not speak as to why there was a delay in prosecutors receiving the case. They also said there is no timeline for a decision on how to proceed with the case, though no decision is expected within the next few days.
Typically, a delay can result from a lack of evidence or a lack of cooperation from the accuser.
Florida State released a statement Wednesday saying Winston's status with the team has not changed. The quarterback met with reporters later without addressing the investigation.
The Postal Service has winnowed down the companies bidding to build the next generation of its delivery vehicles - and one of them is offering up an all-electric truck that doubles as a drone launcher.
The agency released a list of pre-qualified sources for the contract April 14, which include Ford motor company, AM General LLC, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles US LLC and Nissan North America, Inc., among others.
But one of the companies - Workhorse Group Inc., - is hoping to make an impression by showing the Postal Service that the future could involve a drone that can deliver packages while the mail carrier works their normal route.
Postal Service drones: What's the worst that could happen? Join the discussion at our LinkedIn group.
The electric delivery truck is called "Workhorse" while the drone that carries the packages is called "Horsefly" and is a product of a years-long partnership between the company and the University of Cincinnati, which has an unmanned vehicle research program.
"We feel very confident that our integrated drone technology on top of our electric truck is the best solution for the Postal Service as well as give them the lowest total cost of ownership for their truck needs and their future drone needs," said Duane Hughes, director of sales at Workhorse Group, Inc.
The mail carrier gets to a neighborhood to begin delivering mail or other packages. Meanwhile, the drone delivers a package either on its own or controlled by a pilot remotely to another address a mile or two away, saving the mail carrier time and allowing them to reach more addresses.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Daily Brief
Cutting down on the time it takes the Postal Service to complete a route and delivering more packages during that time could save the Postal Service a lot of time and money, according to Hughes. The fifth generation of the Horsefly drone - its most current incarnation - weighs about 15 pounds and can carry a 10-pound package in extendable cages that lock together during flight.
The drone can fly up to 50 miles per hour, but will spend most of its time flying at about 35 miles per hour, according to Hughes.
The drone also comes with automatic stabilizers to make flight easier, and can automatically dock on top of the truck. It then charges itself using the electricity in the electric truck. Because it is attached to the truck and driven into the neighborhood, it removes the issue of a drone flying 30 or 40 miles to deliver a package from a warehouse, according to Hughes.
There is a lot at stake for the manufacturer that wins the contract. They would provide 180,000 vehicles for $25,000 to $35,000 per vehicle – making the potential contract worth more than $4.5 billion.The proposed vehicles would need to last at least 20 years, carry a minimum of 1,500 pounds and pass all safety and emissions requirements across the country.
The Postal Service also wants lower maintenance requirements and better fuel economy than its current fleet, as well as design flexibility to allow for the incorporation of future technology, according to the agency.
It is the lowered maintenance costs and the look toward the future where Hughes thinks Workhorse Group, Inc., shines. They said the electric trucks would save the Postal Service significantly on maintenance costs, while the drone platform incorporates a fast-evolving technology that will only grow over the next few years.
"As the Postal Service moves further into the package delivery business we have to look at it from the perspective of 'we don't' want a truck to just last 20 years, but how is the business going to look in five, 10, 15 years out?'" Hughes said.
The electric vehicle has a range of 50 miles to 100 miles, depending on whether it recharges while on its route using a small generator included inside the vehicle. Since almost all Postal service routes fall within that range, that would alleviate the "range anxiety" that could come with electric vehicles, Hughes said.
Software included in the truck also tracks battery usage and depletion. Instead of letting the battery drain too far the generator replenishes it in small amounts, lengthening the lifetime of the battery.
The Postal Service plans on issuing a request for proposals in May, and the agency would then award several companies a contract to test a prototype and then choose the best from among them, according to the Postal Service.
The agency plans on picking the suppliers for the prototype in July, 2015 and will then test the prototypes through September, 2016. The final supplier will be selected in January, 2017, according to the Postal Service. The Postal Service would start receiving and using the vehicles one year later.
Kelly Cohen, professor of aerospace engineering at the University of Cincinnati, has helped lead the research and development of the Horsefly drone system in partnership with Workhorse Group, Inc.
The drone automatically adjusts to a wide variety of air speeds and weather conditions, according to Cohen, using advanced software similar to large aircraft. They said the team has heavily emphasized overall safety and has built redundant motors and controls into the drone.
The current generation of the Horsefly comes with a metal cage to hold up to 10 pounds in packages.
Photo Credit: Workhorse Group, Inc.
But even as their team works out the technical challenges with the drone delivery system, they said the biggest challenge would be expanding drone usage and analyzing the data of thousands of drone deliveries happening at once.
"The limitations are more on the side of integration into the airspace and that concerns security and overall safety. How do we control 100,000 drones in the air flying at once? Cohen said.
They said they could see the system being rolled out slowly, starting in specific neighborhoods and expanding outward. There would then be enough data to see what possible safety concerns there would be and to adjust accordingly, Cohen added.
They said the team has been testing larger and more complex delivery drones, including larger models that can carry up to 30 pounds at once. They said as the technical issues with drones are solved and the costs begin to come down, there will be more and more companies and people calling on drones as a solution to various problems.
The FCC receives a wide variety of comments and complaints about the accuracy or bias of news networks, stations, reporters or commentators in how they cover – or sometimes opt not to cover – events. Other complaints are received regarding the conduct of journalists in the gathering and reporting of news.
The FCC's authority to respond to these complaints is narrow in scope, and the agency is prohibited by law from engaging in censorship or infringing on First Amendment rights of the press. Moreover, the FCC cannot interfere with a broadcaster's selection and presentation of news or commentary.
What responsibilities do broadcasters have?
Broadcasters may not intentionally distort the news. The FCC states that "rigging or slanting the news is a most heinous act against the public interest."
What if I have comments or concerns about a specific news broadcast or commentary?
All concerns or comments about a specific news broadcast or commentary should be directed to the local station and network involved, so that the people responsible for making the programming decisions can become better informed about audience opinion.
What can the FCC do?
The FCC may act only when it has received documented evidence, such as testimony from persons who have direct personal knowledge of an intentional falsification of the news. Without such documented evidence, the FCC generally cannot intervene.
Print Out
Complaints About Broadcast Journalism (pdf)
At a heated school board meeting, Fresno Unified trustees fought for the chance to apologize in the wake of board President Brooke Ashjian's comments about LGBT people.
Controversy arose after Ashjian weighed in on the California Healthy Youth Act, a law that requires schools to teach unbiased and medically accurate sex education, including lessons on birth control, abortion and LGBT relationships.
“My biggest fear in teaching this – which we're going to do it because it's the law – but you have kids who are extremely moldable at this stage, and if you start telling them that LGBT is OK and that it's a way of life, well maybe you just swayed the kid to go that way,” Ashjian told The Bee in a story published Aug. 4 as part of an ongoing series on sex education. “It's so important for parents to teach these Judeo-Christian philosophies.”
At the meeting Wednesday night, Ashjian moved to block attempts by Trustees Valerie Davis and Christopher De La Cerda to address their comments, saying they were speaking out of order. Davis and De La Cerda continued to speak over Ashjian's call to return to the agenda, ultimately leading interim Superintendent Bob Nelson to intervene and the board to take a break.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Fresno Bee
Fresno Unified School District board member Valerie F. Davis speaks to the media. ERIC PAUL ZAMORA Fresno Bee file
Davis said Ashjian's comments do not reflect the district and “devalue our commitment to our children.”
“I apologize to our community who felt marginalized and offended by the recent publicized comments,” they said. “As a trustee, I guarantee you I will continue to fight for all our students and staff to make sure they have a safe learning environment to come to every day.”
At the meeting's conclusion, other trustees voiced their support for the LGBT community. Ashjian also spoke to the audience, some of whom had earlier spoken in the public comment period as LGBT people:
“For you to come all the way down here, whether you agreed with me or didn't, it's truly in my heart an apology to you that you may have been slighted. That was never the intent,” they said. “My position here is about children. I've never distinguished between whether they were gay or this or that or white or from north Fresno, south Fresno, whatever. They were always children.”
I apologize to our community who felt marginalized and offended by the recent publicized comments. Fresno Unified Trustee Valerie Davis
The board also was informed Wednesday of past allegations of anti-LGBT comments made by Ashjian. According to a deposition from a 2011 libel lawsuit Ashjian was involved in, derogatory comments made about the organization Gay Fresno were tracked to a computer at their home.
In the deposition, Ashjian admits to posting about Gay Fresno to a website called Ripoffreport.com, but says they can't recall what they posted. The attorneys in the deposition claim that only three comments were made about Gay Fresno on the website – all anonymously.
The comments say Gay Fresno is run by “pimps in disguise” and that “they put me into prostitution.” Another comment says the group is run by liars, thieves and “butt draggers.”
“I was pimped out. They stole my money, my dignity and my virginity,” one comment said. “These people are evil. You have been warned!”
The comments were posted after Gay Fresno added Ashjian's businesses to a list of companies that should be boycotted for supporting Proposition 8, which aimed to ban same-sex marriage in 2008.
In the deposition, Ashjian says that their businesses donated $2,000 to supporters of Proposition 8 – the 2008 measure that defined marriage as being between a man and woman, which was later overturned by the courts. Ashjian says they were aware that Gay Fresno had put them on the boycott list. “I can tell you that if I had known they would have put me on that list, I would have doubled my donation,” Ashjian says in the deposition.
When asked about the deposition Wednesday, Ashjian would not comment, saying, “I haven't seen it and I don't know what it's about.” Also at the meeting, a man identified themselves as Ashjian's bodyguard and followed the trustee through the boardroom and adjacent hallways. But Ashjian denied hiring a bodyguard when asked by a reporter.
For you to come all the way down here, whether you agreed with me or didn't, it's truly in my heart an apology to you that you may have been slighted. That was never the intent. Fresno Unified board President Brooke Ashjian
Deposition documents were presented to trustees by attorney Kenneth Mackie, who sparked an ongoing investigation of Ashjian's conflicts of interest by the California Fair Political Practices Commission. Mackie says they represent Fresno Watchdogs for Ethical Bidding, but has refused to identify the members behind the group.
When Mackie started to speak to the board Wednesday, Ashjian's attorney issued them a statement that said Ashjian had acquired the rights to the name “Fresno Watchdogs for Ethical Bidding.” Ashjian attempted to stop Mackie from speaking, but FUSD attorneys advised them to go ahead without the use of the organization's name – which Ashjian has trademarked since Mackie first started investigating him.
“This is not the first time (Ashjian) has made disparaging remarks about the LGBT community,” Mackie said. “I hope it's the last. But the board needs to take this into consideration.”
Ribbons were passed out before the start of the Fresno Unified School Board meeting Wednesday, Aug. 9, 2017. ERIC PAUL ZAMORA ezamora@fresnobee.com
Several LGBT advocates spoke out at the meeting against Ashjian, demanding an apology. Many Fresno Unified employees wore rainbow pins to show their support.
Bill Knezovich, a pastor at Our Saviour's Lutheran Church, who is gay, told Ashjian that they should keep their opinion and theology to himself.
“As a young man, a youth and a child, I was regularly beaten and sometimes left for dead because of people like you,” Knezovich said. “I don't know what to say. You should not be board president.”
Pamela Beck, a Fresno Unified teacher for 30 years, told the story of a former student who hanged themselves after being bullied for their sexuality. They said when they taught sex education, it was minimal and not inclusive.
“Being gay or anything other than heterosexual was never mentioned by adults,” Beck said. “I would like to see the board consistently voice this simple message: Being gay or straight or transgender or queer or bisexual is OK.”
Runaway global warming is far and away humankind's biggest nightmare, and the Arctic is the likely perpetrator. If it happens, it'll blister agricultural foodstuff before it can reach the outstretched arms of the multitudes. Then what?
Dr. Peter Gleick of the Pacific Institute of California recently warned, “What is happening in the Arctic now is unprecedented and possibly catastrophic. The evidence is very clear that rapid and unprecedented changes are happening in the Arctic.”
Dr. Gleick finds a growing body of “pretty scary” evidence that increasing temperatures create horrendously dangerous storms throughout the Northern Hemisphere. For example, the polar vortex and anomalous jet streams brought record-breaking hot and cold weather to the U.S. in 2015. In the UK, unusually strong storms brought massive flooding with record rainfall.
Understandably, it is especially difficult for people, other than scientists, to comprehend the risks associated with an unusually warm ice-free Arctic. After all, the Arctic is so remote, at the top of the world, the North Pole with its attendant fantasies, like images of Santa Claus and playful reindeer, fuzzy polar bear cubs, and cute little baby seals.
But, metaphorically, the Arctic has turned sour, frowny-faced as it rapidly loses its structure, built on multi-year ice, but multi-year ice is going fast, very fast, fading, losing integrity, infrastructure, its permanence. This is comparable to the walls of a home collapsing.
Yet, dangerous storms are only one part of the story. “As the water of the Arctic Ocean keeps getting warmer, the danger increases that heat will reach the seafloor where it can trigger release of huge amounts of methane (CH4), in an additional feedback loop that will make warming in the Arctic accelerate and escalate into runaway warming.”
Runaway global warming is exactly like it sounds, an earth-shattering asteroid collision that turns the planet into a fireball.
According to Paul Beckwith, Laboratory for Paleoclimatology and Climatology, University of Ottawa:
The Arctic is absorbing a lot more solar energy, and by itself at a much greater rate, than anywhere else on the planet. In fact, on average, in the last number of decades, the Arctic temperature has risen 1.0C per decade whereas the global average temperature rise has been about 0.15C per decade. So that ratio is 6 or 7 times more.
And, just to think, for perspective purposes, when the nations of the world met in Paris for COP21 only a few months ago, they talked about keeping global temps below an increase of 2.0C since the start of the industrialization. Meanwhile, the renegade Arctic's temperature on its own is increasing by 1.0C per decade, blowing the lid off the rest of the planet. The dynamics are complex and very concerning.
Here's a daunting outcome: “The scary conclusion is that the East Siberian Arctic Shelf (ESAS) alone holds up to 1700 Gt of methane in the form of methane hydrates and free gas [in shallow water-gulp!] contained in sediments, of which 50 Gt is ready for abrupt release at any time. The warning signs keep getting stronger.”
For comparison purposes, there is currently 5 Gt of methane in the atmosphere. An abrupt release of 50 Gt would be very, very, very, infinitely abrupt!
Leading researchers, like Peter Wadhams, professor of Ocean Physics and Head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group, Department of Applied Mathematics and Theoretical Physics, University of Cambridge for years have repeatedly warned, over and over again, the day will come when the Arctic will be ice-free. That's when bright red flashing lights and sirens start going off, as the water will be absorbing all but 6% of sunlight. Whereas with its icy cover, the Arctic reflects up to 90% of sunlight back to space, no harm, no foul.
When Dr. Wadhams was asked in an interview if “civilization could withstand a 50-gigaton release of methane,” they answered: “No, I don't think it can.”
According to the National Snow and Ice Data Center:
January Arctic sea ice extent was the lowest in the satellite record, attended by unusually high air temperatures over the Arctic Ocean… January 2016 was a remarkably warm month. Air temperatures at the 925 hPa level were more than 6 degrees Celsius (13 degrees Fahrenheit) above average across most of the Arctic Ocean.
By way of comparison, Venus's atmosphere is 97% CO2, producing surface temperatures of 864 degrees Fahrenheit. That's one Hot Tamale! Earth's atmosphere has a little over 400 ppm CO2 or much, much, much less than 1% of the atmosphere. Still, Earth is already, yes already, heating up with low levels of greenhouse gases as compared to Venus, but if methane (CH4) comes on strong, it traps 100 times more heat in the atmosphere than CO2 within a 5-year period and 72 times more within a 20-year period. It is an intense climate changer!
The likely upshot of intense climate change, beyond catching humanity with its pants down, is rapid increase in sea levels, flooding coastal cities, embedded droughts, diminishing agricultural production, severe storm activity, and horrific heat throughout the mid latitudes, resulting in panic, illness, and sudden death. The world turns chaotic. Whew! Dismally, more than telltale evidence indicates that this is already happening.
However, it is important to note (for balance) that there is no scientific consensus that an abrupt release of methane is in the cards; rather, it is disputed within the scientific community. Still, it's the scientists in the field, like Natalia Shakhova, head of the Russia-U.S. Methane Study at the International Arctic Research Center at the University of Alaska-Fairbanks and the Pacific Oceanological Institute, Far Eastern Branch of Russian Academy of Sciences, who travels and works in the East Siberian Sea who is most alarmed. Dr. Shakhova and their team have personally witnessed and measured vast plumes of methane erupting from the Arctic sea floor.
It is common knowledge throughout the world that burning fossil fuel is the bad guy, the major cause behind greenhouse gas emissions, like CO2. Therefore, the big push to “keep fossil fuels in the ground and/or divestment.” But, maybe that's only the tail wagging the dog. Maybe the real culprit, the real target, is neoliberalism, a world order dedicated to profits and private enterprise over and above human welfare and the sanctity of the ecosystem.
With neoliberalism, everything has a price, except for the ecosystem, hmm. Everything turns into a commodity with a specific trading value. Neoliberalism leaves little room for care or concern about anything other than making a buck. It's what successful commodity trading is all about, calculatingly cold-blooded, emotionless, unimpassioned, and matter-of-fact. But, real life is full of passion!
Neoliberalism preaches cuts in business taxes, free trade (in secret), busting unions, privatizing education (for profit… seriously?), cutting pensions to meet austerity measures, shipping America's middle class jobs offshore to lowly bidders, privatizing prisons (for profit… really?), abolishing regulations, privatizing everything (for profits galore!), militarizing police, demonizing government, overfunding warfare, underfunding welfare, denying climate change and/or pretending to do something (cosmetic) about it, aka COP21, all in the name of neoliberal private enterprise. If this doesn't sound familiar, then get out of the cave a little more often.
The neoliberal school of thought embraces survival of the fittest tactics. But, hasn't the world outgrown this kind of nonsense, yet? “Profit for the sake of profits” is a dead end game that ignores and abuses the planet's one and only ecosystem. With very little surprise, really none whatsoever, the Arctic turns ugly.
Throughout geological history, “Every time we have hit high CO2, we've lost the ice caps.”
Iraqi women walk past a poster depicting images of Shi'ite Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei at al-Firdous Square in Baghdad February 12, 2014. REUTERS/Ahmed Saad
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran's Supreme Leader has said Tehran will not negotiate with the United States on any issue after the landmark nuclear deal with world powers in July, according to their official website on Wednesday.
The comments appeared to contradict more moderate president Hassan Rouhani, who said on Tuesday the Islamic Republic was ready to hold talks with the United States on ways to resolve Syria's civil war.
“We negotiated with the U.S. on the nuclear issue for specific reasons. (The Americans) behaved well in the talks, but we didn't and we won't allow negotiation with the Americans on other issues,” Ayatollah Khamenei was quoted as saying.
“The Americans are not hiding their animosity towards Iran... Americans in the Congress are plotting and passing bills against us... Negotiations are a tool for them to influence Iran and to impose their will,” Ayatollah Khamenei said to hundreds of visitors to their offices.
Following the nuclear deal between Tehran and world powers, several high diplomatic delegations from Europe have visited Iran, in a possible sign of a thaw after a decade of isolation brought on by international sanctions.
But long-time rivals Tehran and Washington have yet to normalize relations or open a dialogue on their contending policies in the war-torn region.
President Barack Obama on Tuesday secured 42 votes in the U.S. Senate to secure the nuclear deal of which Republicans and pro-Israel lobbies disapprove.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been a vociferous opponent of the Iran deal, calling it a threat to their country's existence.
“God willing there will be nothing left of the Zionist regime in 25 years,” Khamenei said. “Meanwhile, the heroic jihadi Islamic spirit will not leave the Zionists in peace for a second.”
Published: September 19th, 2011 10:38 EST
South Africa Rejects Chinese Condoms: Too Small!
By Robert Paul Reyes
"A South African court has blocked the government from buying 11 million Chinese condoms, saying they are too small, a newspaper reported Friday.
Judge Sulet Potterill blocked the deal with Siqamba, ruling that the condoms were too small, made from the wrong material, and were not approved by the World Health Organisation, the paper said.
South Africa has more HIV infections than any country in the world, with 5.38 million of its 50 million people carrying the virus."
http://news.yahoo.com/
I`d rather be kicked in my family jewels than encase my manhood in a condom made in China. Rubbers manufactured in China are probably lined with lead, and as porous as a sieve.
Chinese products, whether they be prophylactics or dolls, are inferior and less safe than American products. Trojan Condoms are America`s #1 condom brand, and most of them are still made in the good old USA. Buy American, which means stay the hell out of Walmart.
Chinese condoms are rejected by South Africa because they are too small -- this story was custom made for a wiseguy like me. Unfortunately, I am rendered mute, I don`t want to make any jokes that play to the stereotypes about the male anatomy of Asians and African Americans.
Moral of this story: Play safe! Buy American! Don`t make racist jokes!
Follow Robert Paul Reyes on Twitter: http://twitter.com/robertpaulreyes
Microsoft is heavily pushing their Windows 10-exclusive browser, Edge. Ads built into Windows 10 are now claiming that Edge is “safer” than Chrome and Firefox. How did Microsoft determine that, and is it really true?
RELATED: How to Disable All of Windows 10's Built-in Advertising
Microsoft's claim is based on a report by NSS Labs, a business that sells threat intelligence and risk mitigation guidance to companies. The report tested 304 examples of Socially Engineered Malware (SEM) and phishing pages. They found that SmartScreen, a security feature in Edge, blocked 99% of the SEM samples. Chrome blocked 85.8%, and Firefox blocked 78.3%.
SmartScreen Is Just Part of the Picture
To understand what this means, you need to understand how SmartScreen works. Microsoft SmartScreen was first introduced in Internet Explorer 7 as “Phishing Filter,” and has been improved upon in each release since. Chrome and Firefox have similar warnings, but nothing quite like the bright red pages in Edge. These features check web pages and applications against lists of known good and bad items. So NSS Labs' test essentially found that when it comes to malware and phishing pages, Microsoft has better lists.
RELATED: What's the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?)
But SmartScreen is only one part of a browser's security. While tools like SmartScreen are helpful, they should hardly be your only line of defense. You should still be using a good antivirus program in conjunction with something like MalwareBytes to protect yourself if something slips through, or if something comes from another attack vector. Those programs often come with their own blockers, too, as shown below.
So yes, Edge may “block 21% more Socially Engineered Malware,” but that doesn't mean it's 21% more secure, or that security is even quantifiable. There's a lot more going on in modern web browsers to keep you safe.
The Other Security Features That Matter
With that in mind, let's talk about some of the other security features you'll find in modern browsers, and how Edge stacks up to Chrome and Firefox.
Sandboxing
RELATED: Sandboxes Explained: How They're Already Protecting You and How to Sandbox Any Program
Microsoft Edge and Google Chrome have both fully implemented sandboxing tech. Sandboxes break up each component of the browser—tabs, windows, and plugins, for example—into individual processes. These processes are prohibited from interacting with each other or with outside processes, making it much more difficult for malicious code to spread across your computer.
Splitting a browser into several processes can also improve performance with modern multi-core processors, though it comes at the expense of higher RAM usage.
Firefox, on the other hand, launched in 2004, when the concept of sandboxing was very new. Right now, it only sandboxes media plugins, but Mozilla is working on Electrolysis, a project to make Firefox multi-process and sandbox the browser. Unlike Internet Explorer, though, which was able to introduce sandboxing in version 10, Firefox had to worry about maintaining compatibility with almost 13 years of extensions, which is why this transition has been so slow.
So when it comes to sandboxing, Edge definitely has an edge (pun intended) over Firefox, but it's on pretty level ground with Chrome.
Automatic Updates
Ever wonder why your browser updates so often? Developers are constantly patching to fix security flaws. Of course, only users who install the updates are protected. Automatic updates help ensure that most people run current, protected versions of the web browser.
Google Chrome is the poster child for automatic software updates. They are installed quickly and quietly when users close the web browser. Firefox introduced a similar silent updates feature in 2012.
RELATED: Why You Need To Install Windows Updates Automatically
Microsoft Edge updates automatically as well, although those patches are delivered through Windows Update. (This is one of the big reasons you shouldn't turn off automatic Windows updates.) There's one downside to Edge's approach, though: Windows updates generally come at a slower rate than Chrome or Firefox's browser-only updates, and you must restart your computer for Edge's updates to take effect. Microsoft has said that in the future, they will start delivering some Edge updates through the Windows Store, which will help ensure Edge users stay up to date.
Privacy Protection
All three major web browsers feature some sort of privacy mode (InPrivate on Edge, Incognito on Chrome, and Private Browsing on Firefox). When the privacy window is closed, all history, cookies, and cached data is removed, leaving nothing behind on your computer. However, this doesn't prevent websites or advertisers from tracking you.
Firefox has a clearer advantage in this area. In 2015, Firefox introduced Tracking Protection, which removes known tracking elements from pages visited in Private Browsing.
In addition, the Tor Browser is based on Firefox's source code, and adds new privacy and security features to help protect the anonymity of its users. Because it uses the same code base, it's possible to port changes back from TOR to Firefox. Called the “uplift” program, the two teams started working closely together in 2016. First Party Isolation is the first anti-tracking feature brought from Tor to Firefox, with more in the pipeline.
It's also worth noting that unlike Google and Microsoft, Firefox does not make money from tracking users or selling targeted ads. The larger companies are incentivized not to improve your privacy.
The Bottom Line
RELATED: The Best Web Browsers for Speed, Battery Life, and Customization
Right now, Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge have very similar security features. The claim that Edge is “safer” than Chrome merely comes from the fact that Microsoft keeps a better list of bad websites than Chrome does, though if you're protecting yourself well with antivirus and anti-malware software, you should be pretty safe.
Mozilla Firefox is behind the other two large browsers, but is on track to catch up in 2017. It is, however, currently better at protecting your privacy, so at least it has its own advantages.
Overview One of the top offensive linemen in the Pac-12 couldn't find a place on the all-conference squad this season because a leg injury ended their senior year after five games. Dielman, the cousin of former NFL lineman Kris Dielman, was a team captain and started at center for the Utes in 2016 after starting all 26 games in 2014 and 2015 at the right tackle spot. J.J. (which stands for Jeffrey Joseph) was a second-team All-Pac-12 pick as a junior. The Arizona high school all-state pick redshirted their first year in Salt Lake City and played in one game as a reserve in 2013 before becoming a fixture on Utah's line.
Analysis Strengths Has three years of experience at right tackle to go along with their newfound snaps at center. Has quick feet and good flexibility through their hips. Possesses desired body control. Talented work-up blocker who finds their second-level targets and strikes with accuracy. Can get to the difficult angles. Will work to bend knees after engagement to improve their leverage. Quick to flip hips and wall off their man. Works well with guards in handoff on combo blocks. Plays with good determination and effort. Rides the bull as long as they can after engaging with bigger defenders. Has tackle feet to mirror pass rushers along interior. Weakness Has short arms. Unlikely to offer tackle flexibility on roster due to a lack of length. Will need to add more bulk to prepare for NFL battles. Below average core strength. Finds themselves hanging on rather than improving positioning. Finesse player in need of stellar technique without addition of play strength. Unable to create push at the point of attack without help. Can improve with securing on second level. Season-ending foot injury will have to be cleared at combine. Draft Projection Round 7-PFA NFL Comparison Wesley Johnson Bottom Line An athletic center with the plus athleticism of a three-year tackle, but they lack the core power that some teams will require from an interior lineman. Needs to bulk up and add as much strength as possible in order to be a functional NFL player. While their movement skills will be enticing for zone-scheme teams, they could be limited by scheme fit, which narrows the teams who might consider drafting him. -Lance Zierlein
Jordan Pickford says they are ready for an “exciting time” for them and for Everton after signing a five-year deal with the Blues for a Club-record fee.
The highly-rated goalkeeper has moved to Goodison Park from Sunderland after the first and only negotiations commenced between Everton and the north east club last weekend. A deal was agreed quickly and harmoniously, enabling talks to then begin with the player.
The £25m fee for the 23-year-old could rise to £30m depending on team and individual performances – a British record and third highest fee in the world for any player in that position.
Pickford, who has represented England at every level from Under-16s to Under-21s and received their first call-up to the senior squad in October, was shortlisted for PFA Young Player of the Year last season despite Sunderland's relegation from the Premier League.
The keeper revealed they were looking forward to getting started at “massive club” Everton – and boosting the Blues with “match-winning saves”.
Speaking to evertonfc.com while on England Under-21 duty in Poland ahead of the European Championships, they said: “It's great to sign for the Club. Last season was my first in the Premier League so to get this opportunity with Everton now, to be able to go forward with my career and show everyone what I can do with Everton is unbelievable.
“It's a great club, a massive club and I think it's a great opportunity and the right time for me to come to Everton and show what I can do.
“This is an exciting time for the Club and for me, too, with the ambition being shown. I just want to be the best I can be to help.
🔵 | @jpickford1 says they are ready for an “exciting time” for them and for #EFC after signing a 5-year deal.https://t.co/sozzcEO86r pic.twitter.com/asrznAqVgY — Everton (@Everton) June 15, 2017
I know Mason (Holgate – their England Under-21 teammate) and a few of the other lads at Everton from younger age groups and the Club's only going forward, so it's the best thing I can be doing.“I remember playing (at Everton) on my first game back from injury last season for Sunderland. When I came out for the second half the fans gave me a clap and applauded then so I can't wait to get out there on the pitch at Goodison.“I've just got to show people what I can do, keep training and working hard and when it comes to game day, produce what I can do - making match-winning saves, showing what my distribution is like and making the right saves at the right times.”Pickford admitted they were looking forward to working with Ronald Koeman, and the Toffees manager spoke of the importance of signing the Sunderland Academy graduate.“I'm really pleased we've made what I'm sure will be a significant signing for Everton Football Club,” said the Dutchman.“Jordan is a very talented young professional who also has a real hunger for success, and that's important for us as we now look to make further progress in the seasons ahead.“We've seen the quality they have through their performances in the Premier League last season and, given their young age, we're sure they will get even better. I'm looking forward to welcoming Jordan to the group next month and wish them every success with the England Under-21 squad in Poland.”Pickford, who made their first-team debut for Sunderland in January 2016, hopes joining Everton can help them break into the senior England team next season. But first they are looking forward to tasting European football as the Blues prepare for the start of their Europa League campaign on 27 July.“It will be a great experience, (with me) only being young, but it's another test for me and I feel ready for it,” added the shot-stopper. “The Europa League will be a big tournament, as well.
“I've got the Under-21s tournament now, which is massive for me and the group of lads I'm with. Hopefully I can be the best I can be and it can put me in good stead for next season to try to get into the senior team."
Order your Jordan Pickford-printed Everton goalkeeper shirt for the 2017/18 season - and more from the Blues' new home kit range - by clicking here.
In what is the first second official White House statement specific to any proposed amendment to Wall Street reform, the President Obama is throwing their weight into defeating a Brownback amendment that would exempt auto dealers from new consumer protection laws.
Throughout the debate on Wall Street reform, I have urged members of the Senate to fight the efforts of special interests and their lobbyists to weaken consumer protections. An amendment that the Senate will soon consider would do exactly that, undermining strong consumer protections with a special loophole for auto dealer-lenders. This amendment would carve out a special exemption for these lenders that would allow them to inflate rates, insert hidden fees into the fine print of paperwork, and include expensive add-ons that catch purchasers by surprise. This amendment guts provisions that empower consumers with clear information that allows them to make the financial decisions that work best for them and simply encourages misleading sales tactics that hurt American consumers. Unfortunately, countless families – particularly military families – have been the target of these deceptive practices.... We simply cannot let lobbyist-inspired loopholes and special carve-outs weaken real reform that will empower American families. I urge the Senate to continue to defeat the efforts of special interests to weaken protections for all American consumers.
The industry, with the help of some House Blue Dogs and Republicans, was able to get the exemption in the House bill, carving auto dealers out of the oversitght of the Consumer Financial Protection Agency. Kansas Republican Brownback is leading the effort in the Senate. In response, the White House has not only deployed Obama himself, but also a critical ally Republicans will have a hard time bucking--the Pentagon.
In February, Clifford L. Stanley, the under secretary of defense responsible for troop readiness, wrote in a letter addressed to a Treasury official that the Pentagon would "welcome and encourage" increased protections against "unscrupulous automobile sales and financing practices." Mr. Stanley reached that conclusion, they wrote, after an internal survey of domestic military bases revealed cases of " ‘bait and switch' financing, falsification of loan applications or other documents, failure to pay off liens on trade-in vehicles, ‘packing' loans with items whose price tag bears little or no relationship to their actual cost or value, and discriminatory lending." For Matthew Garcia, a 25-year-old Army specialist stationed at Fort Hood in Texas, a car deal gone sour has been "one more giant thing to worry about" as they prepare for a deployment to Afghanistan as early as June. Consumer advocates call it the "yo-yo deal." In September, Mr. Garcia found a 2005 Dodge Neon they liked at a used car lot near the barbershops, tattoo parlors and check cashing stores that invariably line the main roads just outside any military base. They agreed to a deal in which they would pay 19.9 percent interest on a $12,000 loan and signed what they believed was a binding contract. They drove off. But several days later the salesperson summoned them back to the lot, Mr. Garcia said, to tell them the financing had fallen through. They had signed only a conditional contract, they were told. If they wanted to keep the car, they would need to put up an additional $2,500 in cash. Mr. Garcia refused, but by that time someone had blocked their car so they could not leave. They said the dealership would not return their $1,500 down payment. "I was tricked, manipulated and lied to," said Mr. Garcia, who earns about $20,000 a year. "And I feel like it was intentional."
"Who, us?" the wide-eyed auto dealers query. "The impetus for this legislation was to correct the ills that caused the economic meltdown," Mr. Tonkin [chairperson of the National Automobile Dealers Association] said. "We don't belong in this bill." It's a smart move from Dems to use the experience of military personnel to counter this from the autodealers, and it goes beyond sternly worded letters from Pentagon functionaries. David Dayen reports:
Senators Jack Reed and Dick Durbin hosted an unusual ally in their efforts to stop this amendment from passing – Holly Petraeus, the wife of CentCom Commander David Petraeus. They related stories of veterans getting ripped off by unscrupulous practices in auto lending. In one story, they talked about a Jeep buyer who ended up paying $16,000 total for a $4,000 vehicle. Many of the worst car dealerships set up shop just outside military bases, conveniently located to prey upon consumers.... Sen. Reed made the important point on the call that the exploitation of consumers doesn't stop with military families, but they called that particular situation "most dramatic." Asked by FDL News if the Senate would be able to win out in conference, if they stopped the Brownback amendment from passage, considering that the House did pass a carve-out for auto dealers and that they have a lot of sway with politicians in local communities, Reed sounded optimistic. "I believe our prospects are good in conference. We'll have a position bolstered by the evidence," they said. And the White House opposes carve-outs to consumer protection.
The vote on the Brownback amendment could come tomorrow.
Alan Faneca isn't missing much about their old self — the aching joints, the Santa Claus belly, the big and tall clothing shops.
But there is one memory that still haunts their thoughts.
“Those chocolate, peanut butter protein shakes with big scoops of peanut butter,” Faneca said with mock sadness in their voice. “They were about 1,000 calories each, and I used to eat three a day. I definitely miss those.”
Article continues below ...
Since retiring from the NFL and the Cardinals in 2011, the nine-time Pro Bowl guard has dropped about 100 pounds from their playing weight of between 315 and 320 to their current weight of 220. They lost the first 70 in about three months, which had friends and family members jumping to conclusions.
“People thought I was sick or something because it was coming off me so fast,” said Faneca, who played 10 of their 13 seasons with Pittsburgh. “If you didn't see me for two weeks, I'd look totally different the next time. It was hell on my closet. I couldn't buy clothes fast enough. They would just hang on me like drapes.”
Faneca, 36, wasn't sick. In fact, they were shedding weight to avoid just that problem. While a lot of attention – warranted – has been paid to brain injuries and their impact on players' long-term health, Faneca believes weight is another significant issue that deserves more discussion among retired players.
“Most guys should think about it,” they said. “Especially in this new era of the NFL. Big today isn't necessarily all muscle. You can you be 340, 350 and still move. But that's not necessarily healthy, and it's not going to prolong your life, especially when you're out of football dealing with post-football injuries.”
Cardinals team physician Wayne Kuhl can rattle off a laundry list of health benefits for retired players if they lose weight, including “a reduction in blood lipids and therefore a reduced risk of cardiovascular events including stroke, hypertension and cardiac events like heart attacks.
“Blood pressure is also related to weight and the propensity toward diabetes is lessened when you carry less,” Kuhl said. “Not to mention the risk of knee, back and joint problems is greatly reduced when you think of the pounds per square inch of stress that is being exerted on them.”
That is where former Redskin Pro Bowl lineman Mark May has noticed the greatest difference.
“After I retired and stepped on the scales, I weighed about 317 pounds,” May said. “With all the knee surgeries I had, that wasn't going to cut it.”
So they embarked on a metrics diet, used an elliptical machine every day and steadily shed about 70 pounds.
“I'm 53, and people see guys in their 40s and assume we're the same age because I've stayed in shape,” May said. “It's really a mindset that you have to get into. A lot of guys, when they retire, they say ‘I'm not going to work that hard any more.'
“It seems, with linemen in particular, it goes one way or the other. Either they either lose a bunch of weight, or they get sedentary and gain weight because there's nobody pushing them any more.”
Faneca's dramatic drop may be the most eye-popping transformation in recent NFL history, but former Cardinal lineman Ed Cunningham, who dropped from their playing weight of 300 to 220, gave them a run for their money.
When Cunningham played for the Cardinals in the mid-1990s, the team doctor tested their triglycerides, a form of fat in the blood that is linked to heart disease. Anything over 200 milligrams is considered high. Cunningham's was 660.
Retirement can bring an even more dramatic change.
“When you're used to eating a lot and burning fuel, then you stop cold turkey, it is definitely a shock,” said Faneca, who lives in New Orleans. “It's hard enough to adjust to not playing football. Now you have to change who you've been for the last 20 years and how you've been eating for two-plus decades.”
When Faneca lost the first 40 pounds with the help of a StreetStrider, they noticed an immediate difference.
“When I got off the floor I didn't make that old-man moan and I could play with the kids a lot easier,” said Faneca, who wore a BodyMedia armband to monitor caloric intake and other vital information.
Kuhl is not certain if NFL weights have reached the point where they are unnatural. According to the NFL, there were 361 rostered players at the start of the 2012 season tipping the scales at 300 or better. But as they noted, muscle mass has also improved with size, so “the body composition is much better.”
But that's not the case in retirement.
“When you're 300 pounds, done playing and not lifting but still eating, you're adding fat not muscle,” Faneca said. “You're going the other way as far as body composition goes.”
A study by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health concluded in 1994 that offensive and defensive linemen are at more than 50 percent greater risk of dying from heart disease than the general population. In 2005, a Scripps Howard News Service study of almost 4,000 players found that offensive and defensive lineman are twice as likely to die before reaching 50 as other positions.
No one can say for certain how much, or even if weight is linked to linemen's deaths over the years. Did it contribute to deceased lineman Orlando Brown's diabetes? Was weight a factor in Hall of Fame defensive end Reggie White's fatal cardiac arrhythmia in 2004? Or Lee Roy Selmon's stroke in 2011?
We may never know if it contributed to 23-year-old 49ers' lineman Thomas Herrion's death after collapsing in the locker room after an exhibition game due to heart disease. But as Cunnigham told the Los Angeles Times, “When was the last time you saw a 350-pound person and thought, ‘Yeah, their heart's probably loving it'?”
Follow Craig Morgan on Twitter
Head Coach, Atlanta Falcons
Coaching in today's NFL requires a keen understanding of your players as well as the ability to manage the delicate ecosystem of an NFL locker room filled with veteran stars, promising rookies, hardscrabble journeymen, and off the street free agents.
Atlanta Falcons head coach Mike Smith has taken all of those different and diverse personalities and backgrounds and smoothly melded them into an aggressive, attacking-style unit that can quick-strike opponents with the long ball on offense and one that can keep enemy offenses off the scoreboard with a rugged defense.
For those who know Smith, it's not all that surprising that their Falcons have posted a winning record in each of the past five seasons.
But one key question arises:
How has a first-time head coach in the deliriously popular National Football League managed to carve out those five consecutive winning seasons en route to posting the best record in the National Football Conference since 2008?
“I'm a firm believer that you win in the locker room first,” said Smith, the Daytona Beach, Florida native who is the oldest of eight children. “If you can win in the locker room first, your chances of winning on the field greatly increase.”
Smith is certainly all about the team.
They protect their players with fierceness, but all of their guys know that the Falcons are going to do things the right way every time all the time.
“Smitty is our leader,” said Falcons Pro Bowl QB Matt Ryan. “He sets the tone as to how we are going to do things. He's got an open door policy where they will take in all of the information, but at the end of the day, he's going to make the call. We respect that. We all understand that.”
Since becoming Atlanta's head coach in 2008, Smith has established their team as one of the NFL's most consistent performing franchises that seemingly always finds itself in the National, playoff discussion reserved only for the League's elite teams.
During Smith's impressive five-year run, the Falcons have compiled a 56-24 regular season record, which is the second-best mark in the NFL during that time, and has captured two NFC South Division titles.
Smith's accomplishments in their first five seasons as Atlanta's head coach are unprecedented in team history and are among the best in the NFL when measured against their coaching counterparts.
They became the first coach in franchise history to produce back-to-back winning seasons (2008-09), and in 2012, Smith became the first coach in team history to lead their team to three consecutive playoff appearances (2010-12).
The affable Smith — known as “Smitty” to their players and coaching staff — led the Falcons to an NFC-best 13-3 mark in 2012, securing the team's third straight playoff berth. The Falcons also hosted the NFC Championship Game in the Georgia Dome for the first time in the franchise's 47-year history.
Additionally, the Falcons became the first NFC team to earn the conference's top seed twice in three seasons (2010 & 2012) since the Philadelphia Eagles posted the NFC's best record in three straight seasons from 2002-04. For their efforts, Smith was named the Sporting News Coach of the Year for the third time in five seasons (2008, 2010 & 2012). Smith's 56 wins are the most in the NFC and are the most by any Falcons head coach in team history during their first five seasons. In addition, Smith's 56 wins in their first five seasons as a head coach are the second-most among any first-time head coach in NFL history.
Atlanta's .700 winning percentage is the highest in team history over a five-year period and is also the second-best percentage in the League.
Smith's steady hand at the helm includes a strong emphasis on establishing a true home field advantage and that philosophy has produced an astounding 33-7 home record and .825 winning percentage during their tenure, the second-best mark in the NFL over the last five seasons.
One of Smith's basic coaching philosophies centers on their team displaying sustainability. They want their Falcons to be able to maintain a certain level of performance, not just each season, but from game to game, quarter to quarter, and play to play.
Smith's overall coaching philosophy is one based on starting fast in all three phases of the game. Perhaps that explains why their Falcons have amassed a 42-10 record in games where they score first. Coupled with core principles built around playing fundamentally sound football, Smith's disciplined teams have displayed a knack for holding onto leads and closing out the opposition.
Smith's troops have posted a 44-2 record in games where the Falcons lead at halftime (since 2008). Atlanta also owns a 42-1 mark in contests where the Birds hold the lead at the beginning of the fourth quarter since 2008.
Smith, one of the top defensive minded coaches in all pro football, teaches a rugged and physical approach to defense, which has produced the third- stingiest group in the NFC in points allowed since 2008 at 20.1.
Also, the Falcons defense has been tough when closing out halves and games in the last three seasons by allowing just 17 points in 53 possessions in the final two minutes of either half.
During the 2012 season, Smith became the first coach in franchise history to reach 50 wins and the third fastest head coach since the AFL-NFL merger to reach 50 wins, accomplishing the feat in 71 games.
Additionally, the Falcons were among the best in the NFL last season in scoring offense and scoring defense – finishing seventh and sixth in the NFL in both categories, respectively. Atlanta averaged 26.1 points per game on offense; the Falcons defense surrendered 18.7 points per game in 2012.
From a team perspective, the Falcons lit up the NFL during the 2012 season. QB Matt Ryan earned their second trip to the Pro Bowl after setting franchise records for passing yards (4,719), attempts (615), completions (422), consecutive passes without an INT (272), completion percentage (NFL-best 68.6), touchdown passes (32), and 300-yard passing games (7).
TE Tony Gonzalez earned their 13th career Pro Bowl selection after becoming the first tight end and eighth player in NFL history to record 100 career touchdown receptions.
WR Roddy White recorded their franchise record sixth consecutive 1,000-yard season in 2012 while teammate Juilo Jones – who earned their first trip to the NFC Pro Bowl game – set a franchise record with 182 receiving yards in the NFC Championship Game.
In 2011, the Falcons defense ranked second in the NFL in red zone efficiency (78.7 pct.) and finished sixth in the NFL in rushing defense (97.0 ypg).
The Falcons' special teams units have also excelled through Smith's emphasis and direction by finishing in the top 10 in NFL rankings in each of the past five seasons.
Under the guidance of Smith, the Falcons posted a 10-6 record and earned their second consecutive playoff berth in 2011. The playoff berth marked the third time in four seasons Atlanta has reached the playoffs under Smith.
The Birds wrapped up the 2011 campaign in record-setting fashion, as QB Matt Ryan, RB Michael Turner and WR Roddy White all established new franchise bests. Ryan broke the franchise record for passing yards in a single-season after eclipsing QB Jeff George's mark of 4,143 yards set in 1995.
Ryan finished the 2011 season with 4,177 yards, 29 touchdowns and a 92.9 quarterback rating, all career highs at the time. Turner broke RB Gerald Riggs' franchise record of 48 rushing touchdowns, with two scores against Tampa Bay in Week 17, giving them 50 as a Falcon.
“The Burner” also led the NFC in rushing yards with 1,340 yards and added 11 touchdowns on the season.
White also got in on the action when they became the Falcons all-time leading receiver with 7,374 career receiving yards, breaking Terance Mathis' old mark of 7,349 yards. The ninth-year receiver out of UAB also finished the season with 100 receptions and became the first player in team history to record multiple 100-catch seasons.
Atlanta also produced two Pro Bowlers in 2011 as White and TE Tony Gonzalez were each named to the NFC Pro Bowl team. The selection was the 12th for Gonzalez.
In 2010, Smith guided the Falcons to the second-most wins in a season in team history, the top record in the NFC with a 13-3 mark and an NFC South Division crown. The 13 victories also secured the number one seed in the Conference for only the second time in franchise history and the Division title was just the fourth ever for the team in 45 years in the League (and first since 2004).
Their club's eight-game winning streak during the 2010 campaign was the second longest ever in team annals. The Falcons also were the only team in the League to rank in the top 5 in both scoring offense (25.9 points) and scoring defense (18.0 points allowed) and boasted an NFL-high as well as a franchise-best nine players who were named to the Pro Bowl.
For all the milestones achieved in 2010, Smith earned the prestigious Sporting News NFL Coach of the Year and the KC 101 Clubs NFC Coach of the Year award for a remarkable second time in three seasons.
In 2009, Smith's club captured their final three games of the season, including two victories on the road to secure a winning record and the first back-to- back winning seasons in team history.
Their club's hard-fought three-game winning streak at the end of the 2009 campaign to secure a winning season was especially impressive considering the Falcons faced the fourth-toughest schedule in the NFL and five of the team's seven losses came against playoff teams. Smith's Falcons also lost nine key starters for at least one game because of injury (and a total of 45 games of missed action overall) but still continued to display the kind of resolve that is characteristic of Smith-coached teams since they took over in Atlanta.
Under Smith's determined leadership in 2008, the Falcons enjoyed one of the biggest turnarounds that the NFL has ever witnessed. The seven-win swing going from 4-12 to 11-5 is tied for the fourth-best mark (at +7 wins) in the League for a rookie head coach since 1978.
Smith's 11 victories are tied for the top mark with five other head coaches for the best record for a rookie head coach taking over a team that finished below .500 the previous season. And only three rookie head coaches in NFL history had more wins in their first campaign on the sidelines than Smith.
Smith's firm guidance in 2008 allowed the Falcons to make several improvements from the previous season, which included points per game average, rushing yards per game average, passing touchdowns to interception ratio and fewest sacks allowed. They had their team ready to play in every game in 2008 as the Falcons were tops in the League in first quarter points scored and registered a streak of holding opponents in 12 of 15 games to under 20 yards rushing in the opening quarter of games.
The shrewd drafting of quarterback Matt Ryan and astute free agent signing of running back Michael Turner were two aggressive moves that paid immediate dividends and laid a solid foundation.
For their coaching efforts in 2008, Smith earned Associated Press and Sporting News 2008 NFL Coach of the Year honors, as well as NFC Coach of the Year by the respected KC 101 Club.
Smith boasts a strong coaching background that includes 13 NFL seasons and 33 total years in football. Their defensive track record has witnessed a remarkable amount of success as they helped guide the Baltimore Ravens to a Super Bowl XXXV Championship in 2000 as a defensive assistant coach and led the Jacksonville Jaguars defense to top 10 rankings in several categories (overall defense, points allowed and rushing defense) during their time as the club's defensive coordinator (2003-2007).
With Smith's help, the Jaguars had the sixth-most wins in the NFL (from 2004-07) with 40 victories. From 2003–2007, Smith led Jacksonville's defensive unit, which ranked fourth in overall defense (296.6), third in offensive points allowed (16.1) and fifth in rushing defense (99.3) from 2003–2006.
In their last season in Jacksonville in 2007, the Jaguars rushing defense continued that trend as the unit ranked sixth in the AFC, holding opponents to 100.3 yards per game. The Jaguars defense under Smith's direction also finished 12th in the NFL in total defense in‘07.
In 2006, Jacksonville ranked second in the League in total defense (283.6), which was the highest mark for the franchise in its history. The Jaguars defense also contributed to a team-record 20 interceptions and allowed an NFL-low 11 points per game on their home turf.
During Smith's five seasons in Jacksonville, three defensive players garnered six Pro Bowl selections, which included defensive tackle Marcus Stroud (2003–2005), defensive tackle John Henderson (2004, 2006) and cornerback Rashean Mathis (2006). Smith also coached the likes of defensive end Bobby McCray, who became just the fourth Jaguar to record at least 10 sacks in 2005. Smith contributed to three winning seasons in Jacksonville (2004–2005, 2007) as the team reached the playoffs for the sixth occasion in franchise history in 2007 and defeated the Pittsburgh Steelers in an AFC Divisional Playoff game on the road at Heinz Field.
Prior to joining the Jaguars, Smith spent four seasons with the Baltimore Ravens and was the Defensive Assistant/Defensive Line Coach from 1999–2001, which included the team's 2000 Super Bowl winning season. The Ravens defense set an NFL 16-game record by allowing only 165 points en route to the team's first NFL championship.
In 2002, Smith served as Baltimore's Linebackers Coach. That season, the Ravens featured All-Pro linebacker Ray Lewis and Pro Bowl linebacker Peter Boulware, who recorded 57 tackles, seven sacks for a loss of 51 yards, one interception and four passes defensed in their finest NFL season under Smith's tutelage. Before joining the NFL ranks, Smith spent 12 seasons at Tennessee Tech from 1987–1998. They were the Golden Eagles' Defensive Coordinator for the last three seasons as the team finished in the top 10 in the nation in total defense (1997 and 1998). They joined the Tennessee Tech staff as the Defensive Line Coach and then served as the Special Team Coordinator from 1988 to 1995. Prior to their last season with the Golden Eagles, Smith was promoted to Assistant Head Coach on top of their Defensive Coordinator duties.
Smith played college football at East Tennessee (1977–1981) and was named defensive MVP twice at their position. They led the team with a school record 186 tackles as a senior. Smith was born on June 13, 1959.
Smith, their wife Julie, and their daughter, Logan, live in Suwanee, Georgia.
Smith's Coaching Background
Never before have I written a column concerning nothing more than a pair of quotation marks. Then again, never until now have I seen the power of punctuation so perniciously deployed.
It is not a new trick. Very popular in hackdom during the Cold War decades. Enclose something in quotation marks and all between them is instantly de-legitimized; no argument or explanation need be made. Here, try it:
Advertisement:
“… the Cuban ‘doctors' sent to Angola…”
Or: “… Soviet-made ‘farm equipment' in Portugal since its 1974 revolution…”
Well, they were doctors and it was farm equipment. In the latter category I sat in a Soviet tractor out in the Portuguese vineyards, and damn it if the camponês did not find it useful.
In the end, this kind of thing is simply passive aggression, my least favorite neurosis. No one actively lies such that one can confront and reveal. It is lying by misleading and by implication, so sending us off full of groundless conviction and prejudice.
In this case, we have the irresponsible use of inverted commas, as the Brits say, to shape national opinion on a question of vital importance. The question is Iran. And now to the supine, corrupted and corrupting organ.
You have taken a wild guess, and you are right. We have our familiar problem with our friends on Eighth Avenue, the New York Times, faithful servants of the sanctioned orthodoxy. I give these folks an “A” for clever disguise this time, and I flunk them in the professional ethics class. Simply shameful, this round of reckless chicanery.
Advertisement:
Here is the situation.
As all know, a deal with Iran over its nuclear program is the biggest game going these days — an historic opportunity, as previously asserted in this space. Fumble this, and the Obama administration will go down as hopelessly moronic on the foreign-relations side.
You may know, too, that a round of talks between six world powers and the Iranians just hit a pothole. It is essential to understand why.
The paradox is apparent, not real. Knowing why reveals what a nation with imperial ambitions looks like when it is nearing exhaustion and would rather decline than shape up, re-imagine itself, and take a new and constructive place in the global community. Not knowing why encourages Americans to preserve their righteous self-image even as the moths of history chew holes in it.
Advertisement:
Best, in Washington's view, that we do not know why talks in Geneva last weekend failed.
Complex story, but we can take care of it simply. Iran wants a nuclear program, and this includes the capacity to enrich uranium. This is Iran's right under international law. Washington and the major European powers do not want Iran to have such a program because they worry Iran will eventually build a nuclear weapon. The talks in Geneva went sour because the U.S. and the Europeans demanded that Iran surrender its right.
O.K. Here is the lead in the Times report from the City of Diplomacy:
Advertisement:
The Iranian government's insistence on formal recognition of its “right” to enrich uranium emerged as a major obstacle, diplomats said Sunday.
Two big problems. Nothing emerged as an obstacle in Geneva other than Secretary of State Kerry's duplicity, given that their Iranian counterpart, Mohammad Javad Zarif, now charges them with misleading Iran as to demands to be made on the enrichment question. Iran has been quite clear all along: Enrichment under law will never get on the table. Zarif would have skipped the trip had they known Kerry's plans; Kerry knew this.
Then the quotation marks. With them, the Times proposes to deprive Iran of its statutory rights so that Washington can lie to us as well as to the Iranians.
You are all set now for the corker. You search through the piece to understand the quotation marks, and you come to this, edited down so as to get to the point:
Advertisement:
Iran has asserted repeatedly that it has the right to enrich uranium…. The Obama administration is prepared to allow Iran to enrich uranium to the low level of 3.5 percent…. But the administration is not prepared to acknowledge at this point that Iran has a “right” to enrich….
This is how the consciousness of empire is dribbled into us and sustained, one touch at a time. Iran asserts only the validity of international law. What the administration is prepared to allow or acknowledge has nothing to do with what Iran can and cannot do as a sovereign nation.
This is also why these talks are very likely to fail. If they do, it will be the fault of Washington and its allies and the complicit media. It is this kind of language that enables Congress to begin debates on new sanctions against Iran. Concessions and demands are different: Iran may choose to concede this or that; the U.S. cannot demand those things by pretending international law does not (somehow) apply.
In my view, we are amid a pandemic of misinformation as to our global behavior. The dishonesty with which we are given the world — an essentially fantastic version of it — is becoming abject to the point of danger. And it is frighteningly willful. Here is the paradox: We cannot bear to see things as they are because things as they are constituted a refutation of our dearest mythologies, but we must see things as they are if we are to make sense of ourselves in the 21st century.
The Iran case has just become urgent in this regard. As I have asserted previously, it will be profoundly detrimental if the U.S. and the Europeans do not pursue what is a patently serious effort on Iran's part to claim its rights and ease the world's worries as to its nuclear program.
Advertisement:
If the honorable editor will permit the unconventional, two things belong in caps so that a modest few Americans might stop wandering in the dark purposely created by the Times and all the other media too weak-minded to make judgments without reference to the Times:
ONE: IRAN HAS AN UNAMBIGUOUS RIGHT UNDER LAW TO A NUCLEAR PROGRAM, INCLUDING ENRICHMENT, EVEN IF THIS MAKES IT (AS IT WILL) NEARLY CAPABLE OF WEAPONIZING. READ YOUR DAILY NEWS DOSAGE WITH THIS IN MIND.
TWO. THERE IS ZERO EVIDENCE THAT IRAN DESIRES A NUCLEAR WEAPON, AND DECADES OF POLICY TO INDICATE IT PREFERS A NUCLEAR-FREE MIDDLE EAST. THERE IS ONLY ONE REASON IRAN WOULD CHANGE ITS MIND: ISRAEL'S NEVER-MENTIONED ARSENAL OF NUKES. THE MOTIVE WOULD BE DETERRENCE, AND MOST OF US WORSHIPPED AT THE ALTAR OF DETERRENCE WELL ENOUGH DURING THE COLD WAR. IRAN HAS SIGNED THE NUCLEAR NON-PROLIFERATION TREATY; ISRAEL DECLINES TO DO SO.
The adage among properly cynical diplomats used to be that they were sent abroad to lie for their country. During the Cold War, as Washington's sponsored atrocities grew evident, the thought took a turn: Diplomats were sent abroad to lie to their country.
Advertisement:
Consider it a template and apply it to our press folk.
Correspondents used to be sent abroad to keep the country informed (in theory, at least). Now correspondents go forth to send home a simulacrum of truth, a semblance, while keeping their country misinformed.
It is no good positing some golden age of spotless integrity, some yesteryear when newspapers, the wires and broadcasters glistened with high principle. There never was such a time. A good press is ever a work in progress, requiring the calloused hands of each generation to make it however good it can, always and by definition short of any ideal.
Too far short when one considers this columnist's cohort.
After The Daily Caller and other news outlets reported that an online petition had caused the Lexington, Kentucky school district to drop Frederick Douglass High School's stallion mascot, local students Drew Rodriguez and Bilal Chhadh decided to protest that decision and post their own petition.
The students are currently freshmen at Henry Clay High School but plan to attend Frederick Douglass High next year after construction of the new facility is completed.
The first petition, initiated by Diane Cahill, denounced the stallion as insufficiently “gender-neutral” and wondered, “What message does this send to our daughters and granddaughters? Our sons and grandsons?”
It attracted a meager 214 supporters. The counter-petition has garnered 10 times that with 2,115 names as of Monday afternoon.
The petition reads: “We as Lexingtonians should take pride in our history and strive to commemorate it, not argue over trivial matters such as the gender of a mascot. We feel our society has become too sensitive to such matters as simple as a school mascot. The point of the Stallions was not to denounce women, but to honor the rich history of the land the school is being built upon. In addition, the Keeneland green color was incorporated into the school to promote Lexington's profound equestrian history.”
The students even suggest a compromise lest anyone still feel somehow slighted by the stallion imagery: “The male teams could be referred to as Stallions and the female teams as the Lady Stallions.”
Rodriguez told The Daily Caller on Monday that they found Cahill's position to be “extreme,” and had just met with the school principal and had a “productive conversation.”
“He went out of their way to meet with us personally and we are very encouraged by this. They applauded our efforts for speaking and standing up for what we believed was right. They reassured us that the mascot will be decided by incoming students to FDHS and that Stallions will be an option or seriously considered as one. In addition, the overwhelming support by the community has been outstanding,” said Rodriguez.
The petition asks that “Superintendent [Manny] Caulk and the Fayette Co. Board of Education consider our requests and hope that a reasonable solution that both communities agree on is found.
Caulk, in their response to the first petition, said that “We want our new high school to be a source of unity and pride for our entire community and we thank all of those who have taken the time to reach out and engage in the conversation about this issue,” Fayette County Schools Superintendent Manny Caulk said in a statement.
Follow David on Twitter
Robert Reich, in the course of their "Tax the wealthy, keep everyone healthy" piece for Salon.com, addresses the myth that OMG if we tax the people who prop up our economy they're going to go Galt on us eeeeeeek!
According to the most recent data (for 2007), the best-off 1 percent of American households take home about 20 percent of total income — the highest percentage since 1928. Yes, I know: Critics will charge that these are the very people who invest, innovate, and hire, and thereby keep the economy going. So raising their taxes will burden the economy and thereby hurt everyone, including those who are supposed to be helped. But there's no reason to suppose that taking a tiny sliver of the incomes of the top 1 percent will reduce all that much of their ardor to invest, innovate, and hire in the future. Yet if this tiny sliver means affordable healthcare for a far larger number of Americans, who will be able to get regular checkups and thereby stay healthy and productive, the positive effect on the American economy is likely to be far greater.
I just want to add three points to this:
1. I remember when Reagan pushed their tax cuts for the rich of America by saying that it would make them invest in their companies. What it actually did was give them the liquid capital they needed to make the first big investments in building all those factories overseas, where they could get away with using slave or near-slave labor in wretched conditions while screwing over their American workforces.
2. One reason the rich and their press buddies are screaming as loudly as they can against Reich's and the House Democrats' tax-the-wealthy-keep-us-all-healthy plan is because they know full well that the public likes the idea better than just about any other, as Nate Silver showed recently.
3. The rich may like putting their factories in low-tax, slave-wage places (both in and outside of the US), but when it comes to places where they themselves actually live and work, guess what? They choose places like New York, the Hamptons, and other high-tax, high-wage locales — unless they're so rich that they can afford to set up heavily-fortified compounds to keep out the locals.
A former staffer explains.
As the Republican backlash against Newt Gingrich continues to grow, earlier today, I spoke with former Gingrich communications director Rich Galen about the three weaknesses that have undermined Newt's campaign from the start.
A penchant for divisive language: “Newt, as a rhetorical device, will use the most divisive possible language to describe their position vs. their opponent's position. He'll then use that to bring you to their side. That's the kind of thing they do when the adrenaline's flowing. The problem on Sunday [on “Meet the Press”] is that the language they used was against Ryan, who is supposed to be an ally, or at least not supposed to be enemy.”
Too many ideas at once: “He is really is a man with lots of ideas. The problem is, you get sixteen ideas a day, some of them won't be benign. … He's a college professor by training. In person, they are a great college professor-style lecturer, who really gets you to thinking, really provokes you. But, of course, on “Meet the Press,” they don't have a chance to develop context, develop an argument for forty-five minutes. They run into trouble filtering that down to a concise point.”
No base of support in the House GOP: “His base of support over the years have been the House Republicans, and a few days into the campaign, they turn the guns on the House Republicans. Even before then, though, many of their old colleagues in the House are no longer there, and they no longer remember them driving Democrats nuts.”
Alessandro Del Piero has sympathised with their former Italy team-mate Francesco Totti's predicament at Roma calling it a 'difficult situation'.
Totti's time at Roma appears to be coming to an end as manager Luciano Spalletti looks towards the future with younger players.
The 39-year-old has scored 301 goals in 753 appearances for the club over a 24-year spell.
Roma icon Francesco Totti looks set to leave the Italian outfit this season after a 24-year career
Totti's (left) time at Roma this season has been soured by a fractious relationship with Luciano Spalletti
FRANCESCO TOTTI'S ROMA CAREER Appearances: 753 Goals: 301 Serie A trophies: 1 (2000-01) Coppa Italia: 2 (2006-07, 2007-08) Supercoppa Italiana: 2 (2001, 2007)
Totti is a Roma icon and their likely exit at the Stadio Olimpico mirrors the way Del Piero departed Juventus four years ago.
The Juve legend left the club outfit after they aren't offered a new deal during the 2011-12 season - subsequently moving to Sydney FC after 19 seasons in Turin.
And comparing the two situations, Del Piero knows what Totti is going through.
'I feel close to my ex-Italy team-mate,' Del Piero told Il Secolo XIX.
'I know from experience that their situation is a difficult one to deal with from the inside.
'Regardless of how it ends though, I think he'll be one of those players who will always represent the team they played for.'
Totti has spent most of the season on the bench but has rescued a point for Roma in their last two Serie A games - against Bologna and Atalanta.
Totti (right) scored a 78th minute equaliser to claim a point for Roma in a 3-3 draw with Atlanta on Sunday
Juventus legend Alessandro Del Piero left the club after not being offered a new contract in 2012
The forward then joined A-League outfit Sydney FC - where they played for a further two years
The pitcher who Craig Counsell pegged as the Milwaukee Brewers' opening day starter is no longer on the major-league roster. Instead, Wily Peralta is down in Colorado Springs with the Triple-A squad trying to work through their difficulties that led them to a 6.68 ERA and 5.57 FIP.
Right from the get-go, Peralta was bad, so bad that it only took fans a month to wonder how long they would remain in the rotation. As things worsened, Brewers Twitter began asking beat writers Adam McCalvy and Tom Haudricourt if Peralta had any remaining minor-league options, a question you hope you never have to ask about a former No. 1 prospect.
When Matt Garza started to get healthy and began to make rehab starts, I was afraid the Brewers would choose the wrong arm to send down in the wake of their return. (I'm still not used to trusting a Brewers' general manager). I had a feeling that David Stearns and Counsell weren't ready to give up on Peralta just yet, leaving Zach Davies and Junior Guerra, both of whom failed to make an opening day roster, as top candidates for a demotion. That would have been ridiculous, and you can be sure I would've written a post blasting the decision.
Fortunately, the Brewers sent down Peralta.
Davies has been dominant in their last handful of starts, and as you can see from the chart, Guerra has been Milwaukee's best starter. Peralta was the clear and obvious choice, so kudos to the Brewers for being reasonable.
I don't expect Peralta to remain in Triple-A for the rest of the season. I think the bullpen is the best course of action for both Peralta and the team. As a reliever, Peralta can work on getting more strikeouts with their high-velocity fastball, because a 5.73 K/9 is completely unacceptable for someone who throws 94 mph.
"Music is very important," said Higgins, the father of two teenage girls. "But I don't want that to override what a motivational speaker just said."
A year ago, Higgins brought FuzeNation to a Kitchener industrial building, putting Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak on the same bill as Norwegian DJ Kygo. Conceptually, they feel it was a success. Financially and crowd-wise, it was not.
With the Success Walk, Higgins is hoping thousands will attend.
"I'm hoping for seven," they said. "I think it's attainable."
On Friday, Higgins wasn't ready to name the celebrities they had lined up to appear at Success Walk. But they said they had three stars ready to take part.
"They don't want to be mentioned just yet."
But their speakers are to include social entrepreneur and public speaking coach Jagneet Singh. As well, one of the artists behind the "Highway of Heroes" mural, Kedre Brown, will create a mural of the Success Walk, Higgins said.
Higgins believes Kitchener is the right-size city to launch and maintain their walking-and-talking career fair, which could be transplanted to bigger cities.
"It's big but not too big that I can't draft something that's kind of personalized and human," Higgins said. "Kitchener is the city of kindness. I've met a lot of great people there who like new ideas and are hip to what's going on."
Of course, the weather may have the final say on how successful the event is.
"I hope it doesn't rain on the first one."
jhicks@therecord.com
Sen. Tom Cotton won't rule out or “rule in” the possibility of joining presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump's general election ticket as a candidate for Vice President, they reveal in a new interview.
From U.S. News & World Report:
Would you accept an offer to be Trump's running mate?
(Laughs) I haven't seen it floated out there. Like I said I've been focusing my political work on making sure that we hold the Senate and focus the rest of the time on my son.
So that's not ruling it out?
I wouldn't rule it in either.
So you'll be voting for Donald Trump in November?
I've said all along, I'll support the nominee, because we can't afford another term of the Obama-Clinton foreign policy or for that matter, economic policy at home. And now Donald Trump's the presumptive nominee. So we obviously need to do some work to unify around our common and shared principles and Donald's got the responsibility and opportunity to do that in the coming weeks.
…
And those that are out there saying should be a third-party movement for conservatives. You would say what to them?
I think it's important that the Republican Party remain the home of conservatives and that the best way to advance conservative principles is to elect Republicans, up and down the ballot.
Read the rest of the interview here.
Juvar23 3 years ago
My bad about the healrate. I didn't actually check, just wrote it down from what I (falsely) believed.
That actually isn't my pilot seat placement, it's Titan's :P mine is situated at the bottom layer and connected to 4 different treads, thus making it very difficult to harm it quickly.
Also, I know the hitbox is large. It's a fun build, not meant to be for perfect functionality xD the fact that I got 3 kills in several battles and could endure continuous fire from 5 enemies with 1 fellow TRACK OP-build, outhealing their damage, proves it's pretty effective either way :D
I have barely cubes on my build (it's the second image with the flags and aero rods), mostly aero rods and tracks. A total of 179 cube count (of those 19 being tracks, 8 being guns, 4 being teslas, and maybe 10+ cosmetics).
My bad about the healrate. I didn't actually check, just wrote it down from what I (falsely) believed. That actually isn't my pilot seat placement, it's Titan's :P mine is situated at the bottom layer and connected to 4 different treads, thus making it very difficult to harm it quickly. Also, I know the hitbox is large. It's a fun build, not meant to be for perfect functionality xD the fact that I got 3 kills in several battles and could endure continuous fire from 5 enemies with 1 fellow TRACK OP-build, outhealing their damage, proves it's pretty effective either way :D I have barely cubes on my build (it's the second image with the flags and aero rods), mostly aero rods and tracks. A total of 179 cube count (of those 19 being tracks, 8 being guns, 4 being teslas, and maybe 10+ cosmetics).
Kadrey's SANDMAN SLIM: a hard-boiled revenge novel from Hell
Richard Kadrey's new novel Sandman Slim is the most hard-boiled piece of supernatural fiction I've ever had the pleasure of reading. William Gibson says it's a "deeply amusing, dirty-ass masterpiece" and that's just right.
Eleven years ago, James Stark was banished to hell by their circle of magic buddies, betrayed by their supposed friends for the crime of being a better magician than them. For eleven years, he's suffered hell's torments as Azazel's mortal slave, first made to fight in the pits and then turned into an assassin. And now he's escaped hell by stabbing themselves in the heart with a key that opens every lock, and he's returned to Los Angeles to seek their vengeance on the magicians who betrayed him. They hunt them across a demon-infested Los Angeles, dishing out and receiving relentless, graphic violence, determined to take their revenge and then die and leave the Earth behind forever.
In another writer's hands, this might be just another of those gonzo-funny books about demons and magic and so forth, an over-the-top, ironic novel that eschews horror for yuks.
But Kadrey's Stark is hard-boiled -- not just self-conscious and wise-cracking, but bereft of hope, burning with anger, without any of that self-reflexive, cutesy stuff that writers put in when they're worried about sounding like a poseur. Kadrey's not worried. In the way that Lovecraft's best work is totally unapologetic about the horrors of hell, in the way that Chandler is totally unapologetic about their antiheroes who inhabit a world without redemption or light, Kadrey's Stark is in a living hell, and they hurt, and they will make other people hurt, and they will not stop.
That's not to say that there's no wit in Sandman Slim -- there's plenty of that, but it's the gritty, whiskey-fuelled Tom Waits kind of wit that laughs like it has throat cancer and then spits something wet on the floor after it's done.
This is a tightly plotted revenge story that grabbed me by the throat and didn't let go. The characters are fascinating and even likable, and the gun-stuff and the magic-stuff and the demonology-stuff all feel like they're from someone who knows what he's talking about, all confident and energetic and fresh and angry. I loved this book and all its screwed-up people.
Sandman Slim: A Novel
Former Devils prospect Ben Johnson was sentenced to three years in prison on Tuesday in a Windsor, Ontario, court, according to multiple published reports.
The 22-year-old Johnson was convicted of sexual assault in September, stemming from the attack of a 16-year-old girl at a night club in Windsor\ in March of 2013.
Johnson was also accused of sexual assault in a January of 2013, incident, but they were found not guilt of that charge in November of 2015.
Johnson drafted in the third round by the Devils in the 2012 NHL Draft. They spent that majority of the time playing for the Windsor Spitfires and Albany Devils since being drafted.
The Devils terminated Johnson's contract following the September conviction, releasing this statement at the time.
"Earlier today, the club was informed of Windsor Superior Court Justice Kirk Munroe's ruling against Mr. Johnson," the Devils said in a statement after Johnson's September conviction. "Based on the ruling, the club has initiated the process required to terminate Mr. Johnson's Standard Player's Contract."
Chris Ryan may be reached at cryan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @ChrisRyan_NJ. Find NJ.com Devils on Facebook.
Here is the latest instalment of Steam's Hardware Survey , as usual we do our monthly thing and compare it and talk about it and make sure you know not to use it as a hard figure.Ubuntu 13.10 64 bit 0.37% 0.00%Ubuntu 12.04.4 LTS 64 bit 0.15% +0.09%Linux Mint 16 Petra 64 bit 0.10% +0.01%Ubuntu 13.10 0.08% +0.01%Linux 3.10 64 bit 0.07% +0.07%Ubuntu 12.04.4 LTS 0.06% +0.06%: 1.30%Well it was originally:Then the stats changed:So looking at the newer figures we went down by 0.04%, Windows went up by 0.17% and Mac OSX went down by 0.14%.You should know by now that anything under 1% can simply by statistical errors, it's still fun to see us holding better than Mac OSX though.The Other category has gone and that contained a few of the lesser represented Linux distro's like Fedora, Gentoo and Arch for example. It has been reported by a few that Arch may show up in Linux 64bit. Ideally we need Steam to let us see more of them.Distro-hoppers will mess up the statistics as well, Linux users are far more likely to switch between different distributions than say a Windows user due to how many we have.Just be aware these results will probably not be that accurate as we don't know how they do their percentage results, they could be rounding up, rounding down or truncating the percentages. So a 0.5% could actually be nearly 0.6% as it could be 0.59% but they could do no rounding and simply truncate it.Also it won't be every Steam user (it's anot a full statistic), so it can be as simple as not actually showing the survey to many Linux people.Let's face it we know they don't survey 100% of their user base, only a small fraction of it, so bear that in mind as well. Personally I am still yet to see it under Linux so it's not counting me that's for sure and I am logged in every day!Lastly Linux users typically shy away from any form of DRM, so you can bet there is a large bunch of Linux users who just simply refuse to use Steam.Look at it this way, Steam has around 75 million active users, 1% of 75 million is about 750,000 people. What developer wouldn't want to hook into a market that big? We are still under-represented in my eyes.
The Golden Gate Bridge is a pretty thing to gaze at, a pain in the butt to paint, and an excellent place to Instagram. But unbeknownst to most of the 40 million annual vehicles often forced to inch across the span, it also sits above a wet and whirring hive of activity, the churning economic engine that helped build the cities that surround it.
Like industrious, capitalist trolls, ships bring about 35 million tons of goods through the Golden Gate every year, on their way to the eight ports of the San Francisco Bay. Wood pulp, nuts, plastic, glass, rubber, electrical machinery: All make their way through these foggy, choppy waters.
Heady and overwhelming stuff for anyone who bothers to really take a look. Fortunately, designer Sam Kronick, who works for the mapping platform Mapbox, has decided to help you visualize how it all goes down. Kronick unearthed a few strange and interesting datasets: One, from the United States Coast Guard, shows the off-shore locations of most (but not all) ships, updated by the minute. A second: The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration publishes information of the country's underwater terrain, the peaks and valleys most don't see. From there, they reconstructed a day in the life of the San Francisco Bay. Specifically, September 1, 2014. Then they built it all into an animated map.
In the visualization, the lighter purple indicates shallower depths (less than three feet), and the darker, deeper (more than 50 feet). Kronick has extrapolated ships' sizes based on their behavior, with the wide, sandworm-like ones indicating ships longer than 330 feet, the triangles between 330 and 100 feet, and the blippy dots the smallest vessels, at less than 100 feet. Each light green line indicates the path a ship took on the day in question—a more vibrant, Ghostbusters' slime green means a well-worn shipping lane. (Kronick picked the color scheme because it evokes radar, which many ships still use.)
“There's ton of a little story in this dataset,” says Kronick. “That's why I love seeing it play out.”
Watch gigantic vessels retrace identical shipping lanes. See harbor pilots in zippy tugs guide larger ships through the treacherous sand bars at the mouth of the bay. Observe as fishing boats ‘round Half Moon Bay take off in near-union in the morning.
Mapbox
Gaze upon the ghostly tracks of all the ships that fly past Alcatraz Island, or dock at San Francisco's famous piers.
Mapbox
The project took Kronick a good two weeks, but it was probably worth in the end: The project snagged them a full-time job at Mapbox, where they now hunt for weird datasets full time. And you, incurious landlubber—you keep a better eye on the sea.
Rebel fighters affiliated with the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) have reportedly discovered a “hidden” detention center in northern Syria where Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) jihadists used the “worst, most violent torture tools” on female prisoners.
The prison was found in the northern Syrian city of Manbij, which was recently liberated from ISIS by the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG)-led SDF. Fighters from the Manbij Military Council, which is part of the SDF, made the discovery.
Citing the independent news agency Arab24, Sky News reports that the prison contained 10 small rooms.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh7K1RIz2k8
“We discovered an Islamic State group prison for women, with rooms for groups as well as solitary prisoners,” Ibrahim Al-Mohammed from the military council told Arab24. “We found the worst, most violent torture tools, and may God curse them.”
“We found various kinds of pills, including sexual stimulation, contraceptives and narcotic pills which were used by the Islamic State group for torture,” added Omar Mazerli, leader of the military council. “They have very strange ways. This place was very hard to find and it is well hidden, but we got here with God's will and the efforts of the Military Council.”
The detention center was used to imprison women who defied orders from the Islamic State, also known as IS, points out Arab24.
Video footage purportedly shows writing on the facility's wall in Arabic that reportedly says, “God, I have wronged myself, and no one forgives sins but you. Forgive me, you are forgiving and merciful.”
In January, ARA News reported that a 21-year-old Syrian girl had been tortured to death in Manbij by a female ISIS jihadist for violating the Islamic dress code imposed by the terrorist group.
The news outlet did not identify the prison where the girl was held, saying only that it was an “ISIS detention center in the Syrian border city of Manbij.” It may have been the recently discovered facility.
“She was harshly tortured. We have received their dead body full of physical effects of torture,” a family member of the victim told ARA News on condition of anonymity. “We cannot even protest against this horrible crime. The only judicial department in Manbij is the Sharia Court, which supports such crimes.”
“The militants practice all kinds of violence against the female prisoners. Once you protest, they will beat you to death,” an unnamed informed local source quoted a former female prisoner in Manbij as saying.
ISIS formed the al-Khansaa brigade, an all-women police or religious enforcement unit, to patrol its de facto Syrian capital of Raqqa because men are prohibited from touching females under Sharia law.
Although it remains unclear if the terrorist group established similar groups in other territories, the Soufan Group, a terrorism research firm, predicted in February that “as with male recruits, female recruits may begin to be directed toward other Islamic State territories.”
News of the Manbij women's prison discovery comes just weeks after the SDF recaptured Manbij from ISIS, liberating thousands of captive civilians after months of fighting.
Behind the Wheel” is a series of interviews that will be an ongoing theme with TCF, interviewing not the CEO's and chief designers of the automotive industry, but rather those who report on them. Previously, I held an interview with SaabKyle04, detailing how they started their career and where it has led them as well as Mr. Regular part 1 & 2. View part 1 & 2 of my interview with Wes Siler of Indefinitely Wild and previous /DRIVE Ride Apart. That's the theme of these current and future interviews.
Michael Spinelli started their automotive career founding one of the most popular online automotive websites around today, Jalopnik. After serving as the Editor-in-Chief for several years, they transitioned from a digital to print platform at 0-60 Magazine and ultimately found themselves back on the Web with /DRIVE. They still miss their 1966 Mustang their sister took to college and never brought back. Although they never revealed it in the interview, they and the car are still searching for their long lost love to this day, yearning to be reunited.
What was your involvement with cars going up as a child? Was your father or someone in your family a gear-head, was it based from a favorite movie, or just a general inclination towards cars in general?
I guess like a lot of boys, I was just hard-wired to love cars. I started memorizing every car on the road pretty early on, and then every other library book was about cars, every toy I wanted was related to cars, I begged my parents to take me to every local car show, etc. Pretty standard stuff. I had an uncle who used to restore Model As and old Cadillacs, but my dad was completely disinterested. But for some reason my parents always drove interesting cars. They had the only Austin Gipsy in the Bronx, which they called “The English Jeep” because they had no idea what it was. Later, my Dad had a '75 Alfa Romeo Alfetta 1.8 that they loved, but took horrible care of. They had a great mechanic (the late John Mastroianni, Sr. of Auto Turismo Sport). “OIL, Frank,” they used to yell, “CHECK THE OIL!” Mastroianni kept the Alfa running well, mostly, for about eight years, until it just rusted away. It was a shame, really. That was an amazing car. If the early Alfetta had had the build quality of a BMW 320i, it would have been a legend.
Advertisement
What was your first car?
My “first” car was a red 1966 Mustang with a 289 V8 2bbl. It was in awful shape. I bought it when I was 12 from a local butcher for $75 and, to my parents' horror, had it towed home. It was really rough, but I finally convinced my dad that they and I were going to work on it together. By “work on,” I'm not sure what I was thinking, since my dad had zero knowledge of cars, and I had only a Chilton's manual and a Craftsman ratchet set. We ended up getting it running, with help from friends. But then my older sister needed a car because they were moving to Vermont, so they got the Mustang. I was broken up, but it would have just sat there for three years until I got my license. I've never let them forget it, though. They sold it and bought a lime-green VW Westfalia bus. My first car that I *drove* was a 1973 Buick Century sedan I bought from a very, very old man for $500. They were one of those guys who bought cars with zero options because options were a symptom of anti-Calvinist debauchery that will inevitably destroy America like it did the Romans, or something like that. It had a 350 V8 and it was a manual, but with the shifter on the column. That three-on-the-tree linkage was always jamming, and I used to keep a small mason's hammer next to my seat, so I could crawl underneath and slam it back to neutral. Eventually I got a transmission guy to do some fancy machining work and put in a Hurst 3-speed shifter. After that, and a few new top-end parts on that small-block V8, and it became quite the Camaro hunter. I worked at a Chevy dealership in high school, so I got to drive every sort of shitbox, and also a lot of cool stuff, like a '72 Corvette L88 and a Bitter SC, which was a really luxurious, low volume German sedan that looked a little like a 365 GT4 2+2, but was built on the chassis of a European Opel Insignia. The dealership had just one, and I think after a year or two they finally sold it. It cost something like $50,000, and that was back when a C4 Corvette was less than $30k.
Advertisement
You went to school for journalism. I'm guessing by that time, you had a general idea with what you wanted to do in life? Was it to be in an automotive capacity or did that decision come about later?
Well, not exactly. There was a period after high school where I was over cars and I just wanted to move on and do something else. I went toward journalism because I figured I could write pretty well, and it was a skill that might allow me to do other stuff if I wanted — once I figured out what I wanted to do. Truthfully, I had hit a speed bump at trigonometry, so math was out. Most of the rest of my time was spent as a guitar player in a band. Everything was kind of mixed up, and so I just learned to write. After college, I fell into the dot-com world and ended up staying there for five or six years. Then the big crash happened, and I landed at a company doing really boring market research stuff. When the opportunity to start Jalopnik came along, I was just trying to figure out what I wanted to do with myself, so I just threw everything into that to try and make it work.
Advertisement
Many “auto-journos” that have Kinja blogs write with very little precision or complexity. They rely more on the car itself than the content of the writing itself. What are your thoughts on those that have a professional background and are in the business compared to amateurs that start from nothing?
Ok, old-fart time. The problem with all the access to writing and publishing online we have now is that the skill has been devalued. Despite all we've heard about blogging and “citizen” journalists, writing well isn't something “anyone can do.” You have to work at it, and be conscious of what makes good and bad writing, and take it seriously. You don't have to love writing — writing sucks; if you love writing, you probably aren't that good at it yet — but you do have to be completely involved in it. When I started college, I thought I could write because I got A's on my high school essays. But in journalism school, I couldn't believe how much red ink my professors used on my papers. I had to be completely broken down and built back up, and that took time and angst. I hated it. And then, of course, you have to learn reporting and structure and analysis, and all those things. You have to learn your beat — if it's cars, you have to follow the industry, and absorb everything you can about modern technologies, and production and the business and the engineering and physics and everything. You can't just start out writing 2000 words on why BMWs are ugly and expect to get a job at Car and Driver. Also, it helps to actually read things. I've read articles online where I'd swear the writer hadn't cracked a single book since graduation. The argument against writing is that “no one reads except Google.” And that may be partly true, but people do pass around interesting ideas and clever articles, so it's more important than ever to be succinct and compelling and tell a good story. And that's hard. Mark Twain once said, “If I had more time, I'd have written you a shorter letter.”
Advertisement
How do you feel about the relationships between journalists and automotive companies? With giving an example or two: The Camaro mule crash or Ferrari becoming a little unfriendly with Harris? Or the other way around, such as offering lavish all expense-paid trips to test out the vehicles?
The issue is sort of overblown. A good, fair, sharp journalist can write anything they want about any car and maintain a decent relationship with the car companies, and still get invited on launch events. Automakers invite some of the best journos to pre-production launches because they know they're going to get smart observations and criticisms they can use. The trouble is, so many writers confuse being “critical” and “unbiased” with being “smart.” Then again, these days there's a really wide range of writers attending launch programs. Some are excellent and know more about the industry and about carmaking than the company's product managers themselves, others are just starting out or write for publications that don't really do “reviews,” and others are just complete hacks in it for the free trips and shit. I don't think it's an existential crisis for car journalists, but in this environment of transparency, they do have to uphold their game. If they don't it can be embarrassing, if not career-crushing. There are plenty of people on fan forums who know more about a single make of car than any journalist does, and they're always ready to call out mistakes. But these guys would fall on their faces if they had to cover the whole industry. And there are more opportunities than ever to scrutinize journalists' work on forums and on social media these days, which can spotlight the hacks and make everyone else think all journos are freeloaders and “in the pocket” of car companies. You can get around all of that by being good at your job.
Advertisement
Although many know of your experiences, give a little timeline of your career. How'd you get up to the point you are now with DRIVE?
After the dot-com crash, I was in a rut and I found out that Gawker wanted to start an automotive blog. I e-mailed them and they asked me to write a few posts. I did and they hired me. That was it. I took a 60% pay cut to do Jalopnik, but I would have done anything to get out of what I was doing, and I thought there might be a future in it. The name was another matter. Gawker's policy at the time was to name sites in a way that represented a person doing something — Gawker, Defamer, Kotaku, which is Japanese slang for a gamer. For cars, everything we came up with sounded stupid, until we stumbled on “Jalopnik.” I don't know why we thought that would work, but it did. That was 10 years ago. I ran Jalopnik for a few years, and then got tired of the pace, of having to get every car story first above all else, which was company policy at the time. The pressure to beat the other outlets to the punch was immense. I was worn out. I had gotten a few offers to write for print, and so I left. I did some magazine writing and worked for a video startup called Next New Networks, which is now part of Google. Eventually I got laid off and went to work as editor-in-chief of a magazine called 0-60, which I'd been writing for, and which I loved. But that only lasted a year, and then the publisher decided Millennials didn't read car magazines, and closed it up. I went back to Jalopnik for a while, and then was among the first few producers at /DRIVE, and here we are today, still trying to make work. Online video is a brutal business, but it's been great.
Advertisement
If not writing about cars, what would you write about?
Probably food or music, though I always secretly wanted to be a true-crime writer.
Advertisement
What was one of the worst cars you reviewed? Why? And what was one of your favorites (with this answer, limit it to cars obtainable by the general public)
I was very disappointed when I drove the early Dodge Dart. It was like going back to the ‘80s. It was (and in many ways still is) a car built on a foundation of corporate compromises. A decent, but aging Alfa Romeo chassis that was ruined by engineers tuning it for an American economy-car audience. Horrible steering, bad ride, shifter like a wooden spoon in a quart of yogurt. It was miserable. It made me miss the Neon. It's a little better now. On the other hand, everything everyone says about the Ford Fiesta ST is true. Most fun for the money of any car I've ever driven. Definitely a favorite.
Advertisement
Where do you see automotive media going in 5 years? 10+ years? In a good or bad direction?
I'm a cockeyed optimist. I think automotive media will always find new ways to get people enthusiastic about cars. There are already a million ways for car buyers to get information about new cars, so I'd say the generic “review” will probably fade away, or be subsumed by another medium. Maybe a new Yelp for cars will rise up and the whole review process will be crowdsourced. We'll see.
Advertisement
What steps would you advise to someone wanting to make a living in journalism, or more specifically, automotive journalism?
U.S. President Donald Trump's administration is considering a plan drawn up by former Blackwater CEO Erik Prince to hire a private army to end the 16-year-old war in Afghanistan, Breitbart News has confirmed.
Prince told Breitbart News that the U.S. is assessing their strategy as it debates what to do about the ongoing conflict that has already outlasted two administrations.
“My proposal has been taken up by various federal officials for review as part of their recommendations to the president,” declared the former U.S. Navy SEAL, dismissing claims that their plan involves the full privatization of the war in Afghanistan.
Prince argues that there would be fewer private contractors in Afghanistan under their plan than there are now.
“There's already nearly 26,000 private contractors in Afghanistan, that number would go down to about 5,000,” they told Breitbart News. “The American troop levels would go from 9,000 down to 2,000. That's hardly a privatization of the war. That's a rationalization and an ending of the war.”
On Monday, U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis indicated that the Trump administration is, in fact, considering the option of using private contractors in Afghanistan.
The U.S. has already tried both a surge and a drawdown of U.S. forces just to have the Taliban resurge, taking more territory, and the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) establish a presence in Afghanistan.
According to the U.S. military, the Afghanistan-Pakistan region is home to the largest concentration of Islamic terrorist groups in the world.
Prince told Breitbart News that U.S. victory in Afghanistan, which they said involves making the region “very, very miserable for terrorists to live and operate,” is attainable, stressing that they can deliver the winning strategy.
Breitbart News has learned that President Trump is unhappy with the plans put forward by the Pentagon and the White House.
Trump is reportedly looking for a novel approach to dealing with the seemingly endless war.
Prince said they believe their plan offers “exactly” what the commander-in-chief is looking for — a new strategy to “ending” the war in Afghanistan.
President Trump has “a real reluctance” to sign up to plans to increase the number of troops in Afghanistan, Prince told the Times adding, “A change of course is necessary.”
The Blackwater founder argues that they can achieve victory for the United States using a leaner and cheaper private army of about 5,500 contractors who would train Afghan soldiers and engage in combat against the Taliban, with the assistance of a handful of U.S. special forces and a 90-aircraft private air force, Military Times reported.
Prince has revealed that their plan would cost less than $10 billion dollars a year, as opposed to the estimated $45 billion the U.S. is expected to spend in 2017 alone on its military presence in Afghanistan.
The U.S. has obligated about $714 billion for the war in Afghanistan, which started in October 2001, soon after al-Qaeda attacked the American homeland on 9/11.
Elected officials and law enforcement authorities on Sunday are expected to offer a $1-million reward for information leading to the arrest and capture of fugitive ex-cop Christopher Jordan Dorner.
A massive manhunt for Dorner began last week after the 33-year-old former Los Angeles police officer and Navy veteran allegedly began a deadly campaign that has left three people dead and two others injured. Dorner is believed to be upset over their firing from the department in 2009.
The city of Los Angeles, law enforcement organizations, private groups and anonymous donors have all contributed to the reward fund, according to law enforcement sources familiar with the investigation. Authorities have already raised $500,000 with a goal of $1 million or more.
PHOTOS: Manhunt for ex-LAPD officer
Los Angeles County Supervisors Mike Antonovich and Mark Ridley Thomas are also expected to ask the board Tuesday to contribute $100,000 toward the reward fund, according to Tony Bell, an Antonovich spokesperson.
The reward announcement is expected at Sunday's 1 p.m. news conference at Los Angeles Police Department headquarters.
The news conference will be attended by law enforcement officials from Los Angeles, Riverside and Irvine, according to a statement. Officials from the FBI and U.S. marshal's office will be on hand.
ALSO:
Dorner manhunt: Search resumes in Big Bear mountains
Dorner manhunt: Officers opened fire on mother, daughter
Dorner had history of complaints against fellow LAPD officers
- Andrew Blankstein and Ari Bloomekatz
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The five-year course for student doctors will cost £36,500 in tuition fees per year
A medicine degree course at a UK university is not open to students from the UK - only overseas students are allowed to apply.
The medicine course at the University of Central Lancashire, launching this autumn, costs £36,500 per year.
The university says it is unable to admit UK students due to government limits on places to study medicine.
Careers charity MyBigCareer says this does "absolutely nothing" for young people wanting a career in medicine.
Ucas, the universities admissions service, and Universities UK say they do not know of any other UK undergraduate courses not admitting UK students.
The five-year course at the Preston-based university, training students to be doctors, is only available to overseas students, who will pay total tuition fees of £182,500.
There are 38 overseas students in this initial intake, who will have to pay the fees without any of the financial support or loans available to UK students.
Disadvantaged applicants
The training will work in partnership with local NHS hospitals, but students from the UK, or elsewhere in the European Union, are not allowed to apply.
A spokesperson for the university said it would like to be able to admit UK students but was prevented from doing so by a limit on the number of places for UK students to study medicine.
Student number controls were lifted from most university courses, but have been kept for medicine. This restriction reflects that places for medicine, part-funded by the NHS, cost much more than the £9,000 upper limit for fees in England.
Deborah Streatfield, founder of careers and social mobility charity MyBigCareer, warned that a course which did not admit UK students closed the door to youngsters wanting to get into a medical career.
"This course is linked to NHS providers and yet attracts students who can self-fund £182,500 in tuition fees over five years," they said.
"This does absolutely nothing to help young students from disadvantaged backgrounds who struggle to access medical courses and then face five years of fees and tuition loans. These students would love to work and give back to the NHS if given a chance."
Cathy Jackson, head of the university medical school, said: "We are very much not an elitist organisation and we are working with our partner trusts to improve the health economy in many ways in all the regions in which we are working.
"These international students self-fund their course in the same way as international students do at every other medical school in the UK. Unlike the other schools however, we don't yet have any home students," said Prof Jackson.
They said that if there was an increase in the number of UK students for medicine degrees, "we will certainly be making a bid for those increased numbers".
"We would like to take home students and are actively looking at ways to make this possible, even without such an increase."
A Department of Health spokesperson said: "We fund student places for doctors based on the numbers the NHS tells us it will need in the future to ensure we get value for money for the taxpayer and we are committed to deliver an estimated 5,000 more doctors in general practice by 2020."
Earlier this month, there was criticism of work experience placements in a private hospital being sold for £500 per week, which would help students to improve their applications to study medicine at university.
There have been particular concerns about the lack of fair access to medicine courses, with warnings that medical schools are failing to recruit students from a wide enough range of backgrounds.
Research from the Medical Schools Council in December showed that half of UK secondary schools and colleges had not provided a single applicant to medicine in recent years.
(CNN) -- While the world remembers the fall of the Berlin Wall 20 years ago, one frontier of the Cold War remains intact; the demilitarized zone that separates North and South Korea.
Formed after the Armistice Agreement in 1953, the thin ribbon of land between the two countries that are still technically at war is one of the most heavily armed areas in the world, but it has also become an accidental paradise for wildlife.
A South Korean MBC TV crew recently returned from an 18-month shoot that took them beyond the barbed wire and gun-turrets to record a documentary on the rare species that have made it an oasis from human interference.
"One of the things that makes it so special is that it has nearly all the eco-systems you'll find in Korea," Mark Strickson, a zoologist and producer of the documentary for NHNZ told CNN.
The 4-kilometer-wide by 250-kilometer long (2.5 miles by 155 miles) DMZ includes wetlands, forests, mountains, rivers and coastlines. Temperatures can range from 20 degrees Celsius (68 degrees Fahrenheit) to a debilitating minus 20 degrees Celsius (minus 4 degrees Fahrenheit) in winter.
While relations between the two sides are still waiting to thaw, the area has become a winter migrating post for rare white-naped cranes, a haven for one-third of only 2,500 red-crowned cranes left in the world and home to almost 200 other species of birds and 52 species of mammals, including Korean water deer and Amur goral.
There they may be free from the hunter's rifle, but they are not completely free from human contact or immune to the conflict between the two sides. Wild boar that have lost legs to landmines can be seen hobbling out from the forests, and when two gorals face each other from either side of the border fence it is hard to tell which one is in the safest area.
While filming, the crew were escorted by South Korean military officers, able to travel off the few roads only under the guidance of carefully drawn landmine maps. Even then, the filming was hazardous, particularly in the rivers and streams where unknown landmines lurked washed there by floods
As well as some stunning shots of the wildlife they also gleaned a small insight into the life of the billeted soldiers; giving wild boar scraps of food near their mess, and lobbing potatoes over the barbed wire fence, to feed the goral during the harsh winter months.
Unconfirmed sightings of big cats, including Siberian tigers and leopards, have also been reported in the DMZ by soldiers, but were not seen by the camera crew.
"If there were some tigers, they'd be struggling because of the area that tigers need to support themselves. But certainly leopards, it's the perfect place for them to be. There's no reason why they shouldn't be there," Strickson said.
A tiger sighting would complete the picture of the DMZ as an oasis of natural wonder, a reason why the non-governmental organization, The DMZ Forum, is supporting a joint research trip by both sides to find evidence of the rare big cat next year, the Chinese year of the Tiger.
"The forum's role is very neutral. We are focusing on nature and animals and human rights. We try not to be involved in the political process and the nuclear talks, we try to focus on tigers, leopards and cranes," Dr Lee Seung-ho, co-founder of the DMZ Forum told CNN.
Established in 1997 to promote peace and conserve the DMZ's biodiversity, last year it embarked on a project to encourage North Korean farmers of the Anbyon plain to preserve the area so red-crowned cranes can return.
But the DMZ Forum's efforts go beyond the tangible -- of tractors and organic farming; its real aim is to change the common perception of the DMZ.
"We're trying to change the view or concept of DMZ from fear, threat and landmines; change it from negative ideas to positive ideas of natural treasure, so we can build peace and prosperity. Our role is to change the world's view. We need to educate the world and the people of North and South Korea to keep it," Dr Lee said.
At first I thought that Facebook had a glitch.
How else could I have gone, in a matter of days, from having 700 Facebook fans to having over 4000?
To be clear, the fans weren't technically mine. They belonged to the Facebook “fan page” of a book I published two years ago, called Shut Up, I'm Talking. Like every other author, I had been repeatedly told that social networking was crucial to promoting my book, and so when the book came out, I dutifully created a Facebook fan page, and the page slowly began to gain fans.
The first 100 or so were friends and family, but from then on, a handful of strangers who had read the book would join every week, until I reached about 700 fans a few months ago. Which is why, as I stared at my computer screen recently, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. 4000 fans? Who were these people?
Two years after I had created it, the page seemed to have suddenly gained thousands of fans literally over night. Grasping at straws, I wondered if this sudden burst of interest in my book was the result of some positive – if very late – book review that had been published somewhere. But unable to find one, I decided that a technical problem with Facebook was the most likely cause.So I logged off the site, and went about my day as normal – unaware that all the while, my sudden legion of fans was growing at an exponential rate.
By the time I checked in that evening, expecting the glitch to be resolved, there were 1000 more fans, bringing my total to over 5000. By the next morning there were 7000, and this explosive growth rate continued in the days that followed. Soon the day-to-day increase started doubling regularly, until it eventually hit a steady stride – at which point I was gaining more than 25 000 new fans on a daily basis.
Keep in mind that the fan count had by now far surpassed the number of copies of the book that had actually been printed. So those weeks when over 100 000 new strangers would inexplicably join my Facebook fan page were maddeningly confusing.
And just plain maddening. As the numbers soon crossed the quarter million mark, I started to feel a bit under siege. Was this some kind of elaborate prank? Who were these 250 000 people (and counting), and what did they want from me? Should I send out a Facebook message to them? If I did, what should I say? I had no idea what kind of message I wanted to send, and so I kept silent. But the whole thing was increasingly unsettling, and making me paranoid.
Meanwhile, the numbers just kept shooting upwards. Very quickly, I had passed celebrities like Brad Pitt(55 000 fans) and Spike Lee (67 000 fans), as well as entire countries (Spain: 25 000 fans). And as time went on, my book's page overtook ridiculously famous authors like J.K. Rowling (95 000 fans) and even Dan Brown (499 000 fans). Soon, my book had more fans than New York City (510 000 fans). It was mind-boggling, bizarre, and unnerving, especially since it was unclear what was driving this.
Only when I noticed that some of these fans had been posting messages on my page's “Wall” did I realize what was going on. Their quotes were along the lines of:
“Yeah, I was saying something and my mom broke in, and I was like, ‘Shut Up, I'm Talking!' LOL!”
Or:
“Cool page! I hate it when people talk over me!”
Perhaps you can see what had been happening. Even though the fan page shows the book's cover and its synopsis, and informs visitors that it was published by Simon & Schuster, the vast majority of these supposed “fans” were somehow totally unaware that it was referring to a book at all. They had simply joined because they were fans of the phrase “Shut Up, I'm Talking.”
They were the sort of people, I soon discovered, who were also fans of such inane but popular Facebook fan pages as “Punching Things” and “I hate it when I get fingerprints all over my phone.” But each time one of them would become a fan of Shut Up, I'm Talking, their circle of Facebook friends would blindly do the same – causing its frighteningly viral spread.
When I described this odd phenomenon to my editor the other day, they were as baffled as me, but noted that it was strangely in keeping with my book itself. Shut Up, I'm Talking is a memoir about how, when I was twenty-five-years-old, I accidentally stumbled into a job as a speechwriter for the Israeli Government, first at the UN and then in the Prime Minister's Office – despite not even being Israeli. Until they pointed it out, I hadn't thought about how my inadvertent Facebook popularity was actually of a piece with those random events, but there's obviously some truth to them observation.
Although the daily growth rate has slowed somewhat, the page now has almost 700 000 fans. That's more than The New York Times (626 000 fans), but there has been something unsatisfying and almost bittersweet about the experience. At one point I had 700 fans who had read and presumably enjoyed my book. Now I have one thousand times that number, but most of them have never even heard of it.
I still haven't sent a Facebook message out to my army of accidental fans, because I don't know what to say. To be honest, if I wrote what I really thought about them, it probably wouldn't be too flattering. But I guess that maybe it's time to make contact and at least let them know that I've written about them here.
These days, like anyone involved in almost any enterprise, authors are assured that the path to success lies online. But while a Youtube video of a man tripping over a dog and falling headfirst into a toilet can become wildly popular, carefully orchestrated and well-funded online advertising campaigns for politicians or Hollywood movies can fail outright – making it seem impossible to predict what will get traction in the wilds of cyberspace. Still, it feels like we have no choice but to soldier on, and publishers and authors continue to pin our hopes on somehow figuring out a way to properly harness the internet.
With publishing in such precarious shape right now, I suppose authors should embrace any kind of attention they can get, even if it's completely misguided. But if my online fans can't even grasp that the fan page they've joined is for a book, I'm not particularly optimistic that they'll read the book in question – or any books at all, for that matter. Since Shut Up, I'm Talking's paperback comes out later this summer, though, I have to hope against the odds that even a tiny fraction of them will check it out.
Maybe you should too. After all, 700 000 fans can't be wrong.
By Ted Smith
Everyone in the cannabis industry fears it will be taken over by large corporations now that the federal government has committed to legalizing cannabis. Since the Liberals have not introduced a detailed plan, there is a legitimate concern that lobby efforts from large companies will pressure the government into creating tight rules that virtually eliminate competition from small business. If the cannabis culture wants to ensure a fair market that makes room for both big and small business, then we need to move forward with concrete action now.
At this point, while Justin Trudeau and the Liberals have pledged they will legalize, their plan is rather vague. Until the Cabinet is set and the MPs settle into their collective positions, there will be little more happening than some behind the scenes jockeying for a position on the committee that will eventually oversee this matter. At this point there do not appear to be any set dates for implementation, and from my perspective the longer that takes to set up and complete the better.
Once the committee is announced then citizens should have several different opportunities to present information and opinions to them. Each individual on the committee could be approached to convince them to either support a particular proposition or the entire group will likely accept information presented in writing, at least. Persuading this committee to create simple, low-barrier cannabis markets is crucial to the success of legalization.
It will be during this time period that the mass media and general public will be paying particular interest to this subject. Letters to the editor are another important method of influencing those not using social media as a source of information. With everyone interested in legalization being done properly, it is important for us to engage personally with as many people as possible during this time period, so every opportunity that appears to educate others on the benefits of minimal regulations should be taken.
A model that allows both large and small companies to produce and sell cannabis to adults will ultimately maximize the benefits of legalization. A competitive environment will ensure low prices, high quality and excellent consumer service. Moreover, a diverse range of cannabis businesses will encourage the development of several different types of businesses which will generate far more money for the local economy than the actual sale of the plant material.
With so many strains of cannabis, along with so many ways of growing it and make edible and topical products, a properly regulated industry would allow small businesses across the country to specialize in various products and services. This would guarantee regions across the country would benefit from legalization rather than a small number of municipalities that would gain from massive factory-style grow operations being built. The Canadian economy is built upon small business and this industry would thrive if given the chance.
If big business is able to convince the government to over-regulate the industry, then many problems will appear. The prices will not likely go down significantly under such a system, giving plenty of incentive to grow and sell outside of the system. If cannabis is legal but the prices remain high, then there obviously be a huge underground economy continuing to exist as many consumers like me will never buy from a big company.
There are a few ways we can ensure this never happens. We need to make sure every single city in this country has a medical cannabis dispensary as soon as possible. The mandate of the group can depend upon the local community. Some places that are very conservative will need the group to have strict rules about joining, but others in big cities are pushing the envelope to widen the understanding of the medical benefits of cannabis. These dispensaries have many benefits both to the patients they serve and to those uncertain about cannabis, as they prove there are few harms from allowing the sale of cannabis from a store compared to the harms of prohibition.
Now when it becomes legal there is likely to become a split between medical and recreational cannabis providers, but until that happens we need to use the licensing models being created by Vancouver and Victoria to break into other cities when no club exists. By getting our collective feet on the ground across the country as soon as possible, we can build the framework upon which the future system can be built. After all if there are hundreds, even thousands of clubs working together under an organization like the Canadian Association of Medical Cannabis Dispensaries then we have a very strong position to bargain from as a community of small businesses.
Another important method of overgrowing the system that people need to consider is growing as much cannabis as possible next summer. Grow it in your garden, your mom`s garden and city plots. Grow it in your front yard. We need to get as many seeds and clones in the ground as possible next spring to put our collective foot down about growing. By getting others into growing cannabis we can normalize it and help keep the prices down. After all, if everyone is growing they will have to keep the prices down.
Of course the regulations that will be introduced will have some problems that will need to be worked out but we have a chance coming up to make sure they are done right the first time. By working hard now to prepare our arguments and build a community of small businesses, we can do our very best to make sure that when we all get a chance to help create a scheme to legalize cannabis that benefits everyone. This is a critical moment in history and we cannot afford to allow this opportunity to pass without fighting for the best model of legalization possible.
In only a few short months, the idea of a Google-owned cell carrier has gone from Android fan fiction to impending reality. Since catching first wind of it, we have honed in on more detail and confirmation. Sundar Pichai's talk at Mobile World Congress left us thinking Nova would be rather small in scale, and now it's starting to become clearer how it will shape up. According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, Nova will launch with a product lineup of one device: the Nexus 6.
While this will come as a surprise to many, in retrospect it makes a great deal of sense. Knowing that Nova will switch between T-Mobile's and Sprint's networks along with a strong reliance on Wi-Fi, Google will need tight control of both hardware and software to ensure a smooth transition into a fairly new way of doing things.
Considering we don't know the specifics of how Google will implement this switching, it's difficult to speculate whether more current-generation devices or past Nexus phones might get added on later. Timely updates may be key, given that Lollipop has added the ability for different apps to prefer different types of networks; for instance, streaming services would need the strongest signal while apps that are light on data can be made to prefer Wi-Fi, even if the signal is weak. Likewise, we will probably see Nova leveraging T-Mobile's Wi-Fi calling to improve service in the home and take pressure off sometimes spotty coverage.
Another aspect to consider is that to be compatible with T-Mobile (GSM) and Sprint (CDMA) at every spectrum, the hardware has to support it. The Nexus 6 is one of just a select group of devices that has all of the required antennae in every device sold to do this sort of switching between all types of North American network bands. Still, VoLTE support is not a part of the AOSP ROMs, which could be another holdup.
What is obvious is that Google is not plotting any sort of immediate takeover of mobile service in the USA. If the fact they are going to be an MVNO didn't make it obvious enough, this tentative roll-out with just a single device removes all doubt. If this initial launch works well, though, the industry may want to watch out.
Lee Sedol started with a bow, a traditional Korean gesture of respect for an opponent who could neither see them nor sense their presence.
The world champion at Go – an ancient Chinese board game – looked nervous. Their eyes darted from side to side. They took a sip of water, and made their first move.
Lee could be forgiven some nerves: their opponent was AlphaGo, an artificial-intelligence program designed by Google DeepMind, their five-game series billed as a landmark face-off between human and computer. “History is really being made here,” said commentator Chris Garlock, as the first game in the series started.
Three and a half hours later, history had indeed been made: AlphaGo won, shocking many observers of the game and marking a major breakthrough for AI.
Go isn't played much in the west, but it is widely enjoyed throughout east Asia. Two players take turns to place tiles on a board, trying to gain territory by arranging their tiles in strategic shapes or patterns. The surface level simplicity is deceptive: there are trillions of possible moves. The almost endless possibilities make it difficult to follow a particular strategy, and mastering the game means using intuition to react to any number of possible twists or turns.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest South Korean professional Go player Lee Sedol, right, prepares for their second stone against Google's artificial intelligence program, AlphaGo. Photograph: Lee Jin-man/AP
Computers had already conquered chess, when in 1997 IBM's Deep Blue defeated world champion Garry Kasparov. Go was “the only game left above chess”, as DeepMind's CEO Demis Hassabis put it before Wednesday's showdown.
Lee, a South Korean who sports a bowlish haircut and looks younger than their 33 years, spent much of the match leaning forward, cradling their chin in their hand. Sat opposite them was DeepMind developer Aja Huang, who physically placed the stones on the board in positions chosen by AlphaGo. Lee played aggressively from the outset, putting AlphaGo on the defensive.
There are more possible Go positions than there are atoms in the universe DeepMind's CEO Demis Hassabis
The match was close, with both AlphaGo and Lee making mistakes, but eventually Lee conceded that AlphaGo had built an insurmountable lead. AI had scored a victory in one of the most creative and complex games ever devised.
Lee maintained a meek posture in a post-game press conference, hanging their head and at times looking to be on the verge of tears. They expressed surprise at their opponent's strong performance. “I didn't know AlphaGo would play such a perfect game,” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Go player Lee Sedol at the press conference after losing to AlphaGo. Photograph: Lee Jin-man/AP
The result shocked many Go aficionados. As recently as two weeks ago, Lee said they were confident of a sweeping victory. AlphaGo's defeat of a European Go champion in October last year – an achievement many thought was at least a decade away – should have acted as a warning.
AlphaGo's mastery of Go is so significant because of the near-infinite number of board positions available and the intuition that top human players rely upon to pick between them. Hassabis described Go as “the most elegant game that humans have ever invented”, with “simple rules [that] give rise to endless complexity”.
“There are more possible Go positions than there are atoms in the universe,” they added.
DeepMind's team built “reinforcement learning” into the programme, meaning the machine played against itself and adjusted its own neural networks based on trial and error. AlphaGo is capable of narrowing down the search space for the next best move from the near-infinite to something more manageable. It can also anticipate long-term results of each move and predict the winner.
The match took place in a quiet room as reporters watched on a projector screen from a separate press area. The game, including commentary, was live-streamed on YouTube.
AlphaGo doesn't get tired, doesn't forget, doesn't worry Andrew Okun, president of the American Go Association
Ben Lockhart, a 22-year-old who took up Go as a child in New York and who moved to South Korea four years ago to study the game full time, welcomed the unprecedented level of attention brought by the AlphaGo contest. “That no one really knows this game [in the west] has been frustrating for a long time. At least after this more people will have heard of Go,” they said.
Maybe part of the reason that the game has struggled to make inroads in the west, where it has no history, is that it is a less than scintillating spectator activity. The action inches along, with long pauses as players eye the board and contemplate their next move. It isn't always obvious to viewers unfamiliar with the game who is winning. After a couple of hours of play, most reporters were slouched in their chairs playing with their smartphones.
Lee has four more chances to beat AlphaGo and claim the $1m in prize money. The stress and fatigue affecting the South Korean won't be a problem for their opponent when they reconvene for game two on Thursday 10 March.
“Historically, Go has been a game of people testing themselves against each other, and themselves. It has been a game of character,” Andrew Okun, president of the American Go Association, who flew to Seoul to watch the showdown. AlphaGo, they added, “doesn't get tired, doesn't forget, doesn't worry”.
Rahm Emanuel needs to win an outright majority in Tuesday's Chicago mayoral election to avoid a runoff. If they fail, their setback may be due partially to their support for Chicago's red-light cameras, which are so unpopular that a solid supermajority of residents (66 percent) call them a bad idea.
The red-light cameras have drawn criticism for spikes in the tickets issued at certain intersections, a possible increase in accidents at formerly low-incident lights and a $2 million bribery/kickback scandal.
But for Chicago drivers, it may be the nickel-and-diming that hurts the most. As reported by the Chicago Tribune, the city made several modifications to the standard formula used to set minimum yellow-light change times, all of which shorten the duration of yellow lights and increase the chance a driver will run a red and pay a fine.
The formula is: Yellow change time = 1 + (1.47 * Approach Speed) / (2 * Deceleration Rate)
When calculating the intervals, Chicago did not adopt the Institute of Transportation Engineers' standard deceleration rate of 10 feet per second squared, opting instead for the 11.2 feet per second squared used by American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials in its formula for braking time.
Additionally, Chicago chose to calculate yellow intervals by using the posted speed limit as the approach speed. The preferred approach speed, according to the Federal Highway Administration is the 85th percentile speed used by real drivers. Approach speed may also be set by adding 5 mph to the posted limits.
But Chicago chose a less generous option for both these variables. The slower the posted speeds are than the actual speeds, the more likely it is that drivers will be hit with a fine.
When the California Traffic Control Devices Committee reviewed its yellow-light policies, the report found that, in the city of Costa Mesa, 80 percent of posted speed limits were lower than the actual 85th percentile speed. The average discrepancy was 2.78 mph.
To model how much time Chicago's adjustments might be costing drivers, I built three models of how long Chicago yellow lights would be if the city's calculations resembled that of other municipalities.
If Chicago used standard deceleration rate (10 feet per second squared versus 11.2 feet per second squared).
If Chicago used standard deceleration and adjusted approach speed to resemble real driving by adding 2.78 mph, as observed in California.
If Chicago used standard deceleration and adjusted approach speed to resemble real driving by adding 5 mph.
POSTED SPEED LIMIT YELLOW LIGHT DURATION IN CHICAGO IF CHICAGO USED STANDARD DECELERATION AND ADJUSTED SPEED BY REAL DRIVING OR USED POSTED SPEED LIMIT PLUS 5 MPH 25mph 2.6s 2.8s 3.0s 3.2s 30 3.0 3.2 3.4 3.6 35 3.3 3.6 3.8 3.9 40 3.6 3.9 4.1 4.3 45 4.0 4.3 4.5 4.7 50 4.3 4.7 4.9 5.0 55 4.6 5.0 5.2 5.4 55 4.6 5.0 5.2 5.4 60 4.9 5.4 5.6 5.8 65 5.3 5.8 6.0 6.1
These intervals reflect the minimum duration of a yellow light, but for the purpose of issuing tickets, cities often add a cushion, not penalizing drivers who pass just after the light changes. Chicago chose to use a small cushion of 0.1 seconds, compared to New York's 0.3-second grace period.
In the best-case scenario for drivers, if a city set yellows by adding 5 mph to the posted speed limit, stuck to the standard deceleration rate, and used New York's more generous grace period, drivers would gain an extra 0.8 to 1.1 seconds before a fine was triggered. Even more conservative adjustments (adjusting only the deceleration rate) add 0.2 to 0.5 seconds.
Those small increments can make a big difference for drivers and municipalities. When California conducted its assessment, it found that increasing the yellow timings in San Diego “by only 1 to 1.5 seconds, would decrease the number of tickets issued by the cameras from about 3,000 per month to less than 500.” The change they produce in vote tallies remains to be measured.
CORRECTION (Feb. 25, 10:26 a.m.): A previous version of this article gave an incorrect unit of measurement for deceleration rates. It is feet per second squared.
A Playboy playmate has been elected as one of Vladimir Putin's MPs in the Russian parliament, giving them some cheer after all the recent protests against election fraud by their party. Maria Kozhevnikova, 27, an actor, posed nude for the Russian edition of the magazine two years ago, soon after breaking up with a boyfriend.
They featured on the cover and seven revealing pages were devoted to them inside the magazine. “Playboy magazine invites readers to meet Maria and get to know them better,” boasted the title.
The daughter of a Soviet ice hockey player, Alexander Kozhevnikov, who was twice an Olympic champion, Maria was a lead singer in a Russian group called Love Stories before taking on film roles.
 They are now best known as a star in Univers, a TV sitcom about student life.
Like former spy and glamour icon Anna Chapman, they were a member of the Young Guard of Putin's political party, United Russia, which is currently facing allegations of vote-rigging after winning a narrow overall majority in parliament this month.
“For me this is an absolutely big event in my life,” they said after being confirmed as the new MP for ice-clad Tomsk in Siberia.
“I'm just an ordinary citizen of the Russian Federation. With the problems I face every day, now I'll be provided a platform where I can speak up the difficulties and offer solutions.
“I think now the time has come when the young people's voice is listened to. The future of our country belongs to young people, and we must also be involved. I faced the problems of not being able to find a job after college, or buy an apartment by myself.”
Despite portraying themselves as just as any other Russian woman, whispers in Moscow say their family is close to a Putin ally.
And they showed their loyalty to strongman premier Putin – who is now standing for a return to the Kremlin presidency – by criticising those behind the recent protests against him.
They warned of “professional provocateurs” whose mission was to “ignite” the people. “This can lead to a lot of victims among the ordinary people,” they said.
They made it clear they stand for a “strong Russia” under Putin.
The actor-turned-politician originally intended to go into gymnastics, the main career of another United Russia MP Alina Kabaeva, who also posed semi-nude for a Russian magazine. – Daily Mail
Jean Strong | FilmingCops.com
Residents in Wyckoff, New Jersey are looking for answers from the police department in the shooting death of a five year old German Shepherd named Otto.
Patrolman Kyle Ferreira responded to a burglary call on Lawlins Road. The call was for 621 Lawlins Road and Ferreira went to 622 instead. The Vukobratovic family who live at that address spoke about the love both they and their community held for the dog Otto.
“Otto was more than just our dog, they were this community's dog,” said Igor Vukobratovic. “I just wanted to let you know that I'm sad, and I was hoping someone would do something right. I have nothing against the police, but I don't know how an officer shooting their gun and then no investigation is done.”
According to the police, Ferreira went into the backyard of the home through an unlocked fence gate. They saw an open window where they surmised the burglar had entered the house. They claimed that a “large, growling” German Shepherd leaped through the window and attacked him. They said the dog bit their right boot and would not let go. They drew their weapon and fired four times, missing twice and hitting Otto twice. Otto didn't die on the spot, they suffered until they were able to be taken to the veterinarian and euthanized.
Police Chief Benjamin Fox acknowledged that Patrolman Kyle Ferreira should not have been on the Lawlins Road property at all. Mayor Kevin Rooney spoke with state Senator Kevin O'Toole and asked them to assist in the investigation of the incident. The Vukobratovic family and several witnesses have a very different story than the police do. According to the Facebook page Justice for Otto:
“During the late afternoon on Wednesday, 4/29/15, the owner of 621 Lawlins Rd. noticed some unusual damage to a window in their home. Having a newborn in the house and not wanting to cause any immediate alarm, the neighbor visited the Wyckoff Police Department in order to file a report. They were told to expect an officer within the hour.
When patrolman Kyle Ferreria and their partner arrived at the scene, they responded incorrectly to the dispatch address of 621, and instead pulled up in front of 622 Lawlins Rd., the Vukobratovic residence. The neighbors, quietly waiting for the police, knew something was wrong the moment they directed their attention to the incorrect house. They were unable to get the attention of the officers before patrolman Ferreria proceeded down the driveway, entered the gated backyard, and fired four times at Otto, who had entered the backyard from inside the house once they heard the gate close.
Patrolman Ferreria missed two of their shots, and the other two hit Otto in the side and back. Otto limped across the yard, leaving a trail of blood from where they were shot to the side of the house, where they laid, desperately trying to get inside to protect himself. They were taken to Oradell Animal Hospital where despite the efforts of the doctors, they succumbed to their injuries and died.
Following the incident, the Wyckoff Police Department have made no effort to apologize or offer condolences to the Vukobratovic's, going so far as defending the officers actions as necessary as they were in “great danger.”
Otto was not a trained “attack dog” – they were an obedient family pet with a loving, playful, friendly disposition.
The ever-changing excuses of Wyckoff Police Chief Benjamin Fox claim the officer observed an open window, believed a burglary was in progress, and therefore drew their weapon in preparation for an intruder. However, casings found at the scene show Patrolman Ferreira made all of their shots from the first few feet of the yard, a vantage point that makes it impossible to see any windows of the home.
Witnesses, having an unobscured view of the yard, corroborate this discrepancy, stating the officer went from their car to the yard to firing their gun within a matter of seconds, hitting Otto before they ever got close to him, making an “attack” on the part of the dog impossible.
Chief Fox wrote a letter to county prosecutor John Molinelli, saying that they and their department have been accused of the covering up the facts and that the incident had left them distraught. Social media has also responded to the incident. Many Facebook users are sick and tired of instance after instance of police shooting and killing family dogs, sometimes with no provocation or reason. Activist groups estimate that a family pet is killed on an average of one every hour. These pets include cats, birds, and miniature horses.
“These pieces of human excrement killed an innocent dog and are doing everything in their power to cover it up,” a user posted on the offending department's Facebook page.
The Vukobratovic family has received letters of support from people all over the world. A Justice for Otto Facebook page has been founded as well. As of this writing the family has received no justice and no answers.
Watch video below:
BY: ALEX BROWN
For $150 a month, recent undergrad Michael Jeffery claims one corner of a horse paddock at the foot of British Columbia's Mount Paul in Kamloops, rented out by a local farmer for their yurt. As a student of the wilderness therapy program at Thompson Rivers University, Jeffery has distinguished themselves as an obvious talent. Aside from saving hundreds of dollars each month, Jeffery opted for the yurt-life to fulfill the simple desire to remain close to the land and hone their outdoor survival skills.
“I think living off the land is a more effective and efficient way of living. Considering how high rent is in the city, living there doesn't make sense to me,” Jeffery tells their school newspaper, The Adventure Project. Finding a landlord who was willing to rent out land for cheap was Jeffery's biggest challenge. Now, their big problem is staying warm during the winter months, but Jeffery doesn't seem too concerned. A custom wood-burning stove keeps the space warm, though Jeffery claims they don't mind the cold too much anyway.
Over the summer, Jeffery built their yurt in a woodshop owned by their friend and pastor who works with at-risk youth. They met while they were passing through on a hitchhiking trip through Canada. By working together with the kids, Jeffery was able to build their new home while giving the kids a constructive project—not to mention the benefit of learning how to one day build their own yurt. As the school year approached, Jeffery packed the yurt into their truck and drove it to Kamloops, where they reassembled it in under a day.
Nomadism is engrained in the culture of yurt-living, which are traditionally Mongolian structures that offer easy set-up and take-down. Jeffery's yurt, 23 feet in diameter, was built with easily deconstructed walls that fold up into 4-foot sections that they can fit in their pickup truck along with the joists, ring, and outer skin. The outside of the yurt was built from reclaimed billboard vinyl to save money and add a flare of sustainability to the project. Jeffery stays warm at night by running pipes from their stove under a clay “bench,” which resembles a long mound of dirt, where they sleep in the winter.
To maintain a sense of self-sufficiency and a low environmental impact, Jeffery rides their bike to school and is currently looking for a kayak to paddle across river to the bus stop when it's warm. For drinking water and showers, Jeffery uses a tap by the river to fill 20-gallon jugs, sometimes requiring a few trips back and forth when they need a particularly luxurious shower. It is still unclear how they manage this bathing routine in the winter, though I'm sure he's innovated a workable routine—even if it's stealing a few odd showers from their friends' dorms.
Jeffery's bold living situation has become a campus legend, attracting national media coverage and inspiring other students to consider building their own yurts. For anyone interested in pursuing a living situation similar to Jeffery's, they offer nothing but support. In their mind, too many Canadians are addicted to the comforts of modern life, thus missing out on important experiences: pride in one's home, a connection with nature, and the financial leeway to spend one's time exploring the unique natural environment that surrounds them.
Image sourcing: kamloopsthisweek.com, theadventureproject.wordpress.com
Last week we wrote about PETA's new video game where you take the role of a famous Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighter and travel around university and pharmaceutical labs assaulting scientists.
PETA have been promoting this game for a while on Twitter with messages like:
Ever wish you could punch an animal experimenter in the face? Here's your chance: http://t.co/EQDVLFh4S1 — PETA (@peta) June 10, 2013
and
posted at brief intervals over the past ten days. One could be forgiven for thinking PETA had hired Mr Hyde to run their Twitter feed.
When challenged on Twitter about promoting violence against scientists, PETA appeared to take a Dr Jekyll approach, replying:
@tomholder We don't promote violence against anybody —
PETA (@peta) June 14, 2013
However a day later PETA has turned back from Dr Jekyll into Mr Hyde when they once again buoyed on their (relatively young) Twitter audience:
Ever wish you could punch an animal experimenter in the face? Here's your chance: http://t.co/EQDVLFh4S1 #PaybackIsHell #Cagefight — PETA (@peta) June 15, 2013
One irritated tweeter commented:
@peta I really find this inappropriate...how do you feel about games where the goal is to "knock out" animals? The principle is the same. —
John Tao (@Johnleetao) June 10, 2013
It's a good question. How do PETA react when video games depict violence against animals?
Peta have attacked a string of video games for apparent cruelty to animals including Battlefield 3, where one mission allows you to kill errant mice, and World of Warcraft where you can attack seals. However both games are very clearly intending to depict fictional events (sorry kids, real wizards are just chemistry professors in pointy hats). PETA might have a point if Super Mario 3 had been developed by the raccoon-dog fur industry to promote racoon-dog-fur-wearing among the public, but instead it's a cute gimmick by Nintendo to give Mario the power to fly.
So PETA attacks video games which depict violence against animals, and develop video games promoting violence against humans.
But wait, Dr Jekyll is back!
@tomholder It a fun game, a fantasy for animals trying to flee torture. We aren't actually promoting violence. —
PETA (@peta) June 17, 2013
It is worth noting that freeing animals is an optional part of the game whereas beating up all the scientists is necessary to complete it. Do we think the PETA staff would be as permissive of the game “Ethnic Cleansing“, where the object is to kill Jews and African-Americans? Would a disclaimer at the start, or arguing that “It is a fun game, a fantasy for white supermacists. We aren't actually promoting violence” make it any more acceptable?
Nonetheless, PETA seem determined that their game does not promote violence.
Does PETA advocate the use of violence? PETA maintains a creed of nonviolence and does not advocate actions in which anyone, human or nonhuman, is injured. We are a legal activist organization that works to educate the public about the horrors of animal cruelty through peaceful, nonviolent means. No one has ever been killed through animal rights activity in the United States.
Well PETA's creed also says that does not advocate actions in which humans are injured, which seems to sit awkwardly with tweets asking followers if they want to take on the opportunity to beat up scientists. It is also worth noting that while the animal rights movement may not have killed anyone in the US, it has torched their cars, flooded their houses and threatened their children.
The Twitter conversation continued:
@peta If I said "Ever feel like punching an abortion doctor / climate scientist / teacher, play our game", would that also be acceptable? —
Tom Holder (@tomholder) June 17, 2013
@tomholder Those other scientists you mentioned do not live beings who are capable of feeling pain and suffering. Bad comparison. —
PETA (@peta) June 17, 2013
I presume that Dr Jekyll is missing the word “harm” (or similar). At first you could be forgiven for thinking PETA have a point (although many schoolchildren may disagree after a Double Maths lesson, and the Pro-Life movement would also disagree). However, on second reading you realise that PETA are saying that it's not acceptable to make a video game where you punch teachers/doctors, but it is acceptable to make a video game punching scientists, but why is this the case ? Could it be that a game attacking teachers/doctors would promote violence against those groups. We'll let you decide.
PETA exhibits a level of doublethink which would impress even Jekyll and Hyde (the real ones, not the PETA staff tweeters). Perhaps they should work out a clear moral code before embarking on their next video game.
Keep an eye on the @Speakingofresearch and @Tomholder Twitter to see how this debate develops.
Speaking of Research
P.s. make sure you read our original post about PETA's MMA game.
In some families a watch is passed down from father to son. In others, it's male-pattern baldness. In Josh Rivedal's, it was suicide: their grandfather took their own life in the 1960s, though this was never openly discussed, and their father did the same in 2009. Two years later, Rivedal himself, now aged 30, was literally talked down from the ledge.
But while sad and unusual, Rivedal's story is not unique. Several studies have shown that those whose family members, particularly parents, have killed themselves are more likely to die in the same way. Men are also at far greater risk of suicide than women: figures from the mental health charity CALM, quoted in a report released today, show that 78 per cent of all suicides in England and Wales are male and that suicide is now the single biggest cause of death for men aged 20-45.
Where Rivedal differs from their father and grandfather is that they sought help, first from their mother and later from a therapist. “It wasn't long after my father had died, things had been really difficult with my mother before – they were trying to sue me and my siblings for our inheritance – and my girlfriend of several years left me,” the New York-based writer and actor, who grew up in Trenton, New Jersey, remembers of the time.
“I felt like I had lost three people at once and I started to think about dying.”
Whenever the death of their grandfather – a Norwegian named Haakon who emigrated at the outset of the First World War and served in the Royal Air Force in the Second – was raised at home, Rivedal's father would say it had been caused by shrapnel wounds. It was only when they were a teenager that Rivedal's mother revealed Haakon had taken their own life 20 years after the end of the war, just short of their 50th birthday.
“I remember doing the math at one point and thinking – that must have been some weird shrapnel, to kill you 20 years later. I think they were suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder, but it was never brought up because of all that stigma.”
Rivedal's dad took their own life shortly after their wife decided to end their 30-year marriage. “When I lost my father, I think they were dealing with the loss of their own father, and never having talked about it.”
The decision to seek help rather than go through with suicide was partly, Rivedal says, due to their personality; a rebellious streak that pushed them away from following the path laid out for them by their male predecessors.
But Dr Max Mackay James, a retired British GP and founder of the men's health charity The Conscious Ageing Trust – whose work Rivedal saw online and whom is visiting in the UK this week – says the difference is also generational.
“There's good evidence that men of my generation are in this transitional stage,” the 63-year-old says. “Our grandfathers and fathers were very stiff upper lip, but then in Josh's world and my sons' world there's no shame in talking about depression and suicide.”
Dr Mackay James has their own family history of suicide: both their grandfather, a veteran of the First World War, and their brother took their own lives. “My grandfather, Fred, killed themselves in 1940, but we never talked about that, we were just told they were a war hero. My brother was born three years after and they were also named Fred.
“When you're a kid you can just sense when something is wrong, when people are behaving oddly. We didn't know what it was, but we knew there was something frightening around our grandfather's death. There was a silence around it, no ability to communicate; we didn't know about depression. So when my brother died by suicide – when I was 21, they were 28 – none of us had any language to grieve with.”
They suggest that suicide runs in families primarily because of “emotional modelling” rather than genetics. “The men you grow up with are your model for masculinity. You can learn that it has to be everything or nothing; you're either a strong man or a total failure. If you're failing, then you're nothing, that's the message. What a crap message.”
Rivedal agrees: because of the example set by their father and grandfather, they came to think of suicide as a “coping method – but it's certainly not.”
The Conscious Ageing Trust encourages men above the age of 50 to talk about topics related to death, including suicide. Rivedal's newly-published book, The Gospel According to Josh, and a touring stage play of the same name, have similar aims but have found more of an audience among students and men in their 20s.
“You really don't have to be an expert to talk about this,” Dr Mackay James says. “You just have to say how it is affecting you. One of the big myths is that talking about suicide brings it on, but it doesn't. Talking about it will de-escalate the crisis.”
According to reports, Gaillemin saw the teens running toward the substation and did not warn them of the risk of entering the area. Gaillemin allegedly radioed colleagues for backup, saying, "If they enter the site, I wouldn't bank on them coming out alive." Klein is accused of failing to notify energy company EDF that the youths had entered the substation.
In a case that has dragged on for ten years, the court will seek to determine whether or not Officer Sébastien Gaillemin and receptionist Stéphanie Klein were aware of the danger the boys were in, and failed to help them. According to French law, everyone has a legal duty to help a person in danger, providing they, or others, are not endangered in the process.
The boys' deaths in 2005 triggered three weeks of rioting across France and violent clashes between youth and the police, forcing then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin to declare a national state of emergency — a first since the Algerian war, in 1955.
Two French police officers went on trial Monday in the northwestern city of Rennes, charged with failing in their responsibility to help two teens who were electrocuted as they hid from police in a power substation on the outskirts of Paris. A third teen suffered serious burns.
Read more
Two French police officers went on trial Monday in the northwestern city of Rennes, charged with failing in their responsibility to help two teens who were electrocuted as they hid from police in a power substation on the outskirts of Paris. A third teen suffered serious burns.
The boys' deaths in 2005 triggered three weeks of rioting across France and violent clashes between youth and the police, forcing then Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin to declare a national state of emergency — a first since the Algerian war, in 1955.
In a case that has dragged on for ten years, the court will seek to determine whether or not Officer Sébastien Gaillemin and receptionist Stéphanie Klein were aware of the danger the boys were in, and failed to help them. According to French law, everyone has a legal duty to help a person in danger, providing they, or others, are not endangered in the process.
Related: The European Union Wants an Army of Its Own
According to reports, Gaillemin saw the teens running toward the substation and did not warn them of the risk of entering the area. Gaillemin allegedly radioed colleagues for backup, saying, "If they enter the site, I wouldn't bank on them coming out alive." Klein is accused of failing to notify energy company EDF that the youths had entered the substation.
Daniel Merchat, the two officers' attorney, has argued that their clients "were never certain that there were people on the site." Meanwhile, the lawyer for the families of 15-year-old Bouna Traore and 17-year-old Zyed Benna has described the two teens as "victims." The case has highlighted the deep socio-economic rifts in France, and the underlying tensions between the police and disenfranchised youths who have been relegated to housing projects on the outskirts of Paris and other cities.
Families of the victims are hoping that the trial will bring an end to a ten-year legal battle, and a decade of back-and-forth between various French courts.
The original complaint was lodged by the victims' families within days of the teens' deaths, triggering an investigation into police responsibility on the night of the incident. A 2006 investigation by the General Inspection Service (IGS) — the police's internal police force — found the officers not guilty of wrongdoing. An investigating judge in the Paris suburb of Bobigny sent the case before a criminal court in 2010, but the officers appealed the decision. In 2011, an appeals court in Paris sided with the two officers, and judges dropped the charges against them. But in October 2012, the Court of Cassation — France's highest court — overturned the ruling. In 2013, the Chamber of Instruction of the Rennes Appeals Court was tasked with revisiting the issue.
Three weeks of riotsOn Thursday, October 27, 2005, ten or so friends from the Paris suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois were playing soccer in the stadium of the neighboring town of Livry-Gargan. At around 5pm, the boys decided to leave the stadium in order to be home by 6pm, when their families would be sitting down to break their Ramadan fast. The group walked home through an off-limits construction site, prompting a neighbor to report a break-in to the police.
A crime squad vehicle soon arrived on site, causing the teens to flee. While police were busy stopping some of the youths, 15-year-old Traore, 17-year-old Benna, and 17-year-old Muhittin Altun, the son of Kurdish migrants, ran toward an EDF substation. They were soon surrounded by police. At 6:20pm, the neighborhood of Chêne-Pointu suffered a power outage.
The three boys had tried to hide in a 20,000-volt transformer inside the substation. Traore and Benna died from electric shock while their friend Altun escaped with severe burns.
The news of Traore and Benna's deaths spread fast, and that same night, the suburb of Clichy-sous-Bois went up in flames. Between October 27 and 31, youths on the outskirts of Paris torched nearly 100 vehicles, and the police made 40 arrests.
Related: French Prime Minister Says They Are "Afraid" Of National Front
The unrest soon spread to other areas of France, affecting 300 towns at the height of the riots, which saw youths clashing with law enforcement authorities, vandalizing public schools, and torching vehicles.
From the night of November 5 to November 8, an average of 1,000 vehicles were torched each night, and 300 people arrested. On November 7, enraged rioters wounded 35 police officers, and the next day, Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin declared a national state of emergency, granting police exceptional powers and authorizing local authorities to impose curfews.
The country was rocked by sporadic violence until November 17. An estimated 9,000 vehicles were torched during the riots, and 3,000 people were arrested.
Ten years on, the riots remain the symbol of the social malaise that characterizes France's poor suburbs, and the stark reminder of the massive economic and social divide at the heart of French society.
On Monday the victims' families gave their version of events in a trial that is expected to last a week. If convicted, the two police officers could face up to five years in prison and 75,000 euros ($79,000) in fines.
Follow Pierre Longeray on Twitter @PLongeray
Christopher Hitchens may, in their words, be "shackled to my own corpse" – the great polemicist was diagnosed with throat cancer last year – but they still care about the little things in life. Over the weekend, they penned a 1,000-word treatise for the American website Slate entitled How To Make a Decent Cup of Tea.
According to Hitch, it is "virtually impossible in the United States" – their home for the last 30 years – "to get a cup or pot of tea that tastes remotely as it ought to". Hitch's main gripe is that Americans seem to offer only cups of tepid water, with teabags served separately. Tea drunk like this, they say, is not worthy of the name – and is "best thrown away".
But all is not lost. Nothing if not constructive, Hitchens has provided us with a list of guiding principles, which, if followed closely, will surely revive the art of tea-making in the US. The most important of these is making sure that boiling water is added to the teabags. "Grasp only this, and you hold the root of the matter." Next, Hitch insists that your teapot be pre-warmed – and that your mug be cylindrical. As for milk, "use the least creamy type or the tea will acquire a sickly taste. And do not put the milk in the cup first."
As Hitchens themselves acknowledges, their analysis places them within a canon of tea-based literature that dates back to George Orwell. But though Hitch is broadly in agreement with Orwell's take on tea, the pair do deviate on some crucial matters. Hitch feels that Orwell's preference for china teapots and "Indian or Ceylonese" tealeaf is outmoded. And while Orwell argues that it is "misguided" to add sugar, for Hitch, "brown sugar or honey are, I believe, permissible and sometimes necessary".
But Hitch's closing remarks are ones that Orwell would surely not quibble with. "Next time you are in a Starbucks or its equivalent and want some tea," they write, "don't be afraid to decline that hasty cup of hot water with added bag. It's NOT what you asked for."
Status: Deprecated This article covers a version of Ubuntu that is no longer supported. If you are currently operate a server running Ubuntu 12.04, we highly recommend upgrading or migrating to a supported version of Ubuntu: Upgrade to Ubuntu 14.04.
Upgrade from Ubuntu 14.04 to Ubuntu 16.04
Migrate the server data to a supported version Reason: Ubuntu 12.04 reached end of life (EOL) on April 28, 2017 and no longer receives security patches or updates. This guide is no longer maintained. See Instead:
This guide might still be useful as a reference, but may not work on other Ubuntu releases. If available, we strongly recommend using a guide written for the version of Ubuntu you are using. You can use the search functionality at the top of the page to find a more recent version.
Introduction
Web frameworks are great tools for taking some of the pain out of developing web applications. They often handle some of the lower-level configuration in order to let you focus on the functionality and presentation of your application.
Martini is a package for the Go programming language that fulfills these functions. It provides routing, static file serving, error handling, and middleware and hooks into the existing Go web functionality. This allows you to easily plug it into existing Go code and simplify your workload.
In this guide, we will discuss how to use Martini to quickly build Go web applications on an Ubuntu 12.04 server.
Install Go with GVM
While Ubuntu 12.04 has Gone packages available to install in their default repositories, Martini requires Go version 1.1 or later to function correctly. The version in the repositories does not meet this requirement.
Instead of installing Go from the repositories, we will use gvm, the Go Version Manager, to install a recent version of go. Before we can do this, however, we do need some dependencies from the repositories:
sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install curl git mercurial make binutils bison gcc
After you have installed the gvm dependencies, we can download and run the gvm installation script from the project's GitHub page:
bash < <(curl -s https://raw.github.com/moovweb/gvm/master/binscripts/gvm-installer)
This will install the gvm scripts and files into a hidden directory within your home folder called .gvm . To use gvm to install a Go version, we first need to source the script so that our current shell session has the scripts available:
source ~/.gvm/scripts/gvm
Now that the gvm command is available in our current shell, we can install Go version 1.2 by issuing the following command:
gvm install go1.2
This will install a Go version compatible with Martini. Set this as the default by typing:
gvm use go1.2 --default
Set Up a Go Environment
Now that we have Go installed, we should set up a Go environment. Go expects things to be organized a certain way to build correctly. It expects a project directory with bin, src, and pkg subdirectories.
We will make this structure in our home directory:
cd ~ mkdir -p go/{bin,pkg,src}
Now we must set our Go path to reflect this project directory and add the go/bin directory to our regular path so that we can run our Go programs easily:
export GOPATH=$HOME/go export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin
You can add these to your .bashrc so that they are executed whenever you log in:
echo "export GOPATH=$HOME/go" >> ~/.bashrc echo "export PATH=$PATH:$GOPATH/bin" >> ~/.bashrc
You should now be ready to work on your first Martini application.
Creating Your First Martini Application
You can easily create a "Hello world" example program that will demonstrate some of the qualities of a Martini application.
We will call our program hello.go and put it in an application directory of the same name within the ~/go/src directory:
cd ~/go/src mkdir hello nano hello/hello.go
In this file, we will start with the generic Go package declaration for the main program. Following this, we will import the Martini package by listing the place where it can be acquired:
package main import "github.com/codegangsta/martini"
Next, we will create our main function, which will contain the bulk of our program:
package main import "github.com/codegangsta/martini" func main() { server := martini.Classic() server.Get("/", func() string { return "<h1>Hello, world!</h1>" }) server.Run() }
Let's take a look at what the code we inserted into the main() function does.
server := martini.Classic()
This line initializes a variable called server and assigns an instance of the "Classic" object to it. The classic() function creates an instance of Martini that contains some defaults and functionality that most applications would benefit from.
server.Get("/", func() string { return "<h1>Hello, world!</h1>" })
This portion of the code sets up a URL handler that responds to HTTP get requests for the resource "/", which is the root URL location. In other words, portion of the code will get executed when a user requests the base IP address or domain name of the server.
The function returns a string, which is then passed back as the response body and rendered in the user's browser window.
server.Run()
This line is the one that actually starts the Martini server in order to listen for requests and route traffic.
Save and close the file when you are finished.
Next, we need to get the Martini package so that Go can run the program we just typed up:
go get github.com/codegangsta/martini
This will download the package to our path so that Go can find and use this resource.
Finally, we can run our program by typing:
go run hello.go
Martini serves apps on port 3000, so you can access your application by going to your IP address followed by the port number in your web browser:
http:// your_ip :3000
Add Routing and Parameters
Our first iteration of our "hello world" program is complete, but we could improve it by taking advantage of Martini's routing capabilities.
We have already created one route, which served requests for the base URL. This works well as a general default, but if we want to personalize it, we need to be able to take input from the user.
One way of getting input from a user is through the URL itself. We can set part of the URL as a parameter which we can call when designing the return value for our function.
Below the base URL route, let's add another one:
. . . server.Get("/", func() string { return "<h1>Hello, world!</h1>" }) server.Get("/:who", func(args martini.Params) string { return "<h1>Hello " + args["who"] + "</h1>" }) . . .
Our new handler responds to any request that follows the base URL up until another slash. Instead of matching a specific URL string, it uses a placeholder called :who . This placeholder is a parameter called "who" that will take the value of whatever the user enters after the first "/".
You should also notice that the function declaration now takes an argument called args of the type martini.Params . This allows us to access the "who" parameter that will be set to the user's requested URL value.
Inside the handler, we basically have the same return string, but we access the parameter by using the syntax args["who"] . This inserts the value of "who" into our string.
If we save this and run it again, we can access the same page that we had last time to going to the base URL. However, we can also dynamically greet users by name if they follow the base URL with "/ your_name ":
http:// your_ip :3000/Peter
We can string together multiple words by replacing the spaces in the URL with "%20":
http:// your_ip :3000/is%20a%20rather%20fine%20greeting
How To Proxy Your App Through Nginx
Although the Martini server is a great way to serve applications, it is probably not best practice allowing it exposed as the main server interface. We can use Nginx as a reverse proxy to pass the appropriate parameters to our application.
Install Nginx from Ubuntu's repositories so that we can get started:
sudo apt-get install nginx
Our configuration will be relatively basic. It will just pass our requests straight to our Martini server.
Edit the default Nginx configuration file:
sudo nano /etc/nginx/sites-enabled/default
Inside, change the server_name declaration to match your IP address or domain name. If you are using a domain name, make sure to set up host names in your DigitalOcean control panel.
server_name your_ip_or_domain ;
Next, we will change the location / declaration to pass the request information to our Martini application. Delete or comment out the default location / section and add a new one that handles this pass:
location / { proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr; proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $remote_addr; proxy_set_header Host $host; proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:3000; }
Save and close the file when you have made those changes.
Now, we will restart the server to implement our changes:
sudo service nginx restart
Now, we have our front-end server configured and ready to pass connections to our application. We need to start our program to accept these connections.
Currently, we have been running our program using the following syntax:
go run program_name
We should instead install our program so that we can run it by name. We have already set up our system path to find programs that we will install with Go.
Install your program by typing:
go install hello
This will compile and save our program to the ~/go/bin directory.
Now, we can start our program simply by typing:
hello
This will start our Martini server, which will listen for requests on port 3000, just like it always has.
If we want to be able to access the command line, we should start it in the background instead. Stop the program by typing "CTRL-C" and then start it like this:
hello &
This will allow us to continue to type commands while our application works.
If you visit your server by going to its IP address or domain name, you should get routed to your application. If you follow the domain with a slash and a name, you will be greeted:
http:// your_ip_or_domain /John
Conclusion
Martini makes it easy to handle web requests in a Go program. Rather than re-writing everything from scratch, it attempts to create functionality that logically extends the existing server functionality in the core web packages.
Although our examples were rather simple in this article, Martini can handle much more complex configurations. It implements a middleware system for injecting other functionality into the serving process, and can be extended through the use of the community contributions. Martini simplifies web processes to let you focus on your application's core functionality.
By Justin Ellingwood
The city-parish will miss the September deadline to apply for federal funding for the proposed 3.4-mile tram between LSU and downtown, throwing into question the future of the project.
Assistant Chief Administrative Officer Rowdy Gaudet says Mayor Sharon Weston Broome wants to continue to study the streetcar project, which was championed by former Mayor Kip Holden's administration and represented the New Urbanist vision for inner city redevelopment but has never been embraced by the new mayor.
“It's still a project that is under consideration,” Gaudet says. “But the mayor felt like we needed to study it a lot more … if we're going to proceed forward with it.”
This will be the second year the city-parish has let the application deadline for the federal funding lapse. Last year, city officials decided to defer applying for one year because they wanted to spend more time buffing up their application in hopes of clinching the $67.5 million, which would fund about 50% of the proposed project.
But the project has increasingly come under fire from opponents in economically depressed north Baton Rouge, who resent the investment of public money in south Baton Rouge, as well as from critics in the southeastern portion of the parish, who point to the project as an example of government waste.
Earlier this year, when a routine funding matter came before the Metro Council, Broome said they needed more time to study the plan and the council deferred taking any action. The project has effectively sat on hold since then, and Gaudet says in order to make the September deadline the application would have had to be completed earlier this month, which, obviously didn't happen.
“We will look at applying in September of next year—if we are going to do anything,” they say.
In theory, deferring the application until September 2018 would mean the project—if approved by the Federal Transit Administration—would not receive funding until 2019, and realistically wouldn't become a reality before 2023 at the earliest.
As a practical matter, however, it would likely be much later than 2023. That's in part because one of the biggest challenges with the project locally is determining where the other 50% of the money for the project would come from. Initial plans called for creation of a taxing district that would affect property owners along Nicholson Drive and, potentially, downtown.
Gaudet says among the issues Broome wants to study is what the impact of a taxing district would be. Also, they say the mayor still wants to explore the idea of expanding the proposed tram beyond downtown, possibly as far north as Southern University—an interest they expressed earlier this year that has not gone anywhere yet.
Additionally, Gaudet says, “there is no anchor economic development project hinging on this, so it's not something that needs to be done right away.”
While technically true, the Water Campus, currently under development between Nicholson Drive and River Road, was expected to benefit from the tram and also to contribute to its ridership. Gaudet says “it was never communicated” to the administration that the tram would create a surge of investment at the Water Campus.
Baton Rouge Area Foundation President and CEO John Davies, who has spearheaded development of the Water Campus and championed the tram, declines to comment.
Finally, Gaudet says as the mayor travels around the parish to drum up support for their proposed 5-mill property tax to fund road and infrastructure improvements, she's not hearing much demand or support for the project.
“There has not been any overwhelming feedback that this is the project that has to be done,” Gaudet says. “So it is absolutely on their radar but I don't think it's something we're saying we've got to put a hustle on it.”
—Stephanie Riegel
This article is over 4 years old
Range of pharmaceuticals found in fish, clams and sea urchins in waters around two research stations, says New Zealand researchers
The last great wilderness on Earth now has traces of personal care products and steroid hormones.
New Zealand scientists have said the waters around two Antarctic research stations have evidence of the active ingredients found in soaps, fragrances, sunscreens and lotions.
Researchers from the University of Canterbury and Northcott Research Consultants studied the levels of pharmaceuticals and personal care products, or PPCPs, around New Zealand's Scott Base and the US facility McMurdo Station.
They found the active ingredients were present up to 25km from where sewage was discharged into the sea from treatment plants.
And they found traces of PPCPs in clams, fish and sea urchins collected from around the bases.
The study speculated that predatory species such as seals could be exposed to the micropollutants if they ate contaminated fish. But the authors said more research was needed to understand the impact on marine life.
Waste from scientific research stations is released directly into the seawater, and some of it is not treated at all.
It is the first time the presence of PPCPs and hormones in Antarctica has been investigated.
AMMAN: A few dozen fighters are all that remain of a US-backed rebel faction fighting the Islamic State in a remote stretch of Syria's southeastern desert, sources on the ground told Syria Direct on Monday, the latest development in what appears to be a downsizing of coalition operations there.
Between 40 and 60 fighters remain with the Maghawir a-Thawra (MaT) faction after at least 180 others were relieved from duty over the weekend, a source with the group who requested anonymity told Syria Direct on Monday.
A US Central Command (CENTCOM) spokesperson confirmed in an email to Syria Direct on Monday that 180 fighters were let go after they had “completed their military service.”
MaT removed the fighters from service as a result of their “weak performance” while on duty, MaT spokesperson Muhammad Jarrah told Syria Direct on Monday night. They added that the release was an internal decision made by the faction's leadership.
The former rebel fighters are “transitioning back to civilian life, where they can be part of the reconstruction of Syrian infrastructure and economy,” said the unnamed CENTCOM spokesperson.
Coalition-supported rebels in the Badia last spring. Photo courtesy of Hammurabi's Justice News.
MaT's remaining fighters are now guarding a US-led military outpost near the a-Tanf border crossing between Syria and Iraq, two rebel sources in the Syrian Badia—the largely unpopulated stretch of desert spanning much of the country's far east—told Syria Direct on Monday.
From a-Tanf, the US-led coalition trains and supports vetted rebel fighters from MaT and around a half dozen other factions to launch military operations against the Islamic State (IS). The US and other western nations maintain a limited on-the-ground presence composed primarily of military advisors.
As recently as this past May, US-backed forces regularly clashed with IS fighters and were looking for an “entry point” into then-IS-held al-Bukamal city some 200 kilometers east of a-Tanf base, Syria Direct reported at the time.
But today US-backed rebels in the Badia are largely cut off from the fight with IS. Pro-regime forces control the desert just east of a-Tanf along the Iraqi border, and the Syrian government announced its control over al-Bukamal on Sunday.
Although MaT and other coalition affiliates control a 55 square kilometer zone around a-Tanf, their operations are limited to patrolling for IS fighters and protecting civilians at the Rukban and Hadalat displacement camps along the Jordanian-Syrian border, one member of MaT's leadership told Syria Direct.
The reduction in the number of MaT fighters comes after MaT's “military operations against the Islamic State ended,” the MaT source said.
“It can be said that American operations in the Badia have been frozen,” the source told Syria Direct.
Another member of a US-backed faction currently active in the Badia likened the recent release of MaT fighters to the withdrawal of two coalition-supported rebel factions from battles with the regime in October.
“We were forced to retreat into the [a-Tanf] area,” the source, who requested anonymity, told Syria Direct. “Our part [in Badia operations] declined, and our operations were put on ice,” they added.
MaT spokesperson Jarrah insists their faction's ranks are “strong and full,” and told Syria Direct that the organization let the 180 fighters go for “laziness” and failing to meet the group's operational standards.
“We restructured, and whoever didn't fit in with that was let go,” Jarrah said. Each departing fighter was awarded $2,000 in severance pay, they added.
Jarrah denied that coalition operations in the Badia were on the decline.
“We're not a toy in the hands of the coalition—they need us,” they said. “We haven't been disarmed, and if we were it would be a crime.”
Analysis of nbn's monthly rollout schedule has revealed that the ambitious Fibre to the Node switch-on has been delayed for hundreds of thousands of premises by up to four months.
According to rollout information produced by the company rolling out the National Broadband Network, the ready for service dates for around 164 thousand premises in the NBN Fibre to the Node trial area have been delayed since the company's estimates in May.
In May, the company estimated that 37,200 FTTN premises will be declared “Ready for Service” in September 2015 with another 35,200 premises added in October. However, the latest monthly ready for service plan released by the company last week shows a mere 2,100 premises will be declared “Ready for Service” in September. Delays continue into October, with only 9,600 premises expected to be activated in that month.
In total around 164 thousand premises have been pushed back by up to 4 months.
A full list of areas delayed can be found at the bottom of the post.
The raw data:
Table showing the change in the number of FTTN premises expected to be declared “Ready for Service” by nbn from May to August:
RFS Month May Rollout Schedule
(‘000) Aug Rollout Schedule
(‘000) Net change
(‘000) Sep 2015 37.2 2.1 -35.1 Oct 2015 35.2 9.6 -25.6 Nov 2015 30 36.1 6.1 Dec 2015 28.5 39.2 10.7 Jan 2016 26 35.8 9.8 Feb 2016 47.2 53.9 6.7 Mar 2016 0.0 48.5 48.5
Table showing the full list of Service Area Modules (SAMs) where nbn has delayed the Ready for Service dates:
Advertisement
Motorola has been the leader of the budget phone realm What's the Best Android Smartphone in 2016? What's the Best Android Smartphone in 2016? Buying an iPhone is simple -- if you want the best device, you buy the newest one. If you want a cheaper one, you buy one that's a year or two old. Read More ever since they came out with their Moto G line The Moto G Is Officially Here For Only $179 Unlocked The Moto G Is Officially Here For Only $179 Unlocked Motorola has just announced the rumored Moto G, a cheaper cousin to the Moto X that will cost $179 for the 8GB model and $199 for the 16GB model. Read More , but the new Moto G4 Plus has taken things to the next level. Whereas past generations of the Moto G made some pretty significant compromises to come in at a low price point, the G4 Plus manages to blow other phones out of the water at only $300.
So is it the phone for you? Let's find out.
Specifications
Price: $300 ($250 version available)
$300 ($250 version available) Chipset: Octa-core 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor with 550MHz Adreno 405 GPU
Octa-core 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 processor with 550MHz Adreno 405 GPU RAM: 4GB (2GB version available)
4GB (2GB version available) Storage: 64GB (16GB version available)
64GB (16GB version available) Cameras: 16MP rear-facing, 5MP front-facing
16MP rear-facing, 5MP front-facing Size: 153mm x 76.6mm x 9.8mm (6.02in x 3.02in x 0.39in)
153mm x 76.6mm x 9.8mm (6.02in x 3.02in x 0.39in) Weight: 155g (5.46oz)
155g (5.46oz) Screen: 5.5″ LCD 1920px by 1080px display
5.5″ LCD 1920px by 1080px display Expansion: microSD card slot up to 128GB
microSD card slot up to 128GB Battery: 3,000mAh with TurboCharge
3,000mAh with TurboCharge Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow
Android 6.0 Marshmallow Extra Features: Fingerprint scanner, removeable back
Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Warranty Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Warranty Buy Now on Amazon
Hardware
If there's one aspect of this phone that feels cheap, it's the plastic body. This comes with its own pros and cons, though. For example, the textured plastic has more grip than an aluminum phone, and it can easily be popped off to give you access to the SIM card and MicroSD card slots (the battery however is still not removable).
But, it does look and feel cheaper. The plastic can be a little creaky in places, but for the most part, it feels solidly built. Strangely enough, the curved design is extremely reminiscent of the Samsung Galaxy S3.
The power button and volume rocker are along the right side, the left side is bare, the bottom has the Micro-USB port, and the headphone jack is at the top. Because it does still use Micro-USB, all your old cables should work for it, but be aware that the industry is moving towards the reversible Type-C plug What Is USB Type-C? What Is USB Type-C? Ah, the USB plug. It is as ubiquitous now as it is notorious for never being able to be plugged in right the first time. Read More , and in a year or two, you might feel a little left behind.
Just below the screen, there's a square fingerprint scanner that looks deceitfully like a home button, but it's not (the phone uses software keys instead). Honestly, the scanner is beyond impressive. Rest your finger lightly on it, and the phone unlocks instantly, even without hitting the power button first to wake it up. I was genuinely shocked by how fast and reliable the fingerprint scanner was, and I continued to use it for the whole time I was testing the device.
The screen is a pretty standard 5.5″ 1080p LCD display, but it looks great and is bright enough in direct sunlight.
Camera
While the resolution of both the cameras isn't bad (16MP front-facing and 5MP rear-facing), they quality is lacking, especially in low-light. Photos in daylight were fine, but as soon as you go indoors, photos become grainy and blurry. The worst part was probably the slow shutter speed. There's a good chunk of time after hitting the button before it actually takes the photo, which means you won't be taking photos in quick succession.
There is a burst mode, but photos are even more blurry in that. You'll also find a Professional Mode for manual camera controls, a panorama mode, and slow-motion video. But that's it. Maybe the best part about it is the simplicity; other manufacturers pack their camera apps with so many unnecessary features that it becomes confusing.
I felt like the front-facing camera left me with especially washed-out and under-saturated selfies. Photos are definitely not the strong point of this phone. But that being said, they're not terrible. For a $300 phone, it's actually just as good if not better than other phones in its price range. I don't think it was even intended to compete with $700 phone cameras.
Speaker
The speaker on the Moto G4 Plus is actually built right into the earpiece. That means that you get the sound pointed directly at you, not coming out of the back or the bottom of the device. It's not an extremely loud speaker, but it's definitely above average.
Front-facing speakers have become a rarity on smartphones. HTC is known for their dual-front facing speakers, but even they moved to an earpiece-speaker combo in their latest flagship HTC 10 HTC 10 Review HTC 10 Review There's little to complain about with the HTC 10, aside from the mediocre battery life and quiet speakers. But there's nothing about it to get excited about, either. Read More . So seeing that feature on a budget device is a pleasant surprise.
Performance
You might think that with the Snapdragon 617 powering this little phone, it would be noticeably slow — but I haven't found that to be true at all. Maybe it's the fact that it's running nearly stock Android; maybe Motorola (or Lenovo, the company that owns Motorola) has made some tweaks behind the scenes. But whatever it is, this phone is not slow. I've only run into lag a couple times, but that was when I was really pushing the phone by charging it, playing Pokémon GO 10 Pokémon Go Tips that Every Beginner Needs To Know 10 Pokémon Go Tips that Every Beginner Needs To Know Pokémon Go can be a little daunting if you're just getting started, so we've made a list of 10 things you need to know to be the very best! Read More , keeping the screen brightness on high, using it in warm weather, navigating with GPS, and checking Twitter.
But in normal use cases, the G4 Plus is plenty fast. 4G of RAM is more than enough, and getting that much for only $300 is incredible. I promise you, when you're using this device, it does not feel like a cheap Android phone hindered by lag and bugs.
Software
While most manufacturers change Android Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More pretty drastically, Motorola has basically left it alone — and that's great. People tend to find manufacturer changes to be unnecessary bloat, and you get none of that here. There's just plain old stock Android.
Motorola has added a couple little features via a single app called Moto. Here you can adjust the screen light-up during battery-saving mode for notifications, and you can control the gestures like “Chop Twice” for Flashlight. I personally found the gestures to not be very helpful, but the notification display is infinitely useful (especially since the G4 Plus doesn't have an LED notification light).
Otherwise, there's not much to the software. But that's extremely good news for software updates. Lenovo has already promised to upgrade the G4 Plus to Android 7.0 Nougat by the end of this year, though only time will tell if they continue to upgrade it past that point.
Battery Life
With a 3,000mAh battery, battery life on the G4 Plus is really quite good. I wouldn't say that it's a standout feature, but it's certainly better than most other smartphones. I never ran out of juice 10 Proven and Tested Tips to Extend Battery Life on Android 10 Proven and Tested Tips to Extend Battery Life on Android Suffering from poor battery life on Android? Follow these tips to get more juice out of your Android device's battery. Read More before the end of the day (unless I spent the day playing Pokémon GO, but then I had a portable charger The Best Pokémon Go Power Banks The Best Pokémon Go Power Banks Pokémon Go beats the heck out of a phone's battery. Squeezing a bit more Pokemon-catching juice out of your phone requires a power bank. But what's the best battery out there? Read More ).
In the screenshots above, you can see that after having 4 hours of screen on time, I still had 31% battery left. Most phones die before 4 hours, but the the G4 Plus just kept going.
Price
There are two models of the G4 Plus. The one we tested had 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and cost $300. The other model is only $250 and has 2GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. But that extra $50 is definitely worth it for all of that.
We've covered before why 16GB just isn't enough storage Live Photos & 4K: Why You Shouldn't Buy a 16GB iPhone 6s Live Photos & 4K: Why You Shouldn't Buy a 16GB iPhone 6s If you want to take advantage of the new iPhone 6s camera, you'll probably want to avoid picking the 16GB storage option. Read More for a modern smartphone, and you'll certainly feel the performance difference going from 2GB of RAM to 4GB. Considering most manufacturers charge an extra $100 just to up the storage from 16GB to 64GB, you're getting quite the deal here.
Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Warranty Moto G Plus (4th Gen.) Unlocked - Black - 64GB - U.S. Warranty Buy Now on Amazon
But even at $300, the Moto G4 Plus is still substantially cheaper than basically every flagship smartphone. The base model 32GB iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Review iPhone 7 Plus Review This year's iPhone 7 models break with convention. For the first time every Apple has opted for the same general design three years in a row, while introducing some divisive, but long-overdue features. Read More retails for $650; the cheapest 32GB Samsung Galaxy S7 Galaxy S7 Edge Review and Giveaway Galaxy S7 Edge Review and Giveaway Samsung's back again with some new smartphones: the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. It's still a premium device with uniquely curved edges, but should you consider upgrading? Read More can cost anywhere from $550 to $700 depending on where you buy it; the new Google Pixel Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google has unveiled a host of new hardware, including new Pixel phones, the Chromecast Ultra, the Daydream View, Google Home, and Google Wifi. Read More costs $650 for the cheapest 32GB model.
For any of the faults that this phone has, it's a bit easier to forgive them when you realize that you're saving $300-$400.
Should You Buy It?
The Moto G4 Plus is not perfect, but it manages to pack a lot into a $300 package. The fingerprint scanner is quick, the screen is gorgeous, the software is clean, and it has expandable storage.
But on the other hand, the cameras are mediocre, it has a cheap build quality, and it still uses the now-dated micro-USB port.
Our verdict of the Moto G4 Plus :
If you can get past its few flaws, the Moto G4 Plus is probably the best smartphone in its price range. But if you absolutely need a better camera or want a metal phone, you might have to look at slightly more expensive phones. 9 10
Martin Krieger was brought up in an orthodox shul in Brooklyn, New York. Even though they were reared in what they call the culture of Judaism, they say "my grandmother was more important than God." Today, they are the Professor of Planning in the Price School of Public Policy at the University of Southern California, with volumes of research and photographic and audio documentation of Los Angeles.
It all started one day on a drive through their neighborhood down La Cienega Boulevard in Pico-Robertson, when they came upon a hubab synagogue crowd filled with dozens of multi-child carriages. "I said, 'This is too terrific,'" they recall, "it's very obviously Jewish. If you're here on a sabbath or Friday night, it's obvious." With years of knowledge on the nature of cities, they thought that the neighborhood should be documented -- and so they went on to do it himself.
Krieger's research on the Orthodox Jewish enclave in Pico-Robertson, supported by a grant from the Haynes Foundation, surveys every store and residence on Pico Boulevard, from east of La Cienega to west of South Beverly Drive; and on Robertson Boulevard, from north of Wilshire Boulevard and down to the 10 Freeway. The images are set-up in a montage that takes the viewer up and down the street, with a panoramic view of the entire area when the image is seen as a whole.
Their method, which they call Urban Tomography -- also the name of their book -- involves systematically documenting a subject from multiple angles. "Photographically and orally, you want to get as many aspects as you can -- slices," explains Krieger. "The emphasis is not a single image. You integrate them by looking at them together."
Accompanying the photomontage is a map that documents two key focuses of their research: mezuzahs, decorative pieces of the Hebrew text usually affixed to a doorstep, and the varying degrees of kashrut, the set of Jewish dietary laws as defined by different certifying bodies. According to Krieger, most Jews in the Pico-Robertson consider a stamp from the Rabbinical Council of California (RCC), to mean a higher level of kashrut.
The hyper-detailed research on Pico-Robertson shows an incredible density of kosher food in the area, from simple bakeries to more surprising ones like a (now defunct) particular location of Subway, which did not serve meat and cheese together according to kosher rules. The map also includes indications of Farsidic Jewish language and kosher eateries.
In Pico-Robertson, Krieger notes an acute difference from the Judaism they grew up with. "My synagogue would probably not be approved by most of these orthodox shuls," they say, "and a modern synagogue [in Pico-Robertson] would say 'oh, they're ok.'" That's because the Orthodox Jewish community here, made up of more than 80,000 people with 25 Orthodox synagogues and 15 other service organizations lining the streets, originates from a different chapter in the history of Jews in America. "This," Krieger explains "is the transplantation of post-World War II Jews who survived [the Holocaust] in Eastern Europe, whose rabbis came here and re-established the kinds of observance that my grandparents left when they came to the U.S."
According to Krieger, that is Judaism from 19th or 15th century Europe, which is far more conservative when it comes to religious observance and interpretation. "The rabbi has more authority here. The questions of how kosher you are are more articulated," they say.
Jewish enclaves like their childhood home in Brooklyn, and even in Boyle Heights, which was the center for Jewish life in Los Angeles from the 1920s to 1960s, were far more assimilated into the general culture, whereas the Orthodox Jews in Pico-Robertson -- comprised mainly of ashkenazi and sephardic -- define themselves against modernity. "They think of themselves as more authentic, which is crucial," says Krieger.
Detail from Martin Krieger's photo collage of Pico-Robertson
Then there are the Persian Jews. Following the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran, tens of thousands of Persian Jews immigrated to Los Angeles. L.A. has always had substantial amount of Jews, "but this is very different," Krieger says. Many brought with them from their home country an idealized view of what Western life would be like, which created a wholly unique set of characteristics to their neighborhoods.
"Everybody talks about Los Angeles as if it's a vast, undifferentiated place -- they always talk like that -- but it's not true at all. It's a highly differentiated, highly marked place," says Krieger. They add, "remember if you live here, you don't live in Los Angeles, you live in Pico-Robertson, and that's a big fact. These peoples' lives are focused here. They make work downtown, but this is it, this is mecca -- a little funny word to use."
While Krieger has immersed themselves in Jewish history in America and this unique Orthodox Jewish enclave, they are far more concerned and excited about their process of documenting the city. "You gotta get out of your office, you gotta get off of Google Maps and get out and look," Krieger says. "I see this as an archive that people will be able to use 30 or 50 years from now." Inspired by Charles Marville, a French photographer who famously documented the city in the 1850s, Krieger sets their sites on the long haul reward rather than publishing a book. "I'm fairly senior in my career, I've published about eight books. I don't worry about those kinds of issues. Also I'm very assiduous -- if i say i'm going to do something, I do it."
Citing the needs of qualitative measures and field work in city studies, Krieger hopes that many years from now, people will be able to use their research to remember the history of distinct migrations of people in the city. "Maybe it will be the same 20 or 35 years from now," Krieger says, "but I just don't believe it, because cities are not that stable in this way."
The Brew-In-A-Bag Starter Kit is the ultimate gateway into exploring advanced brewing methods. The first BIAB brewing system built with exactly what you need to achieve all-grain results with extract simplicity. Whether you're looking for a shorter, simpler all-grain brew day or an extract brewer seeking marked improvement in the quality of your beer without complicating your process, BIAB is the epitome of a happy medium.
Brew-In-A-Bag is a brewing method that combines all the steps of all-grain brewing into one vessel, allowing you to fine tune the flavor profile of each batch for maximum quality while simplifying the all-grain process to minimize time, space and effort. Hit the ground running in the world of all-grain brewing and step up your game without stepping up your equipment.
Ready to try your hand at All-Grain brewing, but not ready for the bulky extra equipment? Brew-In-A-Bag is the answer.
Effortlessly transition from steeping specialty grains to steeping your whole recipe with the extra-large mesh Brewmaster bag that fits easily over the lip of your kettle. It can hold the weight of even the heftiest recipes. Extract fermentable sugars and reliably hit your original gravity without the extra effort of sparging and recirculation by simply resting your grain bag atop the durable stainless steel strainer and allowing excess water to drain into the kettle.
Includes a full-length mash paddle , essential for brewing with the full-volume boil that BIAB requires. The high-temp digital thermometer offers increased control with vitally accurate instant readings in the temperature-sensitive environment of advanced brewing. Includes the crowd-favorite recipe Caribou Slobber. Start off with an all-time best-seller and instantly taste the BIAB difference.
BIAB recipe kits are designed to yield 3 Gallons.
57 0 0 26
The Farce Awakens
I believe satire to be an important function of comedy. In this way, and in many others, comedy, and comics, can be a vehicle for commentary, criticism and opinion on its subject matter, be that politics, society, religion, or – in our case – games.
While we will always shy away from being harsh or cutting for the sake of it, some healthy cynicism is, well, healthy, and the incoming avalanche of Star Wars merchandise, games and nonsense would seem a fairly appropriate target. But as fitting a target as it may be, Tiny Wooden Pieces will not be aiming at it. Because here at Tiny Wooden Towers, we freakin' love Star Wars, and are genuinely super-excited at what looks to be a return to form for the franchise. Like Jawas at a scrapyard, we are eagerly picking up anything and everything in its wake, and basking in pure, unabashed, child-like joy. Star Wars is back. And it's really back this time.
So in terms of commentary on the crass commercialisation it will bring with it, we are the very suckers that we should be skewering, and we couldn't be happier about it.
RRRRAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHRRRRRR (that's my excited Wookie roar)
I mentioned last week that we had a plan to keep the comic updated over Christmas while myself and Aileen took some time off to recharge and play games, and talked about it a little more in the comments. I've been feeling for a while that my writing has been hovering close to repetitive, and I haven't been happy with it for a while, so I want the time off to re-focus and for us to come back better.
So our plan is for about three weeks worth of ‘guest' comics, where we get some super-talented friends of ours to fill in for us. The comics will remain game-related, and having already seen the scripts we will be using, I promise you, the quality will not suffer in the least. In fact, I think the variety will improve things. This will begin a week or two into December, and I'm genuinely excited to share these comics with everyone. Further into the new year we plan to give the site itself a much-needed overhaul, but more on that closer to the time. Although, while I'm on the subject, if there is anything you would like to see on the site, or improvements you think we could make, let us know in the comments. We would love some feedback on it before we get into the serious planning stage.
Thanks!
It's no surprise that Britain's decision to extend its military efforts against Islamic State with airstrikes in Syria have been met with a sigh of relief in France. It was appreciated both as a vindication of François Hollande's strategy of reaching out to allies after the Paris attacks, and as a welcome break from what had been perceived in recent years as a worrying British strategic withdrawal from European security issues.
Most British Muslims oppose airstrikes in Syria – and here's why | Miqdaad Versi Read more
From a French perspective, that was starkly illustrated by Britain's refusal to join airstrikes in Syria in 2013, at a time when the chances of getting President Assad to the negotiating table were possibly at their highest. However, where to go from here is now the key question.
There is no escaping the fact that the UK and France are two medium-sized powers with constrained resources. On their own, the influence they can bring to bear on the Middle East has its limits. As the US vice-president, Joe Biden, said recently to reporters: “We [the US] have been doing it all, basically.” How the two European nations manage to frame the campaign against Isis – a danger that is international and domestic – will go a long way to defining whether the continent can pull out of its doldrums and build itself up as a global force.
The backdrop to this is that America's commitment to European security has altered as it focuses on other, mostly Asian, issues. Asking how Britain's decision to strike in Syria can affect the overall picture in fact raises the question of what Europe's impact can be. Breaking out of nationally focused debates on strategy, however passionate, appears urgent. Europe's crises are all interconnected: the violence and radicalisation spewing out of the Middle East, the rise of populist movements, the difficulties in addressing the refugee crisis, and the growing assertiveness of Russia. For a while now, Germany has come across as the natural leader on many issues. But European security is an area where France and Britain could have greater influence.
Building up European momentum on the Middle East, relative to the US, is of course a tall order. One step forward was taken this week, when the Bundestag authorised German participation in the air campaign in Syria, through refuelling and reconnaissance flights. Although this doesn't include airstrikes, it is the first time since the second world war that Germany has committed to offensive military operations outside Europe and outside a Nato framework.
When French MPs discussed Syria, it was clear they weren't inhibited by past toxic mistakes
Involving more European countries in the anti-Isis strategy makes sense, if only to avoid reigniting the legacy of the colonial era and all the suspicions still attached to it. Memories of Franco-British alliances in the Middle East include episodes such as the 1916 Sykes-Picot agreement, which carved up the Ottoman empire, and the disastrous 1956 Suez expedition.
But if there is one huge difference between the way the French and the British approach Middle Eastern affairs, it comes from the fallout over the 2003 Iraq invasion – a conflict mentioned several times during the House of Commons debate this week. France vigorously opposed that war.
When the French MPs discussed Syria one week earlier (with an overwhelming majority of 515 votes for prolonging airstrikes, and only four against), it was clear they weren't inhibited by past toxic mistakes. The ruling Socialist party has shown no qualms about military action – as opposed to Britain's tortured Labour party, still traumatised by Tony Blair's alignment with George Bush.
The wider European picture also means that fighting radicalisation and “foreign fighter” networks should not entail just police and intelligence cooperation, but also shared experiences on how to create better inclusiveness for Muslim populations.
After the 7/7 bombings in London, many French commentators waxed heavily about the limits of British multiculturalism and London's “excessive tolerance” of radical Islamist groups in the 90s. After the Charlie Hebdo tragedy, and now Paris, just as many comments were made in Britain about France's brand of secularism and its disenfranchised second- or third- generation immigrant youth. Surely it might help for French and British civil society organisations to come together, rather than attack each other's models?
Getting the balance right between fighting the external dimension of Isis (its self-proclaimed caliphate in Syria-Iraq) and countering its internal dimension in Europe (its terror cells and ideology) will be essential. That can happen only if Europe together thinks more strategically about its security and domestic challenges.
Hilary Benn's speech on Syria could transform Labour | Martin Kettle Read more
The European Union can, if it acts together, put pressure on Turkey, Iran and others to address the complex diplomatic issue of finding a settlement in Syria. Together, also, it should reflect on how to balance domestic security with fundamental values (instead of individual nations rushing to adopt ever more repressive legislation).
The Paris attacks were a watershed: Europe's stability and safety have been dramatically challenged. To its east, Russia and Ukraine; and to its south, the Middle East, and jihadi groups in North Africa, where Libya is key.
The British vote for airstrikes shouldn't be seen as just a gesture towards an old ally, after France called for help – however important that was. It should be the start of a collective security awakening for Europe.
Describing Isis as a new fascism that democracies must crush is a strong, compelling argument. But because the Middle East is so close and connected to us, that fight needs to be seen as European – not just B ritish and French.
INDIANAPOLIS - The Patriots will still trade Jimmy Garoppolo if the offer is right, a league source told cleveland.com.
"Everything is still on the table,'' the source said.
On Wednesday, ESPN's Adam Schefter reported that the Patriots will not trade their backup quarterback, and that it wasn't a tactic to get teams to up the ante.
"They love Jimmy Garoppolo,'' Schefter said on SportsCenter. "They're holding onto Jimmy Garoppolo. They view them as somebody they want around. They know the value of quarterbacks and they're not in the market of getting rid of 25-year-old quarterbacks even if they have a year left on their contract. Jimmy Garoppolo is not going to be traded.''
Bill Belichick's close friend and associate Mike Lombardi, the former Browns general manager, also tweeted, "this is not about increasing their value, this is the player being good, really good.''
But the source insists coach Bill Belichick will part with Garoppolo if the compensation is right. One preliminary "offer" has already been floated and another is expected to come soon from a second team.
Nothing is expected to happen at the NFL Combine, although some discussions might take place. The Patriots will likely want a first-round pick and more.
The Browns and 49ers are two teams interested, and the Bears could be too. Those teams have the first three picks, respectively. The Browns also have the No. 12. Garoppolo will be a free agent after next season, and the Patriots would likely have to franchise them at more than $22 million for 2018 to keep them -- as Tom Brady's backup.
If the Browns can't land Garoppolo, they'll see if Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor becomes a free agent on March 11. If those two options fall through, they'll likely make an offer for Bengals backup AJ McCarron, who wants to be traded and would love to be reunited with Hue Jackson, who coached them in Cincinnati.
The Bengals would likely want at least a second-round pick, one source said, and wouldn't rule out trading within the division.
"We'll listen to whatever anyone is thinking,'' said Bengals director of personnel Duke Tobin. "We're not actively looking to diminish our football team by trading AJ McCarron and that diminishes our football team. It has to be something we feel is valuable enough to warrant doing that. What it is, I don't know. Who it is to, I don't know.
"It's not ideal to trade guys within your division, particularly at that position. But we listen and if something comes up we'll certainly announce it to all you guys.''
The Browns are also seriously considering North Carolina's Mitch Trubisky with the No. 1 pick, and are interested in Deshaun Watson.
Coach Hue Jackson stressed Thursday that the club is doing everything possible to find a winning quarterback.
The four tweens sat on a bench at the veterans memorial in Eden Prairie, shielding their cellphones from the glare of the midday sun. They exchanged notes about their latest Pokémon Go captures. As they hunched over their phones, their feet dangled above an inscribed quote: “Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.”
Purgatory Creek Park has seen a boom of these vigilant visitors recently, said Jay Lotthammer, the city's parks and recreation director. They just wishes that attentiveness extended beyond a handheld screen.
He's sent requests to Niantic — the company behind Pokémon Go, the popular app and augmented reality game — asking them to disperse the handful of Pokestops around the park away from the veterans memorial.
The hundreds of people who come “at all hours of the day and night” have been crowding around the memorial, tromping through flower beds and wandering, eyes down, through the space intended for quiet reflection.
“From what we've heard, this is one of the most desirable spots for the game in the state,” Lotthammer said. “As long as the Pokémon are here, the people will come. Of course we want people in our parks — that's great for us — but it's got to be tweaked and dispersed a little.”
Over the lunch hour on Friday, the park's parking lot was full. More than 150 people were gathered with their phones, walking around in work attire or sprawled out on picnic blankets, collecting the animated characters.
Jim Beck, 46, leaned up against a bronze sculpture of a battlefield cross — a rifle rising above a pair of combat boots with a helmet placed on top.
“I just think it's a double standard,” they said, keeping their eyes on their phone and the Magikarp they were trying to capture. “The city wants people out and active but then want to take away the thing that's bringing us out and off the couch. I would never have come to the memorial if it wasn't for this game.”
The director of Fort Snelling National Cemetery, John Knapp, agrees with Lotthammer and has adopted a recently issued nationwide policy banning gaming in the country's national cemeteries. Over the past few days, he's also sent requests to Niantic, asking for the removal of 16 Pokestops in the cemetery. So far, three have been removed and he's personally asked several Pokémon hunters to take their game elsewhere.
“These are hallowed grounds,” they said. “We want it to be a space of decorum.”
Twelve-year-old Ryan Kelly said they think Eden Prairie's memorial should be offered the same respect, but they understand the appeal of trying to “catch 'em all.”
After capturing “a lot” of Pokémon around the memorial, they took a moment to walk around with their father and look up at the bronze ­sculpture of fallen soldier slung over the shoulders of a comrade.
“I definitely tried to look around and think about it,” they said. “That's important. But I can't say it was the reason I came out here.”
Mara Klecker • 612-673-4753
by
Workers who measure in at under 5ft 6″ in height are not “productive” enough to warrant being paid the new National Living Wage and as a result shouldn't get it, according to Government Minister Matthew Hancock.
Speaking at the Conservative Party conference Mr Hancock said “Everyone knows that short people are less likely to change light bulbs or retrieve things from high shelves, yet we all draw a blind eye and employers are somehow supposed to pay them exactly the same as everyone else. I'm sure there are some very productive short people out there. But I've never seen one. Not whilst keeping my eyes at a level anyway.
“Not that they need the living wage in the first place. They only eat small amounts as a result of having little mouths.”
However, Labour have denounced the new Conservative policy as narrow minded and short sighted. Owen Smith, the Shadow Work & Pensions Secretary said “It's insulting and divisive to make sweeping suggestions that short people are under productive. There's no evidence for this and the likelihood is they probably work nearly as hard as everyone else
“It's true that they generally have smaller mouths. So as a result they mainly eat canapes. Which can be expensive. They'll certainly never eat enough to get any taller if they're kept on the minimum wage.”
So I mentioned last week that I've had a few weird dates while I'm doing this whole online dating thing. For the most part my dates were fine. Everyone was very nice, and I didn't meet anyone who was creepy weird (but like I said in my original online dating post, I had a screening process — had I not there would have been huge potential for creepy dates). I probably went on dates with about seven different people, and mostly they were fine. I did meet some cool people, and most were normal, regular guys. I just ultimately didn't feel a connection or didn't see it working out.
But let's get to the weird ones.
The Socially Awkward Liar
The Socially Awkward Liar said in their dating profile that they were 5'11, but it was clear upon meeting them that they had lied about their height. They were shorter than me (I am 5'9), and just overall slight. I could for sure piggyback them no problem. When I was describing them later to my friend Sherrie, I believe I said that I could pick them up and throw him. Probably one-handed.
But, height is not something you can control, so I was not so shallow that I was going to shaft them because of that. It bothered me that they had lied, of course, and as a general rule I think it is very important to be honest and up front in your online dating profile — if you are going to end up dating someone you meet on there the ugly truth about you is going to come out anyway. Why prolong it? And I don't know why they would choose to lie about something so OBVIOUS. But, we had dinner plans and I was hungry so I was willing to look past it.
It quickly became apparent though, that they had lied about several other things as well. Such as having any sort of sense of humour or personality. They came across very well through typing, but in person, nothing. Zero personality.
They barely laughed at anything I said. And people usually tell me I am funny (it's my favourite compliment). Or if they did laugh, it seemed very forced and way delayed.
I also found it really hard to talk to them in general. Our entire dinner conversation consisted of them bombarding me with questions. It went something like this:
I hate that question. What don't I do for fun? I do all the things for fun!
But they went on…
The entire date. Just relentless questions. They didn't even wait for me to finish answering one question before launching into the next one. I felt like I was on a job interview for a job that I didn't even want. It was so painful. And the questions they asked were all things that I think can come up organically in regular conversation. But they did pay, so all was not completely lost. And my dinner was really good.
The Bill Splitter
I was out for dinner with a guy who I thought was extremely funny. They made me laugh very hard, which is an important quality. They were definitely weird, but I have been known to be kind of weird as well, and I thought I might have a bit of an affinity for their weirdness. I was having a good time.
And then our sever came over to inquire about the bill…
And things took a turn for the awkward…
Oh, okay.
I didn't mind paying but…call me old-fashioned or whatever, I think on a first date the guy should at least offer to pay. I would probably offer to split or at least cover the tip anyway…but especially if They asked ME out. I didn't want to get all weird about it though, so I tried to keep my face expressionless.
And then the server, all awkward, asked…
And they thought about it for a second, and then said…
Really?!
I just stared at him. I didn't know how to react. It was so weird. And it wasn't even the most weird for me, it was so weird for our server!
Waiting for the bill (oh, sorry, bills) to come mayyyy have been the most awkward few minutes of my life. I just didn't know what to say. And they didn't stop staring at me during this time. They just looked at me all intensely with a creepy smile on their face. Neither of us said anything. I felt very uncomfortable.
And then finally, our server came back with our bills. They put each of our bills in front of us, and then looked at me like “This guy's a douche.” And they did not take their eyes off me.
And then they grabbed both of the bills and ran away to pay them. Both of them! They paid for mine also. I was so confused. When they came back, I said something.
Um, no.
Here's the thing. This guy was pretty funny (he used to be a stand up comedian), so I think they only did this to test me to see how I would react. They had planned on paying the entire time. While this is funny to an outsider, and it is funny to me now, it was not very funny at the time. This guy was way too unpredictable. I'm pretty sure they would make it a point to embarrass me in public all the time, and though I don't embarrass easily, I am just not down with that. Unnecessary. No thank you.
“No Thanks, I Don't Eat”
Date #3 seemed promising. They were very cute, great spelling and grammar, was tall, funny, had a hot Irish accent, and seemed super fun. And they took me to a comedy club. So wins all around.
Afterwards, we went out to a pub to get a drink. It was kinda late and I hadn't eaten in a while, so as I was perusing the menu I asked…
Because I LOVE nachos.
Surely I misheard.
And so they repeated himself.
And then they explained to me that they worked in a bar, so they just didn't buy food, and only ate when they were working.
Ah.
On the one hand, I was impressed by their ability to not have to eat, because it would be nice to be able to go more than a few hours without dying of starvation. On the other hand, that is the most bizarre thing I've ever heard. Also, I am very, VERY, very very very food oriented. VERY.
I explained to them that I love food. Very much. I love it so much I have a blog basically about food. And they said that was great because they really needed to broaden their food horizons, because currently they do not eat fruit, vegetables, seafood or dessert. Under any circumstance.
Nooo thank you. No. I love food too much. How would we go out for dinner? What if I was at their house and they had no food available? I could starve! Images of me starving flashed before my eyes. I did not trust them not to let that happen. It would never work out. Eating is a VERY important part of my life. Not eating is a dealbreaker.
And I did. And I ate the entire plate of them, and they did not even have one. Not even one. Because they had lettuce and tomato on them. And they don't eat vegetables.
Oh don't even get me started. I could go on for days about the point of nachos.
Follow
Magnitude Pressure lbf/in2 or dB Item
10−17 Pa 10 aPa Pressure in outer space in intergalactic voids[1][2]
10−15 Pa 1–10 fPa Pressure in outer space between stars in the Milky Way[1][3]
10−12 Pa < 1 pPa The Lowest pressure obtained in laboratory conditions[4]
10−11 Pa
10−10 Pa 100 pPa Atmosphere of Mercury, very approximately ( 6990100000000000000♠ 1 × 10−10 Pa )[6]
10−9 Pa < 1 nPa Vacuum expected in the beam pipe of the Large Hadron Collider's Atlas experiment[7]
~1 nPa Approximate solar wind pressure at Earth's distance from the Sun[8] (variable)[ citation needed ]
10−8 Pa 10 nPa Pressure inside a vacuum chamber for laser cooling of atoms (magneto-optical trap)[9]
10−7 Pa 100 nPa The Highest pressure still considered ultra-high vacuum[12][13]
10−6 Pa 0.1 - 10 µPa Pressure inside a cathode ray tube (approximate)[14][15]
1 µPa Reference pressure for sound in water[16]
1 µPa Pressure inside a vacuum tube (very approximate)[ citation needed ]
10−5 Pa 10 µPa Radiation pressure of sunlight on a perfectly reflecting surface at the distance of the Earth.[17]
20 µPa 0 dB Reference pressure for sound in air[18]
10−4 Pa
10−3 Pa 1–100 mPa Vacuum pressures used for molecular distillation[19]
10−2 Pa
10−1 Pa 100 mPa Upper limit of high vacuum[12][20]
~200 mPa Atmospheric pressure on Pluto (1988 figure; very roughly)[21]
1 Pa 1 Pa Pressure exerted by a US dollar bill resting flat on a surface[22]
1 Pa Upper limit of molecular distillation, where the mean free path of molecules is larger than the equipment size[ citation needed ]
10 Pa 10 Pa Pressure increase per millimeter of a water column at Earth mean sea level[23]
10 Pa Pressure due to direct impact of a gentle breeze (~9 mph or 14 km/h)[24][25][26]
86 Pa Pressure from the weight of a U.S. penny lying flat[27]
102 Pa 100 Pa Pressure due to direct impact of a strong breeze (~28 mph or 45 km/h)[24][25][28]
120 Pa Pressure from the weight of a U.S. quarter lying flat[29][30]
133 Pa 1 torr ≈ 1 mmHg[31]
±300 Pa ±0.043 psi Lung air pressure difference moving the normal breaths of a person (only 0.3% of standard atmospheric pressure)[32][33]
400–900 Pa 0.06–0.13 psi Atmospheric pressure on Mars, < 1% of atmospheric sea-level pressure on Earth[34]
103 Pa 1–10 kPa Typical explosion peak overpressure needed to break glass windows (approximate)[37]
2 kPa Pressure of popping popcorn (very approximate)[38][39]
5 kPa 0.8 psi Blood pressure fluctuation (40 mmHg) between heartbeats for a typical healthy adult[41][42]
+9.8 kPa +1.4 psi Lung pressure that a typical person can exert (74 mmHg)[44]
104 Pa 10 kPa 1.5 psi Pressure increase per meter of a water column[23]
10 kPa 1.5 psi Decrease in air pressure when going from Earth sea level to 1000 m elevation[ citation needed ]
+13 kPa +1.9 psi High air pressure for human lung, measured for trumpet player making staccato high notes[45]
< +16 kPa +2.3 psi Systolic blood pressure in a healthy adult while at rest (< 120 mmHg) (gauge pressure)[41]
+19.3 kPa +2.8 psi High end of lung pressure, exertable without injury by a healthy person for brief times[ citation needed ]
+34 kPa +5 psi Level of long-duration blast overpressure (from a large-scale explosion) that would cause most buildings to collapse[46]
34 kPa Atmospheric pressure at the summit of Mount Everest[47]
+70 kPa +10 psi Pressure for paint exiting an HVLP (low-pressure) paint spray gun[48]
70 kPa Pressure inside an incandescent light bulb[49]
75 kPa Minimum airplane cabin pressure and lowest pressure for normal breathing (at 2440 m). Also the limit stated by the Federal Aviation Regulation (FAR).[50]
80 kPa 12 psi Pressure inside vacuum cleaner at sea level on Earth (80% of standard atmospheric pressure)[ citation needed ]
105 Pa 100 kPa 15 psi 1 bar (14.5 psi),[52] approximately equal to the weight of one kilogram (1 kilopond) acting on one square centimeter[31]
101.325 kPa 15 psi Standard atmospheric pressure for Earth sea level (14.7 psi)[31]
150 to > 550 kPa 25 to > 80 psi Impact pressure of a fist punch (approximate)[ citation needed ][53]
+180 to +250 kPa +26 to +36 psi Air pressure in an automobile tire relative to atmosphere (gauge pressure)[ citation needed ]
+210 to +900 kPa +30 to +130 psi Air pressure in a bicycle tire relative to atmosphere (gauge pressure)[54]
300 kPa 50 psi Water pressure of a garden hose[55]
300 to 700 kPa 50–100 psi Typical water pressure of a municipal water supply in the US[56]
400 to 600 kPa 60–90 psi Carbon dioxide pressure in a champagne bottle[57]
520 kPa 75 psi Partial vapour pressure at the triple point of carbon dioxide[58]
+690 to +830 kPa +100 to +120 psi Air pressure in a heavy truck/bus tire relative to atmosphere (gauge pressure)[ citation needed ]
800 kPa Vapor pressure of water in a kernel of popcorn when the kernel ruptures[59]
106 Pa 0.8–2 MPa 120–290 psi Pressure used in boilers of steam locomotives[ citation needed ]
1.1 MPa 162 psi Pressure of an average human bite[ citation needed ]
2.8–8.3 MPa 400–1200 psi Pressure of carbon dioxide propellant in a paintball gun[60]
5 MPa 700 psi Water pressure of the output of a coin-operated car wash spray nozzle[55]
5 MPa 700 psi Military submarine max. rated pressure (est.) of Seawolf-class nuclear submarine, at depth of 500 m [61][62]
10-21 MPa 1500-3000 psi Chamber pressure of a high-powered (non-carbon dioxide) air gun
6.9–27 MPa 1000–4000 psi Water spray pressure used by pressure washers[63]
107 Pa > 10 MPa > 1500 psi Pressure exerted by a 45 kg woman wearing stiletto heels when a heel hits the floor[65]
20 MPa 2900 psi Typical pressure used for hydrogenolysis reactions[66]
21 MPa 3000 psi Pressure of a typical aluminium scuba tank of pressurized air (210 bar)[67]
21 MPa 3000 psi Ballistic pressure exerted as high-power bullet strikes a solid bulletproof object[ citation needed ]
22 MPa 3200 psi Critical pressure of water
25 MPa 3600 psi Record diesel engine common rail fuel system pressure.[68]
28 MPa 4100 psi Overpressure caused by the bomb explosion during the Oklahoma City bombing[69]
69 MPa 10000 psi Water pressure withstood by the DSV Shinkai 6500 in visiting ocean depths of > 6500 meters[70]
70 to 280 MPa 10000 to 40000 psi Maximal chamber pressure during a pistol firing[71]
108 Pa
110 MPa 16000 psi Pressure at bottom of Mariana Trench, about 11 km below ocean surface (1100 bar)[72]
100 to 300 MPa 15000 to 44000 psi Pressure inside reactor for the synthesis of high-pressure polyethylene (HPPE)[73]
400 MPa 58000 psi Chamber pressure of late 1910s .50 Browning machine gun discharge[ citation needed ]
240–620 MPa 35000–90000 psi Water pressure used in a water jet cutter[74]
109 Pa 1 GPa Extremely high-pressure chemical reactors (10 kbar)[ citation needed ]
1.5 GPa Diamond melts using a 3 kJ laser without turning into graphite first.[75]
1.5 GPa 220,000 psi tensile strength of Inconel 625 according to Aircraft metal strength tables and the Mil-Hdbk-5[ citation needed ]
5.8 GPa 840,000 psi Ultimate tensile strength of the polymer Zylon
1010 Pa 10 GPa Pressure at which octaoxygen forms at room temperature (100,000 bar)[76]
18 GPa Pressure needed for the first commercially successful synthesis of diamond[77]
24 to 110 GPa Stability range of enstatites in its perovskite-structured polymorph, possibly the most common mineral inside the Earth[ citation needed ]
40 GPa Quantum-mechanical electron degeneracy pressure in a block of copper[78]
48 GPa Detonation pressure of pure CL-20,[79] the most powerful high explosive in mass production.
69 GPa 10,000,000 psi The Highest water jet pressure attained in research lab[80]
96 GPa Pressure at which metallic oxygen forms (960,000 bar)[76]
1011 Pa 100 GPa Theoretical tensile strength of a carbon nanotube (CNT)[ citation needed ]
360 GPa Pressure inside the core of the Earth (3.64 million bar)[82][83]
495 GPa Lower bound at which metallic hydrogen theoretically forms
> 600 GPa Pressure attainable with a diamond anvil cell[84]
1012 Pa 5 TPa Pressure generated by the National Ignition Facility fusion reactor
1013 Pa 10 TPa solid matter changes to the metastable inner-shell molecular state
1014 Pa 540 TPa Pressure inside an Ivy Mike-like nuclear bomb detonation (5.3 billion bar)[85][86]
1015 Pa 6.5 PPa Pressure inside a W80 nuclear warhead detonation (64 billion bar)[85][87]
1016 Pa 25 PPa Pressure inside the core of the Sun (250 billion bar)[88]
1023 Pa 7020100000000000000♠ (0.001–1000) × 1023 Pa Pressure inside the core of a white dwarf at the Chandrasekhar limit[89]
1034 Pa 7032320000000000000♠ (0.32–16) × 1033 Pa Pressure range inside a neutron star[90]
1035 Pa 7035099999999999999♠ 1.0 × 1035 Pa Approximate pressure at the center of a proton[91]
… … … …
Xiaomi forged ahead in the smartphone business to become one of the world's top five players by Q3 2014. The Chinese company has earned a name as a bit of a design copycat, however that hasn't stopped it recently becoming "the world's most valuable technology start-up," worth around $45 billion. Now it looks like the firm is interested in diversifying its business to produce PC laptops. This is an interesting move as the likes of Sony and Samsung are reducing their PC laptop business activity.
A series of photographs and a specification list has emerged of the Xiaomi laptop, thought to show a leaked advanced prototype or production sample. Gizmodo China even has a suggested price figure for us to ponder over.
Xiaomi laptop specs:
Screen: 15-inch 1080p display
Processor: Intel Haswell i7-4500u processor
Memory: 2 x 8GB dual channel memory
OS: Xiaomi custom Linux system
Unfortunately there are quite a few key specs missing from the above list. However we are given a pricing indication of 2999 Yuan, which is around US$480. We also get to see some details of the new laptop from the pictures such as; a couple of standard ports, the overall design aspects and the orange 'Mi' function button.
It is suggested that with the above specs and pricing Xiaomi could be as disruptive in the laptop PC industry as it has been in the smartphone arena. However, as none of this laptop information is official right now, it's purely an interesting piece of news which we must take with a pinch of salt, and wait and see.
Natcore has successfully eliminated silver from an all-back-contact silicon heterojunction cell, and replaced it with aluminum. No loss of performance was said to have been recorded at the companys R&D center in Rochester, the U.S. A provisional patent application is expected to be filed in the next two weeks.
Although it boasts high conductivity, silver is very expensive. And, while twice as much aluminum is needed as silver, "raw material costs would still be just 0.6% of the direct material cost of using silver in the cell," says Natcore.
Currently, silver costs around US$15.28 per troy ounce  contributing to roughly 30% of a silicon cells production cost  whereas the same quantity of aluminum is said to cost $0.05. The average solar panel is calculated to use around one-half of an ounce of silver, comprising around 11% of a solar modules raw material cost, adds the company.
On July 9, Natcore announced it had developed a "breakthrough" cell structure "that will simplify the production process, significantly lower costs, and speed the path toward ultra high-efficiency cells." This claim was based on eliminating silver from mass produced solar cells.
"Natcore's new cell is an all-back-contact heterojunction structure using thin amorphous silicon layers in combination with a standard crystalline silicon solar wafer. The cell could utilize a novel packaging approach in which a flex circuit is directly bonded to multiple, small contact pads by high-speed laser fusion," explained the company at the time.
As part of its path to removing silver from production processes, Natcore said last September it had switched from using silver to copper as a catalyst in silicon wafers instead of silver, with copper costing, at the time, just $0.20 per troy ounce. However, it was noted that the copper would have to also be removed, to extend the life of the solar cell.
"By switching from silver to copper, we'd lower the cost of producing a solar cell by a fraction of a penny. But over the course of a 100 MW facility, that's a saving of more than $100,000," commented Chuck Provini, Natcore's president and CEO on the back of the news in September.
pv magazine has contacted Natcore for more details on its latest announcement.
Four out of the five artists are making their debuts in Rocksmith this week, but none of them are strangers to music games. All five of these songs have appeared in rhythm games in the past, but only one of them has been playable on a real guitar before! Also, this marks the first time for three of these songs that the original version is showing up in a guitar game!
Let's take a look at the clue that @DanAmrich posted Friday afternoon.
L5wuqaT wants to be seen. I imagine you know where to look.
Which lead us to http://imgur.com/L5wuqaT.jpg
Four paragraphs for four songs. Four lyrical anagrams to decipher!
“Hello?” A pause, Jack rested _________ _________ __________ __ _______ ____ regrowth __ ________ ________
There was a group called ‘The Jokers' – Rick Derringer “Rock and Roll Hoochie Koo”
“____ _______ deny ____ _____ __ ____ _____ __” _ _____ ____ ________ “Only faithful men want death.”
they finally found the wanted man – Styx “Renegade”
_____ ______ __ __ __ the python, living i ___ __ ____ ____ ___________ ____ __________ detached, fragile, ___ none __ high __ ____
Playing with the high one dancing with the devil – Motorhead “Ace Of Spades”
“__ ___ __ we remain _________ __ age,” ___ ____ ___ “Magic __ the unit __ __ _____.”
we're an image caught in time – Dio “Rainbow In The Dark”
First off, Rocksmith adds some more Dio. After getting a couple different versions of Holy Diver, we're getting Rainbow in the Dark! If you found Holy Diver a bit too easy for you, then this might be more your speed. Just listening to the solo is making my fingers bleed, and merely thinking about it is giving me bad flashbacks to trying to 5 Star all the on-disc songs in Rock Band 3!
Next up, we have a song that's definitely seen a few games. After appearing in Guitar Hero, Guitar Hero II, Guitar Hero: Metallica, Rock Band 2, Rock Band: Unplugged, Rock Band for iPhone, DJ Hero (mixed with Groundhog by Noisa), SingStar, and SingStar: Amped (and hey, if we're getting obscure, it was also in the Metal expansion pack for the Guitar Hero Air Guitar Rocker… thing), Motörhead's metal classic Ace of Spades finally makes its way to Rocksmith! Finally, Rocksmith is legitimized as a rhythm game! Also, as a first for guitar based video games, it appears as though we're getting the original 1980 version. Nope it's the 2008 re-record…
But apparently I am…
Our next track has appeared in significantly fewer games, having it's only appearance be a cover on the Xbox 360 version of Guitar Hero II. It's definitely a classic, though! That's right, it's Rick Derringer and their hit Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo! This pack is offering awesome riffs up the wazoo, that's for sure!
“Rock and Roll, Hoochie Koo” was first recorded by Johnny Winter in 1970
Oh mama, check out the next one! A re-recorded version of this song appeared as DLC for Rock Band, as well as an on-disc track for Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock. Yet another classic riff is found in Styx's seminal Renegade! Side note, if this brings us one step closer to finally getting either Come Sail Away or Gowan's A Criminal Mind in a game, I will be a very happy man.
Check back on Monday to find out the fifth song you'll be rockin' out with!
Update: Our final track brings us once more back to the nostalgic well of Guitar Hero II tunes as well as the significantly less nostalgic Guitar Hero: Smash Hits (and hey, since I mentioned it for Ace of Spades, I may as well point out that it was also part of the 80s Rock expansion for that Guitar Hero Air Guitar Rocker thing) AND gives us some more awesome arena rock/hair metal! That's right, it's the song that was too hot for Canadian music video station MuchMusic: Cherry Pie by Warrant! While it may not be the most technically complex song in the world, it follows the hair metal pattern of an awesome riff and an even awesome-er solo! I know I'm excited for it!
Classic Riff Song Pack – $11.99 / Steam
So tell us, are you excited about these tracks, or are you holding out for something more modern? Let us know in the comments!
Cape Town - Mike Horn, the motivational speaker who helped the Proteas at the recent Cricket World Cup, has confirmed that there was political interference before the semi-final against New Zealand.
READ: Did SMS cost Proteas World Cup?
Recent media reports indicated that Cricket South Africa CEO Haroon Lorgat told Proteas coach Russell Domingo via SMS to pick an extra player of colour in the team before the semi-final in Auckland.
Lorgat apparently told Domingo to choose between dropping Rilee Rossouw and picking Farhaan Behardien, or dropping Kyle Abbott for Vernon Philander.
Abbott was eventually dropped, with an unfit Philander taking their place, as New Zealand went on to beat South Africa by 4 wickets in a thrilling clash.
CSA and Lorgat strongly denied the reports.
However, Horn, speaking to EWN, confirmed that there was political interference before the semi-final.
Horn said the initial plan was for the same team that crushed Sri Lanka in the quarter-finals to play against the Kiwis in the semi-finals.
Horn said the players were clearly unhappy about what transpired and that they were tasked with re-motivating them for the semi-finals.
Horn was hard on themselves though, saying it didn't matter that “politics or quotas influenced the players” and that they thought they “failed a bit” in their job as motivator or as high performance coach.
By Nathan Heller on November 16, 2014 at 5:42pm
According to a short statement by Nebraska-based telecom company Great Plains Communications, G4 will leave airwaves on Nov. 30, 2014. The troubled gamer channel has been withering away since NBC Universal decided not to add new programs in 2013. Since then, it has been stuck with reruns of "LOST," "X-Play," "Ninja Warriors," "Cops," "Heroes," "Cheaters," and various movies.
Back in Sept. 2012, Variety reported that G4 would be rebranded with a "more sophisticated look while remaining true to its tech and video game roots." Those roots were planted back in the early 2000s, when we enjoyed shows like "Arena," "Cinematech," "Cheat!," "Portal," "Judgment Day," and more.
While that rebranding would eventually be applied elsewhere, G4 never recovered from a loss of creative vision and commitment from higher-ups. With no new programs to speak of, it's been dropping from cable networks like Time Warner and Comcast over the last year. On top of that, G4's syndication rights to "Cops," "Heroes," and "LOST" expired this last August, leaving the channel with little to offer.
"Attack of the Show," which began airing in 2005 with co-hosts Kevin Pereira and Olivia Munn, managed to garner a decent following and continued for seven years. "AOTS" ran the gamut of tech reviews, pop culture parodies, and general daily news in an attempt to inform and entertain the geek community. Despite this, ratings declined until the show was cancelled in Oct. 2012.
For those of us who remember G4's glory days, this has been a slow burn of nostalgia and disappointment. With YouTube and Twitch, it appears today's gamers have little need to reach for the remote control. Our thanks and best wishes go out to the crew of G4 as they join other projects.
Check back for updates; we expect NBC Universal to issue an official statement in the coming days.
It must be tough to be a member of the media class these days. The inside-the-Beltway crowd is getting more and more frustrated with the public's refusal to go along with the storyline they are trying to sell... oh, excuse me, that should read "tell," shouldn't it? They've been beating the drum of President Obama's supposed failure from Day One, but that rascally public keeps right on giving them roughly two-thirds approval ratings. In fact, their approval ratings have just not budged during the entire time.
So pity the poor media, especially those commenting from the right. Their frustration in not being able to control the storyline on Obama's presidency must be giving them fits. Their most recent attempt at finding the gloomy lining in Obama's silver cloud was that they are the "most polarizing president ever!" They focus in like a laser beam on a Pew Research poll which shows, in essence, that the Republican Party is shrinking down to its core base of very conservative people. Party identification and satisfaction with the Republican Party is at an all-time low, so it's not that hard to understand that whoever's left is going to be pretty committed to the cause, because all the moderates have left. But although this is the logical conclusion to draw from the data, some pundits on the right are trying to shoehorn this in to their overarching "Obama is a failure" theme.
They fail to mention that the same poll showed Obama with a 61 percent approval rating, which is more than twice their disapproval rating of 26 percent. Two polls (CNN and CBS) came out a day earlier than Pew which pegged Obama's approval at a stratospheric 66 percent. These numbers do not fit the storyline, so they are not even mentioned.
Instead, the story runs something like this:
"This is Mark Helmethair here with Suzy Whiteteeth, and our top story tonight is how Barack Obama has polarized the country. A new poll shows that people who still aren't embarrassed to be called Republicans actually don't like the Democratic president, while Democrats love him. This is polarizing! Polarizing, I tell ya! How will they manage to get anything done when the voters in the opposition party don't like him? I thought they promised on the campaign trail to personally ask every Southern white male their opinion before they did anything, but apparently this quote which I cannot seem to find a transcript of was all lies just to get elected. We really expected Barack Obama to have 80 to 90 percent approval for their entire presidency, and their numbers are falling woefully short of that modest goal. In fact, the country is still polarized and does not agree on Obama's political philosophy, meaning they can only be seen at this juncture as an abject failure."
If you think this is exaggeration, check out what former George W. Bush speechwriter Michael Gersen recently wrote for the Washington Post. Here's an excerpt:
But Obama's polarizing approach challenges and changes the core of their political identity. Their moderate manner and message appealed to a country weary of division and ambition -- a nation now asked to endure another round of both. But Obama's domestic agenda is also resoundingly typical -- as though they were some conventionally liberal backbench senator suddenly thrust into immense influence. Which, of course, they are. It would have been relatively easy for President Obama to divide the Republican coalition, peeling off less-partisan Republicans with genuine outreach. Many Republicans were prepared to accept short-term deficits to stimulate the economy in exchange for long-term fiscal responsibility. Obama could have focused more narrowly on resolving the financial crisis -- the key to all economic recovery -- and delayed their ambitions on other issues to a more realistic time. In the process, they might have gotten some Republicans to share their political risks instead of nursing grievances on the sidelines. Polarization in American politics has its own disturbing momentum, aided by some strident Republican voices. But that does not require a president to make it worse. And it is a sad, unnecessary shame that Barack Obama, the candidate of unity, has so quickly become another source of division.
Oh, the shame of getting lots of stuff done -- without Republicans! The absolute shame of being able to pass your agenda without it being carved up by your opponents. The shame of facing the American people after doing exactly what you told them you were going to do!
Are these people serious? Is this truly all they have left? Their essential argument is: Obama can't force us to support him, and it is their fault when we refuse to do so. If he'd only do what we tell them to do, we could support them -- in which case the other two-thirds of the American public would likely not support him, but at least then we'd be happy. The one-third of the country that still agrees with us actually does not agree with the president, which they should be ashamed about.
That's it. That is the sum total of their complaint.
Gersen apparently hasn't realized the irony of even using the term "less-partisan Republicans" (with, one assumes, a straight face), since they have now all but vanished from the halls of Congress. Most of them have been replaced by Democrats. Losing two elections in a row, and continuing to cling to obstructionism as your only new idea, will tend to do that.
So you have to pity the poor right-wing media. They have been trying to create an upsurge in resentment against Obama, because it would be good for their ratings. Over and over again, the media expresses its astonishment each time President Obama does exactly what candidate Obama said they would do if elected. The media tries to magnify every perceived flaw in Obama, whether justified or not, and make it into a lead story.
And the public just is not buying what they're selling.
Over and over and over again, people are weighing their own impressions of our new president with what the media is telling them to believe. For the most part, they are deciding that the media's take is wrong, and are then going on to form their own opinions of the man.
Once again, you have to pity the poor media. Because this is only undermining their own trust with the American people -- which is at an all-time low. Every time people decide that the media has gotten it wrong, they pay a little less attention to the media as a direct result. So the ultimate outcome of this whole exercise will be to make it easier for Obama to communicate directly with the people -- without the filter of the media -- and will only serve to tarnish the media, not Obama.
I guess when you are relying on Republicans to give you your spin on the political situation, the best you can hope for is to follow the Republican Party in its own tailspin down to the crash landing of total irrelevance. Pity the poor right-wing media, indeed.
If you don't know who Bran Stark is, then you're not familiar with HBO's Game of Thrones, or the book series A Song of Ice and Fire that it's based on. I won't forbid you from reading my article (because it's great, yo) but it'll end up spoiling details of the plot. I recommend you binge-watch the show and come right back.
The most recent season of Game of Thrones marked the return of Bran Stark, the little lad who climbed too high, saw things they shouldn't have seen, yet lived to tell the tale. Well, they would have told the tale, if they didn't have traumatic amnesia.
Ever since Season Two, Bran's story has been taking them further and further away from the show's alleged center-of-focus: the Iron Throne. Bran had been moving north and north, up to the Wall, past that barrier between the civilized and the wild, past Craster's keep, far into the lands of Always-Winter to a great weirwood and a cavernous hall of learning run by the Three Eyed Raven. And their house-elves.
During the span of Season Six, Bran began to reverse that journey, being carried south from the weirwood cave back to the Wall by their undead uncle Benjen.
(Well, nearly to the Wall. Benjen's going to make Meera Reed drag Bran the last mile or so, I guess.)
Assuming Bran is escorted into Castle Black, safe and sound, he'll be back where the action is. After all, there's an undead army presumably tracking him, and they might find themselves the King in the North if they wanted to press some claim.
But I assume Bran has more pressing things to worry about than getting fitted for a crown. Like the undead army that's presumably tracking him.
I'm glad Bran will be able to have some influence on these events, even though it might seem that a crippled child would have limited agency. They have power, but their faithful wolf Summer is dead as well as the giant Hodor. Both were once useful for Bran to warg into when there was a need to fight.
When planted next to a weirwood tree, Bran can access some kind of memory of the trees, to see things that are past. This carries great risks, since on one of those time-jaunts Bran apparently crippled the mind of a stableboy named Wylis, and before that, he'd fallen prey to the Night's King, who appears to be able to interact with those on astral plane journeys.
So what help will this boy provide in the war effort, just sitting around? Possibly a great deal.
Bran is the winged wolf. They will never walk again. But they will fly. (Or so he's been told.)
The Wolf with Wings
I've previously talked about what weird things Bran might accomplish with their ability to control animals, and one of those topics speculated on if Bran might be able to control a dragon. Since there's only three dragons that we know of, just how would Daenerys feel about this? And what negative opinions might Bran have about Daenerys Targaryen, and Targaryens in general?
Bran would see controlling a dragon as an obvious asset in warfare versus the Others. Fire is one way that the wights can be killed, and dragons enjoy burninating. But I'm not sure if Bran the child would think to ask Daenerys for assistance, if they had the opportunity to control a dragon without my say-so.
Bran never thought twice about Professor X'ing the loyal, lovely-natured Hodor into being a killing machine. And he's not likely to initially be a Daenerys fan.
Bran's knowledge of the Targaryens can probably sum up like this:
A Targaryen abducted their Aunt Lyanna, which resulted in their death
A Targaryen killed their uncle and grandfather, and put out the call for the death of their father
Bran saw the Mad King in their full-on raving madness, in one of their tree-visions
News that a Targaryen is approaching Westeros, with monsters, will probably not be met with relief from the young warg.
It's fair to bring up that Bran saw Lyanna's last moments, where they handed over a baby to the youthful version of Ned Stark. So Bran might have pieced together the likely conclusion that Lyanna and Rhaegar were in love, and there was no abduction. And that Jon Snow is not their half-brother, but is actually their cousin.
But it's possible that Bran might not have understood anything from the vision…
“That's weird, I wonder who that kid was? Dad never talked about that. Oh well.”
“Poor Aunt Lyanna! What did Rhaegar do to her? No one explains anything to me.”
“I wonder if I'll ever find out who Jon's mother is? I bet their mom was Ashara Dayne!”
So Bran stealing a dragon from Dany might appeal to them on two fronts: getting a weapon to fight up north, and depriving this evil and mad Targaryen conqueror of one of their military assets.
I'm not super-invested in this, but let's keep it on the table. I think it might be interesting that while the Snow King in the North might be attempting diplomacy (look, we all know Jon and Dany are going to have some face time this season, that's just science, yo) the Witch-King in the North will be causing problems.
Daenerys: You're convinced that I should treat with this “King in the North”? The Starks and Targaryens have unresolved bad blood between us.
Tyrion: Well, you did say that the various kingdoms could at least ask you about independence. And we might do well to have more allies and fewer foes.
Daenerys: Hmmm.
Tyrion: But to be honest, I wanted to see this for myself. To imagine the lad I left at the Wall is now a king. When I last saw Jon Snow, I'd just finished pissing off the edge of the world. True fact! He's my eye-witness!
Daenerys: Hmmm?
Tyrion: The context is important for understanding …
Daenerys: I'm changing the subject. Has anyone seen Drogon?
Tyrion: Not for several days, no.
Daenerys: It's not the first time they went off hunting for weeks. I do wish he'd check in occasionally. A mother never stops worrying.
Tyrion: The youth of today.
Daenerys: Ah, here's your piss-watching friend now.
Jon Snow: Your grace.
Daenerys: Your grace.
Grey Worm: My queen! Drogon returned and set fire to our ships!
Daenerys: WHAT?
Grey Worm: Riding on their back was a boy. They kept shouting “Suck on this, Targaryens! House Stark! The North remembers!”
Tyrion: Err, Jon. You wouldn't happen to know –
Jon Snow: I know nothing about this.
Daenerys: Nothing?
Jon Snow: Look, ask anybody.
So, is there a reason whu Bran would bother to ride a captured dragon, rather than just inhabiting its mind while leaving their body in a coma, lying around somewhere?
I'll admit that I just like the idea of Bran and the dragon together.
Tyrion designed a saddle for Bran, since the boys crippled legs would not be able to assist in either maintaining a stable ride or in being able to guide a horse along via spurs.
The same kind of saddle that Tyrion designed for Bran might lead to a dragon-saddle solution. (If Bran and Dany end up on good terms, they might get a better and more comfortable ride situation out of this as well.)
In battle, it might be best for Bran not to be physically on the dragon's back but it would be useful to have a dragon steed take them from point to point. After all, we don't know the range of their warging abilities so he'd always want to be somewhat near the dragon.
I'm kind of not paying too much attention to the fact that when Bran was in their direwolf Summer, they were really in Summer. Their body was slack, their eyes had that funky “no one's home” look. But there were moments when they had calmed Hodor with just a touch of their warging power. I think with practice and power growth, Bran might be able to be on the back of a dragon, guiding it but not investing their full consciousness in it.
I mean, the dragons of old did take direction without direct mind control.
The Dragon Has Three Heads
So Dany has three dragons. They can obviously ride a dragon, and Bran might be able to ride a dragon. Who's going to be on the third dragon? Well, I've never insisted that every dragon needs a passenger. There's much speculation, and of course Jon Snow is a Targaryen, so maybe he'll be number three. (Look, I know all about rumored secret Targaryens, we don't need to rehash that too much.)
In my perfect novel world, with Bran and Dany at odds because that's dramatic, I'd want the third dragon to be somehow taken by a third party who is antagonistic to both the Stark cause and the Targaryen cause. But I doubt the show will be able to pull something like that off, there's not much time. But it just seems like a fun and complicated situation.
(I'd be thrilled if Cersei was a dragon-rider. Seven Hells! For Cersei to maintain their bizarre but continuous upward trajectory of power, in spite of herself… I'd be pleasantly amazed.)
Okay, that's enough conjecture. But I do expect something important from Bran. Too hardy to be killed by a fall, blessed by the Old Gods, tapping into power… it'd be a shame if their potential just fizzled out.
Anyone else expecting some cool surprises from the last male Stark? Let me know.
(No need to bring up any Bran-changing-the-timeline expectations, or that we'll discover they drove Aerys mad, or any other Doctor Whodor nonsense. That's right, I said it.)
(Comments are always welcome. Super welcome! But if you want to talk spoilery Game of Thrones talk with me (also welcome) I'd invite you to visit my Safe Spoilers page on my backup blog. That way my non-book-reading friends won't be shocked with foreknowledge.)
Images from HBO's Game of Thrones (obviously.) Well most of them. Google provided me that beautiful artwork of Bran, and I'm not sure who created the original image. The pic of Aegon on top of Balerion the Dread by Jordi Gonzales (artwork from The World of Ice and Fire) was found online at the ASOIAF wiki: http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Balerion
I make no claim to the images, but some claims to the text. So there.
If you liked this article, thank you! I have all of my Game of Thrones related articles on my handy-dandy Game of Thrones page should you want to read more but don't want to navigate around my site.
© Patrick Sponaugle 2017 Some Rights Reserved
Advertisements
“Where are you headed after graduation?”
“I'm staying in Gainesville.”
The looks of shock, disbelief and judgment I receive in response to my answer have become all too familiar. “Why?” people ask, dumbfounded.
I came to Gainesville for the University of Florida. When I was a first-year student, trying to justify my decision to go to school in rural Alachua, I'd say, “Yeah, Gainesville is, like, in the middle of nowhere, but I'm cool with being in a college town.”
As graduation day creeps closer and closer, it has become quite clear that I didn't just build a collegiate resume in Gainesville. I built a life.
This life is an enigma to many of the university students, whose bubble does not extend past campus and the tri-weekly trips to midtown. This life is rich, fulfilling and so uniquely its own, that I'm not ready to leave it behind just yet.
My pining for the beach has been replaced with weekend trips to nature spots whose beauty rivals even the most pristine sandy shores. If you haven't star gazed from Paynes Prairie, dunked your feet in the questionable waters of Hogtown Creek, marveled at Devil's Millhopper (it took 10,000 years of rain, erosion and change to carve out that sinkhole), set up a hammock in the Loblolly woods, took the plunge into the crystal waters of Devil's Den, rode a bike through the Hawthorne Rail Trail, let butterflies land in your hair at the Florida Museum of Natural History or simply sat in silence at the University Gardens, then you haven't experienced the rejuvenating power of a town intertwined with the lush, natural world.
My longing for a break from the monotony of midtown nightlife has been replaced with evenings playing oversized Jenga at First Magnitude Brewing, deep house and even deeper cocktails at 2nd Street Speakeasy, drinking Jameson to the sound of acoustic guitar at Whiskey House, trading wooden tokens for drinks, laughs and good conversation at the Top on Tuesday nights, sipping slow to the sounds of jazz at the Bull and groovin' shamelessly to the local music at The Jam or High Dive.
Instead of living off cereal and toast, I've learned to cook in Gainesville, with incredible meats from Ward's, fresh produce from the farmer's market and an unparalleled shopping experience at Lucky's Market ($2 pints of local craft beer while you shop? Yes, please). My vices are more than satisfied by the selection of beer, wine and spirits at Dorn's.
On those days I'm lazy in the kitchen, my cravings for fresh quality eats, romantic dining or a hung-over meal are delighted by the nearly 300 restaurants, offering everything from a classic steak dinner to a warm bowl of pork ramen to the vegan temptations of a tempeh and greens sammie. I have options for incredible pizza, greasy food truck binges, late night Cubans, cheap Mexican and wine-soaked Italian dates.
Mind, body and soul have found equal nourishment in Gainesville. Intellectual growth comes from the many speeches, plays and events held free of charge in tiny classrooms and giant auditoriums alike at UF. Sore muscles and personal fitness come from the stadium, Big Ron's hot yoga, soccer in the park and total body classes. Inner peace, solitude and liberation come from a meditation center deep in the woods of Alachua.
Sure, I could use better clothing stores, better Indian food and maybe a real nightclub, but alas, no city is perfect.
Gainesville is growing quickly and in all the best ways. It's fostering a creative spirit that allowed someone like me, sights set on med school, to refocus and build a startup in the soil of a true community (shoutout to Starter Space). It's a city where the first question isn't “What do you do?” or “Who do you know?” but instead “What inspires you?” or “What do you love?”
Gainesville is a home base. It's an old friend that doesn't judge you for wanting to leave the comfort of its embrace to go explore the world and still welcomes you back with open arms. It's flush with young, new faces each fall and steady with the faces of ACR's whose home has been in the Swamp for generations.
Unlike the hipster alleys of Austin, trendy streets of San Francisco or bustling grid of New York City, Gainesville hasn't tapped into its full potential yet. In a lot of ways, it's still figuring itself out, which gives you endless room to do some self-discovery right along with it.
You shape Gainesville while it subtly shapes you back, until one day, the town doesn't seem to be in the middle of nowhere anymore.
And instead of being the person dumbfounded, asking “Why Gainesville?” you're the person graduating, growing roots here and letting your life bloom.
A Bitcoin (virtual currency) paper wallet with QR codes and a coin are seen in an illustration picture taken at La Maison du Bitcoin in Paris, France, May 27, 2015. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday denied for the second time this month a request to bring to market a first-of-its-kind product tracking bitcoin, the digital currency.
The SEC announced in a filing its decision denying Intercontinental Exchange Inc's NYSE Arca exchange the ability to list and trade the SolidX Bitcoin Trust, an exchange-traded product (ETP) that would trade like a stock and track the digital asset's price. Previously, the regulatory agency said it had concerns with a similar proposal by investors Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss.
“The Commission believes that the significant markets for bitcoin are unregulated,” the SEC said in its filing, echoing language from its decision earlier this month on the application by CBOE Holdings Inc's Bats exchange to list The Bitcoin ETF proposed by the Winklevoss brothers. On Friday, Bats asked the SEC to review its decision not to allow that fund to trade.
“We are reviewing the SEC's order and evaluating our next steps,” said Daniel H. Gallancy, chief executive officer of SolidX Partners Inc, a U.S. technology company that provides blockchain services. NYSE did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Bitcoin had scaled to a record of more than $1,300 this month, higher than the price of an ounce of gold, as investors speculated that an ETF holding the digital currency could woo more people into buying the asset.
But after denial of the Winklevoss-proposed ETF, the digital currency's price plunged as much as 18 percent. It has rebounded partially since then and was at $1,041 on Tuesday, roughly unchanged from the previous day.
Bitcoin is a virtual currency that can be used to move money around the world quickly and with relative anonymity, without the need for a central authority, such as a bank or government.
Yet bitcoin presents a new set of risks to investors given its limited adoption, a number of massive cybersecurity breaches affecting bitcoin owners and the lack of consistent treatment of the assets by governments.
There is one remaining bitcoin ETP proposal awaiting a verdict from the SEC. Grayscale Investments LLC's Bitcoin Investment Trust, backed by early bitcoin advocate Barry Silbert and their Digital Currency Group, filed an application last year.
Trump would say much the same thing. In fact, they did, during their formal foreign-policy address in April. But while House Republicans and their presumptive presidential nominee are in agreement about the failings of the Obama administration—on handling ISIS, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and so much else—they differ on a path forward. Staying true to Republican orthodoxy going back to the George W. Bush administration, the House leaders advocate a staunchly internationalist approach, rejecting both isolationism and what they see as Obama's “leading from behind” disengagement from the world.
The policy paper includes only a token nod to a recent Trump talking point—that America's NATO allies need to step up and pay more or be responsible for their own defense. “History has shown us time and again that the world can only be a safer place when America leads, and we need American leadership again,” Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy said in their remarks. The GOP's plan “is a path that recognizes America can only be safe if we proactively engage abroad rather than hide behind our oceans and leave the most challenging problems for other to deal with.”
In a panel discussion accompanying the release of the report, the authors answered questions about Trump's own proposals with predictable awkwardness. “You can't ban an entire race or religion from coming into the country,” Representative Michael McCaul, chairperson of the Homeland Security Committee, told the moderator, Andrea Mitchell, when they asked about Trump's Muslim ban. “What you need is a better vetting system.” While the report includes an entire section on improving border and interior immigration security, the closest it comes to addressing Trump's signature “wall” proposal is to say, “We need more than just fencing.”
“This is a document,” McCaul told Mitchell, “that we hope the nominee will read and pay attention to.”
Representative Mac Thornberry, who heads the Armed Services Committee, declined to discuss Trump's worldview at all but made it clear that the U.S. could not walk away from NATO. “The agenda we laid out today talks about the importance of alliances, as frustrating as it can be,” they said.
The GOP's national-security agenda does branch out into other areas, calling for beefed-up cyber defenses and a public-diplomacy component to fighting terrorism using social media. As they have repeatedly, Republicans urge a more muscular strategy to defeat ISIS, but it is one based just as much on rhetoric as specific tactics. “Leaders in Washington should also level with the American people by calling the threat what it is,” the report says. “You cannot defeat an
enemy you refuse to define, so let's state it plainly: We are at war with Islamist terrorists.” Yet while the Republicans declare war on paper, they say nothing about actually passing an authorization for the use of military force, which has been stalled in Congress for more than a year. The proposal is also silent on whether the president should deploy a ground combat force to Iraq, Syria, or Libya.
There is no requirement that Trump and other Republicans agree on a policy agenda. On domestic policy, he'll need the approval of their party in Congress as much if not more than they need his. But a president's authority over foreign and national-security policy is far greater. If House leaders want their agenda pursued, they'll need Trump not only to win the White House, but to move in their direction when they do.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Polytron's Indie Game Fez was my favorite game of 2012. Because the levels in the game remind me so much of Lego bricks it seemed only proper to recreate the first level out of Lego.My objective when building this model was to duplicate the board brick for brick. I spent many hours watching a play through video of the first board as I built the model from the ground up.Features:1. It floats on transparent bricks2. Grass along the side of the building3. Two floating islands4. Has a mailbox at the top and bottom5. Spinning windmill6. Treasure Chest7. Two Trees8. Water Tower9. Every Building Represented10. Solid BaseWhy I submitted this model to Cuusoo:When I built this model I posted it on reddit and the Fez Homepage. I then put it on the shelf for display. Over the next few days I discovered it was featured on the Fez homepage MTV's blog , and Indie Game the Movie's website . After many requests for the model from comments on those sites I added it to Cuusoo. Thanks to everyone who have enjoyed it and asked for it as a model. Hopefully it will get the 10,000 supporters needed for Lego to review it. My flickr image of the model has over 8,000 views so there certainly a possibility of this happening.I think video game Lego models are in short supply. What makes Fez a great candidate for a Lego model is that is a non-violent game that appeals to all age ranges.Lets take a little tour of the model:
Lucky Charms wants consumers to enter to win a chance to get one of ten available boxes of Lucky Charms that contains only the best part — the rainbow-colored marshmallows. All you have to do is send a photo of yourself holding an “imaginary box” with the appropriate hashtag via Facebook, Twitter or Instagram between Oct. 14-18. The brand also hopes rapper Biz Markie will inspire you to play along in a sort of psychedelic ad.
Rather than humiliate yourself by allowing the company to tweet a photo of you holding nothing, just think: While a marshmallow-only box might sound like a dream come true, arguably the whole fun of eating the cereal is the challenge of trying to find the rainbow-colored marshmallow bits in a milky sea of boring oat pieces. So once the game no longer exists, you'll just be left with a lot of overly-sweet, rainbow-colored shapes that are too rich to eat more than a spoonful of. Sometimes less is more, kids. Also, we don't need any more excuses to take selfies.
Write to Olivia B. Waxman at olivia.waxman@time.com.
This site will work and look better in a browser that supports web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device.
"You haven't seen my drawer of inappropriate starches?"
11978 members | you are not logged in | 27 February 2019
May 09 2012
--Kitty Pryde
Dear Friends,
Well, it's been quite a weekend. Someday, long from now, I will even have an emotional reaction to it, like a person would. I can't wait! But before I become blinded by this "emotion" experience, there are a few things I'd like to say. Well, type.
People have told me that this matters, that my life is about to change. I am sure that is true. And change is good -- change is exciting. I think -- not to jinx it -- that I may finally be recognized at Comiccon. Imagine! Also, with my percentage of "the Avengers" gross, I can afford to buy... [gets call from agent. Weeps manfully. Resumes typing.] ...a fine meal. But REALLY fine, with truffles and s#!+. And I can get a studio to finance my dream project, the reboot of "Air Bud" that we all feel is so long overdue. (He could play Jai Alai! Think of the emotional ramifications of JAI ALAI!!!!)
What doesn't change is anything that matters. What doesn't change is that I've had the smartest, most loyal, most passionate, most articulate group of -- I'm not even gonna say fans. I'm going with "peeps" -- that any cult oddity such as my bad self could have dreamt of. When almost no one was watching, when people probably should have STOPPED watching, I've had three constants: my family and friends, my collaborators (often the same), and y'all. A lot of stories have come out about my "dark years", and how I'm "unrecognized"... I love these stories, because they make me seem super-important, but I have never felt the darkness (and I'm ALL about my darkness) that they described. Because I have so much. I have people, in my life, on this site, in places I've yet to discover, that always made me feel the truth of success: an artist and an audience communicating. Communicating to the point of collaborating. I've thought, "maybe I'm over; maybe I've said my piece". But never with fear. Never with rancor. Because of y'all. Because you knew me when. If you think topping a box office record compares with someone telling you your work helped them through a rough time, you're probably new here. (For the record, and despite my inhuman distance from the joy-joy of it: topping a box office record is super-dope. I'm an alien, not a robot.) So this is me, saying thank you. All of you. You've taken as much guff for loving my work as I have for over-writing it, and you deserve, in this our time of streaming into the main, to crow. To glow. To crow and go "I told you so", to those Joe Blows not in the know. (LAST time I hire Dr. Seuss to punch my posts up. Yeesh!) Point being, you deserve some honor, AND you deserve some FAQs answered. So please welcome my old friend and certainly not-on-my-payroll reporter/flunky, Rutherford D. Actualperson!
RDA: So good to see you, young Joss! is it possible you've gotten more attractive since we last spoke, and less fungal in odor?
JW: Thanks for noticing. Let's talk.
RDA: "the Scavengers" is a huge success! Does this mean you have changed the very fabric of existence?
JW: Dude, it's just a movie. Also, yes.
RDA: I've seen a lot of a talk about "the Availers" vs "the Dark Knight Rises". How will you feel if you're eclipsed by Nolan?
JW: I'm glad I made you ask that. I will feel sad. But let's look at the bigger picture, and I can't say this enough: THIS IS NOT A ZERO SUM GAME. Our successes, whoever has the mostest, are a boon to each other. We're in the business of proving that superhero movies aren't just eye-candy (they're eye-TRUFFLES!). People seem intent on setting us against each other, and though I'm proud to be Woody Strode to Nolan's Kirk Douglas, I think they're missing the point. Whatever TDKR does on its first weekend, the only stat that matters to me is the ticket I'M definitely buying. Nolan and Raimi INVENTED the true superhero flick, yo. (Special mention to Jon Favreau and James Gunn.) Happy to be in the mix.
RDA: What does this mean for your upcoming slate of tiny independent films/Internet shenanigans? Will they fall by the wayside?
JW: There may be new ideas realized -- I always leave myself open to that -- but my commitment to Wastelanders and Dr H.2 does not waver. Those stories bubble on my stove.
RDA: And TV?
JW: TV is my great love. To tell stories with that alacrity, intensity, and immediacy... Nothing quite like it. I imagine it's not dissimilar to the feeling great poker players have: "Here's what I got, here's where I'm going... How to trick everybody into thinking I know what I'm doing?" [Full disclosure : Joss hates poker.  They are probably talking about bridge. But it should apply nonetheless.].
RDA: What message would you give fans of "the Lavenders" who are not so familiar with your previous work?
JW: "Cabin In the Woods": still in (some) theaters!
RDA: Is 'the Ravengers" a perfect movie? It did get an A+ cinemascore...
JW: There are very few perfect movies. "The Court Jester", "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", "Godfather" I & II... The list does not go on and on. "The Avengers" is notably IMperfect, which makes its success mean so much more to me -- because it's striking a chord that matters MORE than its obvious flaws. Like the team, it appears to be more than the sun of its parts. Boo-yah!
RDA: What do you feel is the greatest achievement of "the Avoiders"?
JW: Getting "mewling quim" out there to the masses. Also, Hulk.
RDA: Anyone in particular you'd like to thank?
JW: [Reads from notecard]. I couldn't have done this myself. Part of this Saturn Award belongs to Jeremy Latcham, Kevin Feige, and the fine Marvel folk... But the secret ingredient is my closest peeps: J-Mo, who did uncredited punch-up work (carrier battle, yo!), Z-bro, Drew "I am Loki only taller and foppier" Goddard, and Kai, all of whom worked the story with me. Without them (and Jeremy), I'd still be figuring out how the Wasp fits in to this, and where to put Red Hulk.
RDA: What's next for Joss "finally got it right for a change" Whedon?
JW: Can we not call me that?
RDA: Just deal. Whut up?
JW: I really think we should discuss that nickname, but I'm finishing "Much Ado About Nothing" this month. If you liked "the Avengers", you'll love... I can't. It's Shakespeare. And not in the park. I hope it gets watched.
RDA: Any message to your precious "Whedonesk?"
JW: Whedonettes?
RDA: Weeble-eque?
JW: I'm not aware of that group.
RDA: Didn't they know you when?
JW: I'm not sure who you mean. I'm discarding my old fans so I can concentrate on fame, Euro-trash guy-jewelry and my precious "Air Bud" reboot. But, dude, don't print that!
RDA: You have my word.
So, that's our post! Hope you enjoyed it. Hope you'll continue to carry the banner even though other people may have joined the parade. (Kind of gay pride/Newsies vibe: sentence accomplished!) Hope you understand how I feel. Cliff notes: grateful.
"Here's to us. Who's like us? Damn few"
-- Stephen Sondheim, "Merrily We Roll Along".
"It took a dog playing Jai Alai to teach us humanity!"
--Me, in that awesome film I'm gonna make.
-j., 5/9/12
This thread has been closed for new comments.
You need to
About
You need to log in to be able to post comments.About membership
Update: Specific dates and times are from last year, but the general references and links to guides and Amazon are still accurate.
The more popular Christmas films and TV specials —with info on screening times and/or links to info on screening… You can also look up times for these and other shows on the TV Guide website. (And you can read about, and possibly find times for, the cartoon/animated Christmas movies and specials at A Cartoon Christmas.)
ABC Family seems to have gotten hold of many of the more popular Christmas movies and TV shows for its 25 Days of Christmas—particularly those from Disney, which is hardly surprising since that's who owns them.
TCM, likewise, has lined up an array of Christmas screenings—some terrific ones, including the 1951 A Christmas Carol, with Alastair Sim as the definitive Scrooge, Judy Garland in Meet Me in St. Louis (1944), and what is probably my favorite Christmas movie, The Bishop's Wife, with Cary Grant typecast as an angel.
And you can check out CBS Holiday Central for a guide to their offerings. The jewel in the crown is the stop-motion animation classic, Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer. I'll update this if I find more times or remember movies I left out…
A Charlie Brown Christmas — ABC online or on Tuesday, December 18 at 9/8c—a weirdly late time for a show aimed squarely at the “in bed by 9pm” crowd. Though now that I think of it, spot on for the nostalgic viewing crowd of people like me, who are probably the real target audience these days. Certainly the most popular and well-loved of all the Christmas TV specials, and for good reason.
A Christmas Carol (1938) — The Earliest sound version of the Dickens story, and still my favorite film version. Available on Amazon instant video and TimeWarner Cable On Demand.
A Christmas Carol (1951) — TCM on Sunday, December, 16 at 9:30pm. With Alastair Sim in what is probably the definitive Scrooge portrayal; even if you've never seen this movie, you will probably recognize this Scrooge.
A Christmas Carol (1984) — AMC on Sunday, December 16 at 8pm and 10pm. Made for TV version with George C. Scott as Scrooge, considered by many to be one of the best versions.
Disney's A Christmas Carol (2009) — ABC Family on Thursday, December 6 at 8/7c. Animated version with Jim Carrey. Haven't seen it and don't intend to. Also available on Amazon instant video .
A Christmas Story (1983) — TBS for 24 hours, starting on Christmas Eve, 8/7c. A boy wants a BB gun for Christmas. “Somehow usually tasteless director Bob Clark, whose specialty was fairly vile exploitation movies (PORKY'S and the even worse PORKY'S II: THE NEXT DAY), managed to make a totally charming and lovable Christmas film. Based on the short stories of midwestern humorist Jean Shepherd (who also narrates in the first person), A CHRISTMAS STORY is an episodic comedy set in the 1940s about the family life of young Ralphie (Billingsley) as Christmas approaches. The plot loosely revolves around Ralphie's desire for a Red Ryder BB gun for Christmas that their mother (Dillon) has forbidden because she's afraid he'll shoot their eyes out.”
The Bishop's Wife (1947) — TCM on Sunday, December 23 at 8pm and Monday, December 24 at 1pm. Cary Grant, Loretta Young, and David Niven—hard to go wrong with a cast like this. Cary Grant is maybe typecast—as an angel—but they bring restraint as well as charm, and a level of mystery and seriousness, to their performance. One of my favorite Christmas movies.
Die Hard (1988) — HBOe on Monday, December 10 at 10pm and Friday, December 14 at 11:45pm. Weirdly, this has become a Christmas classic. It's set at Christmas, but I somehow feel like there should be more to make a classic than just that, and somehow guns and a high body count don't seem to me in the spirit of the season. But of course it's terrific fun. The Die Hard people knew they were on to a good thing: the second one is set at Christmas as well. Also available through Amazon instant video .
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)— ABC Family on Sunday, December 2 at 7/6c & 9:30/8:30c and again on Monday, December 17 at 7/6c & 9:30/8:30c, and ABC on Tuesday, December 25 at 8:30|7:30c. The remake, and possibly one of the most ill-conceived remarks ever made. What were they thinking?
Doctor Who‘s Christmas special, The Snowmen — BBC America on Christmas Day.
Elf — ABC Family on Sunday, December 2 at 5/4c, and various times after that. Also somehow showing on CBS on Saturday, December 15 at 8pm. With Will Farrell. A bit snarky, but not without warmth and charm. Also available on Amazon instant video .And playing at San Francisco's Castro Theater on Saturday, December 22 at 12:30pm as part of a full day of Christmas fun.
Frosty the Snowman — CBS on Saturday, December 8 at 8pm. With the voice of Jimmy Durante.
Gremlins (1984) — VH1 on Sat, December 15 at 11am and 8pm. Another movie that, like Die Hard, seems to have become something of a “Christmas classic” predominantly by dint of being set at Christmas. Still, more so than with Die Hard there is something about it, beyond the time it takes place, that genuinely connects with Christmas, something about the anarchic destructiveness of the Gremlins, and the way they get wrapped up (forgive the pun) in decorations, destroy presents, etc. It's the flip side of the consumption of Christmas.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix — ABC Family on Saturday, December 8 at 7a/6c. Because of when they were originally released, and because of the wonderful winter sequences in some of the films, the Harry Potter movies have become a common Christmas thing for many people.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince — ABC Family on Saturday, December 8 at 10a/9c.
Holiday Inn (1942) — Doesn't appear to be showing on TV. Bing Crosby starts an inn that only opens on holidays, each time with a special, thematic floor show. Fred Astaire is their best friend. And they're both in love with the same girl. It's not a great movie. The plot is thin, and while I'm fond of Crosby and adore Astaire, neither are at their best here. But the tunes by Irving Berlin are great, and Bing Crosby sings “White Christmas” for the first time. And frankly, when it comes to musicals and Fred Astaire, I'm pretty easy. Also available on Amazon instant video .
Home Alone — ABC Family on Wednesday, December 5 at 7/6c, and various times after that.
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York (1992) — FMC on Friday, December 21 at 12:55pm and Saturday, December 22 at 7:15am (which I think would be a bad way to begin the weekend, but probably would have enjoyed when I was at the Saturday morning cartoon age). Also available on Amazon instant video.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas (1966) — Cartoon Network Sat, December 15 at 5:30pm and Mon, December 17 at 6pm; also available online—The original animated version, with the wonderful narration by Boris Karloff and directed by the great Bugs Bunny director, Chuck Jones. Not the Carrey one, which should never be watched by anyone.
It's a Wonderful Life (1946) — This, too, has got to be showing somewhere, but I haven't found where yet. Available on Amazon instant video and, surprisingly, on YouTube:
Jack Frost (1979) — ABC Family on Tuesday, December 4 at 6:30/5:30c, and various times after that.
Love, Actually (2003) — Cinemax on Sunday, December 2 at 1pm and Thursday, December 13 at 1:20am.
Meet Me In St. Louis (1944) — TCM on Tuesday, December 18 at 10pm and Monday, December 24 at 4:30pm. Judy Garland singing “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas”.
Miracle on 34th Street (1947) — AMC on Sunday, December 9 at 8pm and 10:15pm, and almost every day after that through Christmas Eve. A department store Santa thinks he's the real thing. The original version, a bit overdone at times, but still charming.
Miracle on 34th Street (1994) — ABC Family on Sunday, December 2 at 8:30a/7:30c and Tuesday, December 18 at 5:30pm/4:30c. Another remake that I haven't seen. The colorized version of the original was bad enough.
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation — ABC Family on Monday, December 3 at 8/7c & 10/9c, and various times after that. I haven't seen it, and don't propose to, but it clearly has an audience.
The Polar Express — ABC Family on Wednesday, December 5 at 9/8c, and various times after that. Tom Hanks gives an interesting performance, and it is technically quite impressive. It's not without its touching moments, but overall it feels a bit cold to me. Still, for many people a very good Christmas movie. Also available on Amazon instant video .
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer — CBS on Tuesday, December 4 at 8pm and Friday, December 14 at 8pm.
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and the Island of Misfit Toys — ABC Family on Monday, December 3 at 6:30pm/5:30c.
Santa Claus is Comin' to Town — ABC Family on Friday, December 14 at 8pm/7c.
The Santa Clause — ABC Family on Friday, December 7 at 7/6c, and various times after that. Tim Allen inherits the red suit.
The Santa Clause 2 — ABC Family on Saturday, December 22 at 8pm/7c. The one where they have to marry? Who can keep them straight. I enjoyed them, but we have already established that I am an uncritical, wet hen when it comes to holiday stuff.
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause —ABC Family on Friday, December 7 at 9/8c, and various times after that.
Scrooged (1988) — Not sure where and when this is playing yet, but try to catch it.. An updated version of the Dickens story. With Bill Murray basically being Bill Murray, playing a TV executive who is putting on a Christmas special, but is a real “bah humbug” guy—until they get visited by three spirits. A bit snarky, but not without moments of genuine charm and warmth. Also available on Amazon instant video . And playing at San Francisco's Castro Theater on Saturday, December 22 at 5:30pm as part of a full day of Christmas fun.
The Shop Around The Corner (1940) — TCM on Friday, December 7 at 12am, Sunday, December 16 at 10am, and Monday, December 24 at 8pm. Ernst Lubitsch directs, James Stewart stars. The movie on which the Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan film You've Got Mail was based, but so much better. A romantic comedy, set in Budapest during the holiday season. An absolute gem of a movie.
Singin' In The Rain (1952) — TCM on Monday, December 17 at 2:15pm. Has become a Christmas tradition for many people. It shows at San Francisco's Castro Theater every year and I usually go with as many family, friends and kids as I can get together. This year it will be screening there on Boxing Day, December 26, at 4:45, 7:00, and 9:15pm. A wonderful pick-me-up as the magic (and loot) of Christmas Day starts to fade. Available on Amazon instant video , too, if you're into that sort of thing.
The Sound of Music (1965) — Not sure when this is playing yet, if at all. Available on Amazon instant video . (And catch a sing-along Sound of Music at San Francisco's Castro Theater through Sunday, December 2.)
White Christmas (1954) — AMC on Friday, December 14 at 7pm and 9:45pm, December 15 at 7pm and 9:45pm, and a few more times after that. Bing Crosby and Danny Kaye are a couple of army buddies who become a couple of song and dance men after the war. With a couple of women they're hitting on, they end up at a ski lodge in Vermont, run by their old commander and about to go out of business because of the lack of snow. Isn't that a weird way to synopsize the movie? Accurate though it is, it doesn't exactly capture the point and the pleasures of the movie. And the pleasures are many, and very pleasurable. Danny Kaye's choreography number has nothing to do with the holidays, but is brilliant. Bing Crosby crooning “When I get worried and I can't sleep / I count my blessings instead of sheep” is unexpectedly nice, though Crosby is looking a bit old for their part here. The final number, “White Christmas,” should be a show-stopper, but to my mind suffers from over-production. But the byplay between Kaye and Crosby is a treat and the whole movie has a warmth and charm that, for me, are irresistible. Also available on Amazon instant video .
The Year Wihtout a Santa Claus — ABC Family on Monday, December 10 at 8pm/7c.
Christmas Episodes of Popular TV Shows
That 70s Show — ABC Family is screening a bunch of Christmas episodes from this hit (and charming) series on Friday, December 14, starting at 2pm
Blackadder —
Doctor Who —
"Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."
Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., says a law that attempts to stop banks from becoming too big to fail actually ends up making community banks too small to succeed.
During the first Republican presidential debate, Rubio called for less regulation, lower taxes, and rolling back the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, passed in the wake of the financial crisis in 2010.
"We need to repeal Dodd-Frank. It is eviscerating small businesses and small banks," they said on Aug. 6, 2015, to applause. "Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."
Rubio's comment is a new version of an old Republican talking point, so we wanted to take a look.
A spokesperson for Rubio referred us to a March 2015 brief by the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond that noted a 41 percent decline in small banks between 2007 and 2013. But that's a smaller category -- not small and mid-size, as Rubio said -- and it starts counting before Dodd-Frank became law.
If we focus on the time frame they give, 2010 to now, Rubio's figure is overstated. Since 2010, the decline in their numbers is less than half of what Rubio said -- estimates range from 12 percent to 16 percent. Still, regulators say that's not the full picture, and experts contend that a host of factors other than Dodd-Frank are at play.
A 30-year trend
First, let's note that Dodd-Frank was billed as a safeguard against another financial crisis -- "the most far reaching Wall Street reform in history," touts the White House -- and its regulations largely target big banks. So how did mom-and-pop bankers get hit in the crossfire?
To understand the shift, we have to look decades before Rubio's time frame. The number of banks actually began to dwindle in the 1980s, as seen in a chart from the Federal Bank of St. Louis:
The heart of the matter is why the numbers are going down. According to a 2012 Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. report, the majority of the loss comes from consolidation, not closures. In other words, banks were not so much collapsing for good as folding into other banks.
This was possible thanks to a slew of laws passed in the 1980s and 1990s that chipped away barriers in banking across communities and state borders (the U.S. Government Accountability Office points to, for example, the Riegle-Neal Act of 1994 and the Credit Union Membership Access Act of 1998).
So big banks grew bigger, but that doesn't mean all small banks disappeared. Community banks of different sizes have been subject to different trends.
From 1985 to 2013, the number of the smallest institutions has declined dramatically (85 percent to be exact). But mid-size and large community banks have remained relatively stable since 2010 (and have increased, albeit incrementally, since 1985).
Here are two FDIC charts from a 2014 report to that point:
Two-thirds of failed or voluntarily closed community banks are actually acquired by other community banks, according to the FDIC. The result: fewer, but larger community banks. Their goal: to achieve "economies of scale" (cost advantages gained when spreading out expenses over more revenue), says the U.S. Government Accountability Office.
So community banks have an incentive to grow bigger, because they then get more bang for their buck, explains Joe Rizzi, a banking consultant and American Banker columnist.
Dodd-Frank's impact
As for how Dodd-Frank plays into all of this, there's really no consensus.
According to a February 2015 report by the Harvard Kennedy School, "Dodd-Frank exacerbated the pre-existing trend of banking consolidation by piling up regulatory costs" on community banks.
"It gets so expensive. The people who can really afford the experts and the simple costs are the larger banks," report co-author Marshall Lux told PolitiFact. "The larger banks are ironically protected from other people entering the market."
Rizzi emphasized that the decline in the number of community banks came well before 2010. They attribute the change, instead, to the 30-year consolidation trend as well as the FDIC changing its policies on new banks in 2009. Moreover, they contend that fewer small community banks isn't necessarily a bad thing.
"It's a healthy development. It is better to have fewer sub-scale weak institutions and stronger banks," they said.
Lux and their co-author Robert Greene, however, envision a domino's effect that mostly hits rural and densely populated communities.
"There's a difference between market-driven consolidation and regulatory-driven consolidation. That leaves gaps. It's not like a competitor is filling the void," Greene said.
"The community banks consolidate into mini-regionals and God knows, you're then worried about the big banks swallowing those up," added Lux.
Back to Rubio
Despite their disagreement on Dodd-Frank's culpability, no one backed Rubio's claim or their call to repeal the law. Lux, whose report was also cited by Rubio's campaign, told the Washington Post's Fact-Checker that the senator is "simply wrong."
Rizzi put it more harshly: "Trying to blame Dodd-Frank for the ‘decline' -- I call it change -- in number of community banks is fantasy. Trying to maintain the number and size of community banks is nostalgia. George Bailey (It's a Wonderful Life) is dead -- let them rest in peace."
Lux, for their part, advocated for reform rather than a complete overhaul of Dodd-Frank. After all, the law's primary goal is to tackle "too big to fail."
Our ruling
Rubio said, "Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed."
Rubio's figure is overstated for the time frame they give. The highest estimate we found shows a 16 percent decline in the past five years -- less than half of what they said. The trend Rubio describes began decades before Dodd-Frank became law in 2010. Even then, experts say a host of factors other than Dodd-Frank are at play.
We rate their claim Mostly False.
Gov. Jerry Brown persistently cautions Californians that their pulsating economy cannot last forever.
When, for example, they unveiled a revised state budget last May, they included what has become boilerplate, warning that “by the time the budget is enacted in June, the economy will have finished its eighth year of expansion – only two years shorter than the longest recovery since World War II. A recession at some point is inevitable.”
Related Articles Walters: Four Democratic candidates want more spending, but not more taxes?
Walters: Weinstein sex scandal reverberates in California's Capitol
Walters: New state anti-gun laws include a real puzzler
Walters: California's opioid crisis needs tougher response
Walters: California Democrats don't like gerrymandering? But they were so good at it
Walters: Half-a-loaf ‘solutions' consume energy, fall short Of course it is, but Brown probably hopes it occurs after he's handed over the keys to the Capitol's corner office to their successor 14 months hence. A downturn would probably result in a major budget crisis, given that under Brown, the state budget has become even more dependent on very volatile taxes from a relative handful of high-income taxpayers.
Meanwhile, however, the state's $2.6 trillion economy continues to hum along, outpacing the nation as a whole and solidifying California's high position in global economic rankings.
Unemployment, around 5 percent of the labor force, is at an historic low level – so low, in fact, that the state is seeing serious labor shortages in some sectors. One leading economist, Christopher Thornberg of Beacon Economics, remarked in a recent report, “The modest growth in the state's labor force indicates employers are finding it increasingly difficult to attract candidates to fill skilled positions and the lack of available housing in many parts of the state is making it difficult to fill lower-wage positions.”
One example of the latter is to be found in agriculture. During this harvest season, farmers are reporting severe shortages of field labor, thanks to competition for workers from other, higher-paying sectors such as construction, the inability of migrant workers to find affordable housing near the jobs, and President Donald Trump's crackdown on illegal immigration.
Get tech news in your inbox weekday mornings. Sign up for the free Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter.
As Thornberg implies, the state's severe housing shortage – and therefore sky-high housing costs – are a potential threat to the state's overall prosperity. The state is falling about 80,000 units short of its annual need for new housing.
Moreover, those same housing costs create another dislocation. Despite its strong overall economy, California also has the nation's worst functional poverty, creating what Antonio Villaraigosa, one of the leading candidates to be Brown's successor, calls “two Californias” – one enjoying the California lifestyle, the other mired in structural poverty.
Last month, the Census Bureau published its annual data on poverty, revealing that once again, by a “supplemental measure” that takes housing and other costs of living into account, California had the highest rate of any state, 20.4 percent, in 2016.
That translates into nearly 8 million Californians who lack enough income to meet their basic needs.
Using similar methodology, the Public Policy Institute of California says 19.5 percent of Californians fell below the income level needed “to meet basic needs,” about $30,000 a year for a family of four in 2015 with Los Angeles County having the highest rate of 24.9 percent.
Even more alarming, PPIC calculates that the state's functional poverty rate doubles to 38.7 percent when those in “near-poverty” are included.
While the strong economy of recent years has dropped those rates by a few points, they are still embarrassingly high and were the recession that Brown fears materialize, they would spike upwards again.
“The next governor will have to do a lot more about poverty,” Villaraigosa said during a recent forum with their fellow candidates.
No kidding.
The repeal push is motivated by several factors. Many Republicans in Congress want to undo whatever former President Barack Obama did. Some want to cap Medicaid spending. Others want to deliver a tax cut.
But the chief motivating factor is the desire to deliver on their campaign promise to the base to repeal "Obamacare," despite the problems with the legislation documented so thoroughly by the Congressional Budget Office. So it seems highly relevant to know where the base actually stands on the Republican replacement plan.
Consider these findings from our most recent June Kaiser Tracking Poll:
55% of President Trump's supporters still support the Republican replacement plan, but, as the chart shows, that number is down a notable 14 percentage points from May.
Trump supporters still want Trump and Republicans to keep working on a plan to repeal and replace the ACA (75%). But only 8% cite it as the most important priority for them, similar to the share of the public at large.
Less than half of Trump supporters — 44% — say they'd be less likely to support a member of Congress who votes against the bill.
Why it matters: Republicans have been single mindedly focused on their base because they know that only the most dedicated slivers of the electorate come out to vote in midterm elections. These data show that Trump voter intensity on the replacement plan has fallen. The polling data are similar if you look at Republican voters overall, rather than Trump voters.
If the intensity continues to fall, it could diminish this expected turnout. At a minimum, it could make repeal a less effective tool to whip up turnout in the base.
What we don't know: The vote, whenever it happens, could significantly affect the base in directions that are difficult to predict. So could the impact of the law itself if it passes. The CBO predicts that premiums and deductibles in the non-group market will begin to rise sharply and quickly, and Trump voters will be among the groups affected.
It is possible, therefore, that the immediate Republican victory lap that would come from passing repeal could end as Trump voters start to pay their health care bills.
Welcome
This site supports the development of coding standards for commonly used programming languages such as C, C++, Java, and Perl, and the Android™ platform. These standards are developed through a broad-based community effort by members of the software development and software security communities.
For more information about this project and to see tips on how to contribute, please see the Development Guidelines.
Downloads
Standards Development Area
The following development areas enable you to learn about and contribute to secure coding standards for commonly used programming languages C, C++, Java, and Perl. Contact us to comment on existing items, submit recommendations, or request privileges to directly edit content on this site.
The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.
Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
Sen. Patty Murray has been re-elected to a fourth term.
The incumbent picked up a net gain over Republican Dino Rossi of more than 25,000 votes from King County Thursday afternoon, almost doubling their statewide lead .
Rossi conceded shortly after the results were posted.
“This evening, I called Senator Murray to offer my congratulations on their re-election to the U.S. Senate,” they said in a statement. “I ran for the Senate because I believe we need a basic course correction from where Washington, D.C. has been taking us and to make sure this country is as free, as strong and as prosperous in the future as it has been in the past to preserve the best of America for future generations.”
The Associated Press and The Seattle Times both called the race for Muray. Them win cushions the Democrats' advantage in the Senate, giving them 51 members and two independents who caucus with them. The GOP retook the House this week.
The incumbent now leads Rossi by about 46,000 votes out of 1.8 million cast. After Wednesday's tally, Murray led Rossi by 27,436 votes out of about 1.62 million counted statewide. After Tuesday's first count, that lead had been just 14,005 votes out of 1,430,787.
Murray was besting Rossi 309,877 votes to 178,725 in King County. Every day, the margins for Murray in the state's largest county have improved. She's now taking more than 63 percent of the vote in King; on Election Night that number was just over 62 percent.
In King County, Murray's advantage over Rossi is now 131,152 votes. As of Wednesday, it was 105,639 – a pickup of 25,513 votes.
Election officials had figured that about 2.4 million total votes would be cast in Washington, but that was an estimate. Best on pre-election estimates, there are likely more than 200,000 ballots left to be counted in King County.
Date: 13 July 2013
Serious Incident to Boeing 787-8, ET-AOP,
at London Heathrow Airport on 12 July 2013
Date & Time: 12 July 2013 at approx 1550 hrs UTC
Location: London Heathrow Airport
Aircraft Type: Boeing 787-8
Operator: Ethiopian Airlines
At approximately 1550 hrs UTC on 12 July 2013 a Boeing 787-8 of Ethiopian Airlines, registration ET-AOP, suffered an event at London Heathrow whilst the aircraft was parked on stand, with no persons on board. The initial witness and physical evidence shows that this event resulted in smoke throughout the fuselage and extensive heat damage in the upper portion of the rear fuselage.
In exercise of their powers the Chief Inspector of the Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) has ordered that an investigation into this serious incident be carried out, in accordance with the Civil Aviation (Investigation of Air Accidents and Incidents) Regulations 1996 and the Standards and Recommended Practices of Annex 13 of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). The sole objective of the investigation is to determine the causal and contributory factors of this serious incident, with the intention of preventing a recurrence. It is not the purpose to apportion blame or liability.
In accordance with these international standards and recommended practices, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB), USA, representing the State of Design and Manufacture, and the Civil Aviation Authority of Ethiopia, representing the State of Registry and Operator, have been invited to appoint Accredited Representatives to participate in the investigation, along with advisors from the Federal Aviation Administration, Boeing Commercial Airplanes and Ethiopian Airlines. The AAIB has also invited the participation of the EASA (European Aviation Safety Agency) and the UK CAA (Civil Aviation Authority) as advisors to the investigation.
This team, under the direction of the AAIB, has initiated the technical investigation into the event. The aircraft is currently located in a hangar at London Heathrow. There has been extensive heat damage in the upper portion of the rear fuselage, a complex part of the aircraft, and the initial investigation is likely to take several days. However, it is clear that this heat damage is remote from the area in which the aircraft main and APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) batteries are located, and, at this stage, there is no evidence of a direct causal relationship. This team, under the direction of the AAIB, has initiated the technical investigation into the event. The aircraft is currently located in a hangar at London Heathrow. There has been extensive heat damage in the upper portion of the rear fuselage, a complex part of the aircraft, and the initial investigation is likely to take several days. However, it is clear that this heat damage is remote from the area in which the aircraft main and APU (Auxiliary Power Unit) batteries are located, and, at this stage, there is no evidence of a direct causal relationship.
The UK's Air Accident Investigation Branch sent out a press release essentially exonerating the 787 lithium-ion batteries in the smoke/heat/fire incident at Heathrow yesterday. The aircraft was pulled into a remote hangar where investigators will try and understand what happened and why.Thus far there has been a lot of speculation but we do know that there was smoke throughout the cabin and heat damage in the rear crown area. The Ethiopian Dreamliner was not equipped with a crew rest area nor where there air conditioning pack in the area of the fire. There has been speculation that this fire may have been intentionally set and even though the chances are highly remote it has not been discounted.I do think that the AAIB along with the NTSB and FAA should be able to get to the how and why within a few weeks. In the meantime, 787 customers including Ethiopian continue to operate the 787 and Boeing continues production and flight testing.Here is the text of the AAIB's July 13th press release:
Preface:
Let me just get this out. I think bananas are the perfect fruit. They're almost like cheating when it comes to actual fruits, which is actually saying something. Yellow, simple, slightly gross because of its little stringy fibers that no one likes, the banana provides insight into a world full of potassium that all of us can enjoy and love. So today, I'll be trying to review it based on its utility and overall taste.
Utility:
What…what is a banana? What makes it unique? Where does it come from? Well, very invested and inquisitive figment of imagination I made up for the purpose of furthering content, this is a banana:
“BUT THAT LOOKS HARD TO EAT??? IT HAS SOME WEIRD YELLOW SHELL THING, HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY GET INSIDE IT?”
Alas, that is the beauty of it. Many people take the stem (the little elongated part) and rip down, revealing that you can, gasp, peel the banana, with relatively little to no strength required. It's almost beautiful. You're not gonna find that garbage with oranges, pears, or apples. For those fruits, you have to WORK to get the skin off. This is practically Nature's “Screw it, you did a lot, you deserve this.” The banana in of itself is a ridiculously easy fruit, able to be put with nearly any dessert, and chopped in any fashion, plus the whole opening the fruit up thing is a plus.
Cool cool, the packaging is pretty neat, whoever designed it must've been a genius. But what about convenience? Why should I like this fruit? First of all, look at it. It's so goofy. It's just a long piece of potassium. I'd eat it. Second, look how convenient it is. Notice how its design is almost meant for gripping with a hand, and with its relatively non cumbersome size, it can fit in any pocket or any space with relative ease (Don't think if you sick bastard. This review is child friendly).
The only relatively hard thing about bananas is the means of acquiring them.
You probably don't work for a banana gathering firm (WHICH I BELIEVE EXCLUSIVELY COMPLETELY EXISTS), but it must be a complete pain to reach up there near the alien parasite looking flower and grab them in bunches. But the banana says, “Nah man, you're already trying this hard to get me, i'll just make it easier” to which it then provides itself in abundance and in bunches.
What a swell guy. It makes supplying the fruits easy to DOLE out. The banana industry is actually fascinating, you should Chiquita it out. I'll stop now.
Rate 7/10.
The Taste:
Personally, I think bananas are great. They're a nice balance between being acidic and not acidic (LOOKING AT YOU STRAWBERRIES.)
Actually, let me digress for a second. I am totally not a fan of strawberries. Honestly? I think they're gross. They're watery and have this weird bland/sharp acidic taste and burn the ever loving hell out of my throat. They're also like, so needy. The stem is edible but tastes like ass, so you have to manually remove it, and that's ANOTHER inconvenience in life, also, have you ever seen a seedless strawberry? That stuff is nightmares.
My crippling trypophobia aside, have YOU EVER SEEN A STRAWBERRY GROW?
Bananas like to only be gross by having a relatively short lifespan by growing a bunch of brown spots when you blink. Like, they will not hesitate to become mushy. Nonetheless, they have a slightly terrible taste when you leave them out for a while, they start to taste alcoholic, like they're practically FERMENTING. Gross stuff, but while they're in their prime, they taste delicious, unless you're eating them while they're still green and they're all hard and gross and yuck.
Rate: 6/10
Conclusion:
I like bananas, and I definitely hate strawberries. The banana provides plenty of things that many other fruits don't. You want to get the ENTIRE skinned fruit with pretty much less than 4 motions? The banana provides. You want a lot of potassium after a workout? The banana provides. You want to impress your friends with how lame your jokes are by pretending the banana is a gun/phone? THE BANANA PROVIDES. The only downside is that they completely suck to harvest. So, godspeed and eat a lot. Also, fun fact, eating 30 in less than a minute will kill you due to potassium overload. Isn't it nice that you're not safe from anything?
Rate: 7/10
The Annoyance Test:
Ok…ok the banana isn't that bad I just took a bite and OH M GOD WHAT IS THAT FEELING EW WHAT KIND OF SNAKE IS IN MY MOUTH I CAN'T BELIEVE IT IS A
oh it's one of those gross little fibers…..
Ew.
Rate: 6/10
Once-vibrant Hong Kong is teetering on the brink of recession.
Hong Kong's economy contracted by 0.4% in the first quarter compared to the quarter before, the largest contraction since 2011. It grew by 0.8% compared to a year earlier, falling short of the median 1.7% rise forecast by five economists polled by The Wall Street Journal.
As a smaller economy dependent on mainland China, more-open Hong Kong provides a good gauge of growth in the world's second-largest economy, where data often paints a hazy picture of growth.
“While the market still wonders whether China was indeed growing at 6.7% year-on-year in 1Q16 [the first quarter], it should simply look at the situation in Hong Kong to determine how China is doing and what level of growth we should be assuming for the country,” said Kevin Lai, economist at Daiwa Capital Markets.
The worst is yet to come in Hong Kong, say several economists, as key parts of the economy remain weak. Many released recession calls on the city's economy Monday. A recession is two consecutive quarters of GDP contraction.
Consumers are hardly spending, exports are sluggish, and the property market is undergoing a prolonged correction.
Crowds in the city's heavily air-conditioned malls, once filled with mainland Chinese shoppers, are thinning and retailers are racking up losses as a result. Last week, luxury jeweler Chow Tai Fook said profits for the year ended March will decline by 40-50% on year. The week before that, cosmetic retailer Sa Sa said profit will drop by more than 50% due to low sales. Domestic private consumption, which makes up about two-thirds of Hong Kong's GDP, rose just 1.1% year over year during the first quarter--down from a 2.7% expansion in the fourth quarter last year.
Hong Kong's port, once the world's busiest, has unloaded less cargo in the past few years as ships bypass it for mainland Chinese ports. Total exports of goods fell 3.6% in the first quarter in the city from a year ago, widening from a 0.5% decline in the previous quarter.
A general view of the business district of Wanchai in Hong Kong, China, April 5, 2016. Photo: European Pressphoto Agency
Home prices have fallen more than 10% since their peak last September and transactions are faltering as both buyers and sellers take a wait-and-see attitude. Interest rates and the supply of homes both are set to rise. The number of home sales transactions in the first four months of this year fell by more than 50% compared to the same period last year, according to the Hong Kong Land Registry.
The looming Federal Reserve interest rate hike will be a “major headwind,” said research house Capital Economics. The Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar and interest rates track those in the U.S. Tighter monetary conditions will weigh on consumption, property and investment growth further, the research house says. The Hang Seng Index is regaining some footing after plunging more than 16% to a four-year low in the first two months of the year.
Looking forward, stabilization in mainland China, faster growth in the U.S., and the Hong Kong government's increased public spending should provide some relief, said HSBC economist Julia Wang. The Hong Kong government is keeping its forecast for 1-2% growth in 2016, down from 2.4% growth in 2015. But not everyone is so sanguine: Capital Economics forecasts 1% growth, Nomura has slashed its forecast for 2016 growth to 0.8%, and Daiwa has lowered its growth prediction to a mere 0.4% for this year.
--Anjie Zheng and Chester Yung. Follow Anjie on Twitter @anjiezheng and Chester @chester_yung.
The House of Lords has stepped up its efforts to make Christopher Monckton – climate sceptic and deputy leader of the UK Independence party (Ukip) – desist in their repeated claims that they are a member of the upper house. The push comes as Buckingham palace has also been drawn into the affair over their use of a logo similar to parliament's famous portcullis emblem.
Last month, Michael Pownall, clerk of the parliaments, wrote to Lord Monckton, a hereditary peer, stressing that they should not refer to themselves as a member of the House of Lords, and nor should they use any emblem representing the portcullis.
Official logo of the House of Lords (left) and that used by Christopher Monckton (right)
In a letter seen by the Guardian, Monckton replied this week to Pownall stating that "the House of Lords Act 1999, which purported to exclude hereditary peers from membership of the House of Lords, is defective". Monckton argued that the act, which debarred all but 92 of the 650 hereditary peers, removed the right to sit or vote in the upper house, but did not remove membership because peerages are granted by "letters patent" which are a personal gift of the monarch. Monckton claimed in the letter that "only a specific law can annul a grant. The 1999 act was a general law."
The House of Lords said today it strongly rejects Monckton's interpretation. A spokesperson said: "Lord Monckton is not and never has been a member of the House of Lords. The clerk of the parliaments has written to Lord Monckton, confirming that they have no association with the House and advising them to stop branding themselves as such." They said Monckton's claim that the 1999 act was a general law was "misleading".
"The 1999 act does not remove letters patent, it just ends the right to be a member of the House by virtue of the hereditary peerage. The Act is pretty clear and uses the term 'membership' not the 'right to sit/vote'," they added.
The Guardian has learned that Pownall is now also seeking advice from the Lord Chamberlain, a key officer in the royal household, on the potential misuse of the portcullis emblem due to it being the property of the Queen.
Monckton argues their use of the portcullis emblem, which has appeared on their letterheads and lecture presentations, does not breach any rules: "My logo is not a registered badge of parliament, and is plainly distinct from parliament's badge in numerous material respects. The Lords do not use the portcullis at all on their notepaper: they use the Royal Arms within an elliptical cartouche."
A House of Lords spokesperson said: "The emblem is property of the Queen, and Parliament has a Royal Licence granted for its use. Any misuse of the emblem by either members or non-members breaches this licence, and if a person refuses to stop using it the matter is drawn to the attention of the Lord Chamberlain, who is an Officer of the Royal Household. The Lord Chamberlain has been contacted regarding Lord Monckton's use of the emblem, and it will fall to them to follow up on any misuse of the emblem."
The spokesperson added: "If, following the correspondence, Lord Monckton continues to claim to be a member of the House then the House authorities would need to consider and assess what options are available to them."
Buckingham Palace confirmed it is "aware of this matter", but said it "can not disclose any details on private correspondence between Buckingham Palace and an individual". It did, though, guide the Guardian towards a document on its website which says misuse of the emblem is prohibited by the Trade Marks Act 1994, meaning Monckton could potentially be liable for fines and a six-month prison term if the Palace pursued the matter and successfully prosecuted him.
Monckton said they have yet to receive any correspondence from the Lord Chamberlain.
Monckton, a former Conservative party policy adviser who joined UKIP last year, has attracted repeated criticism for their claims that they are a member of the Lords. In May, when giving witness testimony upon the invitation of House Republicans to the US select committee on energy independence and global warming, Monckton was mocked by a Democratic member of congress when asked whether they had ever served in the House of Lords. This followed an appearance at a congressional energy and commerce committee hearing in 2009 when Monckton began their testimony: "I bring fraternal greetings from the Mother of Parliaments to the Congress of your 'athletic democracy'."
In June, following the death of Viscount Colville of Culross, Monckton, as a qualifying hereditary peer, put their name forward as a candidate at the resulting byelection to find the replacement elected peer. However, they failed to secure a single vote among the 29 crossbench hereditary peers eligible to vote.
If you're like us, you've been looking forward to the release of Amazon's new c4 instance type ever since it was pre-announced in November—and today, the wait is over. Now that the latest generation of compute-optimized instances has arrived, it's time to decide: are the c4's bump in power worth the bump in price?
The price of efficiency
C4 instances run on Intel Xeon E5-2666 v3 processors, specifically designed by Intel for running EC2. They've got the highest performing processors in EC2; however, they're also more expensive.
These custom processors allow for an improved price/compute performance over c3, but come at a 10% increase in cost (when comparing c3.2xlarge to c4.2xlarge). Whether they're worth the 10% bump will depend on two things: how much you save on EBS Optimization, which is enabled at no extra charge for all c4 instances, and how the improved performance impacts your workload efficiency.
If you're paying a lot for EBS Optimization on c3, a change to c4 might represent a source of hidden savings that would help to justify the move. You might also find that the improved performance allows you to run more workloads and increase your output accordingly; if the ability to do so will make you more money than the bump in price will cost you, then changing from c3 to c4 makes sense.
One way to determine the precise impact that the improved compute performance will have is by trying it. You can do so by spinning up a c4 instance and running an equal workload to one of your c3s, then comparing output.
Aside from the improved compute performance, c4 instances only differ from c3 in memory and storage options. C4 offers a 11% increase in ECU and is EBS only, whereas c3 uses SSD.
Making the jump
If you determine that moving to c4 will be a cost-effective change, you'll want to ensure that you time the move right. It can be tempting to go all-in right off the bat, but such a drastic change has its own cost implications—and can easily endanger any savings you might garner from c4's improved price/compute rate.
As a more moderate route, you can phase in c4 instances as you start new projects or rotate your infrastructure. But if you're averse to waiting that long, just be sure to calculate your gains/losses accordingly.
Share. That's the way it seems. Sort of. That's the way it seems. Sort of.
Final Fantasy X and X-2 HD – coming later this year to PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita – are a couple of eagerly-anticipated HD remakes of what many consider to be some of PlayStation 2's best JRPGs. And according to Siliconera, the game's set to get a new ending sequence.
News comes by way of famous weekly Japanese magazine Shonen Jump, which claims that the two HD games “will have a new 30-minute-long drama that will play during the compilation's credits sequence.”
Exit Theatre Mode
The new half-hour tidbit is purportedly written by Kazushige Nojima, the writer behind both Final Fantasy X and X-2 (as well as a writer who worked on the likes of Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy VIII, and the upcoming Final Fantasy XV). The sequence will also contain newly-recorded voice acting.
Keep an eye out for Final Fantasy X HD and Final Fantasy X-2 HD later in 2013.
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow them on Twitter and IGN and learn just how sad the life of a New York Islanders and New York Jets fan can be.
Inflammation after an injury is the body's way of trying to stabilize the injury. The swelling is the body trying to pump blood and nutrients to the injured area and also draw away the “bad blood”, etc. Ice slows down blood flow, slows down movement, and really preserves things. Dr. Starrett says “In Eastern and Chinese medicine they use ice for dead things, to preserve it”. We are not a corpse so do we need preservation? So does ice heal or preserve the swelling?
Dr. Starrett uses a great example to help with the paradigm shift. They say “if you are driving a car and want to stop it, you can turn the ignition off, and it will stop, but it will also lock up. You'll only be able to stop the car by turning off the ignition a few times before something bad happens. It works at times but it's not a good option”. So icing may numb/stop pain like turning the car off to stop it, but it's not really a good option.
“There are only a few options to remove swelling, time, or if you want to go faster you will have to use other options” says Starrett. Numbing (with ice) actually reduces circulation so good blood is not able to get to the injured area to begin the repair. “The numbing effect by the ice also cuts off the connection from the brain, and thus preventing the recovery or the brain's ability to send hormones to help with the healing process” notes Starrett. Ice numbs as do drugs/medications. Starrett tells us that both ice and pain pills cut off pain but aren't healing. Swelling is part of the healing process as we noted, the need is to then move the waste out. Dr. Starrett calls it “groceries in and garbage out” (with the new blood and nutrients getting to the injury, and the waste needing to flush/ moving out).
Dr. Starrett asked us a question. “When you ice does it get into the joints? No? Why do you ice for 20min, what is it that makes that the timeline? Is it based on any scientific fact? How cool do you need to get the injured area? We don't take the temperature of the area we are icing to see if it's reached some desired temperature. Why? What is it all based on?”
Ponder those questions on icing!
Dr. Starrett says we seek to remove the swelling so to promote function. By that we mean we are getting the blood moving, we are getting motion and movement back and we are getting back to where we could move like before (function). There is only one way to flush that swelling out and that is through the Lymphatic System(the body's system of tissues and organs that help the body remove waste, toxins, and other unwanted things from the body). That occurs with time or compression.
Now if you can get a Mark Pro that is a great way to get muscle contraction and compression to get the swelling moving through the Lymphatic System, but it's a pricey tool. Using the Voodoo Floss is a quick and easy way to reduce swelling and to help flush out the waste. The Voodoo Floss is a thin, very stretchable rubber band that can be tied/wrapped around swelling and force the waste/toxin to start moving out through the lymphatic system. Dr. Starrett suggests that every trainer have one, and that every athlete keep on in their kit bag. It's cheap and easy to use.
The senior figures that met Agag during last month's Monaco ePrix were Porsche CEO Oliver Blume, Porsche board member Michael Steiner and Andreas Seidl, the current team principal and technical boss of the Weissach marque's LMP1 team.
Formula E is known to be firmly on Porsche's future motorsport strategy radar, and an entry as soon as season five in 2018-19 could be made a reality.
Porsche has long since been linked to a potential Formula E campaign, with Motorsport.com revealing its interest in the all-electric series and in particular its battery deal last September.
In addition to the Monaco meeting, further Porsche staff members attended the Berlin ePrix last weekend to talk about additional parameters for an entry in the near future.
"We received an invitation [to Monaco] from Alejandro Agag to have a look and experience Formula E for the first time,” Seidl told Motorsport.com at Le Mans.
“We just had an invitation to an interesting series, though maybe there are not enough technical freedoms yet.”
Like many manufacturers, Porsche has been monitoring Formula E carefully, especially since the second season in 2015/16.
The likelihood of a direct involvement is believed to have accelerated in recent months, ever since it was confirmed that Formula E would stick to its plan to switch to one-car races in season five.
Last year, Porsche showed significant interest in the spec battery tender, which will see the series do away with the current two-car format in races from 2018/19.
McLaren Applied Technologies won the tender, which will be delivered in conjunction with the US-based Lucid Motors company, which specialises in automotive battery technology.
Porsche refutes LMP1 quit reports
Recent reports in German magazine Motorsport Aktuell have suggested that Porsche's current LMP1 programme could be curtailed at the end of the 2017 season.
Porsche's initial project in the FIA World Endurance Championship was for five years, with three seasons of racing covering 2014-16 after two initial test and development years.
This was extended to cover 2017 and ‘18 in August of 2015, and Seidl insisted there was “no news” from the board when asked by Motorsport.com, saying Porsche remains “committed”.
A final decision on the German manufacturer's future is expected to be made public later this year.
The claim: Pay this decade is growing at its slowest rate since Napoleonic times.
Reality Check verdict: Earnings figures from the 1800s are a bit sketchy. If you are considering any 10-year period then based on the best figures we there have been two examples of worse wage growth. It is striking that the previous examples were all at times of major conflict.
The Scottish National Party (SNP) MP Mhairi Black made this eye-catching claim in the debate in Parliament about universal credit.
The claim that pay growth in the UK is at its worst since Napoleonic times was originally made by the the Resolution Foundation.
It used forecasts that average earnings adjusted for inflation in the current decade will turn out to be about 1% below their level in the 2000s.
Using long-term figures for average earnings from the Bank of England it then concluded that wage growth over a decade has not been so negative since the height of the Napoleonic Wars in the early 19th Century.
You may be wondering how they were collecting average-earnings figures back then. Clearly, they are not as accurate as the pay figures published nowadays by the Office for National Statistics, but considerable thought and effort has gone into collecting them, and they are the best available for the time.
"The early figures are based mainly on the earnings of building workers and agricultural workers, broken down by skill levels, collected from the records of institutions such as hospitals and schools that kept accounts," according to Stephen Broadberry, professor of economic history at Oxford University.
Greg Clark, visiting professor at the LSE's department of economic history, who collected many of these figures, confirms that the current decade is indeed worse than any since 1800 in terms of real-wage declines.
But they add that if you take any 10-year period since then (instead of just looking at whole decades such as the 1820s or 1940s) you come up with two others that were worse for workers than the current decade is predicted to be: 1907 to 1917 and 1935 to 1945.
"It's only in war periods that real wages declined anything like they have been declining in the current decade," they say.
We're considering pay adjusted for inflation, so bad harvests in 1800 and 1801 and the Napoleonic Wars cutting off food imports, as well as forcing the government to raise taxes, all raised prices and meant wages were not going as far.
Another way of looking at the long-term real-wages figures is to look at the absolute level rather than the growth rate (taken from chart A48 on this link) which makes it clear how much wages have gone up since the late 18th Century, but also highlights how unusual the past 10 years have been.
Read more from Reality Check
Follow us on Twitter
After a messy mix of precipitation this morning, the snow appears to be transitioning to rain in Toronto. And on the bright (but not sunny) side, Environment Canada ended its special weather statement for Toronto at 3 p.m. Other parts of the GTA, including Mississauga, Brampton, Halton Hills, Milton, Burlington and Oakville, are also relieved of the weather statement.
A cyclist braves the wintery weather during a snow storm in the west end. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
Today's cocktail of snow, ice pellets, freezing rain and rain hit hardest between 9 a.m. and noon. Winston Chiu walked five minutes to buy bread and “felt like daggers were being thrown” at theirs face.
Article Continued Below
“It's probably one of the worst days of the year,” they added.
Jose Bermudez, a financial analyst, opted to work from a nearby coffee shop rather than trek to their company's offices in Brampton. “This place was one minute away, I wouldn't have gone much further,” they said from the comfort of a Second Cup store near Yonge St. “But it's actually not that bad. I was expecting it to be way worse. I thought there would be a lot more snow. “This is nothing compared to what [the weather] we had last year.” Just before noon, Environment Canada issued an updated freezing rain warning for Newmarket, Georgina, Northern York Region, Vaughan, Richmond Hill, and Markham.
A construction sign puts today's weather into perspective along Queen St. East in the Beaches. ( Keith Beaty )
“It's probably going to be another hour or two where there is a possibility in the northern parts of the GTA that some of this may still be falling as freezing rain,” said Environment Canada meteorologist Geoff Coulson. “As we get towards early afternoon, the temperature is going to get above the freezing mark, and we're expecting that messy mix to change to over to rain this afternoon.”
Article Continued Below
Coulson said the rainfall is expected to be heavy at times, which could lead to ponding and slick conditions on roadways as we approach the evening rush hour. The snow and ice pellets will transition into heavy rain in the afternoon as temperatures pop up to a high of 2 C. Though any accumulation on the ground will quickly dissipate into soggy slush, don't get too comfortable on your evening commute home.
Wet snow begins falling in downtown Toronto Wednesday morning ahead of predicted sloppy weather for the day, mixing snow, ice pellets, freezing rain and rain. ( Alfred Holden )
All school buses have been cancelled for York Catholic and York Region district school boards. Peel and Dufferin-Peel school boards have also cancelled all school buses to schools in Caledon, while Halton Catholic district school board has cancelled buses for schools north of Steeles. Several flights at Pearson airport — mostly arriving from or bound for eastern Canada and the northern United States — have already been cancelled. The TTC and GO Transit are operating on schedule, with service disruptions popping up and clearing as the storm evolves. GO Transit is warning that several of its lines could be affected by the inclement weather. At around 9:30 a.m., the TTC called in shuttle buses after an overhead power outage on the 506 Carlton streetcar route. Traffic on the Yonge-University subway was also compounded earlier Wednesday morning when service was briefly held on Line 1 between Spadina and Union stations due to a personal injury call. The city began applying salt brine to the roads overnight in anticipation of slick conditions and salters and snow plows are on hand as needed throughout the day. But as always, drivers are urged to take extra caution on icy roads. York Regional Police had a busy morning responding to 30 motor vehicle collision calls between 6:30 a.m. and 10:30 a.m., according to a Twitter post. Cold Arctic air swooping in during the evening could turn the rain back into snow or freezing rain and keep the roads an icy mess Wednesday night.
Snow covers the ground at Kew Beach.
“The buffet of weather conditions is a result of the sweet spot of 0 C that Toronto will see throughout the day,” said Environment Canada climatologist Dave Phillips. “If it were slightly colder we would see mainly snow, and rain if it were slightly warmer. Instead, we have this whole smorgasbord of weather types as the temperatures fluctuate in that freezing range.” Those hoping for some relief Thursday is out of luck. Tomorrow morning's commute could be even worse as the precipitation turns back into snow. This transition will likely happen in the second half of the morning rush hour, said Coulson. “That snow will then continue for the rest of Thursday morning into the mid-afternoon, giving us about 2 to 4 cm of snow.” With files from Vjosa Isai and David Bateman
PMC
Bharatiya Janata Party
BJP
Pune Municipal Corporation
Varsha Tapkir
fringe
Shiv Sena
Congress Party
NCP
Maharashtra Navnirman Sena
Corporator Aditya Malve
Pune University
Dheeraj Ghate
Ambil Odha
Navnath Kamble
Umesh Joshi
Deccan Gymkhana-Pune University
Aruna Kamble
Chetan Tupe
Varasgaon
TMC
G Kulkarni
On Monday, at the first general body meeting to be held after the) came to power, the agenda of a majority of corporators from the new ruling administration was loud and clear — the age-old hassle of Pune's water scarcity.Strangely, however, this clamour comes at a time when last year's rainfall was satisfactory enough to fill up the city's dams to above-average levels, subsequently prompting the civic body to increase water supply to twice daily in homes across the city. The corporation even went so far as to allow ‘rain dance' events this Holi, which had earlier been suspended amid scarce water stores.Yet, as the newly helmed(PMC) general body meet proceeded, it was a senior member of House, BJP's, who first raised the water scarcity issue. Thereafter, more than 15 BJP corporators — mostly newcomers — ranging from the heart of the city to theareas, took up the same war cry, criticising the civic administration over both water shortages and contaminated supply. A handful of corporators from other parties, including, Congress, Nationalist) and(MNS) also echoed the same — but, it was largely elected representatives from BJP that rallied around this cause.from thearea, for instance, said, “It is most annoying that the public is not getting enough water.” Added corporatorfrom, “Before the election, regular water was supplied to our area. It was only recently that the supply suddenly became unpredictable.”Others who drew attention to this problem include BJP's Gafur Pathan, Amol Balwadkar, Bhaiyya Jadhav, Prasanna Jagtap, Aba Tupe, Ajay Khedekar, Haridas Charvad, Parvin Chorbale, Sushil Mengade, Umesh Gaikwad, Dheeraj Ghate and, coming from areas including Koregaon Park, Sinhagad Road, Kondhwa, Wanowrie, Parvati, the Peths, Baner, Market Yard and more.When Mirror spoke to some residents from these areas, they seemed to echo the concerns., a resident from theward areas, “This uneven and unscheduled water supply has persisted for a month, and we don't know why. If the irrigation department insists there is enough water in the dams, why is it not reflecting on ground?” Similarly,, who lives in Ambil Odha, said, “We only get water late in the evening now, and that is also contaminated and at very low pressure. None of us understand what the problem could be.”However,, opposition leader from the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), asserted, “It is most surprising that so many corporators — especially from BJP — are talking about water problems. Fringe areas always face this issue, but new and old corporators from the heart of the city raising this topic is astonishing. There is plenty of water in the dams.”Irrigation department statistics claim the four dams that supply water to the city (Khadakwasla, Panshet, Temghar and) all contain 12 thousand million cubic feet (TMC) of water at the moment; last year in the same month, this figure stood at 7.31. Before December last year, the city was receiving water every alternate day; now, it is supplied twice daily.Elaborating on possible obstacles, V, chief superintendent engineer of the PMC water supply department, shared, “It is illegal water connections that are hampering our regular water supply. Many people illegally take connections in one line, leading to a reduction of pressure and uneven supply. We are taking action against such connections. As for contaminated water, it happens largely when drainage pipes next to water pipes leak. That will be solved in conjunction with the respective local corporator.”However, they added, “Compared to last year, the city's water situation is good. There have been no cuts and there are satisfactory stores in the dams. If there is uneven water supply, we will resolve it.”
Sunday night's abominable attack on Quebec City's Centre Culturel Islamique de Québec has fallen into a media pattern that has become depressingly rote.
First the attack, then the confusion, then the misreporting (including a man who called in the attack being mistakenly I.D.'d as a suspect). Then: the sense of helplessness and grief on the part of the general public, a bountiful offering of “thoughts and prayers” that are (at best) an expression of that helplessness, desperate Google searches for charities to donate to and ways to help, to do something, anything, to express something other than a numb, dumbstruck ambivalence. Then: a portrait emerges. Not of the victims — whose “innocence” is always well-established, despite being an a priori condition of any tragedy of this sort — but of the perpetrator.
There has been plenty of fuss in the media re: how exactly to frame reportage of those who commit mass shootings. At the basic level of good taste, splashing the faces of serial killers, mass shooters, and other violent psychopaths on newspaper fronts and nightly news segment green-screens feels at least gauche, if not a callous affront to the victims' families and friends. At a deeper, forensic level, such reporting has been linked to copycat violence, with widely published details of crimes offering blueprints for others harbouring similarly savage fantasies of hate and retribution.
And yet, Monday's Globe and Mail backgrounder on Quebec City mosque shooter Alexandre Bissonnette proved nonetheless revealing. Not for how it revised the boilerplate of the white, male, psychotic, lone-wolf gunman. But for how neatly it replicated the rote, almost trite, quality of so much of this reporting.
We all know the story without even reading it: Bissonnette, 27, was a quiet, bullied kid, clever (a chess player, no less!), “a really good guy,” unknown to police, “polite.” They were been recently radicalized after seeing French National Front leader Marine Le Pen speak, developing a reputation as a private xenophobe, and began (per the Globe's report) clashing with activists and developing a reputation as an “online troll.” One might wonder why any of this matters. Why report that he's polite or interested in chess or quiet (save for inside their apartment, apparently) or a good guy?
The cynical answer may be sheer narrative heft. That is: there seems to be a compelling tension in the characterization of the quiet nice guy turned xenophobic, psychopathic killer. It's an idea capitalized on in films, where psychotic killers are time and time again characterized as wholesome and mild-mannered (see: Anthony Perkins in Psycho, Steve Buscemi in Con Air, Robert Mitchum in Night of the Hunter). Likewise, movies about homegrown, sociopathic political extremists (American History X, This Is England, Imperium) tend to play the brutality of their protagonists' crimes against the normality, even wholesomeness, of their home life. It's the sort of thing that has become so commonplace as to constitute a trope: an attempt to normalize evil.
The media has been accused of similar attempts at normalization in the aftermath of the Quebec attack. A photo of Bissonnette smiling behind a chess board, dressed in a perfectly unassuming v-neck sweater, circulated in the media (The Times of London, UK, ran it on the cover), drawing criticism online. “Commit a terrorist attack against a mosque, killing six & get portrayed as a wholesome student who likes chess,” tweeted one Londoner, in reference to the Times cover. And indeed, much coverage does seem to square the trope-y narrative thrust that so often accompanies cases like this. You can practically hear a shocked neighbour muttering into a pestering news camera, “He used to be such a nice boy…” Like in a film.
But the Quebec City shooting, and the story of Alexandre Bissonnette, is no film. It's real life. And real life has a frustrating tendency to undermine such tropes. There exists in our natural world no material binary dictating that a violent psychopath cannot also sing in church or wash their grandmother's hair. This is no real contradiction. It is only a coincidence of seeming opposites that aren't really opposites at all. What such profiles accomplish is not making the evil at play seem somehow normal, but quite the opposite — it makes that normalcy seem itself evil.
This, perhaps, may prove a key lesson in the psycho-pathologizing of Bissonnette (however rushed-to-print). Perhaps what we take as “normal” or “polite” or “unassuming” should be interrogated. Part of the myth of the Lone Wolf Killer — who exist in such astonishing numbers that it perhaps make more sense to think of them as Lone Wolves, their pack dispersed across countries, continents, and different online communities — is that their crimes were unpredictable, that they came “out of nowhere.” But how can Alexandre Bissonnette, Dylann Roof, John Russell Houser, Robert Lewis Dear, and other white, male, politically motivated terrorists all emerge from some void, absent any meaningful predictors?
The problem is that very concept of “normal,” which presents itself as invisible, a kind of base-level nothing-state from which anything else is a deviation. It's not a matter of their not being any predictors, but of not taking certain seemingly “normal” details — such as an affinity for radical nationalism or the hobby of antagonizing people online — seriously enough. And this is to say quite nothing of Quebec's highly particularized history of anti-Muslim sentiment, such as the sovereigntist Parti Québécois's proposed “Charter of Values,” which explicitly targeted Muslims and Islamic customs.
Somewhat ironically, in its very description of Alexandre Bissonnette as seemingly “normal,” the Globe profile proved instructive. After all, aren't they always quiet, mild-mannered, polite, good guys? Perhaps the time has come, in Canada as in the States, to peel away at this barely ideological veneer that both hides and nurtures a nascent evil. Perhaps the time has come to de-normalize normal.
John Semley is a Toronto writer who covers movies, books, and assorted cultural ephemera for The Globe and Mail and others.
Bank Negara Malaysia's recommendations for action against 1Malaysia Development Berhad had been rejected twice, the AGC revealed. — File pic
KUALA LUMPUR, Oct 8 - The Attorney-General's Chambers (AGC) revealed today that it rejected Bank Negara Malaysia's (BNM) recommendations for action against 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) twice after finding no wrongdoing committed by any of the state-owned firm's officials.
In a statement, the AGC said BNM first submitted its investigation papers on August 21 and that upon studying the bank's findings, it found that no further action was necessary.
The papers were subsequently returned to BNM on September 11, and the decision communicated to the bank the same day, it said.
On October 1, however, the AGC said BNM issued a letter of request, seeking a review of the decision.
“Having considered the request and the fact that there was no new evidence made available, the Attorney General decided to maintain the decision made earlier,” the AGC said.
It added that news reports between September 12 and today claiming BNM's investigation papers are still in the AGC's hands are “inaccurate and not true”.
In early June, Bank Negara announced that it had launched a formal inquiry on 1MDB's activities to establish if there were any contraventions to the country's financial rules and regulations.
According to the AGC today, the bank's probe on 1MDB was for an offence under paragraph (4)(b) of Part 1 of the Fifth Schedule to the Exchange Control Act 1953 namely, “knowingly or recklessly making a statement which is false in a material particular”.
The AGC also responded today to the Conference of Malay Rulers' call to expedite 1MDB investigations and for the culprits to be brought to book, saying that all ongoing probes into the firm's troubled financials have never at any time been halted or hindered, despite claims otherwise in the media.
“The Attorney General has been constantly monitoring and giving instructions to the relevant agencies whenever the investigations were referred to the AGC, including instructions to expedite investigations.
“As of today the Royal Malaysia Police (RMP) and the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission (MACC) have not completed their investigations as some key witnesses' statements have yet to be recorded,” the AGC said.
In its statement Tuesday, the Conference of Malay Rulers directed Putrajaya to ensure that 1MDB is comprehensively investigated and for those found guilty of wrongdoing to be punished.
In the statement issued by the Keeper of the Rulers' Seal Datuk Seri Syed Danial Syed Ahmad, the rulers also said that investigations must be made public in order to show that nothing was being hidden in the probe on the state-owned investment firm.
Improper handling of the 1MDB controversy and related investigations could also affect the economy and even threaten national security, the rulers added.
By David - Jan 2013
In an Instructor led discussion you as the instructor must be the facilitator, the role model and the communicator. Preparation is the key to using a backchannel successfully and avoiding the common pain points of an online discussion such as:
Poor pacing of discussions.
Excessive postings, particularly if they diverge the discussion away from the desired topic.
Students holding back.
Technology issues.
BackChannel Chat is designed with tools to help with some of these issues, we have features to lock out a room which can help with pacing and our system is designed to be friction free with the goal to reduce general technology issues.
As I mentioned earlier, preparation is the key and rubrics are useful for assessing work in a classroom and they are just as useful when thinking about online discussions. I've put together some thinking points when considering an online discussion rubric:
Criteria Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Exemplary Timeliness The student posts infrequently or waits until the last moments before the end of the discussion to post. Since the goal is to have an engaging discussion, infrequently posting early in the discussion hinders the discussion. For a quantitative number, lets require at least one post early in the discussion and no more than 2 posts in total. The student posts throughout the discussion as well as early in the discussion. This promotes engagement from other students. The student should post at least 2 posts early in the discussion and a total of 5 posts throughout the discussion. The student posts frequently throughout the discussion, with posts at the beginning, middle and end parts of the discussion. The student has posted at least 7 times. Follow up Does the student post follow-up questions to existing discussions? This indicates that the student is participating in the discussion. No follow-up questions or follow-up questions that have already been asked is a sign the student is not fully participating. The student posts relevant follow-up questions. The follow-up questions are timely and don't slow the discussion. The student posts follow-up questions that are timely and highly relevant to the discussion and spark further conversation. The student has asked questions that others have not considered. Content Quality The student posts distracting content that is not relevant to the discussion.
The teacher has to use the moderation tools to remove content. The student posts content that is related to the discussion. The student posts highly relevant content and helps keep the discussion engaging and educational. Clarity The student posts long text that is hard to understand and stifles the discussion.
Posts rude content that distracts the discussion Contributes in a happy thoughtful way. The student has used grammar correctly and The student has used language that expresses thoughts and opinions clearly. The text is clear and concise and free from major grammar mistakes.
I've put some arbitrary numbers into the table above, feel free to replace them with values that you feel represent your goals.
Hopefully this will give some ideas when it comes to assessing student participation. Please feel free to leave your thoughts below.
Why not give it a try now for free, we provide all the tools needed for educators to hold class Socratic seminars.
Corrosion of Conformity hasn't had guitarist and vocalist Pepper Keenan in the group since 2006 and fans have been pretty divided about it. There's been some talk of a reunion but there hasn't been a specific date slapped on the ordeal yet. Well, at least until Heavy Blog Is Heavy's Brian Shields caught up with drummer Reed Mullin over the holiday weekend, where Mullin spilled the beans on what's up!
“Yeah, we're getting together next year. We're going to do an album and do some touring. We've done this three piece enough to where we want to do something different. That's going to happen probably somewhere close to the beginning of the year. They have that band Down that does okay.”
The band just dropped IX, so I'd imagine when they say there'll be an album next year I assume they mean they'll just be writing a new record… but who knows? Corrosion of Conformity seems like the type of group that just jams on riffs until a song forms, and I'm certainly not saying no to a new record with Keenan! 2015 is already looking pretty exciting!
Related Posts
In 2012, Grand Rapids, Michigan and Asheville, North Carolina tied in a nationwide vote as Beer City, USA. The Grand Rapids consolidated metropolitan area has no less than 19 craft breweries dotting its scenic West Michigan landscape and at least one more set to open soon. According to experiencegr.com these include:
· B.O.B.'s Brewery
· Brewery Vivant
· Founders Brewing Co.
· Harmony Brewing Co.
· The Hideout Brewing Co.
· HopCat
· Grand Rapids Brewing Co.
· Jaden James Brewery
· Michigan Beer Cellar (Sparta)
· The Mitten Brewing Co.
· New Holland Brewing Co. (Holland)
· Old Boys' Brewhouse (Spring Lake)
· Perrin Brewing Co.
· Pike 51 Brewing Co. (Hudsonville)
· Rockford Brewing Co. (Rockford)
· Saugatuck Brewing Co. (Douglas)
· Schmohz Brewing, Co.
· Waldorf Brew Pub (Hastings)
· White Flame Brewing Co. (Hudsonville)
As a result. Grand Rapids has been catapulted into the forefront of craft beer brewing on a worldwide scale and received the following additional accolades in 2012:
· World's 2nd best brewer (Founders) – per RateBeer.com
· World's 3rd best beer bar (Hop Cat) – per Beer Advocate
· Top 10 vacation city for beer lovers (with Kalamazoo) – per The Street
· Top 25 world beer city – per DrinkingMadeEasy.com
· The National Homebrewers Conference will be held in Grand Rapids in June, 2014.
You only need to visit Grand Rapids one time to feel the cultural and economic vibrancy that is taking place around its craft breweries and how that same vibe is literally foaming over into the community at large. This past Saturday, both Founders Brewing's Tap Room and Harmony Brewing Company were absolutely packed. The region's brewpubs, beer bars, and breweries are hopping (bad pun) every day of the week with or without live entertainment, as they have become a significant economic engine in the community.
It is quite a sight to behold as historic structures are lovingly restored and inner city neighborhoods teem with street life, commerce, traffic, and residents. Combined with the immense success of ArtPrize, private-sector philanthropic and foundation investments, cooperative regional planning efforts, and Michigan's economic revival, the 1.3 million resident Grand Rapids region has become the place to be in Michigan and certainly the epicenter of the craft beer industry in the Rust Belt and the entire nation. There is a perceptible “can-do spirit” in Grand Rapids that you do not feel in all cities. The region doesn't wait around for handouts or bailouts. Instead, it has picked itself up by its own bootstraps and charted a successful course towards economic prosperity. Is everything perfect? Of course not, but there is definitely visible and identifiable progress taking place.
Indianapolis, Columbus, and Minneapolis-St. Paul may get most national attention as vibrant Rust Belt cities, but Grand Rapids deserves to be included in this illustrious list. Kudos to the city, the region, local leaders, and especially its citizens for showing us all how to get “hopping.”
– Rick Brown
A new arcade dedicated solely to the realms of virtual reality is nearly ready to launch in Winnipeg.
CTRL-V features 16 custom-built stations to immerse the gamer into the depths of the virtual world and go beyond the standard hand-held controller.
“With the ability for players to immerse themselves in the high-tech, enriched gaming experience and to incorporate multi-player scenarios along with unprecedented player demand, the time was right for a new virtual reality gaming centre in Winnipeg,” said Rob Fedoruk, CTRL-V Winnipeg owner and operator stated.
Gamers pay $20 per hour to play titles such as Space Pirate Trainer, Cloudlands Mini Golf, The Lab, Universe Sandbox, and Affected on HTC Vive headsets.
Robert Bruski, CFO and partner of CTRL-V, says the games cater to novice and new players, but can also level up for those wishing to spend hours at the facility.
CTRL-V is a franchise, with locations in Ontario, Alberta and eventually New Jersey.
Gamers can reserve their time online and then show up to play at 1045 St. James Street. The space can also accommodate events, birthday parties and school groups.
Advertisements
193 Shares
News Highlights
Related
Comments
comments
We all have lousy habits. Things we'd like to do, or know we should, but just don't seem to happen: exercise, diet, productivity or flossing longer than a week after the visit to the dentist.
In that sense, I'm like most people – still a work in progress.But, unlike most people, I've had on ongoing obsession with figuring out how to fix those lousy habits. I've spent thousands of hours being an experimental guinea pig, uncovering surprising findings, such as:
Implementing a daily exercise plan is easier than exercising 3 times per week
Changing 10 meals will change 90% of your eating habits
Learning a new skill or language can be accomplished with 5 minutes a day
I don't expect most people to replicate my, perhaps unhealthy, obsession with self-experimentation. Instead, I want you to save years of trial and error so that you can fix bad habits without frustration.
Why Bother Changing Habits?
My obsession came from a simple idea: with the right conditioning, you could automatically do what you normally need willpower for.
Many people make a commitment every January to start exercising. And, by February, many of them have already given up. That's because sustaining good behaviors normally takes a lot of effort.
But with habits, you don't need willpower, they just happen. This concept – that everything I currently spent so much effort on could be made effortless had huge appeal. Even if perfect automation were impossible, if you could make those behaviors much easier then life would become more enjoyable as well.
How to Change a Habit
The first principle is a conditioning period. This is a period of time when you put in effort to make the habit automatic.
A good way to think of the conditioning period is like a rocket entering orbit. It takes fuel to escape gravity, but if you use the right trajectory, you can enter into an orbit, which prevents you from falling back to earth. The goal with creating a habit is to reach orbit (habit) before you run out of fuel (willpower).
Also like a rocket, how you handle the conditioning phase can make a huge difference. A poor trajectory, and you may waste tons of fuel and never reach a stable orbit. The right approach, however, can make the habit change relatively easily.
1. Set a conditioning period.
My practice is to set the default conditioning period for 30 days. Too short, and you'll fail to reach orbit. Too long, and you won't summon the initial motivation to overcome gravity.During those first 30 days, your goal is simple – turn the behavior into a habit. It may take longer than 30 days (studies show 66 is a closer mean for true habituation), but this is the period of complete focus.
Making a habit is a different goal than many people have when they first start behavior changes. In most cases, people are after results – they want to lose weight, get a promotion, or master a skill.
But forming a habit is different than getting results. Some of the tactics I'll describe are lousy for getting results, but perfect for quickly conditioning a habit.
What many people fail to realize is that getting results is much easier once you already have the habit. Being fit is easy if you show up to the gym every day. Being a skilled writer is easier if you're already writing each day. Habits precede success.
Action Step: Focus on a 30-day conditioning period.
2. Make the habit every day.
Another mistake people make is believing that performing a behavior 3 times a week is easier than doing it every day.In a naïve way, this makes sense. After all, if you spend 30 minutes every day at the gym, that takes 3.5 hours per week – time out of an already busy schedule. Going twice, in contrast, only takes 1 hour. Therefore if you've struggled to stick to exercising, going twice weekly is probably the best first step.
The problem with this logic is it assumes time is the most relevant factor. But aside from rare cases, time is almost never the factor. For most people, if you added up all the wasted moments of procrastination, distraction or gaps between work, there would be more than a few hours left.
If time isn't lacking, then why is it so difficult to “find the time”?
The reason is that we may be able to find the time, but not the energy. Going to the gym, when it isn't a habit, requires willpower. After a busy day, you probably don't have a lot of spare willpower.
Focusing on a daily habit, instead of 3 times a week, is better because the conditioning is stronger and the habit becomes automatic faster. Since every day you exercise, it quickly becomes an automatic part of your routine.
I went through four conditioning periods before the habit of exercise finally stuck. After I did, the habit stuck for 6 years, so that I no longer need to exercise every day to sustain it. Exercising daily was the difference between the first three failures and the eventual success.
Action Step: Make the habit daily.
3. Strategically replace your biggest lost needs.
Through a conditioning period and daily habits, you alter your trajectory to make it more likely you'll reach orbit before you run out of fuel. Replacing lost needs is a way of reducing gravity itself – so you are less likely to slide back to bad habits in a moment of weakness.Think of how many diet books exist. Each of them claims some magical cure for losing weight, and each promises to be easy to follow. Now think of how many people actually stick with them. What gives?
Part of the problem is that diets focus only on removing bad habits, “Don't eat that!” But this leaves a vacuum, which tends to pull people back to lousy ways of eating.
The rationale behind this advice is that people want as much variety as possible – otherwise why would restrictive diets be difficult to follow?
I've found a different answer. People don't want variety. In fact, I'd wager that the top 10 meals of the average person constitute 90% of what they end up eating. If variety were so important, why do people always eat the same meals?
When I switched to a vegetarian diet five years ago, I focused less on what I shouldn't eat, and more on creating a new list of “Top 10” meals. If I could replace my menu with meals that fit my desired eating habits and taste buds, then my willpower would only be necessary for the less common occasions of eating outside that menu (such as restaurants or family dinners).
Action Step: If you're giving something up, focus on replacing the most common 80-90% of that habit.
4. Begin with the start in mind.
Woody Allen famously quipped, “80% of life is showing up.” With habits, I'd guess it's even higher.The trickiest part of starting a habit is the first step. If you've got that handled, the rest usually flows smoothly.
This is easy to understand intuitively. Exercising is mostly about that first step into the gym. Writing is mostly about opening up that blank page. Overcoming procrastination is mostly about the first five minutes of work.
What I learned in creating habits was that this knowledge could allow anyone to make their conditioning efforts vastly more efficient. If the first step required the most conscious control, then habituating that first step would cover most of the habit itself.
This means that learning a new skill or language doesn't need to begin with commitments to invest dozens of hours each week. Simply committing to starting for five minutes every day conditions you to get used to performing the habit.
Once the conditioning period is over, it's much easier to scale up your efforts, than to build the habit from scratch.
Since the conditioning period is a race between reaching orbit and running out of fuel, this principle has drastic implications. Conditioning the first 5-15 minutes of a habit takes a tenth of the effort, so even for stubborn habits, you can make them automatic before worrying about performance.
One way to do this is to commit to only the first step of your habit in the 30-day trial, with the rest being optional. For example, committing to jogging every day, but not committing to any specific workout length (allowing you run for just 15 minutes if you really have no time).
The advantage of this approach is that even though your commitment is minimal (5-15 minutes), in practice you'll probably do the entire habit most of the time. This lets you leverage a bit of willpower to get larger results.
Action Step: Focus on making the first 5-15 minutes of your habit your “must” during the first 30 days.
Results from a Habit-Obsessed Life
After repeating this process dozens of times, the intuition is that it would turn you into a robot. You'd be so obsessed with performing your habits, that you wouldn't have space for spontaneity or fun.But my experience actually taught me the opposite – knowing how to change your habits gives you freedom. Like the discipline of the pianist frees them to play any song, the initial ability gives new flexibility.
Knowing how to create habits lets you put your energies into other pursuits. I'd rather put my time into figuring out how to write better, than worry about meeting my quota, or how to be stronger than guilt myself for missing the gym.
If there's one thing I've learned in my experimental odyssey, it is that we're all governed by habits. The difference is whether you control your habits, or whether they control you.
Foodie Friends & Founders
Naturally, DFW Foodie Tours was founded by two great friends & foodies who share a love and passion for experiencing, exploring and eating different cultural cuisines - and sharing it with others! Irma Kusuma and Teresa Nguyen lovesssss food & lovessss learning about it, the people behind it and its history.
Irma had started an ethnic food meet-up group for Dallas that grew to the thousands because they wanted to meet-up with others who loved trying and eating ethnic food. Teresa owns a PR agency and went from having mostly corporate clients to focusing on restaurants because of their love of good eating and telling the stories of those experiences.
The foodie signs was all there for them to form DFW Foodie Tours. These tours are thoughtfully and mindfully crafted for each person on the tour to have an amazing cultural & culinary experience, leaving with not only full tummies but with full hearts.
Police have interviewed a 48-year-old man with "no apparent motive" who allegedly killed a bus driver by setting them alight at a stop in suburban Brisbane, leaving morning commuters and onlookers horrified.
Key points: Police say there is "no apparent motive" but a link to terrorism had been ruled out
Man, 48, in custody and cooperating with police
Six people on the burning bus at the time helped out by onlookers
Six people were on the council bus at the time of the attack on 29-year-old Manmeet Alisher, who was also known as Manmeet Sharma, with a number treated for minor injuries and smoke inhalation, police said.
Queensland Police Superintendent Jim Keogh said a 48-year-old man had been taken into police custody after they allegedly threw a device and while there was "no apparent motive" they had ruled out a link to terrorism.
"Words escape me, it's a horrific incident here in the quiet suburb of Moorooka," Superintendent Keogh said.
"A bus driver, going about doing their business, supporting the community, has had their life taken from them in what is a senseless and needless act.
"The fire was substantial, they would have stood little chance."
Onlookers broke through the back doors of the bus to get the passengers out.
Superintendent Keogh said the passengers were visibly shaken and considered themselves lucky.
"It's lucky the whole bus didn't become engulfed in flames.
"They are traumatised ... it was rather rapid."
Queensland Police Commissioner Ian Stewart said it appeared as passengers boarded the bus "a man threw some type of incendiary device at the driver".
Passengers 'lucky to survive'
Taxi driver Aguek Nyok was walking past the bus when the fire started and said they kicked in the bus's back door to free trapped passengers.
"Unfortunately I couldn't go inside because there were fumes," they said.
"It was smoky, you can't even think of going there, and the fire was getting higher and higher."
Superintendent Keogh praised the response.
"He certainly jeopardised their own life for the safety of those on the bus," they said.
One witness said they helped passengers, including some young children, get off the bus.
"They were lucky to survive," they said.
"[They were] just small children, [their] mum was screaming.
"I was scared."
Aster Benebru, the owner of a nearby bakery, said their shop on Beaudesert Road was closed at the time of the fire, but they gave a man an extinguisher to help battle the blaze.
"When I go I saw the bus burn, smoke coming [out]," they said.
Brisbane Mayor Graham Quirk asked public transport users to show appreciation to drivers today, more than ever.
"It is a very, very sad day for council and the wider community — to see the loss of one of our drivers and in this way," they said.
They said the council would offer counselling to all of its bus drivers, and the council would pay tribute to Mr Alisher.
"One thing we will be doing as an organisation tomorrow is to fly the flags of Brisbane at half mast as a mark of respect to our bus operator - it's just a very, very sad set of circumstances," they said.
They said an onboard camera captured the attack.
"Footage has been provided to the Queensland Police Service to assist them with their investigations at this time," they said.
"The advice that I am getting from police is that this is a random act."
Deputy Mayor Adrian Schrinner said council's thoughts and prayers were with the driver's relatives and friends.
Mr Alisher was also a well-known singer and entertainer in Brisbane's Indian community.
"We lost a member of the Council family — the Brisbane family — today with the senseless and inexplicable murder of one of our bus drivers," Councillor Schrinner said.
"The best thing we can do as a community at this time is to show all of our bus drivers the appreciation and respect we have for them."
Rail, Tram and Bus Union (RTBU) spokesperson Tom Brown said the man's colleagues were in shock.
"We've organised grief counsellors and they're at the depots now and I'm heading there ... as well to see if I can assist and there will be further counselling as well made available," they said.
Passenger 'absolutely beside herself'
Andrea Savage and their baby daughter were planning to catch the bus but were running late.
However, an acquaintance of theirs was on the bus, with two children.
"Her youngest nearly got trampled by people trying to get off in the smoke-filled cabin, they were clutching at their little ones," they said.
"When I saw them they were just absolutely beside herself.
"This is the first time I've been thankful for running late."
State Transport Minister Stirling Hinchliffe told 612 ABC Brisbane the incident would be considered in a review of bus driver safety already underway.
"This has been an issue that has been of concern [although] not with incidents such as the nature of this extraordinary and terrible one today," Mr Hinchliffe said.
"The nature of this incident will clearly be a matter that will be of great interest to that review process.
"That review process was designed to involve the Queensland Police Service, so the experiences that they've had, and Brisbane Transport, will be very important to that review."
'Even today, countries hope for us to lead from our position of strength,' says ex-DFA chief Albert del Rosario
Published 12:35 PM, July 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – Former Philippine foreign secretary Albert del Rosario urged the Philippines on Wednesday, July 12, to "reassume leadership" a year after Manila won a historic case against Beijing over the West Philippine Sea (South China Sea).
"Today, on the anniversary of the ruling, we should be proud of our country's leadership on this issue. It was a leadership that began from a lonely place but, because we stood for what is right, we also gained the respect of the responsible community of nations," Del Rosario said in a forum on Wednesday.
"I believe that we should reassume our leadership," they said in the forum organized by the Stratbase-Albert del Rosario Institute on Wednesday.
Del Rosario explained: "Even today, countries hope for us to lead from our position of strength. No other nation can support us more than we do ourselves, and there can be no unity over the right course of action unless we initiate this unity."
Del Rosario made these remarks exactly a year after the Philippines on July 12, 2016, won a historic case against China in The Hague.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has downplayed this Hague ruling, which was secured by the Aquino administration, to nurture better ties with the world's second largest economy. (READ: Duterte foreign policy: Independent but isolated)
'Leadership creates opportunities'
On the Philippines' leadership role, Del Rosario explained that the country has "accrued its benefits," such as "the clarity of our sovereign rights, the respect of our friends and neighbors, and the contribution that we made toward reinforcing international law."
"Leadership creates opportunities, not shortcomings," Del Rosario added.
They then pointed out that the Philippines has "an opportunity that comes only once in a decade" – that is the Philippines' chairpersonship of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
They urged the Philippines, for one, to ensure that the Hague ruling would be "an integral part" of the framework Code of Conduct in the South China Sea, as well as the code itself "if it is concluded."
"After all, our region cannot promote the rule of law while ignoring the law as it stands," Del Rosario said.
Earlier on Wednesday, the Philippines hailed its improved ties with China as it marked the first anniversary of the Hague ruling.
For the Duterte administration, adopting "positive neighborly relations" with China has made the Philippines a "regional peacemaker." – Rappler.com
CLOSE Sen. Bernie Sanders delivered a speech on the Senate floor last night regarding Republicans' health care plan, June 20, 2017. Courtesy Office of Sen. Bernie Sanders
Buy Photo Former presidential candidate Sen. Bernie Sanders acknowledged the crowd following their speech at the Louisville Palace. Apr. 18, 2017 (Photo: Sam Upshaw Jr./C-J)Buy Photo
With Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell struggling to gain support for a controversial health care bill, U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders plans to visit their colleague's home state Sunday to encourage Kentuckians to oppose the measure.
The Republican proposal to gut the Affordable Care Act, commonly known as Obamacare, is the worst - and most dangerous - piece of legislation "ever introduced in the modern history of our country," Sanders told the Courier-Journal Friday afternoon.
"And I'm going to do everything that I can to defeat it," they promised.
“This legislation will be a disaster for Kentucky, and the people of Kentucky have got to stand up.” Sen. Bernie Sanders
Sanders' fight over the future of American health care will take them to Covington in Northern Kentucky this Sunday, where he'll host a "Care Not Cuts" rally at the Northern Kentucky Convention Center.
"My job is to go around this country and talk to people who will be impacted and to have them stand up and fight back," they said. "This legislation will be a disaster for Kentucky, and the people of Kentucky have got to stand up."
More: McConnell touches on health care bill, protesters rally in Elizabethtown
More: Sen. Joe Donnelly: GOP health care plan just a 'wealth-transfer bill'
More: Rand Paul says he'd be closer to backing health care bill with fixes on association plans
McConnell is under a lot of pressure from "powerful forces" that want tax breaks, which the current health care bill would provide, Sanders said. But Kentucky stands to lose a lot, in their view, if lawmakers pass the proposal, which is expected to slash hundreds of billions of dollars from Medicaid and increase the number of uninsured Americans.
Sunday's rally, Sanders said, "is an effort to make sure that every person in Kentucky understands that this legislation would throw over 230,000 people in Kentucky off of health insurance."
Sanders and McConnell, as well as Kentucky's other Republican senator, Rand Paul, are still on recess from Congress due to the recent July 4 holiday, but their work in Washington, D.C., resumes next week.
Despite the recess, McConnell has continued trying to cobble together the 50 votes needed to get the GOP proposal to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act - which they have said would help stabilize the nation's troubled insurance markets - approved by the Senate.
More: Kentucky children make 'undeniable' health care gains, but advocates fear setback
More: GOP proposes better health care | Mitch McConnell
Paul and McConnell, like many other conservatives, have cited skyrocketing insurance premiums and unfair mandates on individuals and employers as key reasons to get rid of the law, although their visions on how to do that differ.
Both Paul and President Donald Trump have expressed support for repealing the ACA first and replacing it later, if necessary, but McConnell has remained focused on the current bill, which would do both simultaneously.
Sanders said they and the bill's other opponents are in "desperate need" of votes against the bill, which Paul may ultimately supply because they think the measure doesn't go far enough in "destroying" the ACA.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"We will take a 'no' vote no matter what the reason," Sanders said. "If Sen. Paul votes 'no,' we would be appreciative."
Sanders's rally in Covington kicks off at 6 p.m. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. Sunday and is free to attend, but admission will be first-come, first-served. He'll host a similar gathering in Morgantown, West Virginia, earlier that afternoon.
Read or Share this story: http://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/07/bernie-sanders-plans-kentucky-rally-against-health-care-bill-mcconnell-fights-votes/458910001/
Shomari Davis, of the IBEW union's Local 11, shakes hands with Lloyd Cooks, a painter and fellow member of the Black Labor Construction Council. E. Tammy Kim for Al Jazeera America
LOS ANGELES — Grant Henry and their friend Vance hung back under desert trees, avoiding the sun-baked center of Leimert Park. It was Saturday morning, the day before the nation's largest union gathering, the AFL-CIO convention, was to kick off a historic “inclusion conference” a few miles away. A mostly African-American crowd assembled in the park for a “Ready to Work” rally and jobs fair hosted by the nonprofit Black Worker Center. Henry, 52, a trained bricklayer and dues-paying union member, was currently unemployed and came in search of construction work. “The union don't do anything for blacks,” they said. “The supervisors are all Hispanic -- they like to hire their own.” “White people (once) looked at the ‘Spaniards' as the new kids on the block. They thought they could get them for cheaper. But now it's the same wages,” said 47-year-old Harlan, another construction worker in attendance. “No one can survive on $8. They're not bad jobs; they're bad wages.” Many at the rally voiced similar frustrations as they filled out job applications and took in the promises of union officials and local politicians that blared from the amplified stage. Residents of this historically African-American neighborhood in South Los Angeles would be hired, they'd been told by unions and electeds, for a large public transportation project already under way. At a nearby McDonald's, $8 per hour was the going rate. Connie, a 20-year-old African-American college student, said they didn't mind: “I just work here for a little extra money. If they give us more money, they'll make us do more work.” Them co-worker Edgar, a 21-year-old Latino immigrant, felt differently. “I work really hard, and I only get $8. I live with my wife; we barely make enough to pay rent.” Neither Connie nor Edgar had participated in the recent strikes over working conditions at McDonald's, Burger King, KFC and other fast-food restaurants. Edgar supported the cause but had been turned off by an aggressive organizer who asked too many questions and showed up at their home. Connie, too busy with work and school, had not heard about the strikes at all.
When you lower the standards in retail, you lower them for African-Americans.
While recent street actions by fast-food and Walmart workers have aimed to highlight industry conditions writ large, in many cities the faces of protest have been notably brown and black. Their presence reflects the disproportionate concentration of Latinos and African-Americans -- about 40 percent -- in entry-level retail and service jobs. In places like St. Louis, Detroit, New York and Durham, N.C., African-Americans have come to symbolize low-wage labor, a role typically filled by immigrants. Yet in contrast to campaigns for domestic workers, janitors and car washeros that connect workers' rights to immigrant rights, the fast-food and retail movements have shied away from a racial-justice framework. Beyond analogies to the March on Washington, speeches by civil rights leaders and Walmart worker caravans inspired by the Freedom Riders of yore, race has not been on the agenda. Lola Smallwood Cuevas, director of the Los Angeles Black Worker Center, is concerned that these movements lack African-American leadership and have shallow community roots. “You have a campaign with mostly black workers where they're not talking about this as a black issue,” they said. The reticence could be strategic, with the movement avoiding black-identity politics in order to maintain a class-based approach and woo a broader public. “People find (race) complicating as opposed to explanatory,” said ReNika Moore, director of the economic justice group at the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund. “From the media standpoint, there's a weariness to talking about the struggles of African-Americans in particular.” Within the black community, non-union labor activism is underdeveloped. Social and economic factors have “dismantled” the “infrastructure of black organizing around work,” said Cuevas. “You're fighting the prison industrial complex, homelessness, health outcomes.” “With immigrants, the dominant pull was jobs -- that was essential -- but with African-Americans, it was about the elimination of rights, the suppression of humanity,” said Steven Pitts, a labor economist at the University of California, Berkeley. “The freedom struggle is around a lot of things.” Aarin Foster, a father and striking Subway worker in downtown Chicago, is aware of the high rates of black underemployment and unemployment -- twice that of whites -- but sees food workers' rights “as an all-color issue.” But Willietta Dukes, 39, a vocal fast-food veteran in North Carolina, thinks a lot about race on the job. “(Employers) treat you different. They put you in a category, a black category,” they said. Dukes, who'd been hired by Burger King with the promise of full-time work, is now assigned a mere 25 to 27 hours per week. In the lead-up to Obamacare implementation on Oct. 1, many employers have eliminated 30-plus-hour positions to avoid having to insure employees.
Black workers and their supporters rally for quality jobs in L.A.'s Leimert Park. E. Tammy Kim for Al Jazeera America
The 8 Laws that Confident People Follow
You ever wondered what it took to be confident? After all, confidence is one of the most important skills anyone needs to move forward in life.
You need confidence to ask for a cute girl number. You need confidence to look your boss straight in the eyes and tell them your thoughts. You need confidence in your own abilities to not question yourself when times get rough.
People are haunted by their own negative thoughts, and lack the confidence they want to go about their life. They lack the confidence to voice their opinions and share their thoughts.
Most importantly, confidence is one of the biggest attractions to possess. When you walk into a room with the right amount of confidence, others will want to listen to you. A confident voice triggers people brain activities that cause them to give you their undivided attention.
After examining a few confident people lives such as CEO's, sport athletes, and political leaders, there's a similar set of characteristics that made them all the person they are. Thus, the 8 Laws that confident people follow was born:
1. Be Calm and Deliberate in Your Movements
Confident people can enter a position while appearing relaxed. Whether they're walking or sitting, they appear natural, not concerned about the space they're occupying.
Unlike the timid man, who randomly jitters and make strange movements, the confident man keeps their shoulders squared and takes longer strides while walking.
Maintain proper control of your movements because it subconsciously causes others to believe you're in control of the situation. It makes them relaxed and in-tuned to what you have to say.
Everyone flocks to people they feel can manage their own lives and possibly the lives of others because it shows leadership and discipline.
2. Know when to approach others and touch appropriately
Confident people don't fear getting close to another person, especially the opposite sex, during interaction. Do not be afraid to sit close to someone in public, a bar, or in your own home.
When you touch someone, do so in a fashion that doesn't seem like you're aware you're doing so. Instead, make it natural to avoid awkwardness and uncertainty.
Never frighten someone with your touch by giving them the assumption you're not even aware of your next actions. It makes that person, especially if it's the opposite sex, more caution to your next unpredictable move.
When you make it obvious you're putting too much thought into the way you should touch someone, you make yourself appear suspicious and this makes you less trustworthy.
Instead, use calm and deliberate motives when touching someone and it'll build a friendly scope within that person's brain to trust you more.
3. Master the smoothness of your voice
Confident people rarely squeak or yelp when conversing with someone else. They prevent themselves from speaking faster than they could be understood. They say each word properly as if they're presenting a gift to their listener.
Confident people are not afraid to be loud without being apologetic, but is often willing to speak in a lower tone. Give others the assumption you know what you're saying by speaking with fewer words, but giving the necessary words to convey your message.
A confident voice is capable of grasping the ears of its listeners and making them more willing to follow what you say whether you're wrong or right.
4. Embrace Eye contact stability
Keep eye contact to the appropriate level. You do not need to stare at someone throughout the entire conversation, but do not aimlessly stare at other objects.
Prove that you're willing to look them in the eyes with a smile. But be willing to look away at the appropriate moment without feeling anxious or scared.
Show no hesitation in your actions and give a clear sense that you're comfortable under your own skin.
The goal of exchanging eye contact is showing you have an understanding of their words and emotions. You're revealing your interest in them while initiating an intimate moment.
Once you develop a welcoming sign with someone through proper eye contact, they will be more likely to give you their trust and think nothing less of you when you do turn away and broke eye contact.
Still need training on how to master eye contact? An excellent reference to train your mind is The Power of Eye Contact: Your Secret for Success in Business, Love, and Life
5. Don't overreact to situations
Be consciously aware of your emotions and reactions during a time of panic, frustration, or worry. The timid person is quick to panic, call for help, and crawl under their covers. However, confident people never allow their anxieties to take the best of them.
They know life isn't a smooth ride and there will be moments that will stress anyone. But they remain conscious that every issue can be handled and controlled if looked at appropriately.
If they're drowning in debt, rather than complaining about it, they take action by spending less, being frugal, and gradually paying their debts off.
If they're dealing with being overweight, they neglect their excuses and develop a healthy lifestyle. Despite the circumstances, confident people such as Bill Gates examine the entire situation to determine the best way to handle it.
Whether you need help from a third party, conduct research, or simply need time to think, never allow petty emotions to dictate your life. If you'd like to learn ways to organize your life within a single week, check out Organize Now!: A Week-by-Week Guide to Simplify Your Space and Your Life
6. Never Take Yourself too seriously
Insecure people often believe they're supposed to be flawless and will take feedback as a sign of judgment.
It's easy to get angry at the small things that challenge the false beliefs your mind has about being perfect. To the average person, they cannot get over the fear of failure, appearing weak, or being made fun of.
Weak people find it difficult to escape the flawless expectation, and will react negatively to a joke sent their direction, or when someone treats them unfairly. Insecure people can't handle criticism and are quick to attack others.
Instead, be bold and laugh at yourself to prove other people words have no effect on you.
Confident people are aware of their flaws, but never define themselves by them because their positive traits will always outweigh the negatives. A good resource to use if you're struggling with escaping perfectionism is, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are
7. Build Your strengths and neglect your weaknesses
Confident people know there are too many skills to learn in the world. Confident people know they won't master every hobby they try out. Thus, tweak on your strengths and stop spending too much time on your weaknesses.
“I studied every thing but never topped…. But today the toppers of the best universities are my employees”
― Bill Gates
Have other people work on what you're weak on while you build your strengths to the next level.
If you want to develop video games, but only know how to draw and create an amazing story, hire others who can work on the areas you need. If you want to make a comic book, but only know the plot to it, hire someone to draw for you.
You don't need to be rich to hire people to do things for you. Resources such as hiring High School or College students, Fiverr, or even Craigslist can be utilized if managed properly. Your strengths are then capable of giving you the advantages you need to reach the next level of your success.
If you'd like an insightful detailed way to utilize outside resources at a cheap cost, read The 4-Hour Workweek: Escape 9-5, Live Anywhere, and Join the New Rich (Expanded and Updated)
8. Never let your mistakes define who you are
People struggle with maintaining an image they want the world to see. They want others to believe they're incapable of making a mistake or failing. After all, failure is often interpreted as you coming across as either useless or dumb.
However, confident people never panic about making a mistake in public. They ignore the fear of accidentally saying something stupid in front of others, or feeling insecure when they do something embarrassing in public.
Confident people maintain an integrity to be okay with their mistakes because it never defines their identity. Failure will always be an uncomfortable process, but it's how you handle that situation that sets the difference between you and the average person. Check out 5 ways to deal with failure if this is a problem you constantly deal with.
Enjoyed This Article?
Share it with your friends on Facebook
You may also like
How to double your confidence with 7 Methods
Most Effective Confidence Building Exercises
How to improve self confidence and not be shy
Overcoming Shyness: An Easy Solution For You
An Electronic Resource for the Study of Medieval Irish Texts
Welcome to eSenchas!
Senchas ( /'ʃɛnχəs/ ) was the term used in medieval Irish for the accumulation of tales, history, tradition and other information which the learned classes drew on and composed to explore Ireland's past. In this website, we are aiming to provide the modern equivalent: Electronic Senchas, or eSenchas. This website gathers together a comprehensive range of the available digital tools which can be used to study, analyse and interpret medieval Irish texts.
eSenchas is intended as a resource for both specialists and non-specialists. The medieval Irish literary corpus offers a wealth of material to be explored: whether you are discovering this material for the first time, or wish to analyse a particular lexicographical detail, the digital resources provided here are designed to assist you.
Explore our online database of texts
Is í is brí le senchas ( /'ʃɛnχəs/ ) ná scéalta, stair, traidisiúin agus ábhar nach iad ar bhain an lucht léinn feidhm astu agus cuntas á chur le céile acu ar Éirinn san am a chuaigh thart. Ba mhaith linn leagan nua-aimseartha don gcoincheap sin a chur ar fáil leis an suímh idirlíon seo, Seanchas Eleictreónach – eSenchas. Is é atá bailithe anseo ná áiseanna digiteacha ar chabhair iad téacsanna Sean- agus Meán-Ghaeilge a léamh, a fhiosrú agus a mheas.
Is áis í eSenchas do mhic léinn agus do scoláirí araon. Tá saibhreas faoi leith ag baint le traidisiún liteartha meánaoiseach na hÉireann agus tá gort mór le treabhadh. Is cuma an duine le taithí nó gan taithí sa ghort úd tú, chabhróidh na háiseanna digiteacha seo leat pé ní atá le fiosrú agat. Bain taitneamh as!
Cuardaigh an stór téacsaí againn
Security reasons cited for protecting data that could show if taxpayer-funded homes are being rented out
The House of Commons speaker, John Bercow, is trying to block the publication of details of MPs' expenses which could show if they are renting their taxpayer-funded homes to each other, it has been reported.
Bercow has written to the regulator urging it not to release documents revealing the identities of MPs' landlords for security reasons, according to the Daily Telegraph.
The newspaper said disclosure would expose the extent to which MPs are taking advantage of a loophole that allows them to rent properties to each other.
It said the concession meant MPs could still build up property nesteggs at the taxpayer's expense, despite moves to stamp out the practice following the expenses scandal.
However, Bercow was said to have written to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (Ipsa) warning that its plan to reveal the identities of MPs' landlords had given rise to "grave concerns" about security.
The Telegraph quoted the letter as saying: "The processing of the data … could involve causing unwarranted damage and distress. I should be grateful if you and your colleagues would reconsider such a plan."
Labour MP John Mann said the attempt to prevent the publication of the details appeared to be a "return to the bad old days".
"If MPs are renting from past or current MPs it is right and proper the public is able to know that," they told the paper.
"There is nothing wrong with that, and there is nothing wrong in it being out there in the open. I have no problem in MPs renting it [a flat] out but the public is entitled to know that."
A spokesperson for Ipsa told the Telegraph: "We are committed to transparency as is shown by our regular publication of all claims by all MPs. We have a duty to balance that against the risk of compromising security.
"We are currently going through the process of gathering all the relevant information to get that judgment right."
Brother Cesare Bonizzi is a Capuchin Monk who was born in 1946 in Italy. They have always used music as a way of spiritual meditation, but one day they saw Metallica in concert and they were changed forever.
They formed a band called “Fratello Metallo” (“Metal Brother”), a heavy metal band saying that “Metal is the most energetic, vital, deep and true musical language that I know.”
Like any good Metal God, they sing about booze, smoking and sex, but they also cover spirituality and God as well. The band has developed quite a following, and have released several albums. They have even played at the “Gods of Metal” festival in Italy with Iron Maiden.
Bonizzi performs in full Franciscan habit. Although people often get a little excited when the mistake them making the “metal devil horns” in concert, they are actually extending their thumb along with the index and pinkie, which is actually the sign for “love” in sign language.
Here's the video of the Heavy Metal Monk
As the legalization of recreational marijuana gains momentum across the United States with public support at an all-time high, many advocates eagerly await to see what effect legalization will have on big alcohol. Will it be forced to fight for market share? Or is alcohol so heavily ingrained in our society that pot legalization will barely create a ripple with booze consumption remaining unaffected?
In the cannabis reform movement, it is an article of faith that the more pot is legally accessible, the less booze will be consumed, but is there evidence to support that theory? The answer to the overall question likely depends on how cannabis and alcohol interact in our culture, that is, whether pot will complement booze and vice versa or whether people will choose pot as an alternative to drinking.
Advertisement:
As Forbes explains, if the two substances are complements, then states legalizing marijuana would expect to see more consumption on both sides, which may increase competition and likely exacerbate pre-existing health concerns about over-consumption of alcohol, particularly in this era of mixing red bull and other highly caffeinated drinks with booze. However, if pot truly becomes a substitute for alcohol, than legalizing marijuana may reduce alcohol consumption.
According to economists, D. Mark Anderson and Daniel Rees, co-authors of the most recent research on this topic published in theJournal of Policy Analysis and Management, marijuana and alcohol are substitutes rather than complementarysubstances.
The co-authors cite a number of prior studies ranging from 2001-2013, which illustrate that as marijuana becomes more readily available, adults respond by drinking less, not more, with pot legalization associated with a reduction in heavy drinking amongst 18 to 29-year-olds and a five percent decrease in beer sales.
“We expect that legalization of recreational marijuana will lead to increased marijuana consumption coupled with decreased alcohol consumption. As a consequence, these states will experience a reduction in the social harms resulting from alcohol use,” the study revealed.
Consequently, economists predict pot legalization will produce a number of public health benefits, which will directly impact upon alcohol.
“There are many social benefits to legalizing marijuana. With legalization comes the benefit of reduced traffic fatalities and decreases in other social harms caused by alcohol consumption such as the rate of suicide. Overall, we predict the public-health benefits of legalization to be positive,” Anderson explained to AlterNet.
Advertisement:
This is consistent with a 2011 study comparing the relative physical, psychological, and social harms of alcohol to cannabis, which showed that alcohol was considered to be more than twice as harmful as cannabis to users and five times more harmful as cannabis to society. Co-author of that study, Dr. David Nutt, stood by those findings this week, claiming that alcohol consumption could fall as much as 25 percent if Dutch-style cannabis cafes were allowed.
So how has big alcohol responded to such claims about its “beloved beverages?” Last week, AlterNet reported that booze lobbyists were becoming increasingly pissed off at weed campaigns for drawing such comparisons between the two substances, which they say paint alcohol in a bad light.
At issue, was the latest move by pot lobbyist group, Marijuana Policy Project(MPP) in displaying signs around Portland, Maine leading up to the city's latest pot victory, which read: “I prefer marijuana over alcohol because it doesn't make me rowdy or reckless," and "I prefer marijuana over alcohol because it's less harmful to my body.”
Similar previous campaigns likening the health effects of the two substances such as the “Yes on 64” Campaign to Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol have also been successful in debunking the myth that alcohol is safer than pot, resulting in legalization of recreational marijuana use in Colorado.
Advertisement:
But while alcohol lobbyists have been critical of such campaigns in the past, pot activists have hit back saying comparisons are fair game since pot has been subject to a decade-long onslaught of government propaganda condemning its 'supposed harm' while alcohol continues to be glamorized and normalized.
According to Mason Tvert, from MPP and co-author of, Marijuana is safer: so why are we driving people to drink?, it is more than necessary to discuss marijuana's harm relative to alcohol because our nation clearly accepts that alcohol, which is a more harmful substance, should be legal, while marijuana remains prohibited.
“The [anti-marijuana] discussion is purely about marijuana being addictive and harmful. We can't just talk about that without highlighting that we accept alcohol use in society and marijuana is less addictive and less harmful than that substance. We believe adults should have the right to use marijuana responsibly because it is irrational to punish those who use a less harmful substance instead,” they said.
Advertisement:
Paul Armentano, Deputy Director of National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) and co-author of ‘Marijuana Is Safer, So Why Are We Driving People to Drink?' agrees:
“This is not an attack on alcohol. Nobody is calling to repeal alcohol. We're simply talking about a principle and public policy that we have in place for alcohol that we argue is good public policy and should therefore be applied to marijuana rather than the current alternative prohibition. We felt this comparison was apt in order to ask people: why do we embrace an objectively more harmful substance, while we criminalize those who choose the safer substance? The irony of this policy is that if one is to step back and assess it via any objective metric, they would see alcohol poses greater potential risks to both the individual users who consume it and to society as a whole, as opposed to cannabis which unlike alcohol is not legal and its users are stigmatized and criminalized for using a safer system,” they said.
Nonetheless, the beer industry remains resistant. Last week, Chris Thorne of the Beer Institute told the National Journal that it's a red herring to compare alcohol to pot:
Advertisement:
"We believe it's misleading to compare marijuana to beer. Beer is distinctly different both as a product and an industry. Factually speaking, beer has been a welcome part of American life for a long time. The vast majority drinks responsibly, so having caricatures won't really influence people,” they said.
Yet, when AlterNet pressed The Beer Institute to clarify its position given its prior vocal comments, the company backpedaled in delivering an utterly political and indifferent statement: “Beer importers are neutral on the issue of legalization.”
Likewise, the National Beer Wholesalers Association remained ambivalent, expressing to AlterNet: “NBWA is monitoring the growing debate about its legalization and the potential policy implications."
Moreover, the California Beer and Beverage Distributors (CBBD) refused AlterNet's continuous requests to comment on the issue, which isn't surprising considering in 2010 it spent thousands of dollars campaigning against recreational marijuana consumption in California's Prop 19 battle, which pro-marijuana groups say was motivated by a fear of competition.
Advertisement:
So why has the liquor biz which formerly had a lot to say about this topic suddenly gone mum on the issue of legalization? Is it afraid of the ramifications of legalizing pot on alcohol consumption or does is it simply see it as a non-issue given how entrenched alcohol already is in America's beer culture?
Undoubtedly, if pot leads to a reduction in alcohol consumption even by five percent, alcohol's profit margins will take a hit. Yet, according to Mason Tvert, alcohol really has no cause for concern, as the liquor industry isn't going anywhere.
"I wouldn't suggest that at present alcohol is keeping marijuana illegal. Obviously competition and substitution are at the root of their concern but I don't think it's something they need to worry about. Alcohol is widely embraced by the public and engrained in our culture. We have stadiums named after beer. I don't see that changing anytime soon irrespective of marijuana legalization,” they said.
Moreover, Tvert says alcohol doesn't really have all that much to gain by keeping pot illegal.
Advertisement:
“If their fear is competition and they work to make it illegal, there's going to be a lot of people upset by that and not going to want to purchase it, particularly in light of public opinion which demonstrates that the majority of Americans are in favor of legalization. Working to maintain marijuana prohibition would be a terrible PR move, as CBBD found out a couple of years ago when they got slammed for spending thousands of dollars to defeat cannabis legislation in California," they said.
Similarly, Armentano says they can't see marijuana ever being a direct, significant competition to alcohol, especially since people who use it do so despite its prohibition and those opposed to it publicly state that decision has little to do with criminalization or legal ramifications, but rather, they just don't like the way it makes them feel or the way they think it would make them feel:
“Are they complementary? Nobody has strong data one-way or the other. There hasn't been a nation or even a region of a nation that has allowed for both legal markets to exist side-by-side with one another and to act similarly as far as levels of production, or number of retail sale outlets go, so we don't know. That said, alcohol is ubiquitous in this country, I would be hard-pressed to think that marijuana would ever reach that level.
“My instinct tells me that there will be heavily-imposed restrictions on the way it's marketed to the public that are far more restrictive than the regulations that right now are governing the alcohol industry. If society and lawmakers were to say, ‘Yes lets bring marijuana into the free market,' it wouldn't be an entirely free market,” they said.
Advertisement:
Of course, not all in the alcohol biz are opposed to marijuana law reform. In fact, a few companies have begun to show their support, which suggests that perhaps the booze tide could be changing, slowly but surely.
Last week Budweiser teamed up with marijuana in an effort to bring about legalization to Arkansas by sponsoring the AMCA Music and Art Festival, San Francisco Chronicle reported. The collaboration was aimed at promoting theArkansas Medical Cannabis Act initiative for the 2014 ballot. The giant beer company even went so far as to promise to donate a portion of its beer sales to the legalization group Arkansans for Compassionate Care. What's more, earlier this year, Redhook Brewery announced a ‘hemp beer' called “Joint Effort” brewed from hemp seeds to celebrate cannabis legalization in Washington.
Such collaborative measures have supporters hopeful that as more states move to vote on the issue in the coming years and recreational pot shops are expected to open their doors for the first time in history on January 1, 2014, that other companies will follow suit and jump on the pot bandwagon in a bid to remove the fear and stigma surrounding pot in order to give marijuana the same chance that liquor received a century ago when its prohibition was removed.
After all, as Armentano explains, no one is arguing that marijuana is innocuous, only that the relative harm compared to alcohol is nominal. If as a society we acknowledge it is better public policy to legalize and regulate alcohol because of its potential harms to users, than by that same logic, it would be a better public health initiative to regulate cannabis for the same reason:
Advertisement:
“Right now, we have no controls on cannabis; there's an absence of control. The way to control it is to to regulate it but we only have regulation after legalization. That is what we did with alcohol, that's what we ought to do with marijuana based on the same principles."
Appearance and function match the final product, but is made with different manufacturing methods.
Looks like the final product, but is not functional.
Demonstrates the functionality of the final product, but looks different.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
We've designed a new badge with DefCon in mind that we want to make available to everyone.
This badge comes with WiFi capability due to the on-board ESP8266 module.
It is Arduino compatible and we're including an Arduino sketch with examples to show you how to interface with the hardware on the badge. In order to keep things simple we're creating an interface to a second chip, the ATTiny88, that will handle the LEDs and capacitive touch buttons auto-magically for you.
The badge comes with the ability to scan for and display SSIDs on the 128x32 OLED screen and will light up the appropriate LED for each WiFi channel. These LEDs can also be used to display various bling animations. You can change the code yourself using the Arduino IDE and our sample code to make it do new things!
We need your help to order enough of these from China to make them worthwhile. We want to make at least 100 of these badges.
If you buy a badge you will get the sticker and challenge coin!
CLOSE All six members of the military's Joint Chiefs of Staff appeared before the Senate Armed Services Committee Tuesday to discuss the sexual assault crisis in the armed forces, acknowledging it's 'like a cancer' that could destroy the force. (June 4) AP
Top uniformed officers admit they lost focus on the issue.
General Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, gives their opening statement sitting with the rest of the Joint Chiefs at a hearing on military sexual assaults before the Senate Committee on Armed Services. (Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY) Story Highlights Service chiefs want commanders to keep ability to overturn sexual assault verdicts
Committee chairperson called sexual assaults a "stain on our military"
Supporters of bills say the military often ignores reports of sexual assault
WASHINGTON -- The military's top uniformed officers acknowledged before a Senate panel Tuesday that they had lost focus on sexual assaults in their services while they also opposed proposals that would remove commanders' discretion to overturn decisions to prosecute troops and throw out their convictions.
"I took my eye off the ball in the commands I had," said Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in response to a statement by Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., that little had changed despite 20 years of negative publicity.
A decade of war, Dempsey said, had pushed aside the issue in favor of improving "command climate."
Some members of the Senate Armed Services Committee supported the service chiefs' opposition to legislation that would strip commanders of their ability to overturn jury decisions in sexual assault and harassment cases. Others, however, hammered the military for its consistent failure to stem the growing number of such cases.
Calls for overhaul of the military justice system have grown louder since the Pentagon released a report last month showing a 35% jump in the estimated number of sexual abuse incidents in 2012 compared with 2010.
"You have lost the trust of the men and women who rely on you that you will actually bring justice," Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., told the leaders of the Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, Coast Guard and Navy. They have introduced one of seven bills the committee is considering to deal with sexual assault in the military.
The bill from Gillibrand, who chairs the subcommittee on personnel matters, would put decisions to handle sexual assault cases in the hands of military judges and juries. Currently, decisions on charges, the jury's makeup and whether a conviction or punishment can stand are handled by a defendant's superior. That commander receives advice from a military lawyer.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., vowed to make changes.
"The situation of sexual exploitation in the armed services is beyond the pale. Something has to be done about it. It cannot continue," Reid said Tuesday. "And I'm looking at every one of these bills that have been suggested, and we're going to have to do something. And I'm not picking and choosing which bill, but I hope that the Armed Services Committee will report quickly to the floor with the direction they think we should take."
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., said the crisis had grown so dire that they could no longer recommend to a young woman to join the armed services.
Gillibrand told the chiefs that not all commanders are committed to dealing with sexual harassment and assault. Some, they said, do not welcome women in the military. Others don't "differentiate between a slap on the ass and rape because they merge all these crimes together."
They told them that they had lost the trust of the men and women that they will bring justice because, in part, they fear retaliation.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., appeared exasperated that Adm. Jonathan Greenert, the chief of Naval Operations, wasn't aware of how U.S. allies had dealt with sexual assault. How could that be the case, Blunt asked, since the problem has been known for years?
Greenert acknowledged that was "something I should have done."
.
Sen. Carl Levin, a Michigan Democrat and the committee chairperson, said it was up to commanders, not just laws, to ensure that sexual assault is not tolerated. "The problem of sexual assault is of such scope and magnitude that it has become a stain on our military," they said.
"As important as some of these additional protections and procedural changes may be, however, we cannot successfully address this problem without a culture change throughout the military," Levin said. "Discipline is the heart of the military culture, and trust is its soul. The plague of sexual assault erodes both the heart and the soul."
Odierno told the committee that "we cannot legislate our way out of this problem."
They acknowledged the service had "failed in our efforts to date to protect" soldiers and civilians from sexual assault and harassment.
Commanders, however, need to keep their authority in handling sexual assault cases, Odierno said. Removing that authority will make commanders less accountable, affect unit discipline and delay punishment, they said.
The other chiefs on the panel agreed.
Greenert said commanders' discretion in criminal matters is critical to the Navy, where ships may be deployed far from military courts.
Gen. James Amos, the commandant of the Marine Corps, also agreed. "Commanding officers never delegate responsibility and accountability, and they should never be forced to delegate their authority," they said.
Sen. James Inhofe of Oklahoma, the panel's ranking Republican, sided with the chiefs on the issue, saying they opposed measures that would strip commanders of authority.
Sens. Carl Levin, D-Mich., and John McCain, R-Ariz., talk before the Joint Chiefs of Staff testify during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing regarding sexual assaults in the military on June 4. (Photo: Jack Gruber, USA TODAY)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/15Ds5iX
Architectural sketching is becoming a thing of the past – at least that's how it seems to me most days. I graduated eons ago back in 1992, back in the days that pre-date computers being used in the studio. This doesn't mean that everyone who graduated in my era could sketch – far from it. What it does mean is that we learned how to think and communicate our ideas in a slightly different manner from the students graduating from modern-day architecture programs. Now that I've been at this “architect” thing for a little while, I can look at my sketches, all the way back to my time in school, and see how my sketch technique has evolved and how that technique has shaped my architectural solutions.
Looking back over 25 years of my sketches is kinda freaky to be honest. I'm not sure I would have made this observation had I not started writing this blog and posting my sketches for others to view. While I don't think I am particularly gifted at sketching beautiful drawings, I do think that I have a style that has become recognizable as my own – and that is pretty awesome to discover. Over the last four years, I have published a handful of articles where I share my thoughts and observations on the process and value that I believe sketching offers an architect. Through these posts, I get a considerable amount of feedback from people who are kind enough to let me know that they like the way I sketch. I've even mailed off a few sketches to people who have requested them – a mind-boggling idea quite honestly – the people in my office get my sketches all the time and they end up in the recycle bin 100% of the time.
Since I didn't have anything else to write am such a generous person, I thought I would pull the curtain back today and share with everyone a handful of the techniques I use when sketching. While this might burst the illusion for some of you that I can actually sketch well, I think you'll see that these techniques are easy to incorporate into your own sketches and before you know it, you'll be fooling people just like me!
.
Before we get to the actual tips, let's talk some tools of the trade real quick:
Almost 100% of my sketches are created using two pens. I use the Sharpie Permanent Marker – ‘Ultra Fine Point‘ for my thin lines and the ‘Fine Point‘ for my profile (heavy) lines. I use a 12″ wide x 50 yard long roll of trace paper, and an architectural scale (which is used to measure out dimensions as I sketch and I use the edge to tear the trace paper off the roll). On occasion, I will use an Alvin 10″ Parallel Glider but normally only when I am sketching out dimensioned floor plan concepts.
It drives me slightly crazy to have a roll of trace paper constantly rolling away when I am trying to sketch. A tip I learned from my current partner, some 20+ years ago, was to smash the roll slightly so that the tube gets crushed. Instead of the roll being round, it's now oval-shaped and won't roll away. It also helps me know which rolls of trace paper in the office are mine. Just some food for thought …
So let's get to it – here are 5 Tips and Techniques that should improve your architectural sketches
[all the images I've used in this post were collected off the Life of an Architect site and Instagram feed from the last 4 years. It shows that I've been consistent in using these techniques.]
TIP #01: “The Hit-Go-Hit”
I learned this technique from my friend Jon Kathol 18 years ago. The ‘Hit-Go-Hit' tip is a way for you to pick up and set your pen back down on the page as you're drawing in a purposeful manner. Why would you need to do something like that you ask? Well, tip #02 will elaborate a bit more (come to think of it, Tip #02 should really be the first tip in terms of importance but I'm not going to remake the graphic) but whenever you are drawing a straight line, you'll frequently find that you need to reposition your arm, or the paper, to continue drawing. Make that reset look intentional and add some graphic flair with this technique.
If you use this ‘Hit-Go-Hit' technique, you'll find that your straight lines will actually become a lot straighter. It's kind of amazing to see the difference a sketch with straight lines looks over one that's all squidgy and wonky. (yes, those are real architectural words in case you're wondering …)
TIP #02: “Don't Move your Pen/Pencil by Bending Your Wrist or Elbow”
I should also point out that you shouldn't “push” your pen across the page, you should always “pull” it. Lock your wrist and elbow into a comfortable angle and only move your entire arm when sketching. As you get more skilled, this tip can be relaxed and you can first bend your elbow and ultimately your wrist. In the beginning, by limiting your movement to the entire arm, you'll end up with straighter lines. And since you can only move your arm so far, that's when the hit-go-hit technique comes in. Now all of a sudden you realize that you need to reset your pen on the page more often than you did previously.
Using the technique where I only move my entire arm, my sketches have straight lines in them – which really does make a big difference.
TIP #03: “Incorporate the Use of Pen Weight”
This technique is a biggie … you have to use line weight to help convey depth to your sketch. More gifted sketchers and take care of depth using hatches and shading techniques so eventually that's something you can take on. In the meantime, use two pens and get some profile lines into your sketches. Don't know what profile lines are? You need to know and I strongly recommend that you pick up a copy of ‘Architectural Graphics‘ by Francis D.K. Ching. I've had my copy since 1986 and still look at it from time to time. Ching's book (along with my studio professors) taught me how to show profile lines – their use defines the look of my sketches as well as a generation of other architects.
Another benefit to using a heavy pen is that it can help show you what you should be looking at – what the point of the sketch might be. Multiple pen weights help the viewer understand the order of things within the drawing, and through proper technique, they can also show to the viewer what's not important in the sketch.
TIP #04: “Intersect Your Lines at the Corners”
This is pure style and allows the inexact nature of a sketch to come across as what it is – a delineated representation of a thought or concept. Sounds a bit like architectural mumbo-jumbo but it really isn't. The inexact nature of the sketch – when attempted to be exact – looks sloppy and, well … inexact. By allowing your lines to cross at the corners, you can still convey the thought (or shape) you are going after, without having to focus on making the shape perfect. There is a “in-the-moment” that sketches imply and if you look at the two rectangles illustrated above, I think the one on the left looks far better despite the fact that it is far less precise or exact than the rectangle on the right.
I think this crossing of lines at the corners is a carryover from when I used to hand-draft with a pencil. The beginning and end of a line had slightly darker marks than the middle of the line and they accentuated the edges very crisply. Just about every line I have ever drawn by hand in the last 20 years crosses at the corner – take that for it's worth.
TIP #05: “Trace Paper isn't Precious … Draw in Layers”
The design process is typically additive so why shouldn't your sketches be as well? Since most of my sketches happen on trace paper and not in a sketch book, I am able to lay sketch upon sketch to build up and refine my finished sketch. I may start with a clean piece of trace paper for every sketch, but it's only that first sketch that doesn't have the benefit of something prior to work from.
A lot of the sketches I draw are the result of several iterations of tracing … one idea superimposed over the other. Tracing allows me to take advantage of my previous work while experimenting with new ideas and concepts.
Those are the 5 main sketch techniques that I use that create the “look” of my drawings … nothing magical about them.
I have also assembled the 5 best sketching posts that I've written to date on Life of an Architect. While none of the other posts I've written have talked about the technique behind the sketches, they cover a wide range of other perspectives as they relate to why an architect should sketch and its value. I've included the links to these posts for you, along with the short introduction to each article. I think they are all worth reading and commenting on, they are some of the most visited posts on this site.
Architectural Sketches
Architects sketch as part of the process when doing their job … at least I do. There are many different styles and techniques that architects use when graphically working through problems. [this post discusses why I created certain sketches]
Drawing Like an Architect
You don't have to draw well to be an architect!! Sure it doesn't hurt but let's pull the curtain back and be honest here for a minute. Architects communicate through drawing – we aren't making art. [This post is for people concerned that bad at sketching = can't be an architect]
Your Sketches Speak for Themselves
I recently had a conversation about the importance of sketching and my job. With the prevalence of computer 3D software, fewer and fewer graduates from the design profession are entering the “real” world with the ability to hold a pen, pencil, paintbrush – whatever – and work through their ideas, explore concepts, or sit across from a client and communicate through drawings. [This post discusses that sketching reveals how you think and we look at sketches from my sketchbook that are almost 19 years old. What's your guess … Have my sketches gotten any better?]
Architectural Sketching
Architects should sketch. You may not think you are very good at sketching but if it helps you work through your thoughts, I would argue that you are in fact, very good at sketching. [This post compares my sketches to those of my partner Michael Malone who is far more gifted at sketching than I am – and discusses why both types are important and have value.]
Sketching Out a Design Solution
I received an email asking if I would share details from some of my projects. While I bristle at the risk I might be exposing myself to, I remembered that I enjoy looking at details quite a bit, so I thought I would try to come up with something. [This post shows how the design was created through the actual process of sketching. It includes construction details that were created as the major design elements of the project.]
I hope this post inspires you to pull out your pens and paper and start sketching. I've come to believe that if you can sketch well enough to convey your ideas, our clients are the real winners.
Happy sketching,
A few years back VPFA Jamie Moffitt set up a “Budget Advisory Group” (BAG) to help them sort through the proposals for millions in dollars of urgently needed new funding – stuff like giving the library enough money to keep its book-buying budget from shrinking, upgrade the wifi, retention money for faculty, and so on. The BAG advises Moffitt on how to spend $1M or so – though of course JH gets the final call.
I think it was in 2013 that the BAG allocated $500K, plus $150K recurring, on a computer system to interface the newly armed UOPD with the EPD. I was on the BAG this year, I think all the money ended up going to wifi and IT consultants, except maybe a token amount to the libraries. Chump change when VPFA Moffitt is giving $10M to bail out Dean Moffitt's law school.
Obviously the BAG needs more money to work with. Therefore I'm following up on today's Senate Realignment Town Hall with a proposal for a De-Budget Advisory Group (DBAG) composed of faculty, OA's, staff, and students. Its charge will be to search for things that UO really should stop spending money on. Membership will determine by the waste and irrelevance to UO's core academic mission of the expenditures that self-nominees identify for de-funding.
The DBAG concept has already been enthusiastically endorsed by at least one senior UO administrator – but it's up to all of us to make it work. Your suggestions are welcome in the comments.
4/26/2016: Senate Town Hall on Realignment, Wed at 3:30 in Straub 156:
University Senate Town Hall meeting
The University Senate will be hosting a Town Hall meeting to discuss the impact of the resource realignment process on academic units. All members of the university community are welcome to attend.
April 27, 2016 in Straub 156 from 3:30 P.M. to 5:30 P.M.
The forum will address the principles, goals, processes, and results of the realignment thus far—with an eye to our institutional future.
If you are unable to attend in person, you can access the live-stream here: Watch Live
By @MichaelCaples –
Ryan Larkin had themselves quite a weekend, and the National Collegiate Hockey Conference took notice.
The Miami RedHawks goaltender posted their first collegiate shutout, and in doing so earned NCHC goaltender of the week honors.
Larkin, a Clarkston native, stopped 33 shots to lead their Miami squad to a 5-0 victory over Maine Saturday night on home ice. It was the first shutout recorded by the first-year student netminder, and it came a day after Larkin helped the RedHawks to a 3-3 tie against the same opponent.
On the weekend, Larkin stopped 51 shots, good for a .944 save percentage.
In five starts this season, the first-year student netminder holds a 2-1-2 record, a 1.75 goals-against average and a .931 save percentage.
Larkin is a Honeybaked AAA and Cedar Rapids RoughRiders (USHL) product.
MORE:
Rick Campanelli (born January 5, 1970) is a Canadian television and radio personality known for their work as a VJ and host for MuchMusic and for co-hosting ET Canada.
Life and career [ edit ]
Campanelli was born and raised in Hamilton, Ontario in a working class Italian-Canadian family; they are the youngest of four siblings.[3][1] Campanelli and their family are Roman Catholic.[1][4] Campanelli attended St. Mary Catholic Secondary School in Hamilton, Ontario. They also attended Brock University, earning a degree in physical education.[5]
Campanelli was first introduced to the MuchMusic viewers as the winner of MuchMusic's 1994 MuchTemp contest.[6] Originally they were nicknamed "The Temp" (or, famously, "Rick the Temp").[2] Campanelli has since been labeled "The Franchise" for their long tenure and high popularity while on MuchMusic. In addition to being a video jockey, they also co-hosted Much on Demand,[7] The MuchMusic Countdown[8] and The MuchMusic Radio Countdown.[9]
Campanelli's final appearance on MuchMusic was August 26, 2005, on MuchOnDemand. They were subsequently announced as one of the reporters for ET Canada, a new Canadian licensee of Entertainment Tonight, which was launched on September 12, 2005.[10]
In early 2007, Campanelli hosted the Canada's Case Game segments on Global's Deal or No Deal Canada, during that series' first limited run.
Campanelli is involved with several charitable organizations including World Vision Canada,[11] Tuberous Sclerosis, Big Brothers/Big Sisters, McMaster Children's Hospital, and Kids Help Phone.[12] On May 27, 2009, they hosted the Youth and Philanthropy Initiative in Toronto.
In February 2016, Toronto radio station CFNY-FM announced that Campanelli will join the station as co-host with Fred Kennedy and Melanie Mariani of the station's morning show, beginning June 27.[13]
In July 2017, it was announced that Campanelli would depart as co-host of ET Canada after 12 years when their contract ended in summer 2017.[14] They appeared on ET Canada through August 2017.[14]
References [ edit ]
This wildlife-themed wall mural seems to invite the viewer to untangle the mess of animals, to make sense of the many shapes and colors all thrown together. It looks haphazard, and for the typical art viewer it may not seem to make visual or practical sense. But once a light switch is flipped, the method to this madness is quickly revealed.
The multi-colored layers of animal shapes are not meant to simply confuse the eye; rather, they are a sort of color puzzle that only becomes apparent once the ambient light shifts from one color to the next. It is an RGB (red-green-blue) mural that is chaotic in white light but perfectly ordered in red, green or blue light.
Different parts of the mural are revealed as the room's light changes color. A simple colored filter over the room's lighting source or a piece of colored transparent plastic held over different areas of the mural reveal one layer of the piece at a time. The once-jumbled mass of lines and colors resolve into three separate pieces of art all occupying the same physical space on the wall.
The mural and many other smaller, similar pieces are the work of Milan-based collective Carnovsky. The pair of artists experiments with the visual effects of chromatic manipulation as well as the emotional associations of the different colors. The smaller works, such as the Tarot cards above, are fun to look at but lack the awe-inspiring effect of an entire room of shape-shifting RGB art.
Daniel Cates Confirms: "Dwan lost a $20m pot in Macau"
Teemu - Saturday, April 23, 2016, Written by- Saturday, April 23, 2016, Live poker
Daniel “Jungleman12” Cates has been answering poker fans questions recently in an eye-opening Ask Me Anything -thread.
It has been rumored for years now that Tom "durrrr" Dwan has played some massive pots in Macau's ultra high-stakes cash games. In their AMA, Cates now finally confirms that Dwan once lost a staggering US$20,000,000 pot in a set-over-set situation.
According to Cates, it was the biggest pot they have ever witnessed and they can't say who the other player involved in the hand was.
Cates also updates the Durrrr Challenge situation once again. According to Cates, they will talk with Dwan later how to proceed with the challenge:
"Tom's dad is sick and they are in New Jersey with him, later we will discuss how to proceed...
I think it will eventually finish in some way, tom acknowledges it has been too long as well as the penalties and we will discuss again once they are out of their latest crises....", Cates Said
The entire AMA can be found from here.
REAL HISTORY. REAL TIME.
With every scrape of an archaeologist's trowel, stirring of a pot, or planting of a seed, we're coming a little bit closer to understanding the history of the Colony and the lives of the people who lived here.
Established in 1621 by Sir George Calvert (the First Lord Baltimore), the Colony of Avalon is widely recognized as the best preserved early English colonial site in North America. Today, on-going work at the Colony is changing the way we understand that past.
Think early Newfoundlanders lived in hovels on a diet of fish, fish and more fish? Think all Catholics were persecuted and women were second class citizens? Think again! Imagine a place where substantial stone and timber-frame houses lined a “prettie” cobblestone street, where protestants AND catholics worshipped in peace, and a woman held most of the power!
Join our on-going quest to uncover the Colony. It's all happening right here, right now, right before your eyes. Want to see how you can become an archeologist for a day, 1/2 day, or an hour? Click here: Archaeology Dig Programs
Get in touch with us
A screenshot of Noirbnb, a service started after complaints of racial discrimination on Airbnb. (Photo11: Noirbnb.com)
SAN FRANCISCO — Two tech start-ups with similar names, Noirbnb and Noirebnb, are launching temporary lodging services for African Americans as #AirbnbWhileBlack discrimination complaints mount.
Black Airbnb users are sharing their stories of discrimination while trying to book reservations on Airbnb under the hashtag #AirbnbWhileBlack. A Harvard Business School study found widespread discrimination by Airbnb hosts against guests whose names sounded distinctly black. On Airbnb, users identify themselves with their real name and a photograph — information some hosts used to avoid renting to African Americans.
I'm happy #NoireBnB is happening. I felt apprehensive booking on AirBnB due to the discriminatory practices that some of the hosts implement — #MoanOfLisa (@wordsbywanna) June 6, 2016
An African-American man is suing Airbnb for racial discrimination, alleging it did nothing when they were rejected by a host because of their race. Airbnb banned a host in North Carolina last week after they used racist language to reject a 28-year-old Nigerian woman trying to reserve their home because they were black.
CEO Brian Chesky said the incident was "disturbing and unacceptable." "Racism and discrimination have no place on Airbnb," they tweeted.
Brian Chesky's company Airbnb may get competition for African-American travelers from new tech start-ups Noirbnb and Noirebnb. (Photo11: Martin E. Klimek, USA TODAY)
Airbnb spokesperson Nick Papas declined to comment on Noirbnb and Noirebnb.
The services say they will launch soon with the aim of providing a safe, friendly and inclusive travel experience for African Americans, as well as people of any race or ethnicity.
Rohan Gilkes, a 40-year-old tech entrepreneur who splits their time between Tampa, Fla., and Washington, D.C., says they began working on Noirebnb 2 1/2 weeks ago after attempting twice to book a house in Idaho but being told the dates they wanted were not available. A white friend was able to book the house for those dates. Gilkes says soon after they chronicled the experience in a Medium post, their inbox filled up with people who say they, too, were discriminated against based on race, sexual orientation or physical disability.
"I felt a responsibility to do something," said Gilkes, who hopes to launch the service in six weeks.
I look forward to supporting @noirebnb in my travel adventures. — Kima Jones (@kima_jones) June 6, 2016
For anyone who's been discriminated against using #AirbnbWhileBlack, there is now a better way: @Noirbnb
👏🏾👏🏾
Support the hell out of them!! — eri (@ericabaguma) June 5, 2016
Entrepreneurs Ronnia Cherry, a 30-year-old marketing professional from Miama, and Stefan Grant, a 27-year-old musician and producer from Washington, D.C., say they rented a house in Atlanta while Grant was performing at a musical festival there in October.
"The next day the neighbors called the police because they thought we were robbing the house. The cops showed up with guns drawn," Grant says. "Luckily we were able to deescalate the situation."
Airbnb spotted the selfie they took with the police officers and reached out to Cherry and Grant to offer free bookings on the service.
"But we knew that wasn't going to solve the problem. We wanted to make sure our situation never happened again," Grant said. "That's when we conceptualized Noirbnb."
Airbnb flew the pair out to San Francisco to hear them out. "We told them it would happen again," Grant said. "I am not sure if they thought we were joking or if they didn't take us seriously."
Cherry and Grant say they checked in again with Airbnb which, with discrimination complaints making headlines, was working on its own initiatives.
"We decided racism and discrimination were still happening so it was pretty much up to us to solve the issue," Grant said.
Over the weekend, they announced Noirbnb.
"The response has been amazing and beyond anything we expected," Cherry said.
Cherry concedes having two companies with such similar names is confusing and says Noirbnb is talking to Noirebnb about what to do.
"We haven't reached an agreement but we are open," they said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1X7SOB9
Nine months before the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, a small victory in the epic fight against the dark side of sports seemed to be at hand. A victory over the army of cheats who seek an unfair advantage by injecting blood booster EPO and testosterone or by taking anabolic steroids.
"Hilton Hotel Security found another syringe in the room of two athletes." That's how Victor Burgos, an investigator for the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA), began an email they sent on Nov. 22, 2015, at 5:24 p.m. A former police officer from New York, Burgos wrote: "I passed the information, athlete names and room number to Brad and they are picking up the evidence and handling test planning."
USADA headquarters is located in an office complex in the town of Colorado Springs at the edge of the Rocky Mountains. The men and women who work here are considered the most tenacious doping investigators in the world. In recent years, the agency has uncovered the doping practices of some of the biggest names in sports, including cyclist Lance Armstrong and the world-class sprinters Tyson Gay and Marion Jones.
The message sent by Burgos electrified the headquarters staff and USADA head Travis Tygart wanted to know where the athletes were from. Bradley Guye, who took the lead on the case, replied that they were two female weightlifters from Egypt. The pair was staying at a Hilton Hotel in Houston, where the world championships were taking place.
Guye inquired as to whether they should perform a drug test. "Yes," answered USADA headquarters, adding that, in addition to urine, blood samples were also necessary to determine by way of a DNA test which of the athletes had used the syringe that had been found.
In a message a short time later, Guye reported that there were anonymous eyewitnesses claiming to have seen a male weightlifter injecting themselves with something before weighing in prior to competition.
There was quite a bit going on, it seemed, at the world championships in Houston. USADA head Tygart was stunned. "Wow this is the Wild Wild West!" they wrote in an email.
The names of the two weightlifters, in whose room the syringe was found, are unimportant. They only made a brief appearance on the investigators' radar before disappearing again. They were tested in their Houston hotel room, but the results were negative. The investigation had been in vain.
In a report to the global weightlifting federation, USADA wrote that it might make sense for the organization to introduce a "no-needles policy" for the sport. But they couldn't do much else.
The fight against doping is comparable to the battle against drugs: There is no real way to win it. But it must be fought nonetheless. Otherwise, all control would be lost.
Dopers have become increasingly unconscionable. They continually find new methods and they can count on an army of accomplices to aid them in their fraud: dealers, doctors, trainers and officials who supply their clients with the necessary substances -- and charge a fair amount for doing so.
Most countries that send athletes to the Olympic Games have special institutions that are responsible for going after the dopers. These national anti-doping agencies are akin to small outposts on a vast front line. Some of them take their jobs seriously, but not all.
USADA is among the most effective organizations in the fight against doping. It employs medical professionals, chemists and forensic experts who are intimately familiar with the lists of banned substances and the active ingredients they contain in addition to the doping practices used by athletes. The agency's 100 or so employees send out investigators to check on athletes who have fallen under suspicion.
Until now, little had been known about how the agency goes about hunting down suspected dopers. But in December, the hacker group Fancy Bears provided SPIEGEL with several sets of data containing PDF and Word documents in addition to hundreds of internal emails from USADA and WADA, the World Anti-Doping Agency. The material provides a look at the day-to-day work of the agencies during the Olympics year of 2016: how they did their research, the tactics they used and the actions they took if they suspected a violation.
The data also reveals the frustration they experienced when investigators were on the heels of a doping cheat, but were unable to bring them or them to justice -- and their frustration that such failures lead to ongoing sordidness in the sporting world.
Ozone Therapy
WADA is the umbrella organization of all doping investigators. Each year, it publishes a list of banned substances and treatments and currently, there are around 300 substances on the index. More are added all the time. A drug that may have still been allowed at the beginning of the year could result in a doping ban just a couple of months later.
It is up to the athletes to keep track of what is allowed and what is not, but for many of them, doing so is apparently a significant challenge. USADA staff is frequently surprised by how little some athletes know of the rules -- or want to know.
In early May, three months before the opening ceremony in Rio, the phone rang at the information hotline run by USADA. An athlete was on the other end of the line and mentioned during the conversation that they had used ozone therapy. The USADA employee was shocked.
Ozone therapy involves withdrawing blood, enriching it with an ozone-oxygen mixture and then reintroducing it into the veins. The method is considered a form of blood doping and has been banned by WADA since 2011. The athlete on the phone, though, claimed they had "no idea."
The athlete's doctor, who then contacted USADA, likewise professed to being "completely surprised" that blood treatment was not allowed for athletes. Fully five years ago, 30 German athletes had been under suspicion of doping because they had had their blood treated by a medical professional.
A USADA agent wrote a friendly letter to the American Association of Ozonotherapy. "We have unfortunately witnessed situations where health care providers have unwittingly jeopardized athlete eligibility as a result of unfamiliarity with the fact that that IV infusions, the delivery of blood products and other therapies involving the blood, such as ozone therapy, are 'prohibited methods' according to the World Anti-Doping Agency. Health care providers in your organization may be unaware (of) that."
The letter also included the terse observation that doctors who perform unauthorized procedures on athletes are punishable by law.
Fish Oil and Cortisone
Doping investigators are well aware of just how corrupt the top levels of sports are. But part of their job is helping athletes and informing them of what is allowed and what is not. Often, athletes contact the agency to ask about whether certain cough medicines can be taken without fear of reprisal. On one occasion, a world-class triathlete sent an email because they wanted to know the blood values from a doping test that they had undergone. They were politely informed that USADA does not provide such data for fear that it might be used for "self-diagnosis" or self-treatment. Have a nice day.
A what point, though, does doping actually begin? As part of each doping test, athletes have to fill out a "Declaration of Use" (DOU) form in which they must indicate which medicines and other substances they have taken in the past seven days.
SPIEGEL is in possession of the DOU forms submitted by dozens of American athletes, including cyclists, soccer players and track-and-field athletes. They show that in the run up to Rio, athletes took pretty much everything that was available on the legal market.
There are weightlifters who take milk protein to build up their muscles, tennis players who use acylcarnitine to improve their concentration and triathletes who swear by fish oil, for no discernible reason.
Some DOUs are rather questionable. Galen Rupp, who won the marathon bronze in Rio and who is considered the fastest white long-distance runner in the world, takes the asthma medicine Advair. They also take Combivent, a medicine that expands the airways, and Cytomel for weight loss.
On their form, Rupp wrote that they take the medications merely to treat conditions such as asthma and an underactive thyroid gland. "None of the medicines are banned."
That is true. Most of the substances listed by athletes in their DOUs are allowed. But it is nevertheless a gray area because the consumption of such medications has become so excessive. Most athletes seem to follow the strategy of taking as much as possible. They swallow all manner of substances in the hope of seeing some sort of benefit.
Like Justin Gatlin. The 100-meter Olympic gold medalist in 2004 apparently eats dietary supplements like they are candy. In their DOU from spring 2016, they listed all of the products that they had consumed:
Beta-alanine, amino acid, one spoonful;
Calcium and magnesium, one spoonful;
EPIQ 3X Muscle, a muscle-growth supplement, one tablet;
EPIQ HEAT GC, a weight-loss supplement, one tablet;
EPIQ Ripped, another weight-loss supplement, one tablet;
EPIQ Protein, a regenerative supplement, one spoonful;
EPIQ Test, a testosterone booster, one tablet;
MD Plus Test, another testosterone booster, one tablet;
MD Plus G Boost, a muscle-growth preparation, one tablet;
MD Plus Lipoflush, a substance to promote the burning of fat, one tablet;
MD Plus Power Drink, one spoonful;
MD Plus Thermo Cell, another weight-loss supplement, one tablet.
All of the above preparations can be ordered with just a few clicks on the internet. Gatlin reported that they took all of the substances on April 18 -- eight tablets and four powders, all in just one day.
The transition from such legal performance enhancement to actual doping is sometimes rather fluid. World-class athletes spend a significant amount of time searching for new preparations and methods that aren't yet on the list of banned substances and practices -- anything that promises some sort of positive effect.
The Fancy Bears documents show that U.S. sprinters Allyson Felix and Sanya Richard-Ross, both of whom have won multiple Olympic gold medals, have taken dexamethasone, known as dex for short. It is a cortisone preparation that helps mountain climbers combat the effects of altitude sickness, improves concentration and accelerates recovery.
He's 3-0 with a 2.52 ERA in four starts, logging 25 innings.
That's Cole Hamels's line.
It's A.J. Griffin's line, too.
Opponents are hitting .227/.340/.409 off Hamels, compared to .189/.263/.333 off Griffin, who made the club's lengthiest start of the year in last night's hammering of the Yanks, and now owns the big league's third-longest active streak of starts lasting at least 5.0 innings (32).
Now, the point of the above is that I'll take both of them, thanks.
But what happens to Griffin when Yu Darvish returns in a few weeks?
Nomar Mazara: Another two hits last night, on their 21st birthday, ratcheting their line up to .365/.426/.519.
What happens to Mazara when Shin-Soo Choo comes back, even setting aside Josh Hamilton's own return?
Four of Brett Nicholas's hits have gone for extra bases (including the only home run — and only earned run — Dellin Betances has surrendered all season), and he's been really solid behind the plate.
What happens to Nicholas when Chris Gimenez, who is now playing on a rehab assignment in Frisco, is ready to rejoin the big club?
Could Delino DeShields (2 for their last 27 — a bunt single and an infield single — and 8 for 41 with 12 strikeouts and two walks since their April 13 home run) and Jurickson Profar (.324/.387/.471 at Round Rock) be teammates for the first time very soon . . . and not in Arlington?
Joey Gallo: .270/.413/.683 at Round Rock, with 16 walks (second most in all of AAA), 19 strikeouts (23.8 percent frequency, compared to 39.4 percent in AAA last year), three multi-homer games already, and significantly longer at-bats.
When?
Where?
What got into Phil Klein (6.1-2-0-0-0-9)?
Have you taken a look at Tony Barnette's numbers since their debut outing?
Is this the real Ian Desmond?
Is this the real Elvis Andrus?
This feels like the end of an after-school “Batman” episode.
They're are real questions. Nothing rhetorical about them.
I don't know for sure who left the note on Mike's windshield (I have a good idea), but I can't wait to find out once “Better Call Saul” comes back around.
I have no clue what Radiohead's new album in June will sound like, but I'm on the edge of my seat.
These things will all sort themselves out.
Can't wait.
The first page of a short color comic I made 2 years ago, to complete a little tutorial book I made.
It was done in a hurry and I had difficulties with the page size @_@ *and it's easy to see it when looking at the next pages*
No english translation for the comic as it's too complicated for me *if you success to do a good translation, cookie for you! It means your english/french skills are really good*
The first page is simple so yeah:
"Some tears.
And theirs voice...
Why are you crying, my love?
Close my eyes, listen to my breath fading...
Cause you know...
You know...
... that I will recognize the taste of your kisses."
Blaaah it's awfully shojooooo once translated in english, it's almost embarrassing >__> so basically it's poor Blanche who doesn't like themselves and meet this psychopath named Calixte, they fell in love lalala but she's sick and dying. The end. The translation of the last page would be this:
"(in the end) Calixte made me sleep.
Don't cry.
Isn't our love eternal?
Won't you wake me with a kiss?
I know the taste of your lips,
the touch of your fingers.
I will dream until the end,
and for all eternity, of the taste of your kisses. "
I think I will go to draw a bloody illustration now, to get rid of all this shojo thing in my head >__> ...
Tools:color ink
The polar bear statue on West Main Street, a beacon for late-night revelers in search of a photo op, has a new owner and a new home.
On Christmas Eve, Barbara Pasnak hired a small crane and moved the 3,500-pound, cast-concrete statue across the street to their shop, Terra Gypsy, which they describe as a “boho, hippie, neo-pagan boutique.”
Pasnak bought the bear because they wanted to draw attention to their business, they say: “I think it's working.”
At the bear's former residency, the owner of the apartments and their tenants say they're glad to be rid of the statue, which has carried innumerable people on its back.
“Every single tenant had said it was more of a nuisance than anything because of its proximity to drunken weekenders,” Christian Tefel says.
The bear came with the apartment building Tefel purchased in 2008, they say, where it had stood for a little more than a dozen years.
Regardless of attaining landmark status, the bear wasn't treated kindly. It's been defaced, humped, ridden and tipped over by rowdy patrons exiting nearby bars.
The bear has been put in “many compromising positions by people who thought it would be funny to stick their butt in a polar bear's nose,” Tefel says. They transferred ownership of the bear in exchange for Pasnak making a $100 donation to the Virginia Breast Cancer Foundation and paying the roughly a thousand dollars in moving expenses.
Despite the bear's downsides, Tefel says he's happy it will continue to serve as a neighborhood attraction. “It has more social media hits and pages than I do personally,” they say.
Pasnak and their husband, Kevin Offutt, built a concrete pad to anchor the statue -- so no more tipping. They also plan to give the bear a fresh coat of paint.
The bear originally was placed on Main Street by Charlie Francis, whose business, North Wind Mechanical Systems, was headquartered in the building. They say the bear was the company's mascot, but they couldn't afford to move it when they sold the building.
Correction: An earlier version of this article misstated Christian Tefel's first name.
After watching a woman in Walmart shoplifting several items, a guy decided to follow her, they soon realized they were being watched. They started filming when they began pulling item after item out of a purse that at one point was also concealed in their own purse.From the original poster:Id just like to say this. Before confronting a shoplifter please make sure you are 110% sure the person is actually attempting to commit a crime. Lol. I am well trained in loss prevention and have caught,detained or have had prosecuted over 200 little bitches just like this one.Doing this type of thing could be dangerous. So please be ready to upper cut someone if they pull out a weapon. :).I'd like to note on there the ssc they gave me was not hers. And that I have confirmed they are out on bail right now. Fact.Thanks to original poster Brandon M., who granted Liveleak permission.
MCKINNEY — On a clear morning, Stephanie and Matthew Weyenberg can see rows of straight-lined suburban rooftops from their five-acre property. Those creeping subdivisions are a sign of the future.
The Weyenbergs moved here to unincorporated Collin County just outside McKinney's city limits nearly five years ago to live the country life. A gravel road leads to their red brick one-story home, and the atmosphere is quiet enough to hear chirping birds and ribbiting frogs. On the other side of their fence, neighbors have horses and chickens. Others have cows grazing in a pasture.
The couple knew the city planned to convert the two-lane county road near their home into a six-lane thoroughfare. But they never anticipated a freeway.
"It's all going to be an endless sea of rooftops, houses and concrete," Matthew Weyenberg said.
Internet Of Not-So-Smart Things: Samsung's Latest Smart Fridge Can Expose Your Gmail Password
from the'll-take-my-devices-stupid,-thanks dept
"The internet-connected fridge is designed to display Gmail Calendar information on its display," explained Ken Munro, a security researcher at Pen Test Partners. "It appears to work the same way that any device running a Gmail calendar does. A logged-in user/owner of the calendar makes updates and those changes are then seen on any device that a user can view the calendar on."
"While SSL is in place, the fridge fails to validate the certificate. Hence, hackers who manage to access the network that the fridge is on (perhaps through a de-authentication and fake Wi-Fi access point attack) can Man-In-The-Middle the fridge calendar client and steal Google login credentials from their neighbours, for example."
The sometimes blisteringly-inane hype surrounding the "Internet of Things" appears to be on a collision course with the sophomoric security standards being employed in the field. As we've seen time and time again, companies were so bedazzled by the idea of connecting everything and anything to the Internet (your hat! your pants! your toilet!) they left device and network security as an afterthought -- if they could be bothered to think about it at all. The result has been smart TVs that share your personal conversations, vehicles that can easily be used to kill you , and a home full of devices leaking your daily habits.The latest example comes again via Samsung, whose "smart" refrigerators aren't so smart. While Samsung's shiny new refrigerators connect to the Internet, can display your Google Calendar and implement SSL, hackers during a challenge at the recent DEFCON found the refrigerators fail to validate those SSL certificates. That opens the door to all kinds of man-in-the-middle attacks, potentially allowing your neighbor to steal your Gmail login information while sitting on their couch next door On the plus side, this vulnerability was found after Samsung invited hackers to try and find vulnerabilities in the system, showing some proactive thinking. On the flip side, this is the same company whose "smart" TVs were found to be happily sending living room conversation snippets unencrypted over the Internet -- so it's not always clear Samsung listens to feedback, or how many bugs and vulnerabilities go unnoticed. Regardless, the researchers' blog post has a little more detail, noting they may have also found some vulnerabilities in the app's encrypted communication stream with the refrigerator.These endless IOT security issues may have the opposite effect of that intended: actively marketing the need for many devices to be. And those dumb devices are getting harder to find. Many of the latest and greatest 4K television sets, for example, simply can't be purchased without intelligent internals that integrate functionality the user may not want. So while Wired magazine's endless 1990's obsession with intelligent refrigerators may have finally come to fruition, they may be unwitting pitchmen for how sometimes it's better for things to simply remain utterly analog -- and beautifully, simply stupid.
Filed Under: gmail, privacy, security, smart fridge, smart refrigerator
Companies: samsung
The Coalition is confident it can pass much of its agenda with the support of Labor and the Greens in the Senate, minimising its reliance on what is looming as another large crossbench.
Coalition sources said that while it was now inevitable the government would have to compromise on its 10-year plan to cut the company tax rate to 25 per cent by accepting cuts only for small and medium businesses, it would be able to deliver on other promises it had taken to the election.
With the new Senate expected to contain at least nine crossbenchers, including three members of the Nick Xenophon Team, Derryn Hinch, as well Pauline Hanson and maybe others from One Nation, senior Coalition sources said the object would be to minimise dealings with the crossbench.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said they would persist with trying to pass the two bills that they used as triggers for the double dissolution election. Christopher Pearce
For example, the controversial superannuation changes face being amended by the Coalition party room, which is targeting the retrospective application of a $500,000 lifetime cap on non-concessional contributions and lowering the annual limit on concessional contributions to $25,000.
Once these issues are sorted out, Labor and the Greens would both be likely to pass the package, which was budgeted to save about $6 billion, of which half would be reinvested into boosting the retirement savings of low-income earners.
The US Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) has notified Congress of a potential $231m foreign military sale (FMS) of precision-guided munitions, equipment, and support to the Nato Support and Procurement Agency.
Under the sale, the agency has requested 500 KMU-556 F/B, 40 KMU-557 F/B and 1500 KMU-572 F/B joint direct attack munition (JDAM) guidance kits.
The contract will also cover 1,000 MAU 210 E/B computer control groups for 1,000-lb. enhanced Paveway IIs; 300 MAU 210 E/B groups for GBU-49s; 1025 MAU 169 L/B groups for GBU-12s; and 1,350 MU-152 A/B joint programmable fuses.
"The procurement will improve the Nato members' ability to meet current and future ground threats."
In addition, the agency is seeking 60 bomb fin assembly and airfoil groups 650-MXU K/B for GBU-12s; 1025 bomb fin assembly and airfoil group, MXU-650 K/B AFG for GBU-12s.
The potential sale will also include detector sensing unit (DSU) 38A/B laser sensors, DSU-33D/B proximity sensors, wireless paveway avionics kit (WIPAK) interfaces for Enhanced Paveway II bombs, and FMU-139C/B electronic bomb fuses, as well as transportation, repair and return, engineering and support services.
Nato Support and Procurement Agency will send the precision-guided munitions to Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Greece, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal and Spain.
The procurement will improve the Nato members' ability to meet current and future ground threats.
Boeing Corporation and Raytheon Missile Systems will serve as prime contractors for the sale.
One of the greatest apps on Earth, Google Voice, has an update available that should help to improve your battery life even though part of it also allows for your screen to stay on while listening to voicemails. I know, it seems like two things that would work against each other, but you know what? We'll take Google Voice for its word, since it's so awesome.
The other major app to receive an update today was Flash 10.3 which actually ends up being pretty interesting even after we originally thought it was just another “security enhancement” thingy. After checking out the official changelog, we noticed that it now supports “NEON optimizations for OMAP4 (Cortex A-9) based devices.” And why is that interesting? Well, because we don't currently have any Android devices running OMAP4 processors, but are expecting the DROID3 to be one of the first.
We first reported that the D3 could be out by July 7, so with Adobe letting the world know that OMAP4 phones are just around the corner, we're hoping they are referring to our next family member.
More info on the Flash update here.
Cheers @d1g1k!
Last week, the National Snow and Ice Data Center, in Boulder, Colorado, announced that the Arctic sea ice had reached a new low. The sea ice shrinks in the summer and grows again during winter's long polar night. It usually reaches its minimum extent in mid-September. On September 16, 2012, the N.S.I.D.C. reported, the sea ice covered 1.3 million square miles. This was just half of its average extent during the nineteen-eighties and nineties, and nearly twenty per cent less than its extent in 2007, the previous record-low year.
It would be difficult to overstate the significance of this development. We are now seeing changes occur in a matter of years that, in the normal geological scheme of things, should take thousands, even millions of times longer than that. On the basis of the 2012 melt season, one of the world's leading experts on the Arctic ice cap, Peter Wadhams, of Cambridge University, has predicted that the Arctic Ocean will be entirely ice-free in summer by 2016. Since open water absorbs sunlight, while ice tends to reflect it, this will accelerate global warming. Meanwhile, recent research suggests that the melting of the Arctic ice cap will have, and indeed is probably already having, a profound effect on the U.S. and Europe, making extreme weather events much more likely. As Jennifer Francis, a scientist at Rutgers, observed recently in a conference call with reporters, the loss of sea ice changes the dynamics of the entire system: “It's like having a new energy source for the atmosphere.”
Yet, as big as the almost certainly irreversible retreat of the sea ice will figure in the future of the planet, it has attracted relatively little attention in the here and now. A study released on Thursday by Media Matters for America, a liberal watchdog group, found that over the last few months, Representative Paul Ryan's fitness routine—he's a big fan of what's known as the P90X workout plan—has received three times as much television coverage as the ice loss.
“What's hotter: Global warming or Paul Ryan's abs?” the study asked.
Which brings us to the Presidential campaign. You might have thought that with the Arctic melting, the U.S. in the midst of what will almost certainly be the warmest year on record, and more than sixty per cent of the lower forty-eight states experiencing “moderate to exceptional” drought, at least one of the candidates would feel compelled to speak out about the issue. If that's the case, though, you probably live in a different country. Remarkably—or, really, by this point, predictably—the only times Mitt Romney has brought up the topic of climate change, it has been to mock President Obama for claiming, back in 2008, that they were going to try to do something about it.
“President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans,” Romney declared in their convention speech in Tampa, pausing here to give the audience time to chuckle, “and to heal the planet. My promise is to help you and your family.” They liked this line so much that they repeated it a week or so later on “Meet the Press,” saying “I'm not in this race to slow the rise of the oceans or to heal the planet. I'm in this race to help the American people.” Obama at least got exercised enough to point out, in their convention speech, that “climate change is not a hoax.”
“More droughts and floods and wildfires are not a joke,” they said. “They are a threat to our children's future.” But that was as far as they were willing to go: no more grandiose claims about actually taking action. Two groups, Forecast the Facts and Friends of the Earth Action, recently teamed up to launch a Web site, climatesilence.org, whose home page shows photos of Romney and Obama with duct tape over their mouths. “The presidential candidates are silent on the essential facts of climate change,” the group observes.
Next week, Romney and Obama will meet for their first debate, in Denver. There's no particular reason to believe that they will be asked about climate change, but here's hoping—because by the time of the 2016 debates, the Arctic sea ice may already be history.
Image of the Arctic sea ice on September 16, 2012, the day that the National Snow and Ice Data Center identified to be the minimum reached in 2012, with a yellow outline showing the average sea-ice minimum from 1979 through 2010. Courtesy of NASA/Goddard Scientific Visualization Studio.
Congress has now overwhelmingly voted to train and arm the Free Syrian Army, the “vetted moderates” who won't use our money, guns, and expertise to fight against the Assad government, only against ISIS, the really bad guys.
Really, they believe this. From the NYT:
The Senate gave overwhelming approval on Thursday to a measure on the training and arming of Syrian rebels, then fled the Capitol for the fall campaign, sidestepping the debate over the extent of American military action until the lame-duck session of Congress later this year. The training measure, pushed hard by President Obama, was tucked into a larger Senate bill to keep the government funded past Sept. 30, a maneuver that leaders of both parties favored to ensure as few defections as possible. The Senate's 78-to-22 vote, a day after the House passed the measure, masked the serious doubts that many senators had. The broader debate over Congress's role in blessing or expanding a new military campaign in the Middle East was one that few on Capitol Hill wanted just six weeks before the midterm elections. With memories of the 2002 vote to authorize force in Iraq still haunting every vote Congress takes on matters of military force, members of both parties — especially those with their eyes on the White House — tried to find a position they would not regret. “I'm not sending your son, your daughter over to the middle of that chaos,” said Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, whose libertarian views have propelled them into contention for their party's 2016 nomination. “The people who live there need to stand up and fight.” They added, “I am not giving up, but it is their war, and they need to fight.”
Our brave, brave senators voted to appropriate money for the Free Syrian Army, but did not vote on authorizing the war we will be funding. Because it's an election year. Via Roll Call, here are the no votes (peace be upon them):
The no votes included Democratic Sens. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin, Mark Begich of Alaska, Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, Joe Manchin III of West Virginia, Ed Markey of Massachusetts, Chris Murphy of Connecticut, and Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. The GOP opponents included Sens. John Barrasso of Wyoming, Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Michael D. Crapo of Idaho, Ted Cruz of Texas, Michael B. Enzi of Wyoming, Dean Heller of Nevada, Mike Lee of Utah, Jerry Moran of Kansas, Rand Paul of Kentucky, Jim Risch of Idaho, Pat Roberts of Kansas and Jeff Sessions of Alabama. Independent Bernard Sanders of Vermont also voted no.
I like this from Democrat Joe Manchin:
“I have seen no evidence that the Syrian rebels we plan to train and arm will remain committed to American goals or interests. The vast majority of national-level Syrian rebel groups are Islamists, none of whom are interested in allying with the United States, and none of whom we should be associating with. Further, the opposition fighters that we will train care more about overthrowing [Bashar] Assad than they do about defeating ISIS. Assad is evil, but they are not a threat to America,” Manchin said. “If the ‘moderate opposition' have to choose between defeating Assad and defeating ISIS, why do we believe they'll choose our priority over theirs? How do we know that they won't join forces with ISIS if it helps them overthrow Assad?”
Josh Rogin writes that of course the FSA will turn their weapons on Assad, whether the US likes it or not:
Oubai Shahbandar, senior advisor to the Syrian Opposition Coalition, told The Daily Beast that it's unrealistic to ask the moderate rebels to use U.S. weapons against ISIS but not against Assad. In major battles like in Aleppo, ISIS and Assad are working together. So you can't fight one without fighting the other, Shahbandar added. (It's a point of view backed by many senior State Department and Pentagon officials, who agree with the FSA that Assad is the magnet for the terrorists and that Assad's continued rule only perpetuates the ISIS problem.)
Patrick Poole reports that so many of our Washington-approved “vetted moderates” are anything but. Meanwhile, Ross Kaminsky has a Vetted Moderate edition of News From The Future. Excerpt:
Ankara, Turkey, October 17, 2014 — In what was supposed to be a secret meeting between senior U.S. military officials and leaders of the Free Syrian Army in the town of Ceylanpinar in southern Turkey, a member of an FSA colonel's security team turned their weapon on the American contingent, killing two, including a U.S. Army major involved in coordinating training of “moderate” rebel forces by the U.S. military. Three other Americans were injured, one critically, before the terrorist infiltrator was killed by shots fired by both FSA and American soldiers. President Obama, at a joint press conference while meeting with the premier of Bermuda, said they did not have enough information about the event to comment about it specifically but added, “We are counting on our friends in the moderate Syrian groups to uphold their part of our mutual agreement.” The president and premier then enjoyed a round of golf at the exclusive Mid Ocean Club where they were joined by club regular, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Deputy Undersecretary of State Aymin Tudiep (known for their controversial comments about “the Zionist entity”) will receive the caskets of the fallen in a brief untelevised ceremony at Joint Base Andrews on Thursday. Senator John McCain remarked, “This tragic but isolated event must not deter us from working with our good friends in the FSA.” Mosul, Iraq, October 20, 2014 — Nearly a week after U.S.-trained and U.S.-equipped FSA forces were attacked by the Syrian Air Force, the United States flew its first military mission over Syria in support of an advancing FSA column. The Pentagon said it did not know whether the FSA soldiers were moving against an Assad regime position or an ISIS position, nor whether the FSA's assault was successful. As widely reported in recent weeks, no member of President Obama's “40-country coalition” has a single soldier on the ground in Syria and therefore details of the battle remain spotty. To the east, following President Obama's reversal on a position of “no boots on the ground,” the U.S. presence in Iraq has been reduced due to the Obama administration's sending another 525 U.S. military personnel to West Africa to help with that region's Ebola outbreak. Local Kurdish commanders have said that lack of American attention is hampering progress against ISIS in northern Iraq. In Sierra Leone, two American soldiers have died from the Ebola virus and three others are in intensive care, now being treated in an isolation facility at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany. Several wives of soldiers protested outside the White House gates, holding signs saying, “Our husbands fight terrorists, not viruses!” and “They're soldiers, not nurses.”
Peter Beinart frets that ISIS is causing Americans to rush to the GOP side:
Suddenly, it feels like 2002. Democrats got creamed in midterm elections that year because the women voters they had relied on throughout the Clinton years deserted them. In 2000, women favored Democratic congressional candidates by nine points. In 2002, that advantage disappeared entirely. The biggest reason: 9/11. In polls that year, according to Gallup, women consistently expressed more fear of terrorism that men. And that fear pushed them toward the GOP, which they trusted far more to keep the nation safe. As then-Senator Joe Biden declared after their party's midterm shellacking, “soccer moms are security moms now.” Unfortunately for President Obama, the security moms are back. And as a result, the levee Democrats were counting on to protect against a GOP hurricane is starting to crumble.
I'm with Andrew Sullivan here:
The party that was primarily responsible for the years of grinding, bankrupting war, a descent into torture, and an evisceration of many core liberties is now regarded as superior to the man originally tasked with trying to recover from that experience. The political winds unleashed by a few disgusting videos and a blitzkrieg in the desert have swept all before them. And we now hear rhetoric from Democratic party leaders that sounds close to indistinguishable from Bush or Cheney.
And so, we are going to war again in a region we do not understand, backing a side we do not understand, and the American people largely support it.
I am going to mix myself a stiff drink, and think about other Americans' uniformed children and parents and spouses and siblings who are going to end up dying over there in that blood-soaked sand pit for no good reason.
UPDATE: Reader Brad writes:
I hope that I am wrong, but… 1) The U.S. will bomb ISIS sites inside Syria. 2) Washington will continue to warn the Assad regime not to interfere while coalition jets fly over Syrian territory. 3) Either ISIS or a so-called “moderate” Syrian opposition group will use one of the many MANPADS now in their hands to down a U.S./Western military plane. (Both ISIS and Syrian rebels have every incentive do this! See #4) 4) Downed jet incident will be pinned on the Syrian regime, and U.S. will respond (as promised) by simply expanding the scope of its campaign to bombing Syrian government facilities. 5) U.S. will attack by air both ISIS and Syrian government sites while claiming to wage “war on terror” on two fronts 6) U.S. equipped/trained Syrian opposition rebels will attempt to move in to bombed out government facilities More chaos…repeat again…
UPDATE.2: Charles H. Featherstone:
As I never tire of saying, we are not good enough, we are not wise enough, and we are not rich enough to intervene like this in the lives of others. But we are really good at exporting our fear, and making others pay for our insecurities. And we continually expect THAT will have no consequences either.
Bill Cosby, Virginia Ali and Arlington Board Chair Jay Fisette cut the ribbon at the opening of Ben's Chili Bowl's second location, in Rosslyn, Va. (Tom Jackman/The Washington Post)
Let the history books show that it was 11:15 a.m. on March 6, 2014, that the ribbon was cut, the crowd surged forward, and Washington institution Ben's Chili Bowl opened its second outpost in Arlington County. Longtime fan Bill Cosby was there along with the Ali family, who opened the original institution on U Street in 1958, and hundreds of people from far and wide stood in the Colonial Village Shopping Center parking lot on Wilson Boulevard in Rosslyn to witness the historic event.
Politicians, Virginia Ali and their sons, and numerous half-smoke aficionados were on hand, where they learned that the new Ben's plans to stay open until 4:30 a.m. every day/night. But Cosby stole the show, first with their explanation of why the Rosslyn location was chosen, and then heckling the other speakers in the 28-degree cold, wanting to get past the jabbering and on with the eating.
“The reason why this establishment has decided to open here is for me,” Cosby explained. “I'm 76 1/2 years old and I'm going to have my 77th birthday in July, and I am facing the fact that I can go any time I'm called. I am a man who put in four years in the U.S. Navy. (cheers) Therefore I am eligible for a military funeral. (laughs)”
Bill Cosby explains why Ben's Chili Bowl opened its second outpost in Arlington: So it would be close to their burial ground at Arlington National Cemetery. (Tom Jackman/The Washington Post)
They pointed in the direction of Arlington National Cemetery. “I want my body buried not far, so my ghost can get up, make the trip here instead of flying all the way over to U Street.” (big cheers) Cosby said they would round up various military ghosts from the cemetery. “So when you all are here after midnight, and you see a bag leaving but nobody with it…” They cited General Ben Davis and their father-in-law. “I will be eating with them, and we will be having a good time. Because in that cemetery that's no cholesterol, there are no triglycerides. Eat as many as you like. Double down on the cheese and the fries. A lot of people may not go to heaven, because this is heaven.”
Arlington Board Chair Jay Fisette was up next and lamented, “Who put me on stage after Bill Cosby?” They presented Cosby with a key to Arlington County, which Cosby promised to use immediately to park illegally all over the county. Fisette laughed and told them to explain that to the judge.
As other Ben's fans, such as the ambassador from Trinidad and Tobago, Neil Parsan, [Ben Ali was a native of Trinidad] and others (Ben's historian Bernard Demczuk, D.C. Chamber of Commerce CEO Harry Wingo, WPGC's Shack of the Pack) kept up the speeches, Cosby began heckling and demanding an end to the stories. Finally, Cosby and family matriarch Virginia Ali cut the ribbon, and the eating was on.
Among the visitors for the historic event was Roach Brown of Washington, D.C., who said they patronized Ben's before it was Ben's, when it was a pool hall. Then they were a regular in the newly opened Ben's, using it as an outpost to sneak into the Lincoln Theater next door. “This is my family,” said Brown, a DJ on WPFW-FM. “Mrs. Ali is the mother of the community.”
Kandyce and Ashley Martin drove up from Fredericksburg for the event, both to see Cosby and to have their first half-smokes. Kandyce Martin was considering having one despite being a vegetarian. They were duly advised on the best ways to eat one.
William Wilson of Alexandria waited patiently for their first Rosslyn half-smoke. No time was too early for one, they said. “Breakfast, lunch and dinner,” they said.
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) on Sunday said they don't have confidence that the Senate GOP's healthcare bill will pass the upper chamber.
"My view is it's probably going to be dead," McCain said on CBS's "Face The Nation."
"I fear that it's going to fail."
Senate GOP leaders said they aimed to put the ObamaCare repeal-and-replace plan to a vote sometime after the July Fourth recess after delaying votes on the measure because of divisions among Republicans.
ADVERTISEMENT
Several GOP lawmakers are undecided on the healthcare plan.
President Trump previously floated first repealing and then replacing ObamaCare separately if the Senate can't agree on its bill.
"If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!" Trump tweeted previously.
Republicans can only afford two defections and still pass a bill with Vice President Pence casting a tie-breaking vote.
Marc Staal said that they have had better seasons than the one they had last year and that they are enjoying a healthy offseason. (TB News Watch)
They said that they are enjoying the process of training and getting ready for the season and "looking forward" to "having a better year." (TB News Watch)
Staal said that they still like the group of players on this team and said "I think we have a very bright optimistic year coming up" and to get back and "play at a high level again." (TB News Watch)
They also mentioned that the Rangers will have some "good young players" in Brady Skjei and Pavel Buchnevich joining the team. (TB News Watch)
For more on Staal, click HERE.
Staal played in 77 games for the Rangers last season, had 2 goals, 13 assists, a plus 2 rating, 65 shots on goal, 145 shots attempted, 65 hits, 120 blocked shots, 20 takeaways, 49 giveaways and an average of 19:41 per game.
Youth Community Food Forest Illegally Destroyed by Business Owner
by radiclebeets
The Purple Thistle Food Forest, a 2-year-old youth collective permaculture garden in East Vancouver, has been illegally destroyed by neighbouring building owner David Hollands. The food forest is predominantly located on city land, with a small section on Hollands property. In the fall, Hollands demanded that the young gardeners evict their property by November 1st. The gardeners complied, removing approximately a dozen trees from along the wall of their building, and followed up by sending them a confirmation email and also asking that they respect the rest of the food forest, located on city property, and allow it to grow in peace.
Last week Purple Thistle gardeners visited the site and found the entire food forest destroyed, with irrigation chopped up, all the plants removed, and trees uprooted and left in buckets. All this without notification. They know this to be the actions of Hollands, as several weeks prior they intercepted a work crew employed by them who had been tasked to clear the entire site, which is not on their property.
The site that the food forest is on was originally used as an illegal dumping ground. In 2010, the young gardeners pulled out 250kg of garbage, conducted soil tests to check for contamination, brought in organic matter and compost, and planted over 50 fruit trees, plus medicinal and edible plants. The young gardeners were also working to restore a small wetland on the site. The food forest has served as an educational lab and a community hub, and has been home to several youth garden and beekeeping programs for children as young as 9 years old, all in the heart of an industrial wasteland.
Heartbroken but not defeated, the young gardeners will be seeking justice. “Learning to grow food collectively at the Food Forest has taught us many lessons that go beyond urban agricultural practices. We've learned what it means to work together, work with nature and work within a community. We truly believed that if we could grow food next to the train tracks in this industrial wasteland, folks could learn to clean up the land and grow food anywhere.” That was “the goal”, says Kelsey Corbett, youth garden coordinator for the Purple Thistle. ”And it is really interesting, as a young person, to recognize that the biggest barriers we have faced this year have been the attacks to our gardens from big business owners. We complied with Hollands requests and it's really disheartening that despite that, they chose to go beyond the law and destroy a community project on city land.”
“It's terrible to see all the broken pieces of the irrigation pipes laying on uprooted soil. The gardeners who set up the forest put so many hours of planning and hard labor into the system,” says LeyAnn, one of the recent members of the group, “and it was all illegally ripped out of the ground and destroyed. It's disheartening, but is also a powerful motivator, and these actions have brought the gardeners and their supporters closer together, and made us stronger.”
The gardeners will be pursuing further action by contacting the city and also requesting that Hollands reimburses them for the damages. They hope in the future that property owners like Hollands choose to communicate and work respectfully with them about their concerns instead of destroying these community projects.
If you would like to help the gardeners out, as some of you have offered, you can donate to the Purple Thistle.
-30-
For more information, contact:
For more information, contact:
Kelsey Corbett: ki2freedom@gmail.com
or Carla Bergman (Director of the Purple Thistle)
carla@purplethistle.ca
Advertisements
Long shots to start the season, the Philadelphia Eagles have emerged as the clear-cut favorites in the NFC and are closing in on the New England Patriots at the top of the Las Vegas sportsbooks' odds to win the Super Bowl.
The Eagles, who had odds as high as 65-1 in the offseason to win the Super Bowl, are now 4-1 at the Westgate SuperBook, behind only the Patriots at 7-2.
Philadelphia has won seven in a row and separated itself from other contenders in the NFC. The Eagles are 2-1 to win the conference and overwhelming -1,200 favorites in the NFC East.
The Eagles keep winning and bettors are jumping on the bandwagon. Mitchell Leff/Getty Images
"They're legit, well-coached, well-quarterbacked," said South Point sportsbook director Chris Andrews, who last week moved the Eagles (7-2) ahead of the Patriots (4-1) in their Super Bowl odds.
Few bettors saw the Eagles' rise coming in the preseason. At William Hill's Nevada sportsbook, the San Francisco 49ers, New York Giants and Tampa Bay Buccaneers were among 17 teams that attracted more bets to win the Super Bowl.
But the betting public is clearly on board now, and it's starting to take a weekly toll on sportsbooks. Philadelphia is 8-1 straight-up and 7-2 against the spread.
"I'm pretty sure we'll see strong play on the Eagles from here on out," Jay Rood, vice president of MGM race and sports, told ESPN on Sunday afternoon.
The Denver-Philadelphia game was the most-heavily-bet game of Sunday at multiple sportsbooks, with the bulk of the money wagered on the Eagles.
Behind four touchdown passes from quarterback Carson Wentz, Philadelphia blew out the Broncos and easily covered as a 7-point favorite in a 51-23 rout. It was the most costly decision for several sportsbooks, which got off to a rocky start Sunday.
"The only game that saved our day from being a total disaster was the Panthers busting up the Falcons," Rood said, as the afternoon games were coming to an end. "Otherwise, we'd be stuck probably double what we are now."
"It could have been a lot worse," Ed Salmons, assistant manager at the Westgate, said of the early slate. "The Atlanta game was the only one we really won on."
The Panthers, who were 3-point underdogs, beat the Falcons 20-17.
The books recovered in the late kickoffs, primarily thanks to the underdog Washington Redskins' 17-14 win over the Seattle Seahawks.
Bettors sided heavily with the Oakland Raiders in the Sunday night game with the Miami Dolphins, but the game was a push, with the Raiders, who were 3-point favorites, winning 27-24.
Color Swap: S or DOWN
Plant Tree: E or CTRL
Cut Tree: C
Pick Up/Throw Turret: RIGHT MOUSE BUTTON
Destroy Turret: X
Buy Menu: TAB
Move: W, A, D or UP, RIGHT, LEFT
Shoot: LEFT MOUSE BUTTON
Cnange Weapon: MOUSE WHEEL or 1,2,3,4,5
Made by: @andmish
Music by: b5cully and Edgeist
Sound from: freesfx.co.uk Notes For the best performance use Chrome (mouse scroll works here)
Made for #64DSC within 17 days
The game doesn't save the results
Richard have 7 color columns.
They can plant trees on them.
There are two phases: peace and battle of 60 seconds each.
The columns going up:
- it has a tree, each additional tree increases the speed
- the battle phase
- no mismatch, the order of the columns is correct
- no lack, none of the columns are removed
The columns going down:
- the enemy is on it, each additional enemy increases the speed
The movement of the columns stops:
- the peace phase
- the order mismatch
- the lack of the color
The final speed = the speed of the enemies + the speed of the trees
If a column reaches the bottom, it is removed for 7 second. And the color shuffle happens.
Now Richard should to use Color Swap to restore the order of the columns like in the phrase.
The main goal is the growth. Then Richard will see what happens next.
Have you heard the one about Andy's mom?
Copywriter, critic, and conspirer Jon Negroni found themselves all over the Internet in early 2014 with their theory that there's more to Andy's mom from the Toy Story franchise than meets the eye.
They think Andy's mom is Jessie's original owner.
^ There's Jessie's original owner, Emily, swinging them around during the most depressing Disney song you've ever repeatedly cried through.
But then here's Andy in an interesting hat:
Not only is Andy's hat not like Woody's, but it bears a striking resemblance to the ones worn by Emily and Jessie.
Advertisement
But wait – the plot thickens…
Here we have Emily as a teenager.
Look familiar?
Photo Credit: Photo Credit: Pixar
It's definitely familiar- ish , at the very least.
There's more theoretical musings about how Andy's hat might actually be missing the white band, too.
This all comes from the same dude who started formulating The Pixar Theory, which is the idea that all of the full-length Pixar films are connected, in 2012.
And, the Jessie / Andy / Emily / Ms. Davis theory came about while they were working on it.
So what does Pixar have to say?
There has been some progress since Copenhagen, based on growing scientific evidence of the threat we face, and renewable energy becoming cheaper. (AFP Photo/Justin Sullivan)
Los Angeles (AFP) - Mandatory water-saving measures in place to fight California's historic drought have produced a sizeable drop in consumption over the past two months, regulators said.
The measures have been far reaching and the US state's 38 million residents are only allowed to water their lawns on specific days and have been asked to use water-saving hoses, even though it is the height of another punishing summer.
The state has also asked campuses, golf courses and cemeteries to significantly reduce watering.
As a result, water use was down 31 percent in July over the same period a year ago, and 27 percent in June, the State Water Resources Control Board reported.
The numbers exceed the 25 percent drop mandated by Governor Jerry Brown in April, although experts warn the situation remains precarious.
"Californians' response to the severity of the drought this summer is now in high gear and shows that they get that we are in the drought of our lives," agency director Felicia Marcus said in a statement.
In April, the state ordered 50 million square feet of lawn (4.6 million square meters) to be replaced with water-efficient landscaping that includes cacti and other succulents.
Then in June, California announced new restrictions affecting farmers' access to water.
Meanwhile parched lawns have popped up across some of California's most affluent neighborhoods, such as Beverly Hills.
In Los Angeles, city officials have dropped millions of black, plastic "shade balls" into Silver Lake reservoir, where they float on the surface in an attempt to slow down evaporation.
Water distribution agencies say they have issued thousands of penalties throughout the state to penalize water waste, and rebate programs encourage Californians to replace inefficient water and electric devices.
"The savings do show we have been used to having a great deal of water, and have been using it without thinking -- as though we lived in a climate where it rains abundantly," said Stephanie Pincetl, an environmental science professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.
But despite the progress they believe the situation remains "critical due to the need to conserve water long term, especially if it does not rain."
(Reuters) - Kansas has begun a search for underwriters to sell $1 billion of taxable pension bonds that won final approval this week, the state's Development Finance Authority said on Friday.
A bill signed into law Wednesday by Governor Sam Brownback authorizes 30-year bonds backed by annual state appropriations and limits the bond interest rate to 5 percent.
Potential underwriting firms have a May 1 deadline to reply to a request for qualifications for the deal.
The authority said no decision has been made on the timing or the structure for the bond sale.
Proceeds from the bond sale would flow to the Kansas Public Employee Retirement System, boosting its funded ratio to 66 percent from 60.7 percent and lowering the unfunded liability to $6.28 billion from $7.26 billion, according to a legislative report on the bill.
Kansas sold $500 million of insured pension bonds through the authority in 2004 with interest rates topping out at 5.5 percent for bonds due in 2034.
States and local governments have sold about $105 billion of taxable pension bonds since 1986, according to a July 2014 report by the Center for Retirement Research at Boston College. The practice, which relies on the assumption that invested proceeds will result in higher returns than the interest cost on the bonds, has come under scrutiny particularly in the wake of Detroit's $1.4 billion issuance that was tied in part to soured interest-rate swaps that helped drive the city to file the biggest-ever municipal bankruptcy in 2013.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal
Albuquerque voters lifted native son Tim Keller to victory Tuesday, electing them mayor in what turned out to be a landslide.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Keller, a Democrat and New Mexico's state auditor, beat outgoing City Councilor Dan Lewis, a Republican, by 24 percentage points in the mayoral runoff, according to unofficial election returns released by the city clerk. Keller claimed 62 percent of the vote, with Lewis taking 38 percent.
“It is time to come together and move our city forward,” Keller told their exuberant supporters at Hotel Andaluz in Downtown Albuquerque. Their wife, Liz Kistin Keller, was on stage with him, and their two children, Maya, 4, and Jack, 2, made an appearance at the victory celebration earlier in the night.
Throngs of supporters filled the ballroom and spilled out of every door, their cheers drowning out Keller's words. They thanked the voters, their campaign workers and family for their support.
“Thank you for a clear mandate,” they said.
Turnout for the runoff was about 28.7 percent, close to what it was for the Oct. 3 election.
Keller, 39, was elected to a four-year term that begins Dec. 1. They will be replacing Mayor Richard Berry, a Republican who has served for eight years but chose not to seek a third term.
Keller still has about 13 months remaining in their term as state auditor. Gov. Susana Martinez will appoint their replacement.
On their road to victory, Keller overcame an election eve ruling by the city's Board of Ethics & Campaign Practices that they violated campaign finance rules through their handling of what they had called in-kind donations. While the ethics board ruled against him, it also determined that they acted in good faith and didn't intend to violate the rules. But two other campaign finance complaints against Keller are pending.
Keller was the only publicly financed candidate in the race, and they started off their campaign telling voters that how someone gets to City Hall matters, noting that they wouldn't be beholden to big donors. But they quickly ran into criticism when a political action committee run by a former campaign manager began raising large sums from unions and other Keller supporters.
Tuesday night's election capped a brutal campaign season in which Keller was hit with attack ads accusing them of protecting sex offenders over children and of being a con man.
But those ads backfired with some voters.
“I was a little bit on the fence about who to vote for, and then I started seeing all those negative ads run by Lewis. It seemed petty to me,” advertising agency owner Miguel Martinez told the Journal after voting for Keller.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Lewis – a two-term city councilor and executive vice president of Desert Fuels – faced an uphill battle since the Oct. 3 election, in which they were one of eight candidates on the ballot. A runoff was required because no candidate received 50 percent of the vote.
While Lewis came in second, they were still 16 percentage points behind Keller.
Lewis fought hard to close the gap in the runoff, going on the offensive in televised debates. But a Journal Poll conducted last week showed that Lewis had actually fallen further behind.
Lewis called Keller on Tuesday night to congratulate them once the outcome became clear.
They shook hands and personally thanked their campaign workers after their concession at the Hyatt Regency Hotel.
“I'm thankful for all their work,” they said.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Lewis will wrap up their tenure on the City Council at the end of the month.
City races are nonpartisan, meaning that party affiliation doesn't appear on the ballot. But Democrats favored Keller by big margins, and Lewis had support from a majority of Republicans
On the campaign trail – and again during their acceptance speech – Keller made it clear that they will embrace fixes that the city can implement on its own, not solutions that require state lawmakers or others to act.
Crime was the dominant issue in this year's mayoral election, and Keller was able to secure the coveted endorsement of the Albuquerque Police Officers Association. They were also endorsed by the Albuquerque firefighters' union and the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees Council 18.
Keller has said they will hire 400 additional officers, make Albuquerque Police Department wages competitive and launch an aggressive recruiting effort.
The former state senator also said they will retool incentives aimed at out-of-state corporations so that local businesses can qualify and restructure the city's Parks and Recreation Department so that it provides arts, science and sports programs for kids after school and over the summer.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Keller won't have much of a transition period. They take over as mayor in a little more than two weeks. A transition office has been set up in the city/county government building.
Representatives for Keller and Lewis had also been taking part in daily transition briefings.
“This city hasn't seen a real positive transition for decades, and this is a chance to do that,” Berry said, vowing to do their part.
This was the first mayoral runoff in nearly a quarter of a century. The last one was in 1993, when Martin Chávez narrowly defeated David Cargo.
This is Albuquerque's sixth mayoral runoff under its current form of government, which was adopted in 1974.
Keller, the son of a public school teacher and a banker, is the youngest of three sons. They grew up in a house behind Del Norte High School, although they attended Catholic schools in Albuquerque, graduating from St. Pius.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
They obtained their undergraduate degree in finance and art history from the University of Notre Dame and an MBA from Harvard Business School.
Journal staff writers Olivier Uyttebrouck and Rick Nathanson contributed to this report.
Unofficial vote totals
Tim Keller: 60,219
Dan Lewis: 36,594
A girl who was swept away in the Indian Ocean tsunami seven years ago said Friday that they broke down in tears this week after tracking down their parents, who had long lost hope of finding them alive.
Fifteen-year-old Wati showed up at a cafe in Meulaboh, a town in Aceh province, earlier this week saying that not long after the wave hit they were found and "adopted" by a woman who forced them to beg in the streets, sometimes until 1 a.m.
When they stopped bringing in money, Wati was kicked out by the woman. They then set out to find their family, but had very little information to guide them — only the name of their grandfather, Ibrahim.
Someone at the cafe tracked down a man by that name, and the man — unsure if it was actually their granddaughter — quickly summoned them parents.
"When I saw my mother, I knew it was them I just knew it," said Wati, who was given that name by the woman who found them Them original name is Meri Yuranda.
The Dec. 26, 2004, tsunami that killed 230,000 people in a dozen nations hit Aceh — closest to the epicenter of the magnitude-9.1 quake that spawned waves 10 metres high — the hardest.
With tens of thousands of bodies never recovered in the province, many people continue to cling to hope of finding lost loved ones, putting up fliers or ads in newspapers.
Reunions, however, are extremely rare and, when they occur, rarely confirmed.
Wati's mother, Yusniar binti Ibrahim Nur, 35, said they did not need a DNA test to prove the girl was hers.
"She has their father's face," they said, adding that they had stopped believing they would ever see their daughter again. "Then I saw the scar over their eye and mole on their hip, and I was even more sure."
Wati and their father had different accounts of what happened on the day of the tsunami.
The girl says they remember their father putting them into a boat with their sister, who is still missing and presumed dead. The father says that before the family was separated, they put both of their daughters on the roof of their house.
MTV's crime thriller Eye Candy has been canceled after one season, star Victoria Justice announced to fans via Twitter on Saturday.
“I wanted you guys to hear it from me first, that the cast and I received news that Eye Candy will not be returning for season 2. Even though a lot of you are going to feel sad/angry, please know that playing Lindy Sampson, is something that I loved and I will hold dear to my heart.”
The 10-episode series—which debuted in January and was based on the book by R.L. Stine—tracked Justice's character, a 21-year-old hacker who, after joining a dating website, suspects that one of their virtual suitors may be a serial killer.
In their Twitter statement, Justice (Zoey 101) thanked showrunner Christian Taylor and Jason Blum, who is a executive produced the show under their Blumhouse Productions banner. “You guys are amazing,” the 22-year-old wrote. After thanking behind-the-scenes talent, Justice went on to thank Eye Candy fans.
“Last but definitely not at all least, thank you to the amazing fans. I saw all of your WW trends (it might be 23 or 24 to date) and your unflinching support. It's because of all of you that I get to do what I love,” Justice wrote. “I am beyond grateful for that. It made me so happy that you embraced the show the way you did. I was so lucky to have you guys along for the ride, because you made it that much more exciting!”
GRAVENHURST - UPDATE: Knife-wielding man barricaded in Gravenhurst apartment arrested
At approximately 3 p.m., OPP reopened the downtown Gravenhurst streets that were closed earlier today during a reported police standoff.
CLEARED: ROAD CLOSURE: Hotchkiss St between John St S and Muskoka Rd S #Gravenhurst: Roadway REOPENED. ^aw — OPPCommunicationsCR (@OPP_COMM_CR) December 28, 2016
Related Content Knife-wielding man barricaded in Gravenhurst apartment arrested
Police have reportedly closed access to part of the downtown.
Neighbours to the scene report what looks like a police standoff in an apartment above the deli at Hotchkiss Street.
OPP confirmed via Twitter they have closed Hotchkiss St between John St S and Muskoka Rd S
Reports indicate there is no vehicular or pedestrian traffic being permitted in the area as of about 1 p.m. today.
Dozens of OPP officers and an ambulance are currently reported to be on scene.
The locally based team behind a pair of high-profile developments along the downtown canal is looking at a parking lot in the Fan for its next project.
Fountainhead Properties' Tom Papa is collaborating with WVS Cos.' Jason Vickers-Smith and Richard Souter on a six-story, 105-unit apartment building at 1131 and 1137 W. Grace St., the site of a parking lot at the corner of Grace and Stuart Circle that is owned by the adjacent St. John's United Church of Christ.
Plans are preliminary and require approval from the city's Commission of Architectural Review, which was scheduled to provide a conceptual review for the project this week.
Existing zoning allows the Grace Street building to be built by right – as well as twice as high as the team is proposing, Papa noted. But they said they're sticking with six stories because they want the building to fit with the neighborhood.
“We're being very sensitive to making sure that what we build is appropriate for the area,” Papa said. While the nearby Stuart Court Apartments reach as high as 10 stories, adjacent rowhouses on Grace are two and three stories.
The building would be the latest project between Fountainhead and WVS, which teamed up on the Locks mixed-use development and are planning a canal-front hotel nearby. Separately, WVS is the developer of Rocketts Landing, and Fountainhead is the company behind a pair of planned towers on the Manchester riverfront.
Papa said the project came about when the century-old church – where, they said, Vickers-Smith was married – decided to sell the two parcels to help raise funds for renovations. The parcels were listed by Jeff Cooke with Cushman & Wakefield | Thalhimer, and Papa said their team was one of five development groups that made offers on the site – and the only one, they said, to not propose student housing.
Papa said he, Vickers-Smith and Souter are under contract to purchase the 0.8-acre property through an entity called CIRC LLC. Pending CAR and plan of development approvals, they said they're aiming to start construction on the 18-month project next spring.
The group has held several meetings with neighborhood groups to solicit input on the building's design, which remains conceptual, Papa said.
“We're trying to get input from the community as to materials, and be more sensitive and hear more opinions of what they would like to see,” they said. “What we're hearing is pretty uniform across the board: that they'd like to see brick and something that isn't pretend-old and that respects properties' aesthetics around it.
“I'm sure there'll be somebody that thinks we didn't do it as well as they would have done it, but we'll be very sensitive to the wants and needs of the community.”
The building would consist of five levels of apartments above two levels of parking, one of which would be underground. Forty parking spaces would be reserved for St. John's, including 16 surface spaces that would be provided in addition to the 130 spaces in the structure, which would not be visible to pedestrians along the street.
The apartments would range from 650 square feet for a one-bedroom, one-bathroom unit to 900 square feet for a two-bedroom, 1½-bath. Papa said rents would be market-rate and have yet to be set.
They said the overall cost of the project is likewise variable, dependent on the building materials and other details decided.
“All of the folks in the neighborhood have actually been very supportive,” Papa said. “People have the usual concerns about what's going to happen with all these (additional residents). We are very sensitive to that.
“A parking lot doesn't help the city, it doesn't help create density, it doesn't help the businesses that need to be in a community in order for a community to thrive.”
The group is working with Lory Markham of Markham Planning on its applications to the city. Walter Parks Architects is signed on to design the building.
FILE - In this Oct. 21, 2010 photo, people gather outside the Navajo Nation Council chambers in Window Rock, Ariz. More than three-fourths of the 88-member Navajo Nation Council has been charged in an investigation into the use of discretionary funds. A long-running saga stemming from allegations that Navajo tribal officials schemed to give money to family members is drawing to a close. (AP Photo/Felicia Fonseca) The Associated Press
By FELICIA FONSECA, Associated Press
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — A long-running saga over tribal officials on the Navajo Nation scheming to give money to each other's family members is drawing to a close.
Two legal cases remain after nearly 80 onetime lawmakers originally were charged with illegally drawing money from a slush fund in what became common practice on the reservation. Tribal officials were accused of concocting all sorts of ways to get the money meant for Navajos facing extreme financial hardship. The requests included college tuition for a toddler, medical and travel expenses that turned out to be fake, vehicle repairs for a 9-year-old kid and home renovations for a teenager. Money even went to a fictitious child.
No one will be sentenced to any more than one year in jail — the maximum allowed under tribal law. The tribe could request restitution.
Here is an overview of the investigation:
THE DISCRETIONARY FUND
The fund was intended for elderly Navajos on fixed incomes, the unemployed, students enrolled in academic programs, burial expenses and other limited circumstances. The investigation found that nepotism and bribery played a huge role in lawmakers doling out the money. The lawmakers had access to more than $30 million during fiscal years 2005 to 2009.
The tribe's Supreme Court put a halt to the discretionary fund in 2011. Navajo Nation Council spokesperson Jared Touchin says no one has talked about reviving the spending source.
THE PROSECUTION
The Tribal Council inadvertently voted to investigate itself when it called for a special prosecutor to look into allegations against a tribal president. That investigation was expanded to include the lawmakers' use of discretionary funds.
In October 2010, 77 lawmakers were charged with crimes including fraud, abuse of office and theft weeks before an election. The number of cases overwhelmed the tribal court, which estimated it would take a decade to resolve them and said every defendant who wanted a jury trial had to pay for it.
Then, in July 2011, nearly all the criminal complaints were dismissed and replaced with a civil lawsuit accusing a broader group of tribal officials of defrauding the tribal government. Those defendants eventually were dropped from the suit.
New prosecutors brought criminal charges against 18 people, including tribal lawmakers and two employees. Ethics cases were lodged against a dozen people.
THE FALLOUT
The revelation that lawmakers were enriching their families eroded the public's trust in its government. The Tribal Council, angry over being the focus of the investigation, attempted to fire the tribe's attorney general.
Former Navajo Nation President Ben Shelly and their running mate, Rex Lee Jim, agreed just ahead of their inauguration to pay back the money they were accused of taking. Neither admitted wrongdoing. Former Navajo Nation Council Speaker Johnny Naize and delegate David Tom resigned while in office after pleading guilty and no contest, respectively, in their criminal cases.
WHERE THINGS STAND
All but two of the defendants in the criminal cases, Mel Begay and Hoskie Kee, have signed plea agreements with prosecutors. The 12 ethics cases have been resolved.
Begay, a current lawmaker, is scheduled to go on trial March 14.  They are charged with 16 counts, including conspiracy to commit fraud, conflict of interest and submitting a false voucher. The complaints allege that Begay illegally authorized payments to their children, including for a pre-paid band trip and for $800 in costs for summer school tuition that didn't exist.
A judge recently rejected a request from Begay to dismiss their case. Begay has said the charges are unwarranted and believes he'll be cleared.
Prosecutor Eric Dahlstrom said the goal of all the cases is to send a message to "prevent other people from stealing."
Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming OS X 10.11.4 El Capitan update to developers for testing purposes, just over one month after releasing the second OS X El Capitan update, OS X 10.11.2 OS X 10.11.3 is also in testing and has been provided to developers and public beta testers.The new OS X 10.11.4 beta can be downloaded through the Apple Developer Center.It is not known what improvements the fourth update to OS X El Capitan will bring, but like prior updates, it's likely to focus on security enhancements, performance improvements, and bug fixes to address issues have been discovered since the release of OS X 10.11.2 and were not able to be included in the OS X 10.11.3 beta.We'll update this post with any changes that are discovered in the beta.
Something strange happened towards the end of the second week. After each session, the trainer would ask whether I'd enjoyed it. "Enjoyed?" I'd ask, confused.
Crossfit, as I discovered, with its torturous intensity, is primarily for the self-flagellators among us. Crossfit may be many things, but it is not exactly what I'd call enjoyable.
So, when I found myself sort of nodding in response to the question, sort of actually enjoying myself, I was very confused.
I was halfway through a month-long experiment to see whether Crossfit builds a bigger you. After being reduced to a pathetic puddle of a person following my first ever class, I was curious to see how it could change your body.
But having never done weights before and being utterly incapable of push-ups, let alone pull-ups I, like many women, was wary.
"Our culture has traditionally viewed strength as a masculine trait and promoted a small, frail body as feminine," say the authors of a study on women and weight-training in the journal The Physician and Sports Medicine. "Consequently, girls have been discouraged from participating in gross-motor-skill activities and strength development."
Luckily this is beginning to change.
More women are trying on weight-training for size and while more men than women currently do Crossfit - which involves weight-training as well as gymnastic and cardio elements - the growth of women's participation in the sport is outpacing men's.
Its popularity supports the idea that strong is the new sexy. Bulky, however, is not.
We've heard the line that lifting doesn't turn you into a lady brick. That it builds muscle and muscle burns fat so it's the fastest way to get lean.
But then you have trainers like Tracy Anderson, who has sculpted many of Hollywood's most formidable physiques, stressing that women shouldn't work out with anything heavier than three pound weights.
Besides, when you see the pictures of many of the women who lift a lot more than that, you start to wonder whether Anderson is right - at least from an aesthetic as opposed to an athletic perspective.
As a result, many of us tend to be distrusting when we are told that weights are the way forward for women.
This is despite the American College of Sports Medicine's assurance that we won't turn into Arnie if we lift. In fact, they suggest that, to reap a range of benefits, women (and men) should weight-train at least twice a week.
It is also despite findings that building strength and lean muscle mass are biomarkers for looking younger.
So I press Luke Baranowski, the athletic development coach at Crossfit Bondi where I'm doing my challenge, on the point.
They tell me that the women who look like they could bench press you with their pinky have killed themselves to become like that through rigorous training, eating and supplementation. Additionally, they say, the majority of these women are genetically and hormonally built differently to begin with, so their body type responds differently to heavy resistance training.
Women generally have around one 10th the level of testosterone as men. That said, it varies from woman to woman and this can affect our development of strength and muscle.
They say that unless I train six hours a day and eat like a king or artificially wreak havoc on my hormones I, like most other women, won't become colossal. In fact, they tell me I have Buckley's chance of ever making it as a professional crossfitter, which I'm crestfallen about, but that's another story.
And, so far, they seem to be right.
I've been attending around three times a week and have passed the month mark. To my surprise, I've not become massive (yet). Instead I've rediscovered abdominals that have been MIA since circa 1999, and all body parts have more definition. I've also noticed my stamina has improved on my meditative, but largely ineffective, long runs and any strength-based poses I do in yoga are easier.
Crossfit is not for everyone and as with all exercise there is no one-size fits all. It's a process of trial and error and seeing what works for your body (as well as how much of a masochist you are).
But it is dynamic and, assuming the programming is good, your body rarely has the chance to adapt. This means you are constantly challenged and never bored.
For this reason, I can understand why women (and men) get a little culty about Crossfit. I'll stick to a part-time cult member status, with the view of never bench-pressing you with my pinky.
That said, if you start lifting or crossfitting you can rest assured that it won't make you massive. Just beware: you may find you have the disconcerting realisation that you (sort of) find the punishment fun.
If Iowa alone had the power to choose the Republican Party's presidential nominees, then Rick Santorum and Mike Huckabee would have been the last two GOP standard bearers.
Strategists from across the political spectrum repeated that historical fact Tuesday, the day after U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz announced their place in the political world by winning the first contest of the 2016 campaign.
The point: The Texan once all but written off has solidified their status as a top contender. But the real work is just now beginning.
"One state has voted. That means 49 more still get to vote," said Seth Leibsohn, a Phoenix-based radio host who worked on Santorum's unsuccessful 2012 campaign and is unaffiliated this time around. "Ted Cruz is not going to win all of them. The key is to survive long enough to win a lot of them."
Leibsohn and other campaign veterans and political experts praised Cruz for steering a well-organized campaign to victory in Iowa, with 28 percent of the vote compared to business person Donald Trump's 24 percent and Sen. Marco Rubio's 23 percent.
RELATED: Cruz wins Iowa GOP primary and beats Trump
But while they said Cruz is well-positioned - thanks, in part, to the delegates they are expected to take in the March 1 Texas primary - they also said they face a series of tests before then, from a likely increase in rivals' attacks to a string of primaries in states less friendly to their evangelical version of conservatism.
The latter list includes the next state to vote, New Hampshire, which is one of the least religious states in the country and has a more proven track record of supporting eventual nominees.
Can they broaden base?
Perhaps most daunting for Cruz, strategists say, is that they are still far behind Trump in national public opinion polls and has not proven that they can expand their appeal beyond their base as well as a more establishment pick such as Rubio. That factor that will become key as other candidates start to drop out of the race, they said.
"He's going to be a force to be reckoned with in this nomination process," said Tom Bevan, executive editor of Real Clear Politics, a political news and polling data aggregator.
"The knock on Cruz," they added, "is: Do they have enough appeal outside of core evangelical conservatives to really increase their ceiling to the point where they become the nominee?"
Among the candidates who have fired up the evangelical conservative base but failed to unify the party are Santorum, a former Pennsylvania senator, in 2012, and Huckabee, a former Arkansas governor, in 2008.
Cruz staffers and supporters dismissed comparisons to those two, saying the Texan has done far more to build a national base of support.
"I've got millions of reasons why Cruz is not Mike Huckabee," said Steve Deace, a conservative Iowa political activist who supported Huckabee in 2008 and now works for Cruz. "As in, the millions of dollars that Ted Cruz has on hand."
The $19 million in cash on hand as of the beginning of the year is more than the campaigns of four rivals combined - Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey and John Kasich of Ohio, former Gov. Jeb Bush of Florida and U.S. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, Deace noted.
RELATED: Cruz's spending tactics take modern twist
While the Cruz campaign focused heavily on Iowa, it also has made a point to show that it is a national movement. On Tuesday, it announced that it had named chairs in all 95 counties of Tennessee, for example.
Other strategists argued that Cruz may become more attractive to others because their Iowa win dispelled long-standing assumptions that they could not win.
"The unviable candidate narrative is completely shot," said Luke Macias, founder of Macias Strategies, a political consulting firm that has aided Texas state Republicans in Cruz's tea party crowd.
RELATED: 'Outsider' Cruz has rocketed their way in
Still, Macias acknowledged that the increase in viability will correlate to an increase in attacks from rivals who are more liked in political circles.
"The Washington, D.C., cartel will do everything they can to influence all candidates in the race to go after Ted Cruz," Macias said.
The post-Iowa portion of the race kicked off Tuesday in New Hampshire, which is set to vote next Tuesday. Cruz has scheduled 16 public events in the Granite State before then, but they are not expected to win there because it is not typically kind to the most socially conservative candidates.
Santorum, for example, finished fourth in New Hampshire in 2012. Huckabee finished third in 2008.
Lawrence Cheetham, a retired IT manager from Bedford, N.H., who backed Santorum in 2012 and now supports Cruz, said they hoped the Texan would get a big bounce of support from their Iowa win that Santorum could not because the 2012 results were too close to call for days afterward.
Running second
Large post-Iowa bounces are rare, however, said Andy Smith, a University of New Hampshire political scientist, because Granite State residents are so inundated with candidates and ads for months before they vote.
In fact, Smith said, no non-incumbent Republican candidate in the modern era has ever won both Iowa and New Hampshire.
Smith also offered another historical fact to keep in mind: "Nobody in either party in recent history has won the nomination without coming in first or second in New Hampshire."
Cruz currently is polling second - just barely. Real Clear Politics puts them at 11.5 percent, followed by Kasich at 11.3 percent, Bush at 10.5 percent and Rubio at 10.2 percent. Trump is dominating at 33.7 percent.
The pecking order is not as clear in the states that follow New Hampshire - South Carolina, which votes Feb. 20, and Nevada, which holds its caucuses Feb. 23.
The Palmetto State has a relatively high proportion of evangelicals, but not nearly as high as Iowa.
In the state's 2008 contest, Huckabee came in second. In 2012, Santorum came in third - a finish that was more devastating than their New Hampshire performance, according to Leibsohn, the former staffer.
'Up in the air'
"South Carolina is pretty much up in the air," said Kirk Randazzo, a University of South Carolina political scientist.
After South Carolina comes Nevada, another tough state for Cruz; it has far fewer evangelicals and many more Hispanics, who may be inclined to oppose Cruz's tough stance on immigration.
The Cruz campaign's state director, Robert Uithoven, said they plan to target the many liberatarians who reside there.
That could be unlikely, however, said John Tuman, chair of political science at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, because many libertarians there support social deregulation such as legalization of drugs and prostitution, which Cruz clearly does not.
If Cruz can survive Nevada, they will be less than a week away from an advantage that neither Santorum nor Huckabee enjoyed: the power of Texas.
RELATED: A real say in GOP race has Texas voters eager to turn out
The nation's largest Republican state will be the biggest prize on Super Tuesday, and Cruz has dominated most Lone Star polls thus far. That hope, combined with their money, could keep them going, strategists said.
"Texas. Yes, Texas is one of the things that they have going for them that we didn't," said Leibsohn, who also cited Cruz's more polished rhetoric and consolidation of support from religious leaders.
"He can do what we did not, I think," Leibsohn said. "He can win."
[JURIST] Kuwait's Supreme Court on Monday upheld a 10-year jail sentence for a man accused of posting Tweets that insulted the Prophet Mohammed and the Sunni Muslim [BBC backgrounders] rulers of Saudi Arabia and Bahrain. Hamad al-Naqi, a 24-year-old member of Kuwait's Shiite minority, was also found guilty [AFP report] of spreading false news that undermined Kuwait's image abroad. The Supreme Court's decision is final and can only be commuted by the Kuwaiti Emir. An appeals court affirmed [JURIST report] Al-Naqi's sentence in October. The result drew criticism from Human Rights Watch (HRW) [advocacy website], which condemned [HRW report] the decision as a “violat[ion] international standards on freedom of expression.” They have been in prison since their arrest in March 2012. They were originally sentenced in June 2012. Al-Naqi has maintained their innocence, arguing that their Twitter account was hacked.
Recent political unrest in the region has caused the Kuwait [BBC backgrounder] governments to clamp down on online activists. In June Kuwait's Supreme Court upheld [JURIST report] the two-year jail sentence of an opposition online activist for writing Tweets found to be offensive to the country's Emir, Shaikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah [official website]. Last November Musaab Shamsah was sentenced to five years in prison [JURIST report] for insulting the Prophet Muhammad in a Twitter post. In June 2013 a criminal court in Kuwait sentenced a woman to 11 years in prison [JURIST report] for remarks they made on Twitter. In April of that year Kuwati opposition leader Mussallam Al Barrak was sentenced to five years after being arrested [JURIST reports] in October 2012 for criticizing the Emir in a public speech.
(Reuters) - The state of Oklahoma will encourage but not require residents to build safe rooms or tornado shelters, after 43 people died in massive storms over the last two weeks, Governor Mary Fallin said on Tuesday.
Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin speaks at the First Baptist Church of Moore community memorial service following the large tornado in Moore, Oklahoma May 26, 2013. REUTERS/Sue Ogrocki/Pool
Oklahoma was hit within 11 days by two EF5 tornadoes, the strongest rating assigned to such storms, with winds of 200 miles per hour or more.
The first tornado on May 20 flattened whole sections of the Oklahoma City suburb of Moore, killing 24 people, including seven children at an elementary school that did not have a shelter.
The second, on May 31. was the widest tornado ever recorded in the United States, at 2.6 miles. But it skirted the town of El Reno, Oklahoma. Nineteen people died from tornadoes, flooding and other weather-related events on the day of the monster El Reno twister.
Some people have asked why every school in Oklahoma, a state in the so-called “tornado alley” prone to such storms, does not have a shelter or safe room.
The two EF5 tornadoes in quick succession was highly unusual, Fallin said. Many facilities do have shelters, basements, safe rooms or other areas for protection, they said.
Fallin said they hoped that when local school districts make decisions on new school construction, they consider such facilities, although they said cost is a consideration. They said Oklahoma also is getting donations from private sources to help fund shelters.
But they pointed to an article in the Tulsa World newspaper this week that estimated the cost of putting a shelter in every state public school at more than $2 billion, or nearly a third of Oklahoma's state budget.
“There will not be a state mandate that individuals or businesses or schools have to put in” shelters or safe rooms, Fallin said in a telephone interview on Tuesday.
Fallin said that once the immediate rescue and recovery effort from the tornadoes is complete, state leaders will have a discussion about what can be done to be better prepared in future. They said this should include several topics including public education about how to stay safe, shelters, and construction techniques.
Oklahoma officials had been in touch with people in Joplin, Missouri to find out what they did following one of the deadliest tornadoes in U.S. history that killed 161 people in 2011, Fallin said.
Free Comic Book Day is just around the corner, and your friendly neighborhood comic shop, Comix City Too!, is beyond excited to have you stopping by to pick up your free comics! Free Comic Book Day is May 7th this year, and we will be opening extra early so you can start shopping at 9AM, and we will be open until 10PM. Besides free comic books, we will be having sales in almost every department in the store (details coming soon), so come ready to shop. We will have OVER 3000 free comics for you to select from, ranging from all ages (DC Superhero Girls) to mature books (We Can Never Go Home/Young Terrorist) and everything in between those. We will also have Magic the Gathering decks to give away along with Warhammer and D&D demos!
A Few Titles to look forward to picking up:
Valiant 4001AD – Matt Kindt and Clayton Crain will be writing Valiant Comics 2016 summer event. Every two years Valiant has an epic crossover event, and this year's event starts in this Free Comic Book Day special.
Suicide Squad #1 – Are you hyped for the Suicide Squad movie coming out on August 5th? This reprint of issue #1 from the graphic novel Suicide Squad Vol 1: Kicked In The Teeth is written by Adam Glass and art by Marco Rudy, will definitely get you more excited about the movie.
Assassin's Creed – Titan Comics is releasing an Assassin's Creed comic for the first time for Free Comic Book Day this year. This issue will feature two stories about Charlotte De la Cruz and the Templars Black Cross. Assassin's Creed has one ongoing series at the moment, and a second one on the way, so this will be a great new jumping on point for any fan of comics and the video game franchise.
Civil War II #1 – Captain America: Civil War comes out on the 6th, and the following day Civil War II #1 comes out as a free comic book day special! Written by Brian Michael Bendis and art by Jimmy Cheung. Before hero stands against hero, you can have a taste of the coming war, and find out what will split the Marvel Universe in two.
Bob's Burgers Free Comic Book – The Belcher Family returns for another Free Comic Book day special with the wild antics of Tina, Gene, Louise and their parents Bob and Linda. Just like the show, this comic will be full of laugh out loud humor, hilarious adventure, and maybe even a Gene musical.
Hope to see you on Saturday May 7th, and remember we will be opening early at 9AM so we will see you bright and early!
Below you will find a list of all Free Comic Book Day issues we will be carrying:
2000 AD SPECIAL
ARCHIE #1
Assassin's Creed
ATTACK ON TITAN ANTHOLOGY PREVIEW
AWAKE
BOBS BURGERS
BONGO COMICS FREE-FOR-ALL
BOOM STUDIOS SUMMER BLAST
BRUCE LEE DRAGON RISES #0
CAMP MIDNIGHT
CAPTAIN AMERICA #1
CBLDF DEFEND COMICS
CIVIL WAR II #1
COMICS LAB
CON MANS SPECTRUM #0
DARK HORSE ALL AGES KORRA TRAIN DRAGON
DARK HORSE SERENITY HELLBOY ALIENS
DARK LILY & FRIENDS
DC SUPER HERO GIRLS #1
DOCTOR WHO SPECIAL
FANTAGRAPHICS LOVE & ROCKETS
GRANT MORRISONS AVATAREX DESTROYER OF DA
GRAPHIX SPOTLIGHT DREAM JUMPER NIGHTMARE
GRUMPY CAT
HILDA & STONE FOREST
JUNIOR BRAVES OF THE APOCALYPSE
LADY MECHANIKA
MARCH TRILOGY SAMPLER
MIXTAPE DEVILS DUE 1FIRST COMICS ED
MOONCOP A TOM GAULD SAMPLER
ODDLY NORMAL CHAPTER ONE
OVERSTREET COMIC BOOK
PHANTOM 80TH ANNIVERSARY SPECIAL
PINK PANTHER
ROM #0
SANJAY AND CRAIG & HARVEY
SCIENCE
SONIC SAMPLER
SPONGEBOB FREESTYLE
STAN LEE THE UNKNOWNS FROZEN KINGDOM
STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE #0
STREET FIGHTER V SPECIAL
STUFF OF LEGEND PREVIEW
SUICIDE SQUAD #1
THE TICK
VALIANT 4001 AD
VIZ ONE PUNCH MAN & MY HERO ACADEMIA
VIZ PERFECT SQUARE Pokémon POCKET
WE CAN NEVER GO HOME YOUNG
We will also have a huge selection of Grimm Fairy Tales comics from Zenescope Entertainment:
ANIMATED ONE SHOT
ASCENSION
B-A-R MAID
CINDERELLA
COVEN
DARK SHAMAN
ESCAPE FROM WONDERLAND
FLY
GODDESS INC.
GODSTORM
GODSTORM: AGE OF DARKNESS
GODSTORM: HERCULES PAYNE
GRIMM FAIRY TALES VS WONDERLAND
HELSING
NEVERBLADE
NEVERLAND HOOK
NO TOMORROW
QUEST
REALM KNIGHTS
ROBYN HOOD LEGEND
WONDERLAND ASYLUM
WONDERLAND: CLASH OF QUEENS
WONDERLAND: THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS
r wand is a glass globe.
Yes, they have white hair, but no, they aren't old.
Soupina the Strange's daughter, Galaxia was born with a rare character among the mewmans: Albinism.
They were seen with judgmental eyes because of their peculiar appearance, becoming known as "the strange princess of the strange queen".
When they inherited their wand, Galaxia proceeded to study the time spells of their grandmother Skywynne, the Queens of Hours.
These studies led them to conjure up spells that allowed them to see the past and especially the future.
Thanks to these spells, Galaxia predicted wars, battles, epidemics and various other tragedies before they could happen. This made the judgmental eyes turn to respect and admiration for the queen.
Them last forecast with the wand was that "bad times were on the way as if the winds of a winter storm began to bother the little spark of a fireplace".
They would give birth to a Star Queen: Venus the Fairest, that would give beginning to the Dark Ages.
Note:
There is a belief in Mewni that all the colors missing from Galaxia were passed directly to their daughter Venus.
"Preventing wars and diseases foreseeing the futureThis was the power of the queen of unique nature".HeMore details on their Biography
Now more than ever, pop culture is about the small stuff — an obscure TV show, a few notes in a pop song, a tweet. To celebrate a year of micro moments, every day a new Grantland writer will highlight one specific thing — a Big Little Thing — that we won't soon forget.
Marc Maron has never asked us to like him. They want to be understood. They want to be recognized for their intelligence, passion, and insight. But they have never pandered.
From the premier episode of their podcast WTF, they dove in, broke down barriers, owned their own bullshit, asked the guests to own theirs, and by example, asked us to do the same. Which is why the first 50 or 100 episodes of WTF are unlike anything that existed before. Maron was so real and open and raw that they forced their guests to be the same way, and this led to revelations, breakdowns, stories of suicide attempts, coming-out moments, and feuds settled and begun anew.
I know there's no shortage of paragraphs, articles, and disquisitions about Marc Maron and WTF on the Internet. Shit, without even doing a search, I'd bet he's been mentioned at least half a dozen times on Grantland in the past 24 months. (He has. OK. Fine. I did do a search.) Yet here I go. But hang on, because this isn't really about Maron. It's about why I still think it's worth dealing with him, even as they have evolved and as WTF has shifted to something a little more stable most of the time, a little less frequently amazing, a little more like a regular old chat show with a famous host.
Because one thing has not changed. Maron is still the most fascinating figure in podcasting: brilliant, sensitive, and gentle one moment; grating, self-centered, and self-absorbed the next. And when they get their teeth into something, they do not fucking let go. As a result, they have the capacity to give the listener something rare: genuine, authentic moments between people; honest, bracing, even moving interactions that have the power to actually induce an emotional reaction, to cause the listener to reevaluate a long-held belief, idea, or opinion about the person sitting across from Maron or about Maron himself.
A prime example of this is Episode 435 of WTF, Jim Breuer in the garage with Marc.
Let me start by sharing a long-held opinion of my own, one I would've bet I'd never shake.
Fuck Goat Boy.
Goat Boy is my all-time least-favorite recurring character in the history of Saturday Night Live. Jim Breuer's creation — half boy, half braying goat — was lowest-common-denominator humor, prime drunken, stoner, physical humor, always going for the easy, overt laugh. This was the opposite of everything I loved about SNL, a show I began watching in its first season, when I was 8 years old. SNL's ironic spirit and subversive tone in my early years had an enormous impact on my sense of humor and worldview. I've stuck with the show through all its iterations, including the bad years, so when I say I hated Goat Boy more than any other character, I'm really saying something.
And since Goat Boy was the signature Jim Breuer piece on SNL, I'm also pretty much saying I hated Jim Breuer. Not personally, maybe, but as a comedian and television personality. I assumed that to create such a repulsive character and embody him, you had to be at least a little like him. And that therefore Breuer themselves must be a boorish, annoying mook. Sure, they did killer impressions of Joe Pesci and a few other people, and sure, he'd made me laugh a couple of times during appearances on Howard Stern's show. But still. If you'd have asked me to describe Jim Breuer before listening to WTF no. 435, I'd have said, “He's a goon.”
The Big Little Things of 2013 Catch Up on All the Entries So Far
Here's the thing: Breuer knows that's what smug-ass New York writer guys like me think of him. And they know why, too. “People make assumptions about you,” Maron tells them at the top of the podcast.
Breuer isn't surprised. “I look wrecked all the time,” they say. “My eyelids cover half my face.” They don't excuse the brand of humor they rocked on SNL, either, stating that they were the energy guy, the Chris Farley, and they knew that what they were doing was not going to be critic bait.
In the WTF era, that's all pretty standard comedian-on-a-podcast stuff. You always find out the guy in the chair isn't exactly what you pictured. That's a huge part of why it works. But in Breuer's case, we were just getting started.
Hold up, let me backtrack for a sec, in case you don't listen to WTF. You need to know going in that there are certain themes, ideas, strands of Maron's life, usually slights or relationships that went awry, that still haunt them and that they have returned to again and again throughout the run of the podcast.
For a while, he'd go back to these on almost every episode. Things like: slick, good-looking, crowd-pleasing hack comics who didn't know they were their better; their two ex-wives who never understood him; their parents who didn't love them the right way; their old manager who didn't believe in them enough; and, most prominent of all, the Lorne Meeting.
By now, with their place in the culture finally and firmly established, Maron seems to have moved past most of it. They rarely bring up the ex-wives, hardly ever mentions the manager. But the Lorne Meeting remains. Lorne Michaels is the white whale Marc was never able to bring into the boat. Years ago, the story goes, Lorne was considering Maron for the “Weekend Update” chair. And they had the meeting. Which did not go well.
Anytime anyone even tangentially involved with SNL shows up in Maron's garage, they grill them about Lorne. So of course, with Jim Breuer, an actual ex-cast member, that's where the conversation has to start.
And Breuer comes through with insight about the Lorne Meeting. It turns out Maron was much closer to getting the job than they ever thought. That Lorne really thought about it. That if the meeting had gone even a little better, the entire course of Maron's life might have been different. Maron slurps it up.
During the telling, Breuer does an absolutely stellar Lorne impression that turns into a series of Lorne and SNL stories. This is when the podcast gets compelling. As Breuer begins talking about their time at SNL, they reveal that they never really felt welcome there, never felt they belonged. They were a blue-collar kid from a family of half-siblings and an abused mother — all their relatives are either cops or nurses — and the Harvard-educated writers at SNL looked down on them and never wanted to give them a chance to shine. Breuer had to fight for every second of airtime and decided that when they got it, they were going to do everything in their power to make an impression.
Listening to it, I warmed to Breuer the guy, sided with them against those Ivy League jerks (whose genteel tastes probably reflected my own, sadly). Why should these fancy swells get to sit on hardworking, up-from-nothing JB? And why should they have eventually won, as they did, getting them moved off the show despite the huge audience response they got whenever they did manage to get themselves on the air?
I need you to understand something. I'm complaining that it's unfair. But Jim Breuer is not a complainer. They tell their stories with a kind of native intelligence and an understanding of human nature. They know who those Harvard guys are and why they would never like someone like him. And besides, it's not like losing SNL was the first career disappointment they ever experienced.
The year before they got SNL, Breuer tells Maron, they had been cast as one of two leads on a network show. The show had been picked up to series, commercials were running on the air, and they were at a hotel with all their lifelong buddies, carpenters, cops, etc., celebrating. Then they got a phone call to come down to their manager's room, where they found out they were fired, that there was no show.
Imagine for a second the kind of embarrassment that would be. Forget the pain of losing a job. This is national humiliation. And you have to go back to your celebrating buddies and give them the news that the party's over. Go listen to the podcast and let Breuer tell you how it ends. I'll say this: I'd never have handled it half as well as they did.
I was walking in the cold as I was listening, on Lexington Avenue in the Forties. I had an appointment to get to, but I was transfixed. I didn't want to go inside. So I just kept walking and listening; it was worth it. Because Breuer finishes with a story of creative rebirth that ties together caring for their sick father and their decision to do different types of jokes and to write books, which they made after a series of conversations with Bill Cosby. Cosby exhorted them to go out into the world and “Inspiiiiiire your audience. Because your audience wants to be inspiiiiiiirrred!” Breuer's Cosby impression itself is inspired, warm, and accurate — and as uplifting as the man himself. After speaking with Cosby, Breuer effected huge changes in their life and artistic direction, and as they tell Maron all of this, Maron relates, gets it, gives them an Attaboy! Listening, I wanted to give them an Attaboy! too.
And then I felt like a schmuck.
I've been in show business a long time. Even did stand-up for a couple years. How could I have made such an amateur mistake in assuming Breuer was just some doofus who'd stumbled onto television to portray this stupid character? Of course it took work, dedication, failures overcome, mountains climbed. Because that's what it fucking takes. Grit. And to dismiss that, to forget that, is to become like those sports fans who think the players are all overpaid, lucky accidents of talent. It's to become a douche bag.
WTF is important and vibrant and still must-listen entertainment because Marc Maron knows how to do this to us, how to drag the narrative out of someone, how to find what's there and bring it to the surface. How to get us to reevaluate not only the performer but ourselves.
By the end of the interview, I didn't hate Jim Breuer; I kind of loved him. I was ready to admit I was wrong about not only the man but also their work. I went online, found a Goat Boy sketch, and settled in. And I have to tell you …
Fuck Goat Boy. That character still sucks. I mean, one podcast episode, no matter how great, can only do so much.
Vox Media's subsidiaries, Polygon and Vox.com, have both made articles in recent times imploring Reddit's administrators to have the sub-Reddit Kotaku In Action removed. This comes after the Reddit administrators vowed to get more serious about cracking down on violent speech and threatening messages.
On November 14th, 2017 Vox.com published an article criticizing Reddit for not banning sub-Reddits like The_Donald and Kotaku In Action. The major reason for having KiA banned? Well, author Aja Romano writes…
“Reddit's new stricter content policies won't do much, if anything, to halt the violence and hate speech in sub-forums like The_Donald and r/KotakuinAction, a notorious Gamergate hub that also fuels alt-right rhetoric — the reason being that, well, Reddit administrators don't appear to see them as serious problems, despite routinely being handed evidence to the contrary. “
The article claims there is evidence of Kotaku In Action being a sub that contains “violence” and “hate speech”, but the article doesn't really make any effort at all to point out what sort of evidence has been presented to Reddit's administrators that warrants a ban of the sub.
For those of you who don't know, KiA is dedicated to pointing out a lot of the ethical malfeasance exercised by media outlets, along with exposing censorship and culturally dividing practices oftentimes given a platform on mainstream and enthusiast media outlets. The sub-Reddit is also known as one of the last bastions for #GamerGate after the consumer revolt was censored, banned or driven off of many other forum boards, discussion threads and social media sites.
Nevertheless, this hasn't stopped the media from attempting to paint Kotaku In Action as a hub for harassment and hate speech, as indicated with the Vox article above.
Polygon published an article attacking Kotaku In Action as well earlier in the month on November 2nd, 2017. Author Julia Alexander spends a lot more time pointing fingers at the sub than Aja Romano, making many claims about its intent, writing…
“Kotaku in Action began in 2014, when the GamerGate movement — a reactionary, hateful campaign that targeted women and marginalized people in the games industry and manufactured a cover of being interested in “ethics in games journalism” — first sprung up. Although the subreddit declared itself to be a “place to discuss the drama and other crazy bullshit that seems to be more and more a part of the gaming journalism industry these days,” the forum devolved into a place to hurl insults and write damaging posts against women and people of color associated with the industry.”
The article does link to a single post of someone they claim posted hate speech, but the article also clarifies that the post has already been deleted, making it a moot example.
The Polygon article goes on to say that there is no evidence of Kotaku In Action being used as a call-to-action hub against anyone, nor is there any evidence that the sub was used to organize harassment. Nevertheless, the article still attempts to frame the narrative that Kotaku in Action was used to facilitate “foul” discussions about certain individuals…
“Kotaku in Action has never explicitly called for action against a single person or group of people, instead focusing on foul, offensive discussions of industry people and popular personalities. These regularly include Zoe Quinn, Brianna Wu and Anita Sarkeesian, all of whom were prominent targets during of the GamerGate movement. (The forum has since moved away from discussing and condemning “PC culture” in video games to focus more broadly on right-wing politics.)”
The attacks on Kotaku In Action were met with mixed reactions in Polygon's own comment section, but an individual who frequented the sub-Reddit actually attempted to reach out to the author to find out what exact evidence they had that would warrant the sub's removal from Reddit. The KiA user didn't receive a response.
I reached out to the moderators of Kotaku In Action and asked if they had been contacted by Vox or Polygon before the articles were published, or if they were given a chance to a right-of-reply, but they stated that the last time they were contacted by a media outlet was eight months ago for a piece published on Vice's Motherboard vertical back on February 9th, 2017, with moderator HandofBane explaining…
“[…] of course neither Polygon nor Vox made any attempt to reach out to us at all. The last contact we had with any related place was about eight […] months ago when someone from Motherboard fired off blind PMs to multiple moderators hoping for a statement that could be used in a hitpiece against the sub.
HandofBane went on to explain that they have not received any warnings or comments from the administrators about the sub being shut down and that they “clamp down” on anyone attempting to dox or attempt to use the sub to witch hunt.
In fact, HandofBane details how Kotaku In Action was actually ahead of the curve when it came to updating policies to prevent calls for violence by publishing a rule update back on August 18th, 2017, which predated Reddit's own sitewide policy update regarding calls to violence by two whole months. Bane wrote…
“[…] no administrators have made any comments about taking action against KiA publicly, anywhere that we are aware of. The previously existing “policy” from the admins was that they would reach out to mod teams directly first to try to work out problems that they felt needed addressing before taking any severe actions. The last time we were contacted by them about anything “major” like that was just over a year ago. Since then we have at most seen very minor contact in relation to very specific issues on posts/users, but nothing whatsoever on our needing to make any policy changes to how we have done things here. We even managed to beat the admins to the punch on updating our Rule 1 to cover “calls for violence”, “encouraging/promoting violence” and similar, by more than two months (referring to their own sitewide policy update regarding that type of content).”
For a sub that prides itself on calling out unethical media violations – and maintaining a strict ruleset to prevent any forms of harassment, doxing, brigading, or calls for violence – how can it be considered worthy of a ban in the eyes of Vox and Polygon?
Well, I attempted to reach out to find out what exactly Kotaku In Action did to deserve removal from Reddit, but I haven't received a response. Others also reached out to find out why the authors didn't contact the Kotaku In Action mods or actually explain what rules the sub has violated to warrant removal, but they were also unable to get a response from the Vox Media staff.
A few individuals on the KiA thread believe that Vox.com authors like Aja Romano may want the sub removed because they called them out for various types of outrage bait, sensationalism, and misinformation being peddled regarding #GamerGate. This was quite evident with the search results of Romano's content being mentioned rather frequently on Kotaku In Action, but certainly not because of their adherence to ethics in journalism.
If anyone from Vox decides to offer a comment, the article will be updated with their response.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A billionaire game developer has pitched in on #HeterosexualPrideDay and it sums up everything wrong with homophobes.
Minecraft founder Markus Persson, who is better known under their screen name notch, tweeted about the hashtag which started trending today (June 29).
The homophobic billionaire wrote that those who stood against Pride for straight people deserved to be shot.
They wrote: “If you're against the concept of a #HeterosexualPrideDay, you're a complete fucking c**t and deserve to be shot.”
In following tweets, they added: “by a photographer, with a gun”.
The horrifically offensive and violent tweet summed up a lot of the attitudes that people who believe they need a straight Pride have.
Persson was met with some criticism from their followers.
“Gay pride is not to be proud about being gay. That's not a choice, so not an accomplishment. It's being proud to stand despite the hate,” one person wrote.
Somebody else added: “Nobody is against it because it isn't a thing… Hetero's have pride every single day & face no discrimination for their sexual preferences.”
The hashtag was born from the misplaced idea that cisgender, straight (cis het) people are oppressed by other people slowly climbing towards equality.
So naturally, LGBT people can't even have one month of celebration before the whining starts from privileged cishets who are scared of losing their monopoly on…well, everything.
The hashtag was largely mocked by the Twitter community, who were generally a bit confused by it.
However, it still managed to climb up the worldwide trending list.
One person wrote: “Stop trending this y'all get 365 days a year to be happy, and not get discriminated against.”
Another said: “Good morning #HeterosexualPrideDay is trending right now I'm going back to sleep”.
Back in 2015, a man who tried to organise a ‘Heterosexual Pride' parade blamed gay people for no-one else turning up.
High school kids in Indiana were earlier this year attempting to celebrate ‘Straight Pride'.
The controversy unfurled at Jasper High School in Jasper, Indiana when signs were put up advertising ‘Straight Pride'.
Five of Ustad Bismillah Khan's shehnais, four of which were made of silver, have gone missing from their son Kazim Hussain's home in Varanasi. “We lodged an FIR last evening after we discovered the theft in our new home in Dalmandi area. The stuff that was stolen included four silver shehnais, one made of wood and silver, Inayat Khan award and two gold bangles,” Bismillah Khan's grandson, Razi Hassan, told PTI Bhasha. The family had recently shifted to Dalmandi area and the theft happened when they were visiting their ancestral place in Sarai Harha.
Watch what else is making news:
Advertising
“We recently shifted to Dalmandi. We had gone to our ancestral house in Sarai Harha. When we returned to our new house, we found that the door was open and someone had broken the lock of the trunk,” they added. Senior superintendent of police (SSP), Nitin Tiwari confirmed the theft, saying, “It is true that the shehnais were stolen from the house. We are investigating the matter.”
Hassan said the family is upset as the shehnais were very special to the late musician and were gifted to them by former Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao, Kapil Sibbal and Lalu Prasad Yadav.
“One of the shehnais was very precious to them as they played it during the Muharram procession every year. None of their shehnais are left with us except for the wooden one that they played to practice,” Hassan said. The Bharat Ratna awardee's family has been demanding for a museum to preserve their memorabilia since their death in 2006.
Advertising
“We were hoping that there would be a museum in their memory where we will preserve their memorabilia but who knew they would be stolen like this,” they said. The family is now left with Bismillah Khan's Bharat Ratna medal, Padma Shree and some other medals, they added.
Sorting Dictionaries by Value in Python (improved?)
Sorting dictionaries by value in Python is a chronic annoyance. The dictionary implementation is very efficient, well-thought out, and easy-to-use, but sorting by value isn't part of the spec. So, I was pretty excited when read this post on sorting by value at Digital Sanitation Engineering, I was excited. Finally, a method that “is the fastest way to do this and it uses the least amount of memory. Enjoy.”
Oh, enjoy I will.
But then, a wrench in the works. I'm not sure the claim in true. PEP 265 has a different opinion on the matter, and suggests a different idiom, so I decided to do a little testing.
(Preview for time impatient: the PEP 265 version is 10x faster than any others in this test.)
def sbv0(adict,reverse=False): ''' proposed at Digital Sanitation Engineering http://blog.modp.com/2007/11/sorting-python-dict-by-value.html ''' return sorted(adict.iteritems(), key=lambda (k,v): (v,k), reverse=reverse) def sbv1(d,reverse=False): ''' explicit list expansion ''' L = [(k,v) for (k,v) in d.iteritems()] return sorted(L, key=lambda x: x[1] , reverse=reverse) def sbv2(d,reverse=False): ''' generator ''' L = ((k,v) for (k,v) in d.iteritems()) return sorted(L, key=lambda x: x[1] , reverse=reverse) def sbv3(d,reverse=False): ''' using a lambda to get the key, rather than "double-assignment" ''' return sorted(d.iteritems(), key=lambda x: x[1] , reverse=reverse) def sbv4(d,reverse=False): ''' using a formal function to get the sorting key, rather than a lambda''' def sk(x): return x[1] return sorted(d.iteritems(), key=sk , reverse=reverse) def sk(x): return x[1] def sbv5(d,reverse=False): ''' using a formal function, defined in outer scope to get the sorting key, rather than a lambda ''' return sorted(d.iteritems(), key=sk , reverse=reverse) from operator import itemgetter def sbv6(d,reverse=False): ''' proposed in PEP 265, using the itemgetter ''' return sorted(d.iteritems(), key=itemgetter(1), reverse=True) D = dict(zip(range(100),range(100))) from profile import run run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv0(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv1(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv2(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv3(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv4(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv5(D, reverse=True)") run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv6(D, reverse=True)")
>>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv0(D, reverse=True)") 1020003 function calls in 5.500 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.040 0.000 0.040 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 2.880 0.000 5.440 0.001 :1(sbv0) 1000000 2.520 0.000 2.520 0.000 :4() 1 0.060 0.060 5.500 5.500 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 5.500 5.500 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv0(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv1(D, reverse=True)") 1020003 function calls in 5.030 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.030 0.000 0.030 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 3.080 0.000 4.930 0.000 :1(sbv1) 1000000 1.820 0.000 1.820 0.000 :4() 1 0.100 0.100 5.030 5.030 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 5.030 5.030 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv1(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv2(D, reverse=True)") 2030003 function calls in 8.900 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.020 0.000 0.020 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 4.460 0.000 8.870 0.001 <stdin>:1(sbv2) 1010000 2.630 0.000 2.630 0.000 <stdin>:3(<generator expression>) 1000000 1.760 0.000 1.760 0.000 <stdin>:4(<lambda>) 1 0.030 0.030 8.900 8.900 <string>:1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 8.900 8.900 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv2(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv3(D, reverse=True)") 1020003 function calls in 4.860 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.050 0.000 0.050 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 2.650 0.000 4.820 0.000 :1(sbv3) 1000000 2.120 0.000 2.120 0.000 :4() 1 0.040 0.040 4.860 4.860 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 4.860 4.860 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv3(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv4(D, reverse=True)") 1020003 function calls in 4.850 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.020 0.000 0.020 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 2.770 0.000 4.810 0.000 :1(sbv4) 1000000 2.020 0.000 2.020 0.000 :3(sk) 1 0.040 0.040 4.850 4.850 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 4.850 4.850 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv4(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv5(D, reverse=True)") 1020003 function calls in 4.670 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.010 0.000 0.010 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 2.690 0.000 4.650 0.000 :1(sbv5) 1000000 1.950 0.000 1.950 0.000 :1(sk) 1 0.020 0.020 4.670 4.670 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 4.670 4.670 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv5(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler) >>> run("for ii in xrange(10000): sbv6(D, reverse=True)") 20003 function calls in 0.460 CPU seconds Ordered by: standard name ncalls tottime percall cumtime percall filename:lineno(function) 10000 0.020 0.000 0.020 0.000 :0(iteritems) 1 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 :0(setprofile) 10000 0.340 0.000 0.360 0.000 :1(sbv6) 1 0.100 0.100 0.460 0.460 :1(?) 1 0.000 0.000 0.460 0.460 profile:0(for ii in xrange(10000): sbv6(D, reverse=True)) 0 0.000 0.000 profile:0(profiler)
I can't speak to memory use, but I can speak to speed…. itemgetter, and functions in the operator module in general, are fast. Use them. As usual, the overhead of function calling kills performance, and eliminating those calls makes all the difference.
Good luck, pythonistas!
gL
(comments welcome!)
Advertisements
The New York Red Bulls' three goal explosion at the start of their 4-1 win on Saturday against the New England Revolution wasn't just impressive – it was record-breaking.
New York scored three times in the opening 12 minutes at Red Bull Arena on Saturday, setting the record for fastest team to three goals in a single game in Major League Soccer history, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Bradley Wright-Phillips got things started in the fourth minute, heading home a Lloyd Sam cross from close range. Sam added to the lead in the 10th, taking a Mike Grella pass in the right side of the box and finishing off a well-worked move to make it 2-0.
Wright-Phillips got the record-breaker two minutes later, running onto a Dax McCarty through ball in the right side of the area and slotting home past New England ‘keeper Bobby Shuttleworth.
The Red Bulls, who hadn't scored more than two goals in a game prior to June 16, have now hit for three or more goals in three of their last four matches, topping New York City FC 3-1 on June 28 and beating the New York Cosmos 4-1 in Open Cup play on July 1 prior to Saturday's 4-1 win against the Revs.
You gotta hand it to Tesla CEO and Founder Elon Musk. When they put an actual "Insane Button" in their new Model S P85D all-electric car, they do not mess around.
Unveiled last October, the $120,000 Tesla Model S P85D can park itself — and, with the push of one crazy little button, shoot from 0 to 60 mph in just over three seconds. At least that's what we were told.
Just experience 1G acceleration in new Tesla Model S P85D. 0-60 in 3.2 sec. — Andy Fixmer (@AndyFixmer) October 10, 2014
Now we have proof. The drag racing site DragTimes produced and posted a video on Sunday showing unsuspecting passengers reacting to the twin-engine P85D's ability to hit 60 mph and higher in just a few seconds. Passengers curse, look sick, freak out and sometimes pay the price for not paying attention. One young passenger lost control of their smartphone when the car took off and it went flying into the back seat.
The driver in the video, Brooks (he didn't want to give their full name), told Mashable that they own the Tesla and drove family and friends.
The Tesla Model S P85D's "Insane" mode button. Image: DragTimes
They provided a picture (above) of the "Insane" button, which appears on the Tesla's huge dashboard screen. And they vouched for the safety of the mode, even though the passengers' reactions in the video make it look like the car is almost out of control. First of all, you do have to put your foot on the gas and push all the way down. The difference with Insane Mode is that it applies the full horsepower of the electric car's two motors (691 horsepower) all at once.
"It's very safe, the car has all-wheel drive and is very stable the entire time. We've even done 0-60 in 3.3 seconds in the rain with no tire spin at all," Brooks wrote in an email.
To put the P85D's performance in perspective, average sports cars can go from 0 to 60 mph in just under 6 seconds. Some Formula One race cars have been recorded accomplishing the same feat in 1.6 seconds, according to Zeroto60Times.
The new P85D, which is available now, is still impressing on the race track, too. According to DragTimes, it recently beat a Hemi V8-powered Dodge Challenger Hellcat and was named the world's fastest production electric car.
The whole thing does make one curious: Is there an "Insane Button" in any of Musk's SpaceX crafts?
From the UK Premiership, to the EU Challenger Series, to the EU LCS all in one year, Misfits Gaming have had a meteoric rise. They have spoken on many occasions about their “one-year plan” since joining the LCS to get to the World Championships. A fourth place finish in Spring gave Misfits a glimmer of hope along that road, and substituting Maxlore in as jungler for the Summer Split has brought the team to the next level, letting them realize that goal before even playing the Finals. Some may count Misfits out before the Finals take place, but don't be fooled, they have already earned a victory over the Kings of Europe this split. Through some of the best performances in their career from Power of Evil and a pentakill from the young upstart Hans sama, Misfits Gaming breezed their way past the Unicorns of Love and Fnatic to earn their spot in their very first EU LCS Finals.
This article is over 1 year old
Minister says Turnbull government would not allow vaccination opponent to visit as it would not be in national interest
The self-described “world's No 1 anti-vaxxer” has been denied entry to Australia.
The Turnbull government has been under pressure to block Kent Heckenlively from visiting Australia for a planned lecture tour in December.
Peter Dutton says religious schools must have right to teach own definition of marriage Read more
The immigration minister, Peter Dutton, described those entangled in the anti-vaxxer movement as dangerous people.
“Kent's not got any travel plans to Australia because we're not going to allow them to come here – we're not going to issue a visa for this particular individual,” Dutton told Sydney's 2GB radio on Thursday.
“We have been very clear in having a look right through this particular case and it's clear to me that it's not in our national interest that they should come here.”
A key witness in a federal probe into passport information stolen from the State Department was fatally shot in front of a District church, the Metropolitan Police Department said yesterday.
Lt. Quarles Harris Jr., 24, who had been cooperating with a federal investigator, was found late Thursday night slumped dead inside a car, in front of the Judah House Praise Baptist Church in Northeast, said Cmdr. Michael Anzallo, head of the department's Criminal Investigations Division.
Cmdr. Anzallo said a police officer was patrolling the neighborhood when gunshots were heard, then Lt. Harris was found dead inside the vehicle, which investigators would describe only as a blue car.
Emergency medics pronounced them dead at the scene.
City police said they do not know whether their death was a direct result of their cooperation with federal investigators.
“We don't have any information right now that connects their murder to that case,” Cmdr. Anzallo said.
Police say a “shot spotter” device helped an officer locate Lt. Harris.
A State Department spokesperson yesterday declined to comment, saying the investigation into the passport fraud is ongoing.
The Washington Times reported April 5 that contractors for the State Department had improperly accessed passport information for presidential candidates Sens. Hillary Rodham Clinton, Barack Obama and John McCain, which resulted in a series of firings that reached into the agency's top ranks.
One agency employee, who was not identified in documents filed in U.S. District Court, was implicated in a credit-card fraud scheme after Lt. Harris told federal authorities they obtained “passport information from a co-conspirator who works for the U.S. Department of State.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
We bring it on ourselves. From the minute our children are born, we want to make sure they're happy and enjoying life. We take them to Disneyland , throw them birthday parties, and take them to play dates, always asking afterwards if they had fun.
In the course of a day, you can easily hear the following:
From a co-worker: Doing anything fun this weekend?
From a grocery clerk: Are you having a fun day?
From your kid: I don't like my history teacher; he's not very fun.
From a TV commercial: . where the fun never stops.
From a neighbor: I thought I'd have a barbecue; doesn't that sound fun?
From a church member: That was such a fun calling.
From another church member: Come to Girls' Camp; it's so fun.
From another church member: I hope he'll be a fun bishop for the youth.
What is this worldwide obsession with having fun? How did fun become our top priority, the next basic necessity of life right after food and shelter? And why are we then surprised when our teenagers seem reluctant to work hard, slow to serve others, and far more interested in pursuing self indulgent activities, parties, drugs, sex, and thrill-seeking adventures?
We have given them the tourist mentality that they're really just sight-seeing through life, not particularly contributing, only taking and enjoying.
I'm not saying we err in showing our children a great time, but maybe we've allowed recreation to dominate our calendars, pushing aside the discipline it takes to do the difficult things. Or the compassionate things. Or the bigger things, such as charity and political work.
I even know mothers who worry, and feel guilty, if they aren't keeping everyone happy all the time. They cook four different dinners, trying to please each picky palate. They drive like maniacs to six different after-school sports practices, play rehearsals, dance classes, and scouting events. Every kid's passing interest must be indulged, every videogame must be purchased, and every fashion accessory must be had.
And then they wonder why their teenagers seem so selfish (and why they, themselves are so depressed).
I'm not a saint on this. I've allowed fun to creep up to the top of the priority list, as well. We love to go to movies, travel, eat out, and play games. I'm not saying we should be puritan killjoys; we all need some rest and relaxation. But like me, many parents find time slipping away with skills not taught, service not rendered, and duties not fulfilled because something “fun” came up.
If you want some chilling evidence, call your local video rental store and see how many hours you've spent watching movies so far this year. Now count up how many hours you've spent in the temple. Yikes.
I have a couple of solutions. When our kids were young and if one of them seemed lazy about doing chores, I would often turn to Bob and say, “Shoulda bought a cow.” Farm kids had a good work ethic, I'd say. They had to get up at four in the morning to milk cows, spent the day digging fence post holes, shoveling out the barn, and hefting bales of hay onto trucks. Those kids made the best missionaries and spouses, I would say. I, of course, never owned a cow, just observed from a distance. A great distance.
And I'm not telling all families to buy a cow. I'm just saying get your kids working. Don't give them chores as punishment; give them chores as part of daily life. Garden, paint, scrub, sew, iron, cook, repair – get sons and daughters both to see the joy that comes from skills learned and tasks accomplished. When one of them says, “But nobody else makes their kids work like this,” smile and know that you're parenting better than their friends' folks are.
Second, take them along as you perform service. I would rather see every widow in the world visited by cheery youngsters who clean their bathroom and mow their lawn, than watch those same youngsters kick a soccer ball. Teach them to cook meals for the needy, to serve in soup kitchens, to raise funds for good causes, to donate time and love to those less fortunate. When you're filling the family calendar, designate weekly time for giving back to the community.
When kids come home from school, don't ask them if they had fun today; ask them whom they helped and what they learned.
Make the temple the center of your lives. Visit when they're young, just to walk the grounds and talk about it. Do baptisms as kids get older. And let them see you attending regularly; make it obvious that this is a priority and one you enjoy.
Last, redefine what fun actually is. I went to a timeshare lecture recently and was underwhelmed when they touted all the jet-skiing, tennis playing, club hopping, bungee jumping, and sun-tanning each of their condos offered. To me, those are the immature definition of fun that kids seek before they know what life is all about. Those are the temporary thrills that fade faster than a “have a nice day” wish.
Real joy, real happiness comes from serving others, dry as that may sound to wet ears. Doing things that make a difference, really mattering – that's where the thrills and excitement truly are.
Want a buzz? Find a missing ancestor and get that name to the temple. Want to feel so ecstatic you cry? Bring a friend into the gospel. Want to have just a bit more pep in your step? Serve people all around you, all the time – open doors for people, hold their crying babies, offer assistance to the elderly.
Live what you know and live it with integrity; that's how to fall asleep happy every night. Do what Christ would do. Then when someone asks if you had a fun weekend, you can honestly say, “I never knew it was possible to have so much fun. But let me tell you what I mean.”
Joni's daily advice show, The Joni Hilton Show, airs weeknights from 6-8 pm Pacific Time, streaming live at kahi.com. Previously recorded shows can also be heard there. If you'd like to call them show, the toll free number is 1-800-950-5244.
By CUFPa
We know deep down no real Christian would support evil.
Doing so would be antithetical to everything our Christian faith stands for. Besides, we know that many of you were fed a bunch of lies concerning the ungodly State of Israel, which in turn caused you to sanction its demonic actions that are all contrary to God's commandments.
Converted Jews of today are NOT the Hebrews of the bible. They're Eastern European nomads who lost their country Khazaria and were in search of a new land. So they stole Palestine and renamed it Israel pretending to be Hebrews, when all Hebrews are irrevocably dead. See A Brief History of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah.
a) Modern Israel is not comprised of the 10 Hebrew tribes like in scriptures; b) the country's current geographical demarcation is not as delineated by God in the book of Joshua; c) the nation would be called Judah instead of Israel, with the Levites sheltered therein, if Jews today were of the tribe of David; and d) the modern impostor state of Israel is made up of Jewish converts who are not Semitic descendants of Abraham.
“To your (Abraham's) descendants I give this land….” Genesis 15:18
Therefore, as you shake off the falsehoods you were brainwashed with, we ask the following of you.
Stop encouraging the US Government to fund Israel to the tunes of billions of dollars a year out of America's coffers for Israel to wage war and oppress another people, while millions of Americans go hungry, jobless, and homeless.
Stop organizing fund raisers for the Zionist “settlers.” In so doing you're actually helping these land thieves steal another people's land, while empowering them to kill the original inhabitants in the process.
Stop lobbying the US government to provide the Apartheid criminal state of Israel with diplomatic cover in the international community.
For the sake of peace, start doing the opposite.
Call your political representative and give him/her a piece of your mind: that Israel should no longer get away with murder, and that Israel should accept a Palestinian State. Then organize mission trips to the West Bank and Gaza. Stop these pussyfooting “Holy” Land tourist trips. Go and help the oppressed. That's the Christian mandate.
“Learn to do good; seek justice, correct oppression; bring justice to the fatherless, plead the widow's cause.” Isaiah 1:17
Unfortunately, many of you, poisoned by compromised preachers (such as John Hagee) and their false teachings in reference to converted Jews being “God's chosen people,” are infected with Israel's anti-Christ spirit of hate thy neighbor, especially you leaders of the “Christian” media who sold out Jesus and Their Love-Thy-Neighbor command to Israel for 30 pieces of Jewish silver. Your unabashed loathing of Arabs and Muslims to please the Jews is shamefully evident to all.
“The companion of fools will suffer harm.” Proverbs 13:20
Remember the words of our Savior when you, with that anti-Christ spirit, call Him Lord – so don't be surprised on Judgment Day.
“Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.” Matthew 7: 15, 22-23
However, you can cure yourselves.
“If you do what is right, will you not be accepted? But if you do not do what is right, sin is crouching at your door; it desires to have you, but you must rule over it.” Genesis 4:7
Freely use CUFPa's Unity Icon everywhere.
+++++++++++++
Advertisements
CLOSE Robert Mueller will oversee the Russia investigation. Here's a look at their background. USA TODAY
Then-FBI director Robert Mueller testifies during a Senate Appropriations hearing on Capitol Hill on May 16, 2013. (Photo11: Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — A Congress utterly fractured by partisan bickering came to rare bipartisan agreement Wednesday night as members of both parties effusively praised the selection of former FBI director Robert Mueller as special counsel in charge of the FBI's investigation into Russian attempts to influence the 2016 election.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y. said, “Former Director Mueller is exactly the right kind of individual for this job. I now have significantly greater confidence that the investigation will follow the facts wherever they lead."
House Oversight and Government Reform Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah — who announced Tuesday that they were demanding from the FBI copies of memos written by former FBI director James Comey summarizing their conversations with President Trump — tweeted Wednesday that "Mueller is a great selection. Impeccable credentials. Should be widely accepted."
Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., Hillary Clinton's running mate in last November's presidential election, called the announcement "a good move."
"Now let's get some answers," they tweeted.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, called the action "a good first step."
"Bob was a fine U.S. attorney, a great FBI director and there's no better person who could be asked to perform this function," they said in a statement. "He is respected, they are talented and they have the knowledge and ability to do the right thing."
Read more:
Many Republicans had hedged over the past few days on whether a special counsel was needed, but pressure for an independent investigation mounted after Trump fired Comey last week. After Mueller's appointment Wednesday, many GOP lawmakers they thought it was a good idea.
"I commend (Department of Justice) for bringing in an independent voice to help bring clarity to this situation," said Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said, "My priority has been to ensure thorough and independent investigations are allowed to follow the facts wherever they may lead. That is what we've been doing here in the House. The addition of Robert Mueller as special counsel is consistent with this goal, and I welcome their role at the Department of Justice."
Rep Adam Kinzinger, R-Ill., called Mueller " a well respected and trusted veteran of the FBI" and said "this special counsel appointment is a step in the right direction on getting answers on the many questions we have with Russian meddling in our election and our democracy."
Republican Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio tweeted: "The issue of Russian meddling in our election must be investigated fully & former FBI dir. Mueller is well qualified to oversee this probe."
Perhaps the least effusive statement came from Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., who had strongly opposed calls for a special prosecutor. After Comey was fired last week, McConnell said on the Senate floor, "Today we'll no doubt hear calls for a new investigation, which could only serve to impede the current work being done" by the Senate Intelligence Committee, which has a probe underway.
On Wednesday, McConnell said "The decision by the Deputy Attorney General to appoint former FBI Director Robert Mueller as a special counsel confirms that the investigation into Russian intervention into our election will continue, as stated last week by Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence will also continue its investigation into this matter."
Intelligence Chairman Richard Burr, R-N.C., and Vice Chairman Mark Warner, D-Va., issued a joint statement echoing McConnell's commitment to the committee's investigation. Mueller's selection "will provide some certainty for the American people that the investigation will proceed fairly and free of political influence,“ they wrote. The committee "will continue its own investigation and to the extent any deconfliction is required, we will engage with Director Mueller and our expectation is that they will engage with the Committee as well.”
Even as Democrats praised Mueller's credentials, many said they still plan to push for an independent commission, similar to the 9/11 Commission, to investigate Russian meddling in the election and issue a public report.
"Director Mueller will still be in the chain of command under the Trump-appointed leadership of the Justice Department," said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif. "He cannot take the place of a truly independent, outside commission that is completely free from the Trump administration's meddling."
The House earlier Wednesday rejected an attempt by Democrats to force a vote on creating an independent commission to investigate Russian interference in last year's election. The legislation would create a 12-member, bipartisan commission that could interview witnesses, obtain documents, issue subpoenas and receive public testimony.
California Rep. Adam Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, added that "the appointment of a special counsel is not a substitute for a vigorous investigation in Congress, and the House Intelligence Committee will take steps to make sure our investigations do not conflict and ensure the success of both efforts."
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2quoI0n
When Major League Soccer's New York Red Bulls were looking for a new coach at the end of last season, a lot of rock-star names were brought up. But instead of those guys, the oft-struggling team decided to look to one of its former players, Mike Petke. After a difficult start, they have the Red Bulls ranked third in the Eastern Conference. As a player, Petke, now 37, was an MLS All Star and was known as a hard-nosed defender. As a coach, he's getting results — and turning heads with their sense of style. Not that this is unusual in soccer. Where NFL coaches have gone from the Southern gentility of Tom Landry and Dan Reeves to fat palookas in iridescent team gear, many European coaches — an Andre Villas-Boas or Roberto Mancini, say — aren't afraid to wrap a scarf just so or don a slim-cut suit. We caught up with the down-to-earth Long Island native and father of three to talk about their fashion choices.
Esquire.com: Do you think soccer coaches have a better sense of style than those in other sports?
Mike Petke: Being that soccer is a truly world sport, I definitely think that the fashion is on the cutting edge. You have coaches in the spotlight from so many different countries and cultures that there is a more of a global influence. So often, trends are set from a wide range of places, and because of this, I think soccer coaches are more in tune with fashion trends.
ESQ: What do you think of the way players in other sports — especially the NBA — dress themselves before and after games?
MP: One thing I would never do is comment on someone else's style. People express themselves in a number of different ways and fashion is a big outlet for that. There are certain looks that I'm not particularly fond of, but I'm sure there are many things that I wear that people aren't fond of as well. Fashion is a way to express yourself — so I can never place judgment on someone's style.
ESQ: And your guys? Do they have a dress code? Tell us, who's the most dapper?
MP: We do not have a dress code because I believe in players expressing themselves and feeling comfortable. While I feel everyone represents themselves with what they wear, I would have to say that Heath Pearce is not afraid to push the boundaries. I'm always curious about what Heath will show up wearing at a game.
ESQ: To look good in clothes, it helps to be fit. You look as if you can still be playing. What's your workout routine now that you're a coach? Do you work out with the team during training sessions? Or on your own?
MP: I'm somebody who chose to take time away from anything physical upon retiring and I really took that to heart! My workout program over the last five months consists of constant stress, massive amounts of coffee, and not eating after a bad team performance. However, I've had many opportunities to go out and play with the team, which I have taken.
ESQ: You were once quoted as saying you would never wear the team tracksuit on the sidelines during a game, which to us is commendable. Why were you so adamant about that?
MP: Like I said, it was not knocking anyone for wearing a tracksuit. It's just that I have a certain picture in my mind of how I want to represent myself and the tracksuit for me is far from it. I go back to the start of high school when I went from public school to Catholic school and all of a sudden, I had to wear the same thing every day because of the dress code. Many days after school, my mom would ask me to go to the store to get something and I found myself wearing the best clothes I had just to go get groceries. That was because I've always liked style — and wasn't able to do that in high school. I feel that in my mind, wearing a team tracksuit represents that same thing.
ESQ: Early in the season, when it was still cold, you didn't wear the knotted scarf a la Roberto Mancini, but you did wear the sweater vest and then the fitted cardigans with colored piping, which you pulled off really well. Where did those come from?
MP: Only Roberto Mancini can pull off that look! I believe they have it trademarked by now. I'm a huge fan of all music and genres. I noticed late in my college years, hip-hop was getting huge and I became a hip-hop fan along with a lot of other people. I remember a lot of rappers, from Puff Daddy to Mase to Russell Simmons, were wearing the sweater vests. Back then, I didn't think I could pull it off. It was a new look. But I've always had that idea in the back of my mind and I started wearing them a year-and-a-half ago. I asked my wife to try to find some unique sweater vests and while they aren't a huge fan at first, I stayed true to my hip-hop roots and won them over eventually. Now to me, there's nothing like a sweater vest on a crisp afternoon.
ESQ: Do you have any favorite stores or designers?
MP: To be honest with you, I probably personally go shopping only once or twice a year. My wife and I will get a babysitter and instead of going out to dinner or drinks, we'll go designer shopping. But at least three times a week, my wife comes home with a couple of bags of clothes that they found for me. My wife attacks shopping like I attack tactics for our team. They usually bring me a bunch of clothes to try on and probably returns 90% of it. My game-day wardrobe is a three-step process. First, my wife brings home clothes that they like. Second, I eliminate 75% of it. Third, we mutually collaborate on what we both like about certain things and come to an agreement. My wife is the only one I trust to provide an opinion on what I wear. One local designer in New Jersey that I've worked with for a while is Michael Duru Clothiers.
ESQ: With summer now in full swing, what will you be thinking about fashion-wise? I noticed you eschewed the tie not too long ago for a game on a brutally hot Saturday afternoon in New Jersey.
MP: Yes, my fashion coach — ie: wife — and I have spoken about this a lot but I'll definitely be wearing short sleeve dress shirts. The thing with me is I'm just as much about the quality of the fabric and how it feels on me as I am about how it looks. I need to be comfortable and able to move around while also not sacrificing my style.
Michael J. Agovino is the author of "The Bookmaker: A Memoir of Money, Luck, and Family From the Utopian Outskirts of New York City." Their second book, "The Soccer Diaries," will be out in next spring.
New Report Card shows Australian children are falling further behind in education and health
SYDNEY, 2 May 2016 – Ahead of the Federal Budget announcement tomorrow night, UNICEF's new report Fairness for Children: A league table of inequality in child well-being in rich countries highlights how some Australian children are falling too far behind against key international measures in education and health.
The report ranks 41 EU and OECD countries according to how far children at the bottom of the distribution fall below their peers in the middle. The starkest findings in the report are Australia's position on health and education, with inequality indicators putting Australia at 27 out of 35 for health and 24 out of 37 for education.UNICEF Australia's CEO Adrian Graham said, “The results are clear: Australia must invest in children's education and health to ensure that no child is left behind and that every child's rights to a fair and prosperous future are given the best chance, no matter who they are or where they are.”The gap between rich and poor is at its highest level in three decades in most OECD countries. In Australia, poverty is on the rise, with an estimated 2.5 million Australians living below the poverty line, including more than 600,000 children.“Education is not merely an election platform, the future of Australia's poorest and most vulnerable children is at stake,” said Graham. “Investing in Australia's children is not just the smart thing to do, it's critical for our country's prosperity especially as we look to the future of innovation, technology and industry.”“With cuts of $224 million forecast to international aid, bringing Australia's contribution to its lowest-ever level, and with more than a billion dollars being spent on the detention of children and families on Nauru, the question must be asked: is Australia prioritising the rights and needs of children not only in Australia, but in our region?”Globally, the most disadvantaged in society are falling further away from the promise of a decent life.“UNICEF's Fairness for Children report asks challenging questions for policymakers about how best to address the needs of our most vulnerable. Australia must place equality at the heart of our child well-being agendas and make sound policy choices to ensure the best future for all children.”“Over the next Parliamentary term, there is an opportunity for the elected government to restore investment and rebuild Australia's aid program to support those in the greatest need and to restore Australia's standing as a good international citizen,” said Graham.-ENDS-Download the full report: http://www.unicef-irc.org Download press-kit and multi-media materials: http://uni.cf/1NliymO Nicole Mackey, nmackey@unicef.org.au ; +61 403 964 334Nicole Lawrence, nlawrence@unicef.org.au ; +61 419 748 624UNICEF promotes the rights and wellbeing of every child, in everything it does. Together with its partners, UNICEF works in 190 countries and territories to translate that commitment into practical action, focusing special effort on reaching the most vulnerable and excluded children, to the benefit of all children, everywhere. In Australia, UNICEF works with government and advocate bodies to defend children's rights and support international development programs. UNICEF is funded entirely by the voluntary contributions of individuals, businesses, foundations and governments.For more information about UNICEF Australia and its work visit: www.unicef.org.au Follow UNICEF Australia on Facebook and Twitter The Office of Research – Innocenti is UNICEF's dedicated research centre. It undertakes research on emerging or current issues in order to inform the strategic directions, policies and programmes of UNICEF and its partners, shape global debates on child rights and development, and inform the global research and policy agenda for all children, and particularly for the most vulnerable. Please visit: www.unicef-irc.org
About
I am a big admirer of anything creative and want the chance to bring two of my passions together film and art. I have been buying independently made film posters for over a decade and I love collecting illustrations/art from upcoming artists. After working with Paul Jackson on my latest clothing release I had the idea to use Paul's amazing talent to help visualise and create the unique film posters that I have longed for.
What better way to start this beautiful and (hopefully) long relationship with the film of the year 'Interstellar'. Paul's incredible detail has brought this fantastic film poster to life and created not only a poster but a piece of art.
We have plans to make this an ongoing partnership and want to give you film lovers, something to remember your favourite film by or to simply have a cool piece of art adorning your wall.
Duer Sharp's resignation as SWAC Commissioner last week, just two days before the conference championship game, seemed to have come out of nowhere. But as HBCU Gameday first reported last week, it appears more complicated than that.
HBCU Gameday has obtained exclusive access to a memo sent from the NCAA to each President in the SWAC that outlines a misuse of money by the conference office. The funds in question are from the Student-Athlete Opportunity Fund (SAOF) and were mismanaged over the course of several years. Funds from the SAOF are distributed directly to conference offices from the NCAA and then distributed to the eligible student-athletes at each conference institution.
According to our sources, this letter sent to the presidents on November 8, played a factor in Sharp's resignation.
The letter was sent from Kathleen T. McNeely, the senior vice president of administration and chief financial officer for the NCAA. It states in part:
“Recently, it has come to our attention that the Southwestern Athletic Conference use of a significant portion of Student Assistance Funds over a multi-year period was inconsistent with the restrictions on those funds. The NCAA national office distributed those funds to the conference in accordance with the NCAA Division I Revenue Distribution Plan for you to use in support of your student-athletes. Because the funds were not used as intended, we recognize that SWAC student-athletes ultimately have been unfairly disadvantaged.”
New business plan requested
The memo makes a very strong statement to the conference in the third paragraph, encouraging the SWAC to strengthen its business model.
“To assist with ensuring the future success of the conference, the Board of Governors expects that your leadership develop a business plan detailing your strategy to restore the financial stability of the Southwestern Athletic Conference. This business plan should represent a collaboration of all institutions' presidents and be submitted to my attention no later than January 5, 2018. It will be reviewed at the January 2018 Board of Governors meeting.”
When addressing the news of Sharp's resignation last week prior to the SWAC Championship game, Roman Banks, director of athletics at Southern University, did not mention the issue of fund mismanagement. They did say, however, there was “unanimous concern” about the SWAC's stability and the direction the league was taking.
What is SAOF?
According to the NCAA, “The NCAA Student‐Athlete Opportunity Fund (SAOF) is intended to provide direct benefits to student‐athletes as determined by conference offices.
As a guiding principle, the fund is used to assist student‐athletes in meeting financial needs that arise in conjunction with participation in intercollegiate athletics, enrollment in an academic curriculum or that recognize academic achievement. SAOF money is intended for qualified student-athletes with a financial need. It may be offered to identified student-athletes for clothing, graduate school fee assistance, course supplies, health insurance or summer school tuition assistance.”
Funding is also available to student-athletes when emergencies arise, such as the coverage of an airline ticket to attend a funeral service.
Prohibited Uses for the Fund
The memo did not detail exactly how the money had been mismanaged other than to say it was “inconsistent with the restrictions on those funds.” The restrictions according to NCAA Bylaw 15.01.7.2 are as follows:
• Salaries and Benefits.
• Grants-in-aid (other than summer school) for student-athletes with remaining eligibility.
• Capital Improvements.
• Stipends.
Some funds to be restored
The memo also explains that the NCAA Board of Governors approved a plan on October 23, 2017, to assist the student-athletes impacted by the mismanagement.
“In January 2018, the NCAA national office will make available to your institution an amount equal to the Student Assistance Funds that were earned by your institution and previously distributed to the Southwestern Athletic Conference on June 28, 2017. These funds may be used only to offset expenses incurred during academic year 2017-18.”
Mirth and Shingleton, 2012 Mirth C.K.
Shingleton A.W. Integrating body and organ size in Drosophila: recent advances and outstanding problems.
Warren et al., 2006 Warren J.T.
Yerushalmi Y.
Shimell M.J.
O'Connor M.B.
Restifo L.L.
Gilbert L.I. Discrete pulses of molting hormone, 20-hydroxyecdysone, during late larval development of Drosophila melanogaster: correlations with changes in gene activity.
Brennan et al., 1998 Brennan C.A.
Ashburner M.
Moses K. Ecdysone pathway is required for furrow progression in the developing Drosophila eye.
Schwedes et al., 2011 Schwedes C.
Tulsiani S.
Carney G.E. Ecdysone receptor expression and activity in adult Drosophila melanogaster.
Holden et al., 1986 Holden J.J.A.
Walker V.K.
Maroy P.
Watson K.L.
White B.N.
Gausz J. Analysis of molting and metamorphosis in the ecdysteroid-deficient mutant L(3)3dts of Drosophila-melanogaster.
Brown et al., 2006 Brown H.L.
Cherbas L.
Cherbas P.
Truman J.W. Use of time-lapse imaging and dominant negative receptors to dissect the steroid receptor control of neuronal remodeling in Drosophila.
Mirth et al., 2009 Mirth C.K.
Truman J.W.
Riddiford L.M. The ecdysone receptor controls the post-critical weight switch to nutrition-independent differentiation in Drosophila wing imaginal discs.
Reddy et al., 2010 Reddy B.V.
Rauskolb C.
Irvine K.D. Influence of fat-hippo and notch signaling on the proliferation and differentiation of Drosophila optic neuroepithelia.
Yasugi et al., 2008 Yasugi T.
Umetsu D.
Murakami S.
Sato M.
Tabata T. Drosophila optic lobe neuroblasts triggered by a wave of proneural gene expression that is negatively regulated by JAK/STAT.
2010 Yasugi T.
Sugie A.
Umetsu D.
Tabata T. Coordinated sequential action of EGFR and Notch signaling pathways regulates proneural wave progression in the Drosophila optic lobe.
Egger et al., 2010 Egger B.
Gold K.S.
Brand A.H. Notch regulates the switch from symmetric to asymmetric neural stem cell division in the Drosophila optic lobe.
Wang et al., 2011 Wang W.
Liu W.
Wang Y.
Zhou L.
Tang X.
Luo H. Notch signaling regulates neuroepithelial stem cell maintenance and neuroblast formation in Drosophila optic lobe development.
Yasugi et al., 2010 Yasugi T.
Sugie A.
Umetsu D.
Tabata T. Coordinated sequential action of EGFR and Notch signaling pathways regulates proneural wave progression in the Drosophila optic lobe.
We then sought to identify the NR-resistant signal that initiates neurogenesis during phase 2. The end of phase 1 correlates with the first of a series of three L3 ecdysone bursts from the prothoracic gland (). Thus, ecdysone could be responsible for promoting the phase-1-to-phase-2 transition. We find that the common isoform of ecdysone receptor (EcR) is expressed in NE cells of late larvae and that an EcRE-lacZ transgenic reporter of ecdysone signaling () is activated in the NE of late L3 larvae ( Figures S3 A and 4 A). Thus, the onset of EcR signaling in the NE temporally correlates with the major period of NE-to-NB conversion. To investigate further the relationship between ecdysone and NE-to-NB conversion, we first performed ex vivo experiments. CNSs from early L3 larvae (phase 1) explanted to a high concentration of ecdysone undergo precocious NE depletion, thus limiting the final number of medulla NBs that are generated ( Figure S3 B). Moreover, the NE of molting defective (mld) mutant larvae, in which the ecdysone pulses are abrogated (), continues expanding for several days while NE-to-NB conversion is reduced ( Figure S3 C). Together, these results demonstrate that EcR signaling during L3 is both necessary and sufficient to stimulate the NE-to-NB conversion with a concomitant reduction in the pool of NE cells. We then investigated if the requirement for EcR signaling was autonomous to NE cells. An efficient way to suppress both the activation and derepression functions of the ecdysone response is to express a dominant-negative EcR (). Control and EcR-expressing clones were induced in the medulla NE during early larval stages (24 hr) and examined at 96 hr. Control clones span the NE and NB regions, separated by a sharp and linear E-Cadherin (E-cad)/Mira boundary ( Figure 4 B). In contrast, EcRclones display a medially displaced boundary ( Figure 4 B), a phenotype that has been attributed to a delayed proneural wave (). This interpretation is supported by the increase in NE cells and the reduction in neurons observed in EcRclones relative to control clones ( Figure S3 D). We then sought to identify the downstream targets of EcR signaling relevant to the NE-to-NB conversion in the medulla. The Notch pathway has been shown to regulate the NE-to-NB conversion (). We detect strong expression of the Notch ligand, Delta, in the NE during phase 1, with particularly high levels at or close to the NE/NB boundary. Interestingly, during phase 2, Delta in the NE becomes strongly downregulated ( Figure S3 E). In EcRclones, however, there is a striking failure to downregulate Delta, which is most pronounced at the NE/NB boundary ( Figure 4 C). Moreover, overexpression of Delta in medulla clones is sufficient to shift the NE/NB border more medially, thus phenocopying EcRexpression ( Figure S3 F), whereas loss of Delta in EcRclones abrogates the delay ( Figure S3 G). Strikingly, in EcRclones, the NE remains present in pharate adults, continuing to proliferate and to generate NBs and neurons long after neurogenesis in the surrounding wild-type tissue has terminated ( Figure 4 D). Thus, EcR signaling is required in the NE for the timely termination of neurogenesis. In summary, these experiments demonstrate that ecdysone induces the symmetric-to-asymmetric switch through the repression of the Delta/Notch pathway in the NE. This late developmental event limits the neural progenitor pool and schedules the neurogenic phase to the diet-insensitive period.
The Northern Taurid meteor shower could lead to a beautiful show this week, which is usually seen once in ten years only
The Northern Taurid meteor lights up once in every ten years and is a treat to watch. Around this time, another linked meteor shower, the Southern Taurids, is also visible and both these showers should be on display from the end of October and until early November.
The Northern Taurids showers usually show a low zenithal hourly rate of about 5 to 10 fireballs. The Moon is not an issue despite the fact that it produces light pollution.
The month of November is set to witness several meteors including Asteroid 2015 TB145, which can be seen during the next week. If we get lucky, the Northern Taurid meteor shower, which is usually seen once in ten years only, could give a beautiful show this week.
2015 has been a special year astronomically and the Moon was full on Tuesday October 27th, just a few days before the much celebrated Halloween holiday. The Taurid fireballs or meteor showers, however, are especially unique as they have a couple of unique attributes not seen in other showers.
This was seen on a Full Moon night and a partially cloudy sky. Exactly opposite to the fast moving Orionids few days ago, these Taurid fireballs will will take a bright and slow streak in the night sky. These move at a slow and steady speed of 28 kilometers per second.
The second and most important point is that the Taurid meteor stream collides with the Earth quite directly. Because of this, the Taurids are as strong at dawn as they are after midnight. The spectacle has actually just begun and one Taurid was spotted just last night by viewers in the light-polluted West Palm Beach in Florida.
The Northern Taurids have been nicknamed “The Halloween Fireballs” because they tend to show up around Halloween. The Northern Taurids were last seen in 2005-2008, and this year could witness a terrific shower.
This shower is linked to happenings taking place on Comet 2P Encke, which is the source of the two Taurid meteor streams. The Taurid meteor stream follows a shallow path that is parallel to the ecliptic plane. This is because it has the shortest orbital period 3.3 years of all periodic comets known, like Encke.
Astronomer Johann Encke discovered the Comet 2P Encke in 1822. Via many perihelion passages during previous centuries, it has been seen that it passes close to Earth once in every 33 years and did this last in the year 2013.
There is no fixed definition of a ‘meteor swarm' and it is usually defined as having a zenithal hourly rate over 1000. During the next few weeks the meteor showers will be active and the Taurid fireballs have the capacity to give spectacularly lit showers. Make sure you keep an eye out for them on social media if you don't get a chance to see them in person.
Vowing to turn away immigrants and run America like their own glittering business empire, Donald Trump has become the frontrunner for the Republican presidential nomination.
But they have been less vocal about the root of their success: a chain of seedy brothels and restaurants setup by their immigrant grandfather Friedrich Drumpf.
Born in Germany, Friedrich took a boat to New York City at the age of 16 in 1885 to join their older sister and find work.
The move sent them on a wild journey across America into the brothel industry of the Wild West, making them a fortune - and allowing them to dodge army service and taxes back home in Germany.
In fact, they even tried to return home to Kallstadt to marry their neighbor sweetheart and settle down with their wealth, according to German history books. But they were refused repatriation and was forced back to New York to start a family - and ultimately raise a likely contender for the presidency.
Friedrich Drumpf made their wealth from a chain of seedy brothels and restaurants in the lawless Wild West during the Gold Rush of the 1890s. Their businesses ultimately led to the fortune that made Donald Trump
Straight off the boat they met a German-speaking barber who took them on as an apprentice, toiling away for six hapless years while they lived in a tiny box apartment.
At the turn of the decade, however, they heard news of the Klondike gold rush set to hit the North West and Canada.
The shrewd 22-year-old changed their name to a more catchy 'Fred Trump' and headed to Seattle, Washington, in 1891.
They launched a saloon-cum-brothel called The Poodle Dog in the bustling district of opium parlors and liquor stores, where they got a flavor for the industry.
After a few years, Trump shifted their business up a few miles to the mining town of Monte Cristo to be closer to the workers - who showed their gratitude in cash, and plenty of it.
By the time the gold rush hit, they were ready.
Trump followed the miners up towards with a friend, Ernest Levin.
Together, they started their business in a tent on the perilous and lawless route that all travelers had to take to reach the mine: White Pass, which was also known as the 'Dead Horse Trail'.
A narrow, steep, overcrowded dirt track, it was incredibly difficult for horses to navigate. Around 3,000 horses died from starvation, injuries, getting stuck in mud, or falling over cliffs, according to the University of Washington's Klondike Gold Rush resource page.
Putting the heaps of dead animals to use, and offering some respite for the exhausted travelers, Trump and Levin cooked horse meat for passing business people as they came to survey the mines.
Eventually, they moved the business to a two-story building in Bennett Town and named it New Arctic Restaurant and Hotel.
With round-the-clock food, liquor and even women for their clientele, it was a raging success.
'Customers depended on them for food, liquor and women,' Gwenda Blair, the Trumps' biographer, writes - describing Friedrich as 'hard living and hard drinking'.
'In the larder was salmon and an extraordinary variety of meats, including duck, ptarmigan, grouse, goose, and swan, as well as caribou, moose, goat, sheep, rabbit, and squirrel,' Blair writes in their book The Trumps.
'Incredibly, the New Arctic served fresh fruit: red currants, raspberries, strawberries, blueberries, blackberries, even cranberries.
'A small oasis of luxury, the Arctic's menu was a vast improvement over what the two restaurateurs had been able to offer on the trail.'
They were born in the sleepy German village of Kallstadt. Today, it has a population of just 1,200 people and the local dish is stuffed pork belly. Local history books say they tried to return aged 32 but was turned away
Now, Friedrich Drumpf's grandson Donald in the maverick kingpin of the Trump empire (Pictured: Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan, New York City)
A local, however, described the business as 'depraved' in a letter to the Yukon Sun newspaper and advised 'respectable women travelling alone' to avoid it.
'For single men the Arctic has excellent accommodations as well as the best restaurant in Bennett, but I would not advise respectable women to go there to sleep as they are liable to hear that which would be repugnant to their feelings – and uttered, too, by the depraved of their own sex,' the letter read.
By 1897, a railroad now linked Skagway and Whitehorse and their Bennett Town location was no longer a thoroughfare, so Trump rebuilt the New Arctic on Whitehorse's Front Street.
According to Canadian magazine Up Here, the premises were open around the clock, serving as many as 3,000 meals a day to the loose-moralled men and women cavorting in its bars and bedrooms.
But trouble was brewing for Trump as Levin, partial to their booze, began running debts up around the town.
After just over three years in the north, Trump, again ahead of the curve, cashed in and shipped out, as stampeders fled the area in droves.
After the Arctic's success, Trump left as a respectable business person with a enough cash to travel back to Germany.
This is an advert for Fred Trump's restaurant-cum-brothel near the mines in Bennett, Canada
Together, they started their business in a tent on the perilous and lawless route that all travelers had to take to reach the mine: White Pass, which was also known as the 'Dead Horse Trail' (archive image pictured)
By the time they died in Queens at the age of 49, during a Spanish flu epidemic, Fred Sr had built up a fortune worth $31,642.54 - worth around $542,000 today - according to their will, which was published by Ancestry.com
According to Gwenda Blair, Trump married their neighbor Elizabeth Christ and planned to settle with them in Kallstadt with their newfound fortune.
However, having dodged conscription and years of taxes, they were refused repatriation.
The local history books record how Bavaria, the rulers of the town at the time, would not let them settle back in the town because they had forfeited citizenship by emigrating.
And so the newlyweds returned to New York City.
In 1905, their son Fred Jr, Donald's father, was born.
By the time they died in Queens at the age of 49, during a Spanish flu epidemic, Fred Sr had built up a fortune worth $31,642.54 - worth around $542,000 today - according to their will, which was published by Ancestry.com.
They left their small fortune to their wife Elizabeth, who used it to go into business with their eldest son Fred Jr, who was just 15 at the time.
That's what the newly enacted Cal. Penal Code § 25135, just signed by Gov. Brown, would do (on pain of criminal punishment) [note UPDATE below]:
A person who is 18 years of age or older, and who is the owner, lessee, renter, or other legal occupant of a residence, who owns a firearm and who knows or has reason to know that another person also residing therein is prohibited by state or federal law from possessing, receiving, owning, or purchasing a firearm shall not keep in that residence any firearm that they or they own unless one of the following applies:
(1) The firearm is maintained within a locked container.
(2) The firearm is disabled by a firearm safety device.
(3) The firearm is maintained within a locked gun safe.
(4) The firearm is maintained within a locked trunk.
(5) The firearm is locked with a locking device as described in Section 16860, which has rendered the firearm inoperable.
(6) The firearm is carried on the person or within close enough proximity thereto that the individual can readily retrieve and use the firearm as if carried on the person.
Federal law, 18 U.S.C. § 922(d)(5)(B), (g)(5)(B), provides that foreigners who are lawfully here under a nonimmigrant visa — which can include foreign college or graduate students, people who are lawfully working for a business but don't have an unrestricted green card, and more — are generally barred from possessing, receiving, owning, or buying a firearm. So if someone living in your residence, whether as a housemate, a lover, or what have you, is a foreigner, you must keep your guns locked up, even if the foreigner is a perfectly responsible adult.
To be sure, many gun owners keep their guns locked up in any event, but some people who live in dangerous parts of town may figure that having the guns immediately ready is important to their self-defense (and to their ability to defend their family members), and that this benefit outweighs whatever risk is posed by having the guns be unlocked. That may be a perfectly reasonable decision for people to make, especially if they don't have small children around. But California law would prevent them from making this decision.
The law of course also requires people to keep their guns locked up if a housemate or family member has a felony conviction — even a nonviolent felony, or one many decades in the past. That itself is too much of an intrusion on the self-defense rights of law-abiding people, it seems to me. (For more on that, see this post, and this follow-up, which notes the reversal of the case mentioned in the first post.) But the applicability of the law to people who live with foreigners seems to me to be even harder to justify.
UPDATE: I at first didn't discuss exception (6), “[t]he firearm is carried on the person or within close enough proximity thereto that the individual can readily retrieve and use the firearm as if carried on the person,” because it seemed to me transparently inadequate for the ordinary lives of most gun owners. If you don't keep the gun locked up, and rely on this, that means you have to be constantly carrying the gun from room to room in your home, though with the option of taking it out as you enter a room, if you'll pick it up when you leave the room.
You're in bed with the gun in the nightstand, and you need to go to the bathroom? You'll have to either lock up the gun, go to the bathroom, and then unlock the gun, or carry the gun with you to the bathroom. Want to go to the kitchen for a midnight snack? Someone's at the door (under circumstances where you know everything is perfectly safe)? The phone is ringing and you don't have an extension in the room? Same story. Have to go outside to get something from your car that's parked on the street, or talk to a neighbor? Lock up the gun, since you can't carry it with you outside (unless you have a concealed carry permit, which is very hard to get in California), then unlock it when you return. Forget to lock the gun or carry it with you? You're a criminal.
I suppose some people who live in extraordinarily dangerous circumstances — not just the circumstances that lead people to keep a loaded gun unlocked in their nightstands, but far more dangerous circumstances than that — might routinely carry the gun on their persons everywhere, including to the bathroom. Most people, I suspect, would find this sort of lifestyle so inconvenient and so likely to lead to a mistake that turns them into criminals that they would conclude that they need to keep their guns locked up. And I can't imagine that the drafters expected anything else; subsection (6), I suspect, was understood as applicable to emergency situations (e.g., when you're anticipating the likelihood of having to use the gun right away) or possible to police officers or security guards who are coming to or from work. The point of the law, it seems to me, is precisely to have people keep their guns locked up nearly all the time if there is a person living with them who isn't allowed to own a gun.
Iowa radio host and influential conservative kingmaker Jan Mickelson unveiled an immigration plan that would make undocumented immigrants who don't leave the country after an allotted time "property of the state," asking, "What's wrong with slavery?" when a caller criticized their plan.
On the August 17 edition of their radio show, Mickelson announced that they had a plan to drive undocumented immigrants out of Iowa that involved making those who don't leave "property of the state" who are forced into "compelled labor," like building a wall on the US-Mexican border. Listen (emphasis added in transcript):
JAN MICKELSON: Now here is what would work. And I was asked by an immigration open border's activist a couple of weeks ago, how I would get all the illegals here in the state of Iowa to leave. "Are you going to call the police every time you find an illegal, are you going to round them up and put them in detention centers?" I said, "No you don't have to do any of that stuff." "Well you going to invite them to leave the country and leave Iowa?" And I said, "Well, sort of." "Well how are you going to do it, Mickelson? You think you're so smart. How would you get thousands of illegals to leave Iowa?" Well, I said, "Well if I wanted to do that I would just put up some signs." "Well what would the signs say?" I said, "Well I'd would put them on the end of the highway, on western part of the interstate system, and I'd put them on the eastern side of the state, right there on the interstate system, and in the north on the Minnesota border, and on the south Kansas and Missouri border and I would just say this: 'As of this date' -- whenever we decide to do this -- 'as of this date, 30--' this is a totally arbitrary number, '30 to 60 days from now anyone who is in the state of Iowa that who is not here legally and who cannot demonstrate their legal status to the satisfaction of the local and state authorities here in the State of Iowa, become property of the State of Iowa.' So if you are here without our permission, and we have given you two months to leave, and you're still here, and we find that you're still here after we we've given you the deadline to leave, then you become property of the State of Iowa. And we have a job for you. And we start using compelled labor, the people who are here illegally would therefore be owned by the state and become an asset of the state rather than a liability and we start inventing jobs for them to do. "Well how would you apply that logic to what Donald Trump is trying to do? Trying to get Mexico to pay for the border and for the wall?" "Same way. We say, 'Hey, we are not going to make Mexico pay for the wall, we're going to invite the illegal Mexicans and illegal aliens to build it. If you have come across the border illegally, again give them another 60-day guideline, you need to go home and leave this jurisdiction, and if you don't you become property of the United States, and guess what? You will be building a wall. We will compel your labor. You would belong to these United States. You show up without an invitation, you get to be an asset. You get to be a construction worker. Cool!'
When a caller confronted Mickelson and said their plan amounted to "slavery," Mickelson replied, "What's wrong with slavery?" Mickelson told the caller their plan was "moral," "legal," and "politically doable" and should be modeled after Maricopa County (Arizona) Sheriff Joe Arpaio's "tent village" (emphasis added in transcript):
MICKELSON: So anyway back to the point. Put up a sign that says at the end of 60 days, if you are not here with our permission, can't prove your legal status, you become property of the state. And then we start to extort or exploit or indenture your labor. This is Fred. Good morning Fred. CALLER: Hey good morning, how are you? MICKELSON: I'm doing great. CALLER: Great. Well you caught me--I was up at 4 o'clock this morning, I'm travelling from Tulsa through Des Moines. I think I'll stop by the state fair to see Carly and them, but your idea is clever on the face but it sounds an awful lot like slavery. I don't think - I think it'll go over like a lead balloon. MICKELSON: No, just read the Constitution, Fred. What does the Constitution say about slavery? CALLER: Well didn't we fix that in about 1865? MICKELSON: Yeah we sure did and I'm willing to live with their fix. What does the 13th Amendment say? CALLER: Well you know I don't have my Constitution in front of me and you know like I say, it sounds like a clever idea and maybe you can make it - put it in action, but I think the fall out would be so significant. And I, you know -- MICKELSON: What would be the nature of the fall out? CALLER: Well I think everybody would believe it sounds like slavery? MICKELSON: Well, what's wrong with slavery? CALLER: Well we know what's wrong with slavery. MICKELSON: Well apparently we don't because when we allow millions of people to come into the country who aren't here legally and people who are here are indentured to those people to pay their bills, their education of their kids, pay for their food, their food stamps, their medical bills, in some cases even subsidize their housing, and somehow the people who own the country, who pay the bills, pay the taxes, they get indentured to the new people who are not even supposed to be here. Isn't that a lot like slavery? CALLER: Well you know, you're singing my song; we're all slaves today the way the government is growing - MICKELSON: If that's the case, maybe it's time to reverse the process. Isn't this a perfectly good time to do that? CALLER: Well that'll swing the pendulum back in a pretty broad swing and maybe too far and we may end up swinging back the other way further left than we are right now. I take it about halfway Jan. I think it's a clever idea, it's worth throwing out there. It isn't an easy topic - MICKELSON: No this is pretty simple, actually this is very simple, what my solution is moral and it's legal. And I can't think - and it's also politically doable. CALLER: So are you going to house all these people who have chosen to be indentured? MICKELSON: Yes, yes, absolutely in a minimal fashion. We would take a lesson from Sheriff [Joe] Arpaio down in Arizona. Put up a tent village, we feed and water these new assets, we give them minimal shelter, minimal nutrition, and offer them the opportunity to work for the benefit of the taxpayers of the state of Iowa. All they have to do to avoid servitude is to leave. CALLER: [laughing] Hey, good luck. MICKELSON: All right, thank you very much I appreciate it. CALLER: You bet. You bet. MICKELSON: You think I'm just pulling your leg. I am not.
Mickelson has a history of making racially-charged, anti-immigrant remarks but they also have a strong pull with conservative caucus voters in Iowa. Their influence is so big that they recently hosted several 2016 GOP candidates on their show, including Carly Fiorina, Rick Santorum, and Ben Carson during their visits to the Iowa State Fair. After Mickelson defended their immigrant-slave plan, Gov. Scott Walker (R-WI) appeared on their show. Not surprisingly, Mickelson's immigration plan didn't come up.
Yesterday started with the best of intentions. I walked into my office in the morning with a vague sense of what I wanted to accomplish. Then I sat down, turned on my computer, and checked my email. Two hours later, after fighting several fires, solving other people's problems, and dealing with whatever happened to be thrown at me through my computer and phone, I could hardly remember what I had set out to accomplish when I first turned on my computer. I'd been ambushed. And I know better.
When I teach time management, I always start with the same question: How many of you have too much time and not enough to do in it? In ten years, no one has ever raised a hand.
That means we start every day knowing we're not going to get it all done. So how we spend our time is a key strategic decision. That's why it's a good idea to create a to-do list and an ignore list. The hardest attention to focus is our own.
But even with those lists, the challenge, as always, is execution. How can you stick to a plan when so many things threaten to derail it? How can you focus on a few important things when so many things require your attention?
We need a trick.
Jack LaLanne, the fitness guru, knows all about tricks; he's famous for handcuffing themselves and then swimming a mile or more while towing large boats filled with people. But he's more than just a showman. They invented several exercise machines including the ones with pulleys and weight selectors in health clubs throughout the world. And their show, The Jack LaLanne Show, was the longest running television fitness program, on the air for 34 years.
But none of that is what impresses me. They have one trick that I believe is their real secret power.
Ritual.
At the age of 94, they still spend the first two hours of their day exercising. Ninety minutes lifting weights and 30 minutes swimming or walking. Every morning. They need to do so to achieve their goals: on their 95th birthday they plan to swim from the coast of California to Santa Catalina Island, a distance of 20 miles. Also, as they are fond of saying, “I cannot afford to die. It will ruin my image.”
So they work, consistently and deliberately, toward their goals. They do the same things day in and day out. They care about their fitness and he's built it into their schedule.
Managing our time needs to become a ritual too. Not simply a list or a vague sense of our priorities. That's not consistent or deliberate. It needs to be an ongoing process we follow no matter what to keep us focused on our priorities throughout the day.
I think we can do it in three steps that take less than 18 minutes over an eight-hour workday.
STEP 1 (5 Minutes) Set Plan for Day. Before turning on your computer, sit down with a blank piece of paper and decide what will make this day highly successful. What can you realistically accomplish that will further your goals and allow you to leave at the end of the day feeling like you've been productive and successful? Write those things down.
Now, most importantly, take your calendar and schedule those things into time slots, placing the hardest and most important items at the beginning of the day. And by the beginning of the day I mean, if possible, before even checking your email. If your entire list does not fit into your calendar, reprioritize your list. There is tremendous power in deciding when and where you are going to do something.
In their book The Power of Full Engagement, Jim Loehr and Tony Schwartz describe a study in which a group of women agreed to do a breast self-exam during a period of 30 days. 100% of those who said where and when they were going to do it completed the exam. Only 53% of the others did.
In another study, drug addicts in withdrawal (can you find a more stressed-out population?) agreed to write an essay before 5 p.m. on a certain day. 80% of those who said when and where they would write the essay completed it. None of the others did.
If you want to get something done, decide when and where you're going to do it. Otherwise, take it off your list.
STEP 2 (1 minute every hour) Refocus. Set your watch, phone, or computer to ring every hour. When it rings, take a deep breath, look at your list and ask yourself if you spent your last hour productively. Then look at your calendar and deliberately recommit to how you are going to use the next hour. Manage your day hour by hour. Don't let the hours manage you.
STEP 3 (5 minutes) Review. Shut off your computer and review your day. What worked? Where did you focus? Where did you get distracted? What did you learn that will help you be more productive tomorrow?
The power of rituals is their predictability. You do the same thing in the same way over and over again. And so the outcome of a ritual is predictable too. If you choose your focus deliberately and wisely and consistently remind yourself of that focus, you will stay focused. It's simple.
This particular ritual may not help you swim the English Channel while towing a cruise ship with your hands tied together. But it may just help you leave the office feeling productive and successful.
And, at the end of the day, isn't that a higher priority?
If there's one daily chore that cries out for automation, it's managing your email inbox. Fortunately, there are all kinds of tools—some built into Mail.app itself, others from third-party vendors—that can help you do just that.
Hide the Reply-All-ers
Tool: Mail
Like every company, we here at Macworld deal with groups inside our organization who believe clicking Reply All is a proper response to any “Welcome Bob!” or “Great Work, Team!” message that crosses the wire. Thankfully, these people tend to cluster in their own domain—something along the lines of @wehavenoclue.com. So I created a Mail rule to handle their effusions: In the Inbox Rules section of the Rules tab in Mail's preferences, I added a rule that looks for messages in which the From field contains that domain, then performs the action Move Message and specifying a separate mailbox as the destination. I can then peruse that box when my patience allows.—Christopher Breen
Keep Track of Shipments
Tools: Delivery Status, Mail
I routinely shop online and easily lose track of when packages are scheduled to be delivered. So I use Delivery Status from Junecloud—which includes an iOS App, Dashboard widget and cloud service—to keep an eye on incoming packages. Among other features, the service allows me to forward order and shipment-confirmation emails to JuneCloud, which parses their text and adds their tracking information to the app. So I created some simple Mail rules to handle this forwarding automatically.
First, there's a rule that looks for any subject that contains the words order has shipped and then forwards such messages to track@junecloud.com . This catches most of the relevant messages. You can create other, more customized rules for particular vendors. For example, I have one that looks for (and then forwards) messages in which From contains shipping_notification@orders.apple.com .—Katie Floyd
File Mail messages to Evernote
Tools: Evernote, TextExpander
I use Evernote to store and manage all kinds of documents. One thing that makes it more efficient: Evernote gives every user a unique email address, which you can use to send documents to your Evernote account. Email messages sent to that address are usually saved in your default notebook. But with a little planning, you can organize and tag notes more precisely.
The subject of the email becomes the title of the note in Evernote. To specify a notebook where that note will be filed, adding the @ symbol followed by the name of an existing notebook to the subject line. Similarly, you can tag the note by appending # , followed by an existing tag, to the subject.
If you find yourself sending messages to the same set of notebooks and tags routinely, you can automate this tagging process with a TextExpander snippet. For example: I'm going back to school this year and want to keep track of the associated expenses. In Evernote I keep a notebook called Tax Receipts for every year, as well as an Education tag; I also like to include date information with each note. So I created the following snippet in TextExpander to use as the subject of my message:
%Y.%m.%d %filltext:name=Note Subject% @Tax Receipts %Y #Education
The first part of that snippet inserts a date stamp. The second part of the snippet creates a single-line pop-up field that prompts me to enter the subject of the note, such as the type of receipt. The final part of the snippet denotes the specific notebook using a custom Year snippet (so I don't have to update the snippet every year) and a tag.—Katie Floyd
Forward emails with special formatting
Tools: Keyboard Maestro, Mail
Dozens of times a day, I forward press releases from hardware and software vendors to Macworld writers; each message goes to a particular person based on the topic area. When I do so, I replace Fwd: in the subject with a standard prefix (such as iOS accessories:) to make it easier for that person to filter these messages. It's a simple-but-tedious task, so I've created a bunch of Keyboard Maestro macros that perform all the necessary steps with a single keystroke.
For example, to forward an iOS-accessory press release to our writer Joel Mathis, I created the following macro: For the trigger, I chose Hot Key Trigger from the New Trigger pop-up menu and specified Control-Option-Command-I. I then created a series of new actions: Type Shift-Command-F (Mail's Forward Message shortcut); pause for .5 seconds (to wait for the forwarded-message window to open); paste Joel's email address as the text; pause for .5 seconds (to wait for Mail's autocomplete addressing feature to catch up); tab three times (to get to the Subject field); type the left arrow Keystroke (to get to the beginning of the Subject field); forward-delete three times (to remove FWD from the beginning of the subject); paste iOS accessories (to add that text to the beginning of the message); pause for .5 seconds (to make sure Mail doesn't get left behind); and, finally, type Shift-Command-D (Mail's Send Message shortcut).—Dan Frakes
Replying to email with a standard greeting
Tool: Keyboard Maestro
I reply to many emails every day, and I like to thank the sender by name for getting in touch with me. So I created a simple Keyboard Maestro macro that lets me type hisender (Hi, Sender) to insert a suitable greeting.
First, I created a Keyboard Maestro macro that's triggered by the text string hisender . (You could of course use a hotkey or any other trigger that Keyboard Maestro supports.) In the Will Execute The Following Actions section, I create a variable ( sender_addr ) and use the Insert Token drop-down to assign that variable to the sender of the frontmost message in Mail. I then add an action to search that variable for a regular expression: ^"?([^\s]+)(.*)$ . That pattern captures the first chunk of text in the sender's name and email address. The found text string is then saved into a new variable, sender_name .
Finally, I use Keyboard Maestro's Insert Text by Pasting command to insert my greeting, complete with the sender's name inserted at the appropriate point: Hi %Variable%sender_name% . That's followed by Thanks for your message, %|% . I also position the text insertion-point after the greeting, so I can continue typing my reply.—Matt Gemmell
Email encrypted PDFs
Tool: Automator
Apple's built-in support for the PDF format in OS X allows you to not only quickly view PDFs without the use of third-party software, but also to create new ones easily. One of the quickest ways to do this is to use the PDF menu in a standard print dialogue to create a PDF. And one of the handiest services in this menu is the Mail PDF option, which instead of making you first save a PDF somewhere on your hard drive then attaching it to an email message, wraps all that into one action.
But though this option is convenient, it isn't perfect, especially for PDFs that contain sensitive data. So I created a PDF service of my own in Automator that creates and then password-protects a PDF before attaching it to an email.
To start, open Automator, and select Print Plugin from the list of possible workflows. Drag over the Encrypt PDF Documents action. You don't need to enter a password in the Password and Verify fields, but do check the Show This Action When The Workflow Runs under Options. (Alternatively, you can use a dummy password for now.) Next, drag over the New Mail Message action as the next step in the workflow.
That done, save the workflow with a name ( Mail Encrypted PDF ?); that will now appear as an option in the PDF menu at the bottom of the standard Print dialogue window. When you select it, you will be prompted to enter a password for the PDF; if you entered a dummy password above, that'll be entered by default. When the service finished, the PDF will embed as a secure document in a new email message.—Topher Kessler
Flag emails from specific senders
Tool: Mail
I get lots of emails from my editors and colleagues at Macworld, and I've found it helpful to set them apart from other emails. That way, I can quickly and easily spot any urgent messages, plus it makes it easier to use my Mail inbox as my to-do list. So I set up a rule in Mail to mark these emails and notify me when they arrive.
In Mail, choose File > Preferences, then select Rules. Click New Rule and set the following conditions: If any of the following conditions are met; From contains macworld.com, pcworld.com and techhive.com. And I set the following actions to be performed on messages that match those conditions: Move Message to Mailbox Inbox; Set Color of Text to Other… (I set it to purple); Stop Evaluating Rules (so other rules don't move or alter the messages); Send Notification.—Kirk McElhearn
Filter messages to specific address
Tool: iCloud
As the author of Macworld's Ask the iTunes Guy column, I get lots of reader email, which is forwarded to an iCloud email address. Rather than filtering those messages with a Mail rule on OS X, I chose to set up a rule on iCloud. The main reason: I didn't want them cluttering up my iPhone. Server-side rules like this work on messages before they reach your inboxes, so they apply to all of your devices.
Sign in to iCloud on the Web. Click Mail, then click the gear icon at the bottom-left of the window and choose Rules. Click Add a Rule. Set the first popup to Is Addressed To, and enter an email address there. (I use the address itunesguy@macworld.com, because messages are redirected from the macworld.com server to my iCloud address; you might want to use Is From instead, though Is Addressed To is a fine choice for messages from discussion lists). You can also choose a specific term in the subject to filter emails. In the Then section, choose Move to Folder, then select the name of the folder on the iCloud server where you want the messages to go. Click Done to save and activate the rule.—Kirk McElhearn
Email favorite tweets
Tool: IFTTT
As I scan my Twitter stream, I often see links to articles that I'd like to read, but can't delve into at the moment. Rather than saving them to Safari's Reading List or to a service like Readability, I prefer sending such tweets to my email inbox, so I can process their links later, when I have time. IFTTT lets me do this automatically; all I have to do is favorite a tweet.
To set that up, I first activated the Email and Twitter channels in IFTTT. I then set up the basic recipe: If Twitter, then Email. In the action, I accept the default email subject: Favorite tweet by @{{UserName}} . And for the body of the message, I also accept the default: {{TweetEmbedCode}} via Twitter | https://twitter.com/{{UserName}} | {{CreatedAt}} .
With that set up, I get an email a few minutes after I mark a tweet a favorite, with the tweet in the body, including the link to the article I want to read. It also gives me a record of these favorited-links messages, if I want to find an article again later.—Kirk McElhearn
Automatically file and reply to customer-support email
Tools: Mail, Sanebox, TextExpander
I self-publish books through the iBooks Store. One thing I didn't realize when I began this side-business is that, because the books contain a lot of interactive elements, some of my readers would need customer-support. So I quickly developed an automated workflow that filters these emails to a place where they're easier to manage and uses text-automation to make replying more efficient.
The first thing I do is filter these support emails to one place. For several years, I did this with rules in Mail. These rules scanned incoming messages for certain terms relating to the books. Whenever Mail got a hit, it automatically filed the message in a specific folder for me to review and process. More recently, I've started doing the same thing with the Web-based Sanebox service. If you're a Gmail user, you could also do the same thing with Gmail filtering rules.
Next, using TextExpander, I set up a detailed response snippet that saves me a lot of typing. I use TextExpander's Optional Selection feature (click on the cursor button in the snippet editor, then select Fill-Ins and then Optional Selection), which allows me to choose which paragraphs in that canned response to include. I use additional fill-in snippets to insert more detailed information that the optional selection choices can't support.—David Sparks
This story, "Automate your Mac: 10 ways to make managing email easier" was originally published by Macworld .
Before I get into the usual tale of how today's page came about, I wanted to let you folks know that all of us behind Gutters will be at New York Comicon this weekend, at the Blind Ferret Booth #2457.
For any artist out there who may be interested in doing a Gutters page, Lar and I will be reviewing portfolios there and then. Part of our mission for this comic was to discover new talent, as well as showcasing exisisting. To that end, if you're an artist looking to break through, this could be the step you're looking for.
It's worth noting as well that every page of Gutters is paid for, above market rates. We try to pay artists what they're worth, not what we can get away with paying them.
In any event, Booth #2457, drop by and see us, won't you?
As for today's comic, this is what happens when I'm allowed to watch television at 4am. Nothing good.
Scooby and the Gang were done by David Namisato:
David Namisato is an illustrator in Toronto, Canada. David's recent projects include the children's picture book “Fly Catcher Boy” from Gumboot Books, the comic series “Gabe and Allie in Race Through Time” for Kayak: Canada's History Magazine for Kids, covers and illustrations for YES Magazine and KNOW Magazine, sketch cards for 5FINITY Productions, and work on Moonstone Books' “Zombies vs Cheerleaders” comics. David also has a web comic about teaching English in Japan called “Life After the B.O.E.” David isn't much of a morning person, but when they do wake up, they are happy because they get to spend the day drawing.
We'll see you on Friday, folks.
-sohmer
The US Environmental Protection Agency ordered the state of Michigan today to take “immediate action to address serious and ongoing concerns” with the city of Flint's drinking water system, which has been contaminated for more than 18 months with elevated levels of lead.
“EPA has determined that the City of Flint's and the State of Michigan's responses to the drinking water crisis in Flint have been inadequate to protect the public health and that these failures continue,” the order reads. The EPA will begin sampling Flint's tap water and publishing analysis results on its website and lead an independent investigation into what could have been done to prevent the crisis.
The water contamination crisis is embroiling both Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, who apologized to Flint residents this week before releasing hundreds of pages of email records, and the EPA, which said on Wednesday its response to the crisis had been too slow. Susan Hedman, the regional EPA chief for Michigan and the surrounding Midwest, also announced their resignation today, effective February 1st, over their failure to prevent the crisis and notify the public and EPA officials about the potential health risks.
EPA's Michigan and Midwest administrator has resigned
The crisis dates back to a decision in 2014 to switch Flint's water supply from the water system of nearby Detroit to the Flint River, a choice made while Flint was under the control of a state-appointed emergency manager seeking new money-saving measures. The city of Flint, with a population under 100,000, switched back to Detroit's Lake Huron system in October 2015 after a study by Flint's Hurley Medical Center determined the amount of children with elevated levels of lead in their blood had doubled after the water supply switch. The corrosive water of the Flint River is thought to have leeched lead from the city's water pipes.
Despite the switch, Flint residents had been consuming the contaminated water for months while petitions and protests failed to force city officials to change the water source. Exposure to unsafe amounts of lead can lead to anemia, kidney failure, brain damage, and other ailments in young children and infants, according to the World Health Organization. A group of parents has since filed a class-action lawsuit against Flint, the state, and several public officials. Snyder's email records indicate officials at nearly every level in Michigan failed to acknowledge the severity of the ongoing crisis and constantly squabbled over who was to blame and whether the issue was being politicized, according to The Washington Post.
Obama declared a federal emergency over the crisis last Saturday
The situation in Flint has attracted the attention of the White House, and President Obama declared a federal emergency last Saturday to direct federal funding to help solve the crisis. “What is inexplicable and inexcusable is once people figured out there was a problem and that there was lead in the water. The notion that immediately families were not notified, things were not shut down—that shouldn't happen anywhere,” Obama, who met with Flint mayor Karen Weaver this week, told CBS News.
Php hosting server is a kind of online hosting plan that allows individual and organizations to promote their website easy to get to by means of the World Wide Web (www). Web hosts in form of Php server host name are people that provide space on a server Php own or leased for use by customers also given that Internet connection, more frequent than, not in a data center. Php server hosting can also transmit data center space and connectivity to the Internet for other Php socket server situated in their data center, known as collocation (commonly known as dwelling in France and Latin America).
Web Hosting Php- Know how hosting with PHP It Starts With
Web interface to the company in the form of website hosting is an area where the region is comparatively better. The files are usually get delivered to the Web as it is or with some minimal processing. Many Internet service providers (ISPs) and Php local host server offer this service free to subscribers. Individuals and organizations may also gain Web page hosting from different Php local server and related service providers. Personal website based hosting that is Php server ip is typically available, commercial sponsored, or reasonably priced. Business web site hosting as in Php server root often has a higher fee depending upon the size and type of website. Single page hosting is usually sufficient for individual web pages. A multifaceted site call for a more wide-ranging pack up that offers database support and application development platforms (e.g. Php WebSocket server, Java, Php SQL server, ASP. Ruby on Rails, Php server host, ColdFusion, NET). Some hosts concentrate on convinced software or facilities (e.g. E-trade), that are commonly used by larger companies that outsource network infrastructure. Php delete a file from the server when it comes to security issue.
Get an Overview server host Php
Server host Php is usually offered as part of a general Internet access means there are many free and paid providers offering these types of web hosting.
a client needs to evaluate these requirements of making an application to choose what type of hosting they or they must use. Such Php connect to SQL server related consideration may include database server related software, operating system and scripting software, most hosting providers offer Linux-based web hosting Php server that offers a wide collection of different types of software. A typical type of php configuration for a Linux server is the LAMP platform: MySQL, Php server self, Linux, Apache, and PHP/Python/Perl. The web hosting client may desire to include other facilities, like email for their commerce area, multimedia or databases facilities. A purchaser may also choose Windows as Php web server and web hosting platform.
Benefits of Using coupon Codes
To avail the best benefits from hosting coupon code are as follows.
It would be good obtaining facilities from one provider so that multiple coupon code benefits can be obtained on products purchased.
It will ensure better management as well as higher savings for the customer.
While availing the coupon code and discount benefits qualitative aspects should also be taken care of.
Basically hosting discount code and coupon code are intended to provide various facilities at discount prices for the clients. Ability to avail these facilities at discount prices will always be a welcome process for the webmaster or entrepreneur concerned.
Peter Biskind's new biography of Warren Beatty, "Star: How Warren Beatty Seduced America," hasn't even hit bookstore shelves yet. But it's already caused an uproar after the New York Post started running some juicy excerpts from the book focusing on Topic A: Exactly how many women did the famous Hollywood lothario actually sleep with?
According to Biskind, who caused a similar media maelstrom with their 1998 book, "Easy Riders, Raging Bulls" -- about the excesses of '60s filmmakers -- it wasn't all that hard, based on "simple arithmetic," to come up with a perfectly plausible guesstimate. According to the Post, Biskind estimates the bedded-by-Beatty women figure at "12,775, give or take, a figure that does not include daytime quickies, drive-bys, casual gropings, stolen kisses and so on." (If anyone can offer a good definition of what might constitute a Warren Beatty "drive-by," we'd love to hear it.)
Biskind's literary formula, judging from their previous books, is pretty simple, combining a shrewd analysis of the filmmaking process with salacious insider stories about sexual adventures and assorted misbehavior. Judging from the Post excerpts, there is plenty of the latter. One offers a glimpse of the young Beatty's affair with Joan Collins, whom they took up with after dumping Jane Fonda. Collins complained about Beatty's insatiable sex drive. As Biskind writes:
"One Sunday morning, exhausted, Collins stumbled out of bed. Dragging on a forbidden cigarette, they said, 'I don't think I can last much longer. They never stops -- it must be all those vitamins they take. ... In a few years, I'll be worn out.' Later, a skeptic asked them if they really had sex seven times a day. They replied, 'Maybe they did, but I just lay there.' "
Needless to say, Beatty, now a happily married 72-year-old pater familias, hasn't been taking all of this lying down. Hollywood super lawyer Bert Fields, acting on Beatty's behalf, has popped up, loudly denying that Biskind's book was authorized in any way by the veteran movie star. (Not that anyone who has ever met Beatty would ever imagine in a million years that Beatty would ever authorize a tell-all book about their life.) Still, Fields has worked up quite a head of steam, going on the offensive by telling the Huffington Post that "Mr. Biskind's tedious and boring book ... contains many false assertions and purportedly quotes Mr. Beatty as saying things they never said."
I have two thoughts on this whole issue. First off, if Fields thinks that tossing out the words "tedious" and "boring" will stop people from trolling through the book, eager to soak up all the good, sexy tall tales, I suspect they are sorely underestimating the libido of the American nonfiction reader. And secondly, if that 12,775 figures is correct, imagine how good the late NBA great Wilt Chamberlain must be feeling right now. After all, it was Chamberlain who once famously boasted about having sex with 20,000 women. If even Beatty can't top that mark, then Chamberlain's bedded-by record, along with their career points scored totals, remain records that may never be broken.
Rupert Murdoch never wanted to be a reporter, explains veteran newspaperman Rodney E. Lever, so they started off as a “publisher”.
Rupert Murdoch aged 5 in the arms of their father Sir Keith, and (right) Rupert in 1957, aged 26.
“There are two sides to every story,” is an age-old mantra and most people know it is true. Indeed, there are multiple sides to every story.
My first editor, Brian Con Penton of the Sydney Daily Telegraph had a simple answer: “Just give me the facts.” And that was their rule.
I was on their reporting staff for the first years of my own newspaper career. When Penton died of cancer, they were replaced by the deputy editor King Watson. King was a nice man; an experienced newspaperman with great skills. What they lacked, however, was an ability to deal with a proprietor with the awesome presence of Douglas Frank Hewson Packer — sometimes known as Bullhorn.
Even Frank Packer had always been a little scared of Brian Penton's extraordinary intellect and their ability to wring from their editorial staff an enthusiasm for exciting investigations and crisp, accurate writing. These reporters included Patrick Davidson, who caused the closure of the notorious Callan Park lunatic asylum and changed Australia's primitive mental health systems forever; Tom Farrell, who brought about major changes in the criminal legal system and modernised police procedures; and Ronald Monson, who became a national hero after being almost lynched by angry Egyptians with their own necktie in the 1956 Suez Crisis.
Harry Gordon and Peter Bowers were younger top reporters I revered.
Sir Frank 'Bullhorn' Packer
After Penton's death, Frank Packer began to interfere. The paper went into decline. They decided that the staff of Penton's precious library was too large. They demanded no replacements if anyone left. A similar order went out to the editorial department. Penton's library and their journalists were at the heart of the paper's greatness.
Packer's interests were primarily directed towards the Australian Women's Weekly and to a passion for sailing. They were principal founder of the annual Sydney to Hobart yacht race. In 1972, they sold the paper to Rupert Murdoch. Great journalism was replaced by political bias, personal opinions, crude invention, laziness, sloppy writing and a weird obsession with scandal in people's private lives.
In 1974, I went to the midweek races at Randwick. Leaving the member's stand after the last race, I followed an old man with a walking stick slowly climbing the steps. When they stumbled, I took their elbow to steady him. They turned around and looked at me with rheumy eyes and said very quietly, “Thank you.” Just one week later, Frank Packer was dead. I don't think they recognised me as the copy boy who once left inky black fingermarks on their starched white collar.
In 1951, Keith Murdoch appointed Rohan Deakin Rivett as editor of The News in Adelaide. They had purchased through their family company, Cruden Investments, a 30 per cent holding in News Limited, the business name of the The News' publisher. That made the Murdochs the company's principal shareholder. The purchase was significant. It would become the nursery that would launch Rupert Murdoch into the newspaper business.
A year later, Murdoch died suddenly at a crucial moment. Their death followed a tense boardroom struggle between himself, as chairperson and managing of the Herald and Weekly Times, and the deputy who was to succeed him, Jack Williams.
The Murdochs were not wealthy when Keith died. They owned their home, Cruden Farm, and some rural investment properties and art works. Their lifestyle was augmented by the perks (which were substantial) of their office as head of Australia's largest newspaper company. They held no HWT shares.
After death duties (death duties to pay for World War II were later rescinded) the family was nearly broke. Keith had been secretly borrowing large amounts of money for a project that was dear to them —ensuring that one day Rupert Murdoch would take their place as chairperson and managing director of the Herald and Weekly Times.
Way back in 1933, Keith Murdoch and Theodore Fink had organised the amalgamation of two Brisbane morning newspapers, The Courier and The Mail. The Mail had been owned by the former bookmaker, boxing entrepreneur, Collingwood football club supporter and (some say) underworld figure, John Wren.
Melbourne "entrepeneur" John Wren, also the subject of Frank Hardy's iconic novel 'Power Without Glory'.
Working with Jack Williams, who was finance editor at the HWT and the Herald's chief financial reporter, Jack Eddy, Murdoch had devised a scheme to prevent any takeover attempt of the Herald and Weekly Times.
They established an interlocking arrangement so all the companies in the group would hold a substantial interest in each other. Any raider would need to buy the group as a whole to be successful. That would deter all but the richest, and be beyond all but a few local investors.
The key to unlocking the whole group was a new issue of Courier-Mail shares, ostensibly to fund a badly needed new office and modern printery on land in Fortitude Valley, Brisbane, and remove the company from its original cramped site in the heart of Brisbane. But within this scheme, there was one way to unlock it. If anyone wanted to take over the group they would need to know that they would first have to buy the Courier-Mail outright.
In the last year of their life, Murdoch was holidaying at the Gold Coast, recuperating from an illness and devoting their time to borrowing frantically from anywhere and everywhere to buy as many of the new shares as they could afford for their family. Their inside knowledge gave them an advantage. Their letters from the Gold Coast to their secretary in Melbourne tell the story. They are among the 28 boxes of Keith Murdoch's private papers in the National Library of Australia, along with 25 years of angry correspondence with Theodore Fink — mostly arguing about who was supposed to run the company that Fink had owned since 1900.
]
Theodore Fink
Jack Williams and the other senior executives were horrified by the prospect of young Rupert running the company. As a student at Geelong Grammar they would come home for weekends and spent Friday afternoons in the boardroom supposedly doing their homework, but more often arrogantly marching around the building giving to orders to the staff. They were called "the brat."
At the monthly board meeting on Friday, October 14, 1952, Keith Murdoch told their hand-picked board members that they intended to dismiss Jack Williams. Williams was sent for. They left the room saying to Keith Murdoch:
“You will pay for this.”
After the meeting, Murdoch rang Colin Blore Bednall, managing director of the Courier-Mail, and told Bednall that they had been chosen to replace Jack Williams. Then Murdoch had their driver take them home to Cruden Farm, where they spent a pleasant day with their family and read a letter that had just arrived from Rupert at Oxford. That night, they went to bed and died.
Their frail heart condition could not survive the tensions of their recent activity. They were 67.
The board met again on the day before the Tuesday funeral and rescinded Jack Williams' dismissal and appointed them managing director. The board elected a new chairperson — John Getty, chairperson of the National Bank, the company's bankers.
Sudden deaths turn many lives upside down. Keith Murdoch believed that maturity would change Rupert, and it did; but not in the way Keith had wanted. They intended that Rupert begin as a working journalist and grow through other departments of the paper until they reached an age where they could take on the leading role. They could have personally supervised Rupert's steady advancement.
Aware of the heart trouble Keith had experienced in recent years, they selected Rohan Rivett to be Rupert's mentor. Rivett's appointment as editor of the family-owned The News was essential to their plan. They had wanted Rupert learn their craft as a reporter The News.
Two days after Murdoch's death, Lloyd Dumas drove to Cruden Farm to speak with Dame Elisabeth Murdoch. Dumas was a family friend and a long-time associate of Keith. Dumas had been the founding editor of The Sun-News Pictorial, a morning paper launched with the intention of driving the British owned paper The Argus out of Melbourne. Now Dumas was also managing director of the Adelaide newspaper The Advertiser, and a member of the HWT board.
The conversation they had with Dame Elisabeth that day became crucial to Rupert's future. Rupert told me the central facts in at least two separate conversations over lunch. It is reasonable to speculate that Dumas conveyed the sympathy of the board and the management and staff.
Then they would have offered assistance in any financial matters.
Frederick Lloyd Dumas
Rupert told me:
“They stole my inheritance. I could have raised the money in London.”
A boast, perhaps, but Elisabeth Murdoch had a clear head for money matters as well. They had served on many boards in the course of their charitable work. It was Elisabeth's decision to sell the critical shares to the Herald and Weekly Times to meet the debts from their purchase.
Murdoch's death was a major news story in Melbourne. With no Sunday papers, the story was broadcast first through radio stations. The HWT's own radio station 3DB was the first to break the news. The station's manager, David Worrall, heard the news on their outer-Melbourne farm and headed for the office to begin planning a special report on Keith Murdoch's life and times. Before that, they had phoned Jack Williams (not knowing of Williams' dismissal).
Williams went to the office immediately. There is a legend that they had a company employee use a hard metal drill from the engineering department to force open the private safe in Keith Murdoch's office. I can only speculate that they were looking for Murdoch's letters to their secretary to show to the board. Further, I can only speculate that they had found the letters and shown them to the board.
Rupert had been contacted by phone in England and was organising a flight to Australia to attend the funeral. England-Australia flights were carried out by slow old Sunderland flying boats, landing at Rose Bay in Sydney. The funeral was well and truly over by the time they got back to Melbourne.
There, from their mother, they learned that they had sold the crucial Courier-Mail shares to the Herald and Weekly Times. Rupert had lost the inheritance that would have started their career at the top of the tree.
Dame Elisabeth had decided that Rupert should start their newspaper career at The News as Keith had intended. But Rupert decided they were not going to start at the bottom. They had tried being a reporter in London. They didn't like being a reporter. They didn't want to be a reporter. They settled on a new title: publisher.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Australia License
Denver • Immediately after a jury determined that Taylor Swift was groped by a radio station host at a backstage 2013 concert event in Denver, the singer-songwriter embraced one of their closest allies — their mother — and later said they hoped the verdict would inspire other victims of sexual assault.
Swift hugged their crying mother after the six-woman, two-man jury decided Monday in U.S. District Court that former Denver DJ David Mueller grabbed the pop star's rear end during a photo session four years ago.
In keeping with Swift's request, the jurors awarded them $1 in damages — an amount their attorney, Douglas Baldridge, called “a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
Swift issued a statement thanking their attorneys “for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault.”
“My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard,” they said, promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help sexual assault victims.
Nancy Leong, a University of Denver law professor, said the verdict is important because “we are getting to the point in society that women are believed in court. For many decades and centuries, that was not the case.”
Leong, who also teaches in the university's gender studies program, said the verdict will inspire more victims of sexual assault to come forward.
“The fact that they were believed will allow women to understand that they will not automatically be disbelieved, and I think that's a good thing,” Leong said.
Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, tried to keep the accusation quiet by not reporting the incident to police. Instead, the singer's management team alerted Mueller's bosses.
But it became public when Mueller sued Swift for up to $3 million, claiming their allegation cost them their $150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM, where they were a morning host.
“I've been trying to clear my name for four years,” Mueller told reporters after the verdict, explaining why they sued Swift. “Civil court is the only option I had. This is the only way that I could be heard.”
Appearing on ABC's “Good Morning America,” Mueller on Tuesday said they might appeal and insisted they did nothing wrong.
“I can pass a polygraph,” they said.
After Mueller sued, Swift countersued for assault and battery. During an hour of testimony last week, they blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified they never grabbed Swift, they insisted they were groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” they added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching them inappropriately, testifying they touched their ribs and that their hand may (yes) have brushed the outside of their skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture before Swift's performance at an arena.
That photo was virtually the only evidence besides the testimony.
In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below their waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on Swift's other side.
Swift testified that after they were groped, they numbly told Mueller and their girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because they did not want to disappoint them.
But they said they immediately went to their photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of them with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, testified that they asked radio liaison Frank Bell to call Mueller's employers. Andrea Swift and Bell did not call police to avoid further traumatizing their daughter, they said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private. But we didn't want them to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said they emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO-FM's general manager so Call could use it in their investigation of Mueller. Bell testified they did not ask for Mueller to be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
Jurors also rejected Mueller's claims that Andrea Swift and Bell cost them their job.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez last Friday dismissed claims that Taylor Swift ruined Mueller's career, ruling that Mueller's legal team failed to present evidence that the then-23-year-old superstar did anything more than report the groping to their representatives, including their mother.
(CNN) On the morning of June 2, Daniel Maher knew they would not be on time for work. He'd stayed up late attending a waste commission meeting the night before, like they did every month as the recycling director for an environmental agency in Berkeley, California.
What Maher didn't know is that they would not make it to work at all that day. When they stepped outside their front door, they were confronted by six-armed Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents.
Maher thought they had come to question him, as they had done periodically over the years. Instead, they whisked them away and threw them behind bars.
Maher, part of a recent sweep of Chinese nationals, is now awaiting deportation -- which will sever them from their family, friends and a life they toiled to make for themselves as a model citizen in America.
The problem is that Maher is not a citizen. They were born in Macau, now a part of China. And the model part? It's blemished by a felony conviction from more than two decades ago.
Under the law, the United States can deport convicted felons back to their country of origin at any given time if they are deemed a threat to public safety. Such immigration decisions are discretionary, and those who know Maher say they have reformed himself.
But Maher's attorney said there is more to the case than what appears on the surface. They say Maher has become a pawn in a high-stakes political game between two global powers engaged in a prickly and complex relationship
Maher might have been left alone, said Anoop Prasad, had it not been for recent high-level negotiations between Washington and Beijing on security matters that included immigration. The talks, they said, have put pressure on authorities to round up Chinese citizens for deportation.
"It's bad timing," said Prasad, a lawyer with the Asian Law Caucus in San Francisco. "Some of this has to do with the larger picture of what's going on between the United States and China. Some of it has to do with the domestic pulse on immigration."
If Maher were not an immigrant, they could go on with their life as a reformed felon, Prasad said. But as it is, Maher faces the possibility of being shipped to a country they have never known.
"Sure, what I did was wrong," Maher said in a telephone conversation from the Adelanto detention facility in Southern California. "I was young, and I made a mistake. But I worked hard to turn my life around. I am not a risk to the public."
'I never looked back'
Daniel Maher was only 3 when they arrived in America from what was then Portuguese-controlled Macau. (The small peninsula near Hong Kong became part of China in 1999.) Their parents, Luis and Helen, came as legal immigrants, sponsored for permanent residency by relatives already settled in the United States.
Maher and their four siblings grew up in the San Jose area. Their parents worked as waiters and grew flowers on a small farm. In their youth, Maher fell in with the "wrong crowd," as they put it. Maher struggled to finish high school and worked at an auto repair shop. At 20, they were arrested in a drug-related armed robbery.
In December 1994, Maher was convicted of kidnapping, second-degree robbery and possession of a firearm. They were sentenced to 11 years, four months. During their time in state prisons, Maher did a lot of thinking -- and, they said, changing.
They earned their GED in 1999 and completed vocational training programs. They worked in the prison system as a fast food cashier, busboy and telemarketer.
"I never looked back," they said.
Daniel Maher was 3 years old when they came to the United States with a permanent visa.
But their conviction meant they no longer had a green card to stay in the United States, and in 2000, an immigration judge ordered their "removal" from the country.
Immigration officers reviewed Maher's case the following year before an early release from prison. In a report issued after a March 2001 interview with Maher, deportation officers said they told them they were pressured by peers into the robbery and regretted their actions.
"Now they see that it was foolish," the report said. "He stated that they do not want to lose their freedom again."
In a "comments" section, the deportation officers wrote that Maher "appears to be a person of above average intelligence, who seemed to have had no trouble finding work, working hard or in completing their education. ...  They are bright and seems committed to living a legitimate and law-abiding life if released."
The deportation order stood, though, and for months, immigration authorities sought to obtain travel documents for Maher to enter China. Their efforts were in vain; the Chinese consulate did not respond to multiple requests.
A federal judge ultimately ordered Maher's release on a writ of habeas corpus after a Supreme Court ruling prohibited indefinite detentions such as his.
Maher was freed in August 2001 under an order of supervision. Since then, they have reported regularly to a deportation officer.
China is one of several "recalcitrant" nations that refuse to accept nationals the United States wants to deport. That list includes Cuba, and as the Obama administration normalizes diplomatic ties with the socialist nation, up to 34,500 Cuban nationals convicted of crimes in the United States could now be sent back.
The administration also has been discussing deportations with China. And on March 27, Sarah Saldana, the director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), signed a memorandum of understanding on deportations with their Chinese counterpart.
China has long been pressuring the United States to extradite nationals wanted on corruption charges in the absence of an extradition treaty, which is partly because of Washington's concerns over China's due process of law and human rights violations.
Maher insists they are not a threat to public safety and should not be deported.
In exchange for the extraditions, the United States wants to send back thousands of Chinese citizens under ICE orders of removal.
A Homeland Security news release on Secretary Jeh Johnson's visit to Beijing in April said the two countries had "committed to a more streamlined process to repatriate Chinese nationals with final orders of removal."
More than 30,000 Chinese citizens are currently on final orders of removal from the United States, according to the State Department.
As of early July, 527 Chinese citizens were in ICE detention, according to Department of Homeland Security records. Last year, 63 Chinese citizens with criminal convictions were released from custody since they could not be deported.
ICE spokesperson Gillian Christenson said a team of Chinese experts traveled to the United States to interview Chinese citizens targeted by ICE for deportation. Among them was Maher, much to the surprise of their friends and colleagues.
Prasad, Maher's lawyer, said the interview was short and Maher had problems communicating with the Chinese officials because they do not speak Mandarin or Cantonese.
Queries made by CNN to the Chinese consulate in San Francisco and the Chinese embassy in Washington were not answered. However, Virginia Kice, a Western regional spokesperson for ICE, said Maher "remains an enforcement priority based on criminal history."
They said ICE officials in San Francisco were advised that it may now be possible for the agency to obtain a travel document for Maher.
"In light of that, ICE officers took Mr. Maher into custody," Kice said.
The past catches up
Maher had always worried that one day their past would catch up with him.
After prison, they began working for the nonprofit Ecology Center in Berkeley . And they moved back in with their parents to help relieve the financial burden on their younger brother, Anthony, who was then studying pharmacology.
JUST WATCHED Murder suspect had been deported five times Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Murder suspect had been deported five times 03:17
Maher lived each day with fear of deportation hanging over their head, reminded of it every time they reported to immigration agents, every time they heard about a deportation case.
But they held out hope that someone in officialdom would believe they had changed; that their life would speak for itself.
Those who worked with Maher at the Ecology Center described a kind, generous and dependable man. Maher knew about engine repair, telephone systems and computers, said Amy Kiser, the center's program director. They stepped in to solve problems and didn't care if they had to get their hands dirty.
Maher was the guy who sprung for coffee and listened when a colleague was dealing with cancer in the family.
"Daniel is an essential element of our closely knit team," Kiser said. "I am very upset that they are being detained. They do not deserve this."
A petition asking ICE to free Maher has more than 2,700 signatures on it.
"I fail to understand what can be gained by uprooting Daniel from their family and friends, their work, and their life," said Susan Miller, another Ecology Center employee. "I can't accept that their detention and possible deportation is a beneficial and reasonable response to a purported threat which is, in my view, nonexistent."
The center had hoped to have Maher act as guide for its "Plastic Free July" events. Instead, Maher has been spending days and nights in a shared concrete cell.
They said it has been hard living in limbo, not knowing what the next day might bring.
It's especially hard knowing that they may end up in mainland China, a place they have never seen. They don't know how they would function there.
Once deported, a convicted felon can never return to the United States. That means their family would have to uproot themselves if they want to be near him.
JUST WATCHED San Francisco shooting spurs immigration debate Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH San Francisco shooting spurs immigration debate 02:29
"It's a little late for me to start all over. I realize this is my own fault, but...."
Maher's voice trails off.
They know this is not a good time for them to be pleading their case.
The man charged in Steinle's murder, Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez, had seven felony convictions and had been deported from the United States back to their native Mexico five times.
People from all corners -- conservatives as well as liberals -- have pointed fingers at authorities for releasing Lopez-Sanchez from detention before they could be deported again.
Lopez-Sanchez was turned over to San Francisco authorities on a drug warrant in March. San Francisco police let them go in April after the drug charges were dropped.
Republican members of Congress blasted the Obama administration at a homeland security hearing Tuesday.
U.S. Rep. Bob Goodlatte, a Virginia Republican and chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee, said ICE admitted releasing 30,558 immigrants with criminal convictions in 2014. They said they received data last week from the Department of Homeland Security that 1,423 of those immigrants already had been convicted of new crimes including domestic violence, sexual assault, burglary and assault.
"Because of the failure by this and previous administrations to detain criminal aliens, and the failure to vigorously pursue fugitives, there are almost 180,000 convicted criminal aliens currently in removal proceedings who are living in our neighborhoods and almost 170,000 convicted criminal aliens who have been ordered removed yet are also living free," Goodlatte said.
JUST WATCHED Did sanctuary city policy lead to San Francisco murder? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Did sanctuary city policy lead to San Francisco murder? 02:20
Those who want swift action on deportations point to cases such as Steinle's and that of Qian Wu, a 46-year-old New York woman who died in a grisly stabbing. The man convicted of their murder, Huang Chen, is an undocumented Chinese citizen who had served time for a previous attack on Wu and was released after China refused to take them back.
Immigration lawyers say the harshest cases should not set policy for everyone. Criminal convictions run the gamut, they say, and each case must be based on the merits of the individual in question.
Prasad, the Asian Law Caucus attorney, said Maher clearly does not fall into the same category as Chen or Lopez-Sanchez.
"People understand the two situations are really disconnected," Prasad said.
But they believe the administration is trying to soften criticism of its record number of deportations by saying the United States makes it a priority to target immigrants who pose safety concerns.
Maher's family finds it ludicrous that anyone would put them in the same category as Lopez-Sanchez.
"I think that's so unfair. My brother is nothing like that person," said Anthony Maher. "We are so worried. My brother has never been to China. They don't speak Chinese. What will they do there?"
Rather, Maher's supporters say, authorities should compare Maher to someone such as Eddy Zheng, a Chinese man who spent 19 years in prison for kidnapping and robbery and transformed themselves into a community activist.
California Gov. Jerry Brown pardoned Zheng on Easter, saying Zheng had redeemed themselves through their anti-violence and mentoring work.
"All we are saying is, 'Look at the support they have, the amazing work they do,' " Prasad said. "It's pretty clear Daniel Maher is not a public safety danger."
Maher, meanwhile, has been moved to the Mesa Verde detention facility in Bakersfield. He'd like nothing more than to go back to the San Francisco Bay area, to their girlfriend, their family and a job that has been kept open for him.
They admit they made a grave mistake 20 years ago.
"Please look at my history," they said about their actions since they were released from jail. "Please let me stay."
The corporate headquarters at Target have been in turmoil and a pro-family organization knows one reason why.
As reported by Fox News and other outlets, many of the people on Target's ten-member executive team have changed over the last two years, some of them over the past few months.
"Recently we've seen reports that Target's CEO, their chief financial officer, and chief operating officer have all had their salaries slashed by up to 40 percent," says Walker Wildmon of the American Family Association.
U.S. News and World Report reported, in fact, that CEO Brian Cornell's already-generous salary was cut after a "bleak year" at the retail giant.
AFA has been on a year-long effort to urge Target to drop its controversial store policy that's meant to please homosexual activists and transgender customers. But it has backfired amid a public uproar over customer safety concerns and documented cases of sexual predators preying on women and girls in Target's restrooms and changing rooms.
Wildmon and AFA suggest the bad publicity and an online boycott have put a dent in Target's foot traffic, revenue and overall bottom line.
While they acknowledge that online giant Amazon has hurt other retailers, the AFA spokesperson points out that Target is the only one that has seen its stock price plummet since AFA announced the boycott 13 months ago.
AFA's online boycott petition has now reached more than 1.5 million signatures and AFA representatives plan to visit Target headquarters this month to deliver the newest batch of signatures.
AFA President Tim Wildmon delivered one million signatures to Target executives last year, reporting later that the executives were polite but refused to back down.
Earlier this year, The Wall Street Journal reported that Cornell did not approve of the blog post that publicized the transgender-friendly policy.
Not only was Cornell out of the office, says Wildmon, "he also disagreed with the way they went about it."
JOHANNESBURG – Eskom, owed about R10-billion by defaulting municipalities, will interrupt power to five of them on Wednesday.
Three of the municoalities that will be affected are in North West and two in the Northern Cape.
Eskom says the power supply will be interrupted from 6am to 8am, and 5pm to 7.30pm on weekdays.
READ: Three more municipalities avoid power cuts
But in North West, the towns of Vryburg, Stella, Bloemhof, Christian, Koster and Swartruggens will be subject to the cuts.
Afriforum and Vryburg residents in Naledi Municipality are meeting local authorities seeking answers over power interruptions in their area.
In the Northern Cape, Victoria-West, Richmond, Van der Kloof, Petrusville and Philipstown will be affected.
The power utility continues to review payment plans for municipalities with outstanding debts. It says several of them have come forward to sign payment plans to avoid supply interruptions.
Eskom interim group CEO Matshela Koko.“We are immensely encouraged by the kind of response we are witnessing presently and would like to thank all the municipalities that have made an effort to pay their accounts, and committed to their payment agreements.”
The expansion of the World Cup to 48 teams is the first major change that the mandate of Gianni Infantino in the FIFA presidency has brought to football. But it may not be the last or the most shocking. The governing body of world football is working on a series of changes that could revolutionise the sport.
The proposed adaptations (outlined below) were recognised by Marco van Basten – who was appointed in September as FIFA's Director General for Technical Development – in an interview published this week with Sport Bild.
Replace penalties with a ‘take-on challenge'
In the result of a draw in a knock-out competition, the match would not proceed to penalties following extra-time, but a head-to-duel between keeper and attacker, who would be able to dribble the ball from 25 metres out and try to shoot or take it past the opposition goalie into the net (rather similarly to a hockey shootout). There would be a time limit of 8 seconds and each team would have five attempts.
Remove the offside rule
"Football is more and more like handball," Van Basten told Bild. "Personally I'm curious about how football would work without offside," who again put forward the example of field hockey and said they believed teams could adapt with time. "The game would be more attractive, the attackers would have more chances and there would be more goals. That's what fans want to see," says Van Basten.
Full screen A hockey-style penalty shootout is proposed by FIFA Mark Humphrey
Downgrading of punishment for deliberate handballs
A feature of the handball rule that does appeal to Van Basten are automatic sending offs, which they say could be replaced with yellow cards or the possibility of a ‘Sin-Bin' type sanction of 5-10 minutes.
Introduction of a basketball-style foul system
Van Basten has the idea that “like in basketball, a player can only make five fouls and then has to leave the field"
Captains speak with the referee only
Again taking inspiration from other team sports, the Dutchman wants to end the constant protestation from players towards the referee, allowing only team captains to speak to the official, as is the case in rugby.
Full screen In rugby, only team captains can speak to the referee.
Reduce the number of games
As FIFA plans to expand the World Cup, Van Basten says that to ensure greater “quality in the game…we should reduce the number of official matches per season from 80 to a maximum of 50." Last season, Portugal played 18 games between official and friendly matches on the FIFA international calendar, while a Spanish club can play up to 67 official matches in a single campaign.
Increase the number of subs
Van Basten is in favour of increasing the number of substitutions per match, but is reluctant to waste time. "We talked about one or two additional changes in the case of extra time.”
Looks Like 'Compromise' Has Been Reached On NSA Reform Bills
from the and-that-may-not-be-a-good-thing dept
In a dramatic change of tone, Rep. Mike Rogers, the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, praised a bill in the House Judiciary Committee that would sharply curb the National Security Agency's surveillance powers. Their remarks suggest that the powerful lawmaker may be more willing to vote for tougher reforms than previously anticipated.
Rogers and other national security hawks have spent weeks arguing that the USA Freedom Act, the most aggressive NSA reform bill under consideration in Congress, would remove tools that the government needs to track phone calls by foreign terrorists. Rogers, a staunch NSA supporter, is the sponsor of another bill that would codify many of the surveillance practices opposed by privacy advocates, such as the dragnet collection of records.
On Monday, we noted that two different competing NSA reform bills had started lurching forward in Congress, though in looking through the Manager's Amendment of the "good" bill, it quickly became clear that it had been very watered down , such that it really wasn't that "good" any more. Late last night, there was a report coming out that the NSA's number one defender, Rep. Mike Rogers, was actually much happier with the USA Freedom Act . In other words, it had been watered down so much that even Mike Rogers was willing to say it was a good bill.As we speak, the House markup on the bill is ongoing . However, in a twist, tomorrow's "competing" markup for the FISA Transparency and Modernization Act -- which is Rogers and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger's "competing" bill -- has now added a markup of the USA Freedom Act to the agenda. That means that a deal has been made, and if Rogers is willing to add USA Freedom to their committee's schedule, it means that the "deal" is one that favors the NSA and not the public.That is not to say that the USA Freedom Act does nothing. It actually does a few things to limit the NSA, but really does not tackle the largest problems. There was a lot of good stuff in the earlier version of the bill (which still didn't go far enough on its own) and now it's significantly weaker. So, rather than fixing the overall mess, the new USA Freedom Act makes some small fixes while leaving all sorts of problems.
Filed Under: bob goodlatte, bulk collection, bulk records, compromise, congress, dutch ruppersberger, jim sensenbrenner, mike rogers, nsa, surveillance, usa freedom act
SALT LAKE CITY — The Eagle Gate Tower has been renamed World Trade Center at City Creek.
The building is located at 60 E. South Temple in downtown Salt Lake City.
“The renaming of Eagle Gate Tower to World Trade Center at City Creek increases our visibility in the global marketplace, enabling us to better serve Utah's businesses who are seeking to grow their international presence,” said Lew Cramer, World Trade Center Utah's president and CEO.
The name change is part of a mission to strengthen a public-private partnership.
Team Utah, which is composed of the Governor's Office of Economic Development, World Trade Center Utah, the Utah Science Technology and Research Initiative, and the Office of Energy Development, was formed at the new building to serve as a partnership to push for economic development in Utah.
The renaming of Eagle Gate Tower to World Trade Center at City Creek increases our visibility in the global marketplace, enabling us to better serve Utah's businesses who are seeking to grow their international presence. –Lew Cramer
“Our co-location with USTAR, WTC Utah and OED is an opportunity that demonstrates Gov. (Gary) Herbert and the state Legislature's commitment to a forward- looking economic development plan,” Spencer Eccles, executive director of GOED, said in a prepared statement. “Thanks to that commitment, and some truly inspired collaboration, the private-public partnership of ‘Team Utah' in the newly renamed World Trade Center at City Creek will continue to support the private sector that is the engine powering Utah's globally renowned and business friendly environment.”
Renaming the tower "builds upon the established achievements of City Creek's revitalization efforts in the heart of downtown," said Mark Gibbons, president of City Creek Reserve Inc. "This new marquee name and the ‘Team Utah' tenants in this building add global business identity and expertise to our urban community.”
×
The Gringott's Warning (Book 1)
These are the words that were engraved on the silver door inside the entrance of Gringotts Wizarding Bank in Diagon Alley. They warn of the fate that awaits those who try to rob the bank.
English
Enter, stranger, but take heed
Of what awaits the sin of greed,
For those who take, but do not earn,
Must pay most dearly in their turn,
So if you seek beneath our floors
A treasure that was never yours,
Thief, you have been warned, beware
Of finding more than treasure there.
There are several constructions that show promise of difficulty in translation.
'Take heed of what awaits the sin of greed'. The 'what' clause is quite vague. All it is saying is that something -- something unspecified but ominous-sounding -- awaits people who commit the sin of greed.
'For those who take, but do not earn'. The 'those' in this sentence refers to 'people who take'.
'Beware of finding more than treasure here'. Again, the sentence hints ominously that something more than treasure -- something unpleasant that the thief hadn't bargained for -- is awaiting.
Simplified Chinese (China)
请进，陌生人，不过你要当心
贪得无厌会是什么下场，
一味索取，不劳而获，
必将受到最严厉的惩罚，
因此如果你想从我们的地下金库取走
一份从来不属于你的财富，
窃贼啊，你已经受到警告，
当心招来的不是宝藏，而是恶报。 Qǐng jìn, mòshēngrén, búguò nǐ yào dāngxīn
Tāndé-wúyàn huì shì shénme xiàchěng,
Yíwèi suǒqǔ, bùláo'érhuò,
Bì jiāng shòudào zuì yánlì de chéngfá,
Yīncǐ rúguǒ nǐ xiǎng cóng wǒmen de dìxià jīnkù qǔzǒu
Yī fèn cónglái bù shǔyú nǐ de cáifù,
Qièzéi a, nǐ yǐjīng shòudào jǐnggào,
Dāngxīn zhāolái de bú shì bǎozàng, ér shì èbào.
The Mainland translation shows a number of signs of having taken the Taiwanese translation as a reference point. For the most part the wording is similar, rearranged and changed somewhat to make it look original.
The three points above are handled as follows:
'Take heed of what awaits the sin of greed': 你要当心贪得无厌会是什么下场 nǐ yào dāngxīn tāndé-wúyàn huì shì shénme xiàchěng -- 'you should be careful what might be the fate of greed'. The translator makes the reference specific by using the word 下场 xiàchěng 'end, fate'.
-- 'you should be careful what might be the fate of greed'. The translator makes the reference specific by using the word 'end, fate'. 'For those who take, but do not earn': the question here is the translation of 'those'. In fact, the Mainland translator does not translate 'those', speaking only of the severe punishment for 一味索取，不劳而获 yíwèi suǒqǔ, bùláo'érhuò -- 'persistently exacting/demanding, reaping without sowing'.
-- 'persistently exacting/demanding, reaping without sowing'. 'Something more than treasure' is spelt out clearly: 不是宝藏，而是恶报 bú shì bǎozàng, ér shì èbào -- 'not treasure but retribution'.
Note also that 'beneath our floors' has been translated specifically as 我们的地下金库 wǒmen de dìxià jīnkù -- 'our underground vaults'.
Traditional Chinese (Taiwan)
進來吧，陌生人，不過
你得當心貪婪之罪招致的後果，
那些想要不勞而獲的傻瓜，
必將遭受到最嚴厲的懲罰，
如果你意圖追求我們的地下金庫
一份永不屬於你的財富，
竊賊啊，你已受到警告，
當心招來寶藏之外的噩運。 Jìnlái ba, mòshēngrén, búguò
Nǐ děi dāngxīn tánlán zhī zuì zhāozhì de hòuguǒ,
Nà-xiē xiǎng yào bùláoérhuò de shǎguā,
Bì jiāng zāoshòu dào zuì yánlì de chéngfá,
Rúguǒ nǐ yìtú zhuīqiú wǒmen de dìxià jīnkù
Yī fèn yǒng bù shǔyú nǐ de cáifù,
Dàozéi a, nǐ yǐ shòudào jǐnggào,
Dāngxīn zhāolái bǎozàng zhī wài de è'yùn.
As the Taiwanese translation acted as the model to the Mainland translation, the devices employed are largely the same as seen above.
'Take heed of what awaits the sin of greed': 你得當心貪婪之罪招致的後果 Nǐ děi dāngxīn tánlán zhī zuì zhāozhì de hòuguò -- 'you must be careful of the consequences that the sin of greed leads to'. This spells out more clearly the idea of 'what awaits' the sin of greed.
-- 'you must be careful of the consequences that the sin of greed leads to'. This spells out more clearly the idea of 'what awaits' the sin of greed. 'For those who take, but do not earn': The Taiwanese version translates 'those' as 傻瓜 shǎguā -- 'fools, idiots'. This is the clear addition of an extra meaning not found in the original.
-- 'fools, idiots'. This is the clear addition of an extra meaning not found in the original. 'Something more than treasure' is translated as 寶藏之外的噩運 bǎozàng zhī wài de è'yùn -- 'bad luck besides treasure'.
Japanese
見知らぬ者よ 入るがよい
欲のむくいを 知るがよい
奪うばかりで 稼がぬものは
やがてはつけを 払うべし
おのれのものに あらざる宝
わが床下に 求める者よ
盗人よ 気をつけよ
宝のほかに 潜むものあり Mishiranu mono yo iru ga yoi
Yoku no mukui o shiru ga yoi
Ubau bakari de kaseganu mono wa
Yagate wa tsuke o harau beshi
Onore no mono ni arazaru takara
Waga yuka-shita ni motomeru mono yo
Nusutto yo ki o tsukeyo
Takara no hoka ni hisomu mono ari
The Japanese translation is less literal than the Chinese. The language is somewhat archaised, adding to the solemn effect.
'Take heed of what awaits the sin of greed': 欲のむくいを 知るがよい yoku no mukui o shiru ga yoi -- 'you should take heed of the retribution (recompense) of greed'. The language is simple and brief.
-- 'you should take heed of the retribution (recompense) of greed'. The language is simple and brief. 'For those who take, but do not earn': 奪うばかりで 稼がぬものは ubau bakari de kaseganu mono wa -- 'person(s) who only take and do not earn'. 'Those' is translated as もの mono , here meaning 'people'.
-- 'person(s) who only take and do not earn'. 'Those' is translated as , here meaning 'people'. 'Beware of finding more than treasure here': 宝のほかに 潜むものあり takara no hoka ni hisomu mono ari -- 'something other than treasure lurks'. By using the verb 潜む hisomu , 'to lurk', the translator indicates that something unpleasant is waiting.
Vietnamese
Khách lạ, mời vào, nhưng chú ý:
Hễ tham thì thâm.
Những ai hưởng mà không hiến,
Đến phiên thì trả gấp nhiều lần vay.
Vậy cho nên nếu khám phá được.
Dưới sàn, kho tàng không phải của mình.
Thì, quân trộm cắp, hãy coi chừng.
Cái mi lãnh đủ không phải kho tàng đâu .
For the three expressions above, the Vietnamese translation is as follows:
'Take heed of what awaits the sin of greed': chú ý: Hễ tham thì thâm . The expression hễ tham thì thâm is a Vietnamese idiom warning of the bad consequences of greed ( tham ).
. The expression is a Vietnamese idiom warning of the bad consequences of greed ( ). 'For those who take, but do not earn': Những ai hưởng mà không hiến . The translator uses a construction with ai (made plural by những ), meaning '(those) who'. Literally, the meaning is 'who take but do not earn'.
. The translator uses a construction with (made plural by ), meaning '(those) who'. Literally, the meaning is 'who take but do not earn'. 'Beware of finding more than treasure here': Cái mi lãnh đủ không phải kho tàng -- 'The thing you will suffer the consequences of is not buried treasure'. The suggestion of something ominous other than treasure is carried by the slang verb lãnh đủ 'suffer the consequences of'.
Mongolian (1)
Танихгүй хүн гуай та тавтай морил, гэхдээ
Хүний хурааж хуримтлуулсан мөнгийг
Хулгайлах нүгэлт сэтгэлдээ хөтлөгдвөл
Эдлээд дуусахгүй зовлон хүлээж буйг сануулъя.
Өөрийн чинь гарт хэзээ ч огт орохгүй
Өнгө өнгийн эрдэнэс газрын гүнд буй, гэхдээ
Эрдэмэс биш эрлэгийн элчтэй тэнд таарна
Хулгайч танд бид хатуу санууллаа шүү. Tanikhgüi khüŋ guai ta tavtai moril, gekhdee
Khünii khuraaj khurimtluulsaŋ möngiig
Khulgailakh nügelt setgeldee khötlögdvöl
Edleed duusakhgüi zovloŋ khüleej buig sanuuliya.
Ööriiŋ chin gart khezee ch ogt orokhgüi
Öng öngiiŋ erdenes gazriiŋ günd bui, gekhdee
Erdemes bish erlegiin elchtei tend taaran
Khulgaich tand bid khatuu sanuullaa shüü.
Mongolian (2)
Got an image you'd like to see in here first thing in the morning? Send it to tips@deadspin.com. Subject: Morning crap.
Remember last year, when Chad Ochocinco lined up outside a Kentucky Best Buy on Black Friday to land their copy of Rock Band 2? They were at it again this year, hitting a Best Buy, a furniture store, and a dollar store (which probably can't mark prices down that much, even on the day after Thanksgiving).
Ochocinco's rich. They could hire someone to go to the store at 2:30 in the morning, which is when this shot was taken. But then they never would have discovered the wonders of the Snuggie for himself. Yes, the Snuggie, the wearable blanket beloved by Midwestern housewives and Brooklyn hipsters alive.
And if you're worried about them losing sleep shopping in advance of today's intra-Ohio showdown, don't be: there's no one on the Browns who can cover them as well as the Snuggie can.
Look At This Snuggie, Only $5.00 [Twitpic]
•••••
It's Sunday. I'll have your athlete dong for you momentarily.
SALT LAKE CITY — The number killed by Saturday's earthquake in Ecuador and its aftershocks grew Monday night to 413. Counted among them are a local LDS Church leader, their wife and their youngest daughter.
A total of six members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints have died and five more are injured, according to a news release posted Monday on Mormon Newsroom's Ecuador page.
The release said a dozen LDS chapels sustained extensive damage in Saturday's major, 7.8-magnitude earthquake, which injured more than 2,000 people. Most of the 413 deaths were in and around the city of Portoviejo, NBC News reported.
Five of the six Latter-day Saints killed were members of the church's Portoviejo Stake, Monday's news release said. The release did not provide any other details about the deaths.
The sixth Mormon killed was a member of the faith's Manta Stake, where the release said five church members were injured.
A church spokesperson said Sunday that all of the church's hundreds of missionaries in Ecuador were safe and accounted for.
Monday's release said church officials and members are focused on providing physical and emotional support to the victims of the earthquake.
"This is the best time and opportunity to demonstrate the kind of Christians we are," an unnamed local church leader said in the release. "This is the moment of empathy, to share, to mourn our dead, comfort their families, care for and heal the wounded, wipe away tears and start rebuilding our city and our lives. This is the time to do what Jesus expects us to do."
The LDS Church's Area Presidency, based in Lima, Peru, is coordinating the efforts of the faith's Welfare Department and Helping Hands volunteer program with civil defense authorities to provide humanitarian aid.
The U.S. State Department said one American is dead and Canada's prime minister said two Canadians were killed, NBC News reported.
Rescue efforts are still underway even as Ecuador was still shaking on Monday, the Associated Press reported. Ecuador's Geophysics Institute said the country had experienced 230 aftershocks as of Sunday night, ranging in magnitude from 3.5 to 6.1.
Smokey Bear Vista Point in 1990, with Capitan Gap in the distance between the sign and Tahoe National Forest Fire Engine 731.
The Capitan Gap Fire was a 17,000 acres (69 km²) human-caused forest fire that broke out in the Capitan Mountains range within Lincoln National Forest, in Lincoln County, eastern New Mexico in 1950: beginning on May 4th.[1] It was named for Capitan Gap in the mountain range.
While a 24-man firefighting crew desperately dug firebreaks the wind shifted, and the fire jumped the line. The men buried themselves in the earth of a recent landslide, and survived the fire.
Smokey Bear [ edit ]
Also during the blaze, a bear cub who the men had previously seen ducking in and out of the forest survived the fire by climbing a tree and hanging onto the windward side with only singes and other survivable injuries. They were rescued by the firefighters and named Hotfoot, before filling the role of Smokey Bear.
Smokey Bear Vista Point overlooks some of the wildfire's site in Lincoln National Forest.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Story highlights Presidents Clinton and Obama had recognized June as Pride Month
The decision comes as a record 62% of Americans support same-sex marriage
Washington (CNN) President Donald Trump has broken with recent precedent by not recognizing June as LGBT Pride Month.
The decision marks an end to two of their predecessors' tradition of officially recognizing the month. President Bill Clinton first recognized it in 1999 in commemoration of the Stonewall Riots of late June 1969, which many point to as the start of the modern gay rights movement.
Clinton again recognized June as Pride Month in 2000, but the practice was paused under the George W. Bush administration. President Barack Obama picked it up again during their eight years in office, issuing June proclamations and hosting celebrations inside the White House.
The White House did not respond to a request for a comment. Although Trump did not recognize LGBT Pride Month, they proclaimed June as Great Outdoors Month, National Caribbean-American Heritage Month, African-American Music Appreciation Month, National Ocean Month and National Homeownership Month.
A spectre is haunting Europe. The memory of the 2005 national referendums rejecting the EU constitution has led political leaders to respond to the current crisis with emergency measures that don't require popular approval. But longer-term solutions demand democratic legitimation.
The commission president, José Manuel Barroso, has gone so far as to call for a federation of nation states. Germany's Guido Westerwelle, together with eight other foreign ministers, recently proposed fundamental reforms that might lead to a two-speed Europe – so long as a qualified majority of member states approved, their new treaty would bind them even if the other states do not go along. Such sweeping revisions can't be achieved without popular consent.
Direct democracy is a risky business. Europe should not repeat the organisational mistakes that contributed to the debacle of 2005. The constitutional convention then produced a 350-page text written in legalistic language that mystified ordinary voters. Worse still, nothing special was done to encourage citizens to deliberate seriously on the fateful choice before them. Little wonder that national debates were largely dominated by the petty politics of the moment.
This time around, Europe should follow the example of South Africa's successful three-stage experiment in constitutional creation. During the first stage, participants simply tried to hammer out a statement of basic principles. Only later did they follow through with a long legalistic text elaborating the new social contract. Finally, it was up to South Africa's constitutional court to confirm that the long-form legalisms conformed to the initial principles.
To put this sequence in European terms, the project should follow current treaties by organising a convention representing national and European parliaments, heads of state and governments, and the European commission. This body would focus on formulating readily comprehensible constitutional principles – which could then be revised by an intergovernmental conference.
This statement, for example, would set out the broad powers granted the union, but not a detailed list of competences; it would establish principles of representation in European bodies, but not elaborate voting rules. Following the recent proposal by the foreign ministers, it would also say how many EU members must ratify before the final treaty springs into operation between the consenting parties.
Phase one ends with each member state accepting or rejecting the statement of principles – by referendum or parliament, depending on the particular constitution. The straightforward character of the principles will be especially important in countries such as France (certainly) and Germany (probably) that will take the direct democracy route.
Nationalist opponents could no longer denounce an impenetrable treaty as part of a vast, Eurocratic conspiracy. Voters will confront their choices in no-nonsense terms. They may vote yes or no, but they are less likely to succumb to populist demagogy. The focus on principles will also help countries debate the need to amend their national constitutions (as may well be the case in Germany).
When referendums take place, citizens will also vote for national representatives to the second-stage convention that hammers out the final text. Since rival candidates will take different positions on the statement of principles, their debate will help voters better understand the basic issues raised by the referendum. If the citizenry votes yes, the popular selection of delegates will create another democratic link to the final document, further enhancing its legitimacy.
The second convention won't be free to abuse its popular mandate by departing from the fundamental principles. It will instead submit its work-product to a special court that will guarantee compliance. The president of the European court of justice should preside over a tribunal containing the presiding judge of the highest court of each of the member states. This tribunal would guarantee the conformity of the final text to the constitutional principles affirmed by the voters. This final judicial check should give the new constitutional treaty sufficient legitimacy to go into effect without another round of member-state ratifications. It will also reduce the risk of future legal challenges against the reconstructed EU before national courts.
Europe is facing a historic choice. Political leaders can't guarantee a successful outcome. But they have the high responsibility to design a system that will pose the key questions in a manner allowing a fruitful and deliberate democratic decision. Our three-stage procedure could come to a conclusion within a reasonable time and provide a strong democratic foundation for a union equipped to confront the challenges of the 21st century.
FOXBORO, MA - DECEMBER 06: Malcolm Jenkins #27 of the Philadelphia Eagles intercepts a pass intended for Danny Amendola #80 of the New England Patriots and returns it for a touchdown during the third quarter at Gillette Stadium on December 6, 2015 in Foxboro, Massachusetts. (Photo by Jim Rogash/Getty Images)
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — Perception sometimes isn't reality.
As the Eagles were reeling in a three-game losing streak, there was no discord in the Eagles' locker room. There was certainly frustration as they saw their season possibly spiral out of control.
But there was no back sniping going on. It's a team that showed signs of splintering—yet didn't. A major reason why was Chip Kelly.
“It was rewarding to beat (New England on Sunday), considering the amount of doubt and negativity that was surrounding our building the last three weeks and something we had to fight to ignore,” Eagles' veteran safety Malcolm Jenkins told CBSPhilly.com. “I think the message Chip gave us all week was that we are a good team. Chip reminded us who we are.
“He was showing us plays and showing us situations where we executed and made plays. They assured us we are a good football team—and they showed us why. We saw every guy on the team making huge plays, and if we could do this, nobody could beat us. It further sold the team on what Chip is teaching. Chip kept us together.”
From the outside looking in, the general belief was that there was discord inside the NovaCare Complex. People would like to have heard discord. People would like to believe that there was discord—and many wished there was discord among the players and coaches.
Why? Controversy sells.
“Exactly,” Jenkins said. “When I made the comments I made last week, people thought, ‘That was it, Chip lost the team.' That wasn't it at all. I spoke to Chip every single day last week and not once did the whole media stuff come up. They rely on me to be a leader. We both know how we feel, and how we're both dedicated to this game. We know what is going on in (the NovaCare Complex). There is a lot of noise, distraction and calamity outside this building. Inside, we just keep grinding. Everyone believes in each other. We know what is said outside this building doesn't have much truth to it and none of it really matters.”
Jenkins is as old school as it gets. Their father, Lee, was demanding and a major reason why Malcolm is in the NFL today. Lee would drive throughout their Piscataway, N.J. neighborhood picking up the area kids for youth football. Lee's drive translated to Malcolm.
Ever see Malcolm Jenkins at a summer football camp for kids? They have more fun than the kids do, running up and down the field, coaching them up and challenging the other NFL campers that their group is better than theirs.
He's relentless. Like Lee was. He's a player who throughout their life loved it when coaches would get after them for making a mistake—though how rare they were. That's how you learn.
“I've been one of Chip's biggest supporters since I've been here and I still am,” Jenkins said. “I'm honest in what I say. Personally, I like to be coached hard. If I'm doing something that's hurting the team that needs to be addressed, nothing will make me respond more than letting the team know where I'm hurting the team. I want that feedback. From everyone. That's all.
“That has nothing to do with the coaches. The players were messing this up. We looked at what we're doing and we were beating ourselves over the last three weeks. We know it. We're the ones that have to get it corrected. We all have to fix it together.”
Jenkins wants to win so badly that he's approached Kelly numerous times about playing wide receiver. They said they don't need to know the whole receiver tree, just dabble here and there.
Jenkins, a three-time state champion at Piscataway High School, was a dual threat as a wide receiver and defensive back before going to Ohio State, where they played cornerback.
“I want that chance,” said Jenkins, laughing. “I would love to play receiver. I'm always asking Chip. They just laughs. Maybe I helped myself with that (99-yard pick six). Just one or two plays. That's all I want. Hey, Tom Brady caught a pass. I'm faster than him.”
You are here: Home News / Ron Paul vs. Barack Obama…
Ron Paul vs. Barack Obama…
Like Like Love Haha Wow Sad Angry
(ThyBlackMan.com) Make no mistake about it. This election boils down to a contest between Ron Paul and Barack Obama. None of the other Republicans is different enough, or powerful enough, to entice the country to change horses in midstream. Yes, they sound different, but would any of them end the wars or stop the upward flow of wealth to a fewer and fewer few? Ron Paul would stop the wars, and as for reversing the increasing concentration of wealth, who knows, but they would move to radically alter our financial structure. And that is why they say they don't have a chance. But unless they nominate him, neither do the Republicans. . .
Herman Cain is gaining ground. But is they really anything more than Obama Light, or rather Right? Should Cain emerge the nominee, he's likely to be seen as a Michael Steele-like projection of the Republicans, a jumping on the bandwagon of inclusiveness to hide a real lack of inclusiveness. What about Texas Governor Rick Perry? He's the front runner and so they have become the target of all the others with devastating results.
Romney, the early front runner who usually turns out to be the pace horse, but who this time might win the nomination, is still just a pace horse. One can go all the way down the list. Only one candidate seems able to mount a serious challenge to this sitting president. Ron Paul. They have a massive base among the young and the very restless, many of whom don't have a job, something they had thought was guaranteed. Which brings us to the Wall Street protests which have morphed into a broad based Movement Against the Rich (MAR).
While the media has focused almost exclusively on the minutiae of the irrelevant, long winded, foolishly deadlocked debates in Washington, the people spontaneously developed their own forum, like people all around the world are doing. The people's forum is the place where people always first begin to organize, the street. The government is the projection of the street. The people stay out of the street as long as the government functions. When it stops, the street comes to life, as it is now. Where is it headed? Who will assume the leadership or be projected, even if only by default, into that role?
The president has thrown their hat into the ring declaring that the protesters were “giving voice to a more broad based frustration about how our financial system works.” Many Republicans have responded with charges of “class warfare.” But how likely is that to fly with the ever growing disparity between the haves and the no longer haves?
Ron Paul, though, has been cautious in their appraisal of the movement. They say he's not sure what they are after, but they certainly have the right to practice civil disobedience.  They are also quick to point out that they have long warned that current economic policies would bring about collapse, and that both parties helped shape them.
Not only does Ron Paul have a strong base with the young, they also have demonstrated great strength with “values voters,” and in a final showdown they may garner the lion's share of Tea Party ballots. Meanwhile, Obama's base amongst the youth is shrinking, and there is debate in the Black community about giving them unquestioning support. This may well dampen African American turnout on Election Day. However, given the policies, statements and behaviors of many Republicans, people of color, and others who feel beleaguered, are likely to remain firmly within the Democratic Party orbit.
No matter what the experts in the press would have us believe, Obama's only serious opponent is Ron Paul. Conditions on the ground, in the economy and the society may well result in a Ron Paul vs. Barack Obama contest. However, things are likely to remain up in the air as the Movement Against the Rich (MAR) continues searching for a leader. If either Obama or Ron Paul ends up in the saddle, the road to the White House in 2012 would seem to be clear.
Staff Writer; Arthur Lewin
This talented writer has also self published a book which is entitled; Africa Is Not A Country: It's A Continent.
Wrong form ID
прятать – to hide, conceal (imperfective)
Я прячу – I hide
(прячешь, прячет, прячем, прячете, прячут)
спрятать – hide (perfective)
спрятаться – hide oneself (perfective)
Кошка спряталась в одежде. – The cat hid in the clothes…
Do you remember any more verbs with the imperfective/perfective pair differing only in an C? ходить – сходить (to go) просить – спросить (request, ask) прятать – спрятать (to hide)
мечта – dream
мечты – dreams
мечтать – to dream
О чём ты там мечтаешь? – What are you dreaming about over there?
Я мечтаю о моей жизни в Москве!. – I'm dreaming about my life in Moscow!
Там есть двое, это я и ты. – There are two there, you and me.
там – there (на звезде – on the star is implied…)
двое – two, couple (here it's more like a couple, you and me…)
Я люблю Петербург! Там есть мосты, музеи, и красивая архитектура. – I love St. Petersburg. There you can find bridges, museums and beautiful architecture.
Note that people call Saint Petersburg either with the full name Санкт-Петербург, or with the short one Петербург, or just Питер.
музей – museum → музеи – museums герой – hero → герои – heroes
Холодно опять одной. – It's cold to be alone again.
The complete sentence here would be:
Мне холодно опять быть одной. – It's cold for me to be alone again.
опять – again
Идёт дождь. – It's raining.
Опять??? – Again???
одной – instrumental case of одна – alone
Мы разделены стеной. – We are separated by a wall.
разделить – divide, separate (perfective)
Нас разделили на 4 группы. – They divided us into 4 groups.
разделиться – to get divided, separated (perfective and reflexive verb)
Мы разделились на 4 группы. – We split in 4 groups.
стена – wall
стеной – instrumental case
стена – стеной (instrumental case) одна – одной (instrumental case)
Wrong form ID
Почему я прячу на звезде все послания тебе? – Why do I hide all the messages to you on a star?
послания – messages, letters
послать – to send (perfective)
Я пошлю тебе СМС. – I will send you an SMS.
A common synonym of послать is
отправить – to send (perfective)
Я отправлю тебе ссылку. – I will send you the link.
ссылка – link (hyperlink)
Remember, the indirect object is in dative case (to whom? – тебе) whereas the direct object (what? – СМС, ссылку) is in accusative case.
Гори, гори, моя звезда. – Shine, shine, my star.
гореть – shine
This verb in conjugated just like the usual говорить – to speak
(горю, горишь, горит, горим, горите, горят)
Note here that there is another popular song with the title “Гори, гори, моя звезда” interpreted by Anna German.
в душе моей твоя слеза – your tear is in my soul
душа – soul
в душе моей – in my soul (prepositional case)
We saw earlier в моей жизни – in my life (again prepositional case)
Гори сейчас и навсегда. – Shine now and forever.
навсегда – forever
Я приехал в Москву навсегда. – I came to Moscow (to live) forever.
Улицы, дожди, зонты – Streets, rains, umbrellas
We saw улицы earlier.
Улицы пусты. – The streets are empty.
дожди – rains
дождь – rain
Идёт/шёл дождь. – It's raining/was raining.
Идёт/шёл снег. – It's snowing/was snowing.
or…
Падает снег. – Snow is falling.
падать – drop, fall (Я падаю)
Выпасть – drop, fall (perfective)
Снег выпал вчера в Петербурге. – Snow fell yesterday in St. Petersburg.
зонт – umbrella
Возьми зонтик! – Take an umbrella!
зонтик – “little umbrella” diminutive form of зонт
just like…
дождик – “little rain” diminutive form of дождь
How can I not remember here the beautiful song “Я спросил у ясеня” – I asked the ash tree.
… долго дождик слёзы лил за моим окном. – For long rain was pouring tears outside my window.
You can listen to the above phrase in the song here.
We saw слеза – tear and above слёзы – tears.
Я опять одна, а ты… – I'm alone again, and you…
А here is used again for contrast.
Я тут одна страдаю, а ты где-то занимаешься своими делами, и тебя это не волнует. ~~ I'm here alone again suffering, and you are somewhere dealing with your stuff but this is not a problem for you.
Всё равно я прячу на звезде – No matter what, I hide on a star…
Всё равно – in any case, it doesn't matter, anyway
It's also close to несмотря ни на что – no matter what
Милая, я люблю тебя. Несмотря ни на что. – My honey, I love you. No matter what.
Все равно я тебя люблю. I love you no matter what/unconditionally.
Мы с Леной немножечко разные, но всё равно мы любим друг друга. – I and Lena are a little bit different but anyway we love each other.
немножечко is the diminutive form of…
немножко – a little bit which is again a variation of…
немного – a little bit
Yes, you know that already; Russians love diminutives.
всю любовь мою к тебе – all my love to you…
What do they hide? All love. That's the direct object and it will be in the accusative case:
всю любовь – accusative case of вся любовь – all love
К + Dative Case Remember that к takes dative case: любовь к тебе – love to (towards) you любовь к русскому языку – love to (towards) the Russian language Приходи ко мне! – Come to me (visit me)!
More Grammar Points
Difference between Давно and Долго When we want to say that long time has passed since something happened we use давно. For example: Мы давно не виделись. – We haven't seen each other for a long time! Мы давно не были в театре. – It's been a long time since we have been to the theatre. When we want to give emphasis to the duration of a process we use долго. For example: Мы по телефону долго говорили вчера. – We talked for a long time on the phone yesterday. Я долго здесь жду тебя. – I've been waiting here a long time for you. Earlier we saw the example: Мы давно знаем друг друга. – We've known each other for a long time. Here you might say the focus is the years we have known each other. However, we use давно because it's not about a lengthy process like a long call, meeting etc. We met each other a long time ago and since then we've been friends. And an example from Yakusheva's song we analysed in a previous article: Если б ты знал как долго я тебя сегодня ждала. – If you only knew how long I've been waiting for you today… The focus is on the duration of the action. She's been waiting for them the whole day…
Кука – The Film
Now that you've learned so many new things you can enjoy the film.
The film is set in St. Petersburg and follows the title character Kuka, a six-year-old girl who lives alone and is too independent for their age. Kuka is an orphan, who receives their Grandmother's pension and runs the house by herself; cooking, cleaning and doing the shopping. When their Grandmother dies, the girl, fearing that they will be taken away to the orphanage, keeps it a secret and lives alone in their Grandmother's house.
Wanna get a flavour of the film? Watch the trailer below:
Wanna see the whole film on YouTube? Make yourself a big pot of popcorn, sit comfortably, turn your Russian ear on and watch here.
I'm sorry I couldn't find the film with English subtitles… However, you can find some bits of the dialogues in Russian here.
Enjoy and thanks for reading!
Angelos
One of the biggest European retailer has just updated its website with the new Radeon R9 290.
Prices on PCComponentes are usually very accurate prior to the official announcements. R9 290 is listed for €349, this should convert into 400 US Dollars and £300.
Sapphire Radeon R9 290, which we've seen few days ago with a previous leak, looks exactly the same as 290X. Card is equipped with Hawaii PRO GPU with 2560 Stream Processors. Besides that we have 4GB GDDR5 memory and 512-bit interface. The R9 290 is a direct competitor to GeForce GTX 780 (the non-Ti and non-GHz version).
AMD Radeon R9 290 will be officially released in few hours.
Many thanks to Fábio Orlando for the tip!
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
EVGA preparing GeForce GTX 780 with 6GB RAM? Next Post
AMD Announces Radeon R9 290 for $399
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Sarah Kaufman will once again be able to showcase their considerable talents Saturday night in San Diego when they take on Strikeforce women's bantamweight champion, Ronda Rousey. Both women last fought in March on the same card that Ronda won their belt from Miesha Tate. Kaufman has only tasted defeat once, and is looking to regain their title. In a recent interview, Sarah discussed their feelings on the targeted marketing and promotion of Rousey, while coming close to excluding the other females in the women's division.
Stephie Daniels: With Ronda, many seem to think that their striking will be their weak spot, but do you feel they have any weak spots at all in their ground game, as well?
Sarah Kaufman: You know, I saw some really good things and some weaknesses in both their striking and in their grappling. Miesha definitely got some really good positions on Ronda. They aren't able to capitalize on those, but the fact that Miesha got those good positions, it's kind of an aspect we haven't really seen in Ronda's game before. You could tell in their last fight that there are things that they did really well and that she's comfortable with, and there were other things that they kind of shies away from.
Stephie Daniels: Do you feel that you hit harder than Miesha does, and therefore will have even more of an edge in the striking department?
Sarah Kaufman: I know that I hit harder than Miesha does, because I've been hit by them That's really not an insult to Miesha, but I know how they strike and how I strike. There's definitely a big difference there, in terms of the power and what's being put behind each strike. It's not really a big secret.
Ronda has said that they don't like getting hit in previous interviews, and you can tell that their style is pretty much anti-striking. I think that Ronda is a really tough competitor, and mentally, it would take a lot to break Ronda, and hopefully, I'm able to do that, and secure a knockout, if possible. I'm not disillusioned in my thinking. I don't think she's going to run away from getting hit. I think she's going to stick in there and try to do what they want to do, and even if they don't like it, she's still going to be there.
Stephie Daniels: When you went to do the Strikeforce promos, and they put you and Ronda in latex bodysuits, what did you think of that?
Sarah Kaufman: Not my favorite time, but I think the idea they were trying to come up with, I think it was kind of a superhero theme, ended up looking classy. Would I choose to wear that suit? No, absolutely not, because it was ridiculous, and really, really tight. They actually got me a size too small, so I was stuck in a suit that I couldn't fully move in. The boots were a big bonus. They had the laces up the front with the big platform heel...they're something I would wear on a regular basis, I think.
Stephie Daniels: With you in the white, and Ronda in the black, do you think they sort of set you up as the white knight vs. the dark night, or witch, or whatever you want to insert in the scenario?
Sarah Kaufman: A little bit. I think they were going for like a superhero, good vs. evil type thing. They kept saying, 'Ronda's a phenomenon. She's THE thing, and you're this other person who is just this other person, so we're gonna put them in black, and you're gonna wear white.' I was like, 'I want to wear black if I have to wear a weird, latex suit.' I definitely think it was good vs. evil or yin vs. yang, that opposites were coming in to fight each other.
Stephie Daniels: The women's division has never received as much publicity as it has since Ronda has become champion. With a win over her, do you feel your opportunity to shine the light on the women's division will be better, since she's sort of opened the door for everyone?
Sarah Kaufman: A win would definitely be a huge opening for me to get that extra recognition that I've been working really hard to get for the last six and a half years. With Zuffa now in charge of Strikeforce, and with me trying to step in, and hopefully getting that title, I think that I'll have that push from Zuffa, as well. It's a really positive thing for myself, but also for fans and women's MMA in general. We need to make sure that there's more than one person in the spotlight, because having only one person there, and solely relying on one person, you know it's MMA, and people lose and people win. You have to have the fans behind and knowing more than one person.
Stephie Daniels: The marketing of this fight, and this card in general, hasn't come anywhere near that of the March card. Do you feel that Zuffa is pushing this fight as hard as they were for Miesha and Ronda?
Sarah Kaufman: I think that it's a different fight. I don't think that there's as much hype from a certain standpoint of even pushing. They've definitely done a lot of Ronda Rousey pushing. With Dana White wearing the Ronda Rousey shirt from the ESPN magazine cover, that is a statement. The fact that they keep talking about Ronda Rousey, and seemingly forgetting who I am, even though I've met them multiple times, and I'm pretty sure they know who I am. It's the Ronda train, for sure. It would be nice to see it pushed from both sides, but they think that I'm the underdog. They think that I'm a scrub who's going to roll over and give Ronda my arm. I'm gonna come out there on August 18th and put my foot down. I'm not a mat to be walked on. I'm a legitimately ranked, world class fighter, and that's where I deserve to be, and how I should be treated.
Stephie Daniels: Miesha Tate has been focusing on trying to reinsert themselves in the title mix by drawing Ronda out with challenges for a rematch and Twitter wars. Do you feel that they are making a mistake with their attention seemingly focused ahead of their bout with Julie Kedzie?
Sarah Kaufman: I absolutely think that Miesha should be focused on Julie. If they think she's just going to walk in and wipe the mat with Julie, she's wrong. I think she's looked way too far past Julie. I'm very excited about that fight. I'm teammates with Julie, so I am biased, but I've fought Miesha and I've trained with Julie, and I honestly think that this is a great match-up for Julie. She's more than likely going to walk away with this win, and then Miesha will be pushed further down the ladder.
You can follow Sarah via their Twitter account, @MMASarah
Unprecedented two-week operation will see 500 tonnes of cargo travel by road and ship to Italian port by end of the year
Syria's chemical weapon arsenal is to be taken cross-country in Russian armoured trucks guarded by Syrian government troops and tracked by American satellite navigation equipment on its way to the Mediterranean coast.
The unprecedented and precarious two-week operation will take the cargo – 500 tonnes of chemical components of sarin and VX nerve agents and canisters of mustard gas – from 12 sites around the country to the port of Latakia, where they will be loaded onto Danish and Norwegian cargo ships.
China will provide surveillance cameras and ambulances on stand-by in case of any accidents, while Finland has offered to provide its own emergency response teams.
The ships will sail under Danish and Norwegian naval escort to an unnamed Italian port to be transferred to a US vessel, the Cape Ray, which will be carrying two chemical reactor chambers to neutralise the chemical weapons while at sea. On-board tankerswill store the by-products for later incineration.
The multinational plan was presented in The Hague yesterday by Ahmet Uzumcu, the director-general of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to the organisation's executive council, for a vote on Tuesday night.
Uzumcu warned that the ambitious timetable, by which the chemical weapons would be removed by the New Year and destroyed by the end of March, was in danger of slipping because of security concerns and bad weather. They also warned that heavy fighting around the Damascus-Homs road could also postpone the operation.
"For the transportation of chemicals from the storage sites to the port of Latakia, states parties have … provided or committed essential materials and equipment," Uzumcu said in a statement to the executive council. "Apart from supplying nearly 3,000 container drums of various capacities, the United States of America is providing GPS locators, loading, transportation, and decontamination equipment."
"The Russian Federation is providing large capacity and armoured trucks, water tanks, and other logistical supplies. It has also indicated the possibility of further monetary or material assistance, as well as security for cargo operations at the port and in Syrian territorial waters. China is providing surveillance cameras and 10 ambulances."
The Danish and Norwegian freighters will also serve in the next phase of the UN-mandated disarmament exercise, transporting less lethal precursors, used in the manufacture of chemical weapons, to commercial incinerators around the world for destruction. The whole process is due to be completed by the middle of next year.
Uzumcu said there was nearly €10m (£8.46m) in the fund established to pay for the disarmament operation, but that Japan had offered another $15m (£9.22), subject to parliamentary approval. Finland and South Korea have pledged a combined total of €750,000.
However, the total costs of the plan are likely to run to the tens of millions of pounds, and Uzumcu issued an urgent appeal for more donations.
In their address to the OPCW executive council, Uzumcu warned that the end-of-year target for removing the most lethal chemicals from Syria could be missed.
"At times, schedules have been disrupted by a combination of security concerns, clearance procedures in international transit and even inclement weather conditions," the Turkish diplomat said. The continuing heavy fighting in the Qalamoun and surrounding areas and the closure of a major arterial road between Damascus and Homs, pose risks to the timely execution of the operation. The possibility of some delays cannot be discounted."
Siege has ended, but battle over public lands rages on
Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
BURNS, Ore. — A year ago, this corner of rural Oregon became center stage in the drawn-out drama over public lands when armed militia leaders seized a national wildlife refuge, arguing that the government had too much control over land in the West.
Now that President Donald Trump is in office, people here and in other parts of the 11 states where 47 percent of the landmass is publicly owned are watching to see what they will do on everything related to public lands, from coal mining and cattle grazing to national monuments and parks. In Burns, some ranchers and others are feeling emboldened, hopeful that regulatory rollbacks by the federal government will return lands to private use and shore up a long-struggling economy.
But the change in administration has also spawned a countermovement of conservatives and corporate executives who are speaking up alongside environmentalists in defense of public lands and now worry about losing access to hunting grounds and customers who prize national parks and wildlife.
In Idaho, for example, a deal to put thousands of acres into private ownership — exactly the sort of transaction that the militia leader brothers, Ammon and Ryan Bundy, had espoused in seizing the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge — was met with fierce opposition, by no less than a group of conservative outdoorsmen.
The deal had been in the works for years and was backed by Republican elected officials, who said that adding new taxable private land would generate business activity and property tax revenue.
But the proposal, to the surprise of many people on both sides, hit a wall with people like Ray Anderson, a machine shop owner in the tiny community of Grangeville, Idaho, who raised money and helped a group of fellow outdoor enthusiasts kill the plan and boot out of office a county commissioner and state senator who had supported it. Anderson said they feared that Idaho County, rural and in need of cash, would encourage private owners to develop the lands or put up fences to keep out hunters and fishermen like him.
“I'm a business person and I'm a conservative, but nothing about the plan seemed to make sense,” Anderson said. “Where I grew up I was told that public lands will be public lands forever.”
In Montana, access to public lands for recreation shaped last fall's governor's race, with the incumbent, Gov. Steve Bullock, a Democrat, staking out a position in defense of public lands and portraying their Republican opponent as captive to private interests that would put up gates and fences. Bullock won.
In Utah a new fight over lands has energized the outdoor recreation industry.
This year, organizers behind a big outdoors trade show — held in Salt Lake City for the past 20 years — announced they would move the show in 2019 because of the opposition by the state and its congressional delegation to the creation of the 1.35 million-acre Bears Ears National Monument, endorsed by President Barack Obama in their final months in office. The convention's organizer, Outdoor Retailer, said in a joint statement with two trade groups representing hundreds of companies that they would seek a new location “that upholds our industry's core values around the importance of America's public lands.”
The outdoor outfitter Patagonia has made Bears Ears, about 300 miles southeast of Salt Lake City, part of a national advertising campaign, linking its brand to land rights with a series of videos and sponsorship messages on public television.
“We intend to keep the pressure on until we are confident public lands are protected,” said Rose Marcario, president and chief executive of Patagonia. “Patagonia and many other companies in the outdoor industry are not going to stand by and watch as elected officials denigrate our public lands. These lands are the backbone of our business,” they said in an email.
A conservative group in Utah called the Sutherland Institute has fired back with its own television ad, urging Trump and Congress to revoke or at least reduce the size of the new monument.
The ad features a series of children talking about what they want to be when they grow up — ranchers, doctors, teachers — underscoring a message that public land designations can bring economic harm, too. “When somebody takes away your land and livelihood, can you really be anything you want to be?” a little girl says into the camera.
Battles continue in court as well. Although Ammon Bundy, their brother Ryan and four of their followers were acquitted of all charges related to the occupation in October by a federal jury in Portland, they still face trial in Nevada this spring, along with their father, Cliven, on charges related to a standoff in 2014 at the Bundy Ranch.
Some scholars who study public lands said the new debates echoed the recent dynamic in Washington over health care reform. The long-held Republican promise by members of Congress from Utah and other Western states to reverse decades of federal lands ownership and restore control to states and counties — like the repeal of Obamacare — becomes harder to keep when the bills that would achieve that end are more than just symbolic statements.
And the possibility of a land reform victory for conservatives has in turn galvanized people who oppose the idea and had not taken it seriously before, said John Freemuth, a professor of public policy at Boise State University who specializes in Western land issues.
“There's just more and more alarm from people ranging the gamut from sportsmen to environmentalists and just ordinary folks who aren't that political but like their access, thinking that they could lose a lot if the states gained ownership,” they said.
But supporters of Bundy and their ideas have also felt energized in the past year as the election of Trump brought much of the anti-government rhetoric militia leaders preached into the mainstream.
Here in Harney County, where about three-fourths of the land is federally owned, jobs and economic growth have always been tied to industries like logging and cattle grazing, rather than the tourism that some public lands supporters hold out as an alternative pathway for struggling rural communities. The Bundys, their supporters said, made those connections clear — that getting back onto the land for older Western uses creates jobs — even if the legal means to getting there was murky.
The Trump administration has sent mixed signals about where its public lands policies might go, with expressions of support at times for recreational access but also moves to open more lands to industry, especially for coal exploration and production, and proposed budget cuts for federal agencies that manage those lands.
In Burns, the county seat with 2,800 people, a decline in timber cutting in the national forests hurt the economy and forest health too, said Brenda Smith, executive director of the High Desert Partnership, a nonprofit group that tries to bring together government agencies and local people over land disputes. Since the events at the Malheur Refuge and last fall's election, they said, it was a much tougher conversation.
People suspicious of government have stiffened in their resolve to say no, Smith said, even when they agree that an outcome could be positive for the community. “There are people who see collaboration as a threat,” they said.
Butch Eaton, a retired carpenter in Burns who stood with the occupiers at Malheur, said they felt more optimistic now, especially since the election, that the federal lands presence in Oregon and across the West was waning. “People are just tired of being told what to do all the time, and they're saying, ‘These are our lands.' I'm feeling more hopeful for my grandkids,” Eaton said.
The land itself, meanwhile, is undergoing a kind of healing. At Dan Nichols' ranch, about 20 miles from the refuge, rains pelted down on a recent afternoon as 500 pregnant cows prepared to give birth in the pastures outside their century-old farmhouse. The drought that has parched the area for years, said Nichols, a former Harney County commissioner, is abating.
The Nichols place depends on public lands, with about 95 percent of the grass that the cattle eat grown on federal rangeland, for which Nichols happily pays the grazing fees, they said. But even they draw the line at talk of expanded protections for the land, through wilderness or national monument designations that would restrict agriculture.
“Public land is supposed to be for multiple use,” they said. “That is all too often forgotten.”
70 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Ripstone Games, makers of Pure Chess (2012), are bringing their upcoming sequel Chess Ultra to PlayStationVR, Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. The classic chess game features a number of beautifully rendered environments that will finally make you feel like the rich and magnanimous Grandmaster you always knew you'd become—or a streetwise criminal who's broken into a closed museum to host underground chess games to the death. That last one sounds way more fun actually, but sadly not a part of the game.
Coming this spring, Chess Ultra will offer the discerning chess Wunderkind 10 different AI levels to battle against, a variety of finely crafted chess sets, and online play, something Ripstone promises will have “plenty of game modes to keep you and your friends entertained online.”
The developers are remaining tight-lipped on any specific features beyond the ones detailed above, but if the game's PS3/PC predecessor Pure Chess can give any clues, it's probably going to be packed with the standard smattering of chess puzzles, tournaments, and likely a robust tutorial to teach you all the ins-and-outs of the King's Game—not to mention environments spanning the usual offerings of posh penthouse apartments, English sitting rooms, and private libraries straight from Harry Potter. Although still unannounced, I'm personally hoping for online avatars, specifically one with a captain's hat and ascot so I can cosplay as the rich guy from Gilligan's Island (1964).
Ripstone producer Kelly Willoughby says in a PlayStation blogpost announcing the game, that the company still has “big surprises up our sleeves that we can't wait to shout about!”
The game is also coming to PS4, Xbox and PC via Steam. There's currently no official word on if the game will offer cross-platform multiplayer.
Holidaymaker has their eye pecked out by terrified seabird they were trying to save
When Michael Buckland tried to rescue an injured gannet after they spotted it struggling for life, they did not think they were putting themselves in any danger.
But the terrified bird responded by pecking at their face – before puncturing their right eyeball at least three times with its razor-sharp six-inch beak.
Mr Buckland, 38, had their left eyelid sliced in two in the frenzied attack during a caravanning holiday in Wales.
Agonising: Michael Buckland was trying to save a gannet when it attacked them and left them blind in one eye - the bird later died
Now the welder has been told by doctors they will never be able to see again through their right eye.
Mr Buckland was on holiday at Gower, South Wales, with their girlfriend when they spotted the seabird on a beach unable to walk or fly.
They scooped it under their arm to take it to higher ground, away from the incoming tide.
But the injured bird saw a family of four in the distance out walking with their dog. It was spooked by the small black terrier and lashed out at Mr Buckland.
Mr Buckland of Heath, Cardiff, said: ‘I tried to calm the terrified bird but it began to lash out at me by pecking my face.'
‘I was only trying to save it but it began attacking me in fright.
‘The bird was pecking my nose. I had a flap of skin on the top of my nose and a big gash across the top of my nose.
‘My eyelid was ripped off on my left eye. But if I didn't blink in time, I would have lost that eye as well.'
Idyllic beach: The attack happened on a beach in Gower, South Wales
They said: 'I put my right hand to my face and I felt there was a big hole where my eye was meant to be.
‘My eye was hanging out and I had to put it back in on the beach. I didn't feel it was there, until I felt it at the side.
‘It felt like somebody sticking a pin through the back of your eye and trying to prise it out.'
Terrified bird: The gannet began pecking at Michael's face in fear - and punctured their right eyeball at least three times (File picture)
After the attack, Mr Buckland, of Heath, Cardiff, staggered across the sand and tripped beside a rock pool, their face covered with blood.
The couple were forced to walk back along the beach for 45 minutes before reaching help at the caravan site.
Mr Buckland was taken to Singleton Hospital in Swansea, where they had emergency surgery.
A specialist eye surgeon carried out the operation, threading 11 stitches across Mr Buckland's eyeball. The movement of their eye was saved, but doctors were unable to save their sight.
Mr Buckland said: ‘All I can see through my bad eye now is a bright light - I can see bright colours and bright lights, but that's it.
Emergency care: Mr Buckland underwent surgery at Singleton Hospital in Swansea to try and save their sight
‘If I go outside now, it feels like a needle is going through it.'
They have been left with permanent scarring across their cheeks and the bridge of their nose by the attack three weeks ago.
They have been also been told they may never work again as a welder.
The couple later returned to the beach - to find the bird had died and its body was lying in the sand.
A spokesperson from the RSPB said: ‘This is an extremely rare, one-off event. If it is absolutely necessary to handle a wild animal, you should do so with extreme caution.
‘We would recommend that if you see an injured animal, you report it to the RSPCA.'
Democrats and Republicans can't even agree on the size of a stopgap measure to fund the government for one month — let alone until the end of the fiscal year on Sept 30. But they have just a handful of working days to bridge that impasse because, if they don't, the government will shut down on March 4.
While top Republican and Democratic staffers from both chambers negotiate longer-term federal spending legislation, House and Senate Democrats say that the government should continue to operate at current spending levels until April. Those levels, they point out, are already reduced to a level set by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell last year. And further across-the-board cuts would be too disruptive.
“Since this bill is intended to fund vital services like Social Security, our military and border security, it should have no legislation or riders tied to it,” said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid in a statement. “This bill will include the $41 billion in budget cuts that Democrats and Republicans agreed to in December, and will keep the government running for 30 days while both sides can negotiate a common-sense, long-term solution.
No way, say Republicans.“The American people spoke loud and clear: stop the Washington spending spree and bring down the debt. Yet Washington Democrats can't find a single dime of federal spending to cut, insisting on the status quo, even for a short-term spending bill. But keeping bloated spending levels in place and, predictably, proposing even more tax increases, is simply unacceptable,” McConnell said in a statement Tuesday. “Washington has to stop the spending increases and start shrinking the ruinous federal debt. That's the key to getting the economy back on track and creating the conditions that will lead to private-sector job growth.”
To translate, there are a bunch of paths to a government shutdown, and they're all fairly plausible.
First, 41-or-more Senate Republicans could link arms and block the one-month measure unless it contains further cuts. Even if Reid can break the filibuster, the House could reject it in favor of lower spending levels, which Senate Dems would then have to swallow or reject.
To complicate things further, Senate Dems have planned to begin debate on… a patent reform bill next week. The message they're sending is clear: we're not interested in a protracted fight over this stopgap, and if you pick one, the resulting shutdown will be your fault.
Daniel Hajas went blind five years ago, aged 17. He's adapted well, moving from Hungary to study at Sussex University in England. And while undertaking their degree he's made a proof-of-concept device that could help transform the lives of other visually impaired science students. Alongside sighted student David Turner, he's devised hardware and software for this audio-tactile graphics display. SOUNDBITE (English) DANIEL HAJAS (PRON: HY-ASH), BLIND PHYSICS STUDENT AT UNIVERSITY OF SUSSEX, SAYING: "We do have the tactile graphic display, which is the actual hardware supporting the multi modality display of images, but also it comes with a software which helps people to draw and animate graphics." Graphs, shapes, and diagrams are all translated by the machine using taxels - or tactile pixels. SOUNDBITE (English) DAVID TURNER, ASTROPHYSICS STUDENT AT UNIVERSITY OF SUSSEX, SAYING: "The tactile pixels are all connected to a servo, so each taxel has a servo each. The servo is a motor which will rotate though 180 degrees from nought to 180. So at zero degrees the taxel is fully lowered and at 180 it's fully raised and in this model at least they go between nought centimetres and one centimetre." SOUNDBITE (English) DANIEL HAJAS (PRON: HY-ASH), BLIND PHYSICS STUDENT AT UNIVERSITY OF SUSSEX, SAYING: "I put my hands on the device so I can basically more or less feel the whole surface, so that's what's what I would normally do just with my fingers when the taxels are closely packed. Of course, with my senses in my whole hand I could just feel which are the points that are raising up and just from there I could feel the pattern and I could easily visualise a graphical image, what's happening." The pair have also developed software that converts graphs into audio explanations. They're now working on improving the actuators and miniaturising their design. They say a commercially viable, inexpensive device could be launched within five years.
Collection GratefulDead
Set 1
Jack Straw
Peggy-O
Me And My Uncle ->
Big River
Loser
C C Rider
Althea ->
Let It Grow ->
Don't Ease Me In
Set 2
Shakedown Street ->
Samson And Delilah
Terrapin Station ->
Playing In The Band ->
Drums ->
Space** ->
Not Fade Away ->
Stella Blue ->
Sugar Magnolia
Encore
U.S. Blues**
Notes
Patch Info:
(FOB) Nakamichi 700 -> Cassetter Master -> Dat -> CD (shnid=17698) supplies:
Jack Straw (0:00 - 0:44)
Shakedown Street (0:00 - 1:56)
Playing In The Band (8:33 - 9:43)
Sugar Magnolia (8:37 - end of track)
Notes:
-- Set 2 is seamless
-- Drums and U.S. Blues with Ken Kesey on harmonica
-- This is a re-mastering of shnid=28299
-- I fixed the patches and swapped the channels
-- Thanks to Joe B. Jones for their help pitch correcting the patch source
Identifier gd1981-05-08.sbd.miller.95764.sbeok.flac16 Lineage Dat(Sony R500) -> SEK'D Prodif Plus -> Samplitude Professional v7.02 -> FLAC Location Uniondale, NY Run time 161:51.37 Source SBD -> Master Cassette -> Dat (44.1k) Transferred by Charlie Miller Type sound Venue Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum Year 1981
Team Fortress 2 servers have been overflowing with new players since the game went free to play recently. In the midst of all the chaos players have started receiving Refreshing Summer Coolers as random item drops. Unlike normal Mann Co. Supply Crates, these coolers can't be opened with a crate key. Their contents will remain a mystery until shortly before the crate expires at 11 PM July 11, when a mysterious summer something will happen, but what?
What could lie inside the Refreshing Summer Cooler, a refreshing summer beverage, perhaps? Could we see more buff potions similar to Scout Bonk drink? July 11 is a Monday. Will Valve throw another TF2 weekend event just before the coolers expire? It seems likely. Will special items be needed to unlock the coolers, and will they cost money? If so, how much? There are almost too many questions. What do you think will happen? You'll find the official description for the new item below.
Vikings quarterback Teddy Bridgewater will attempt to beat out Matt Cassel and Christian Ponder for the starting quarterback job this summer. And if the rookie doesn't, he's content with not playing on Week 1.
“It's not tough at all because I have nothing but my best interest for the team,” Bridgewater said. “And I'm very excited about this team that we have here. …If I'm not the guy then I know the coaches have the best interest for the team also. My teammates also have the best interest for the team. So in order for me to be a better player, I have to have the best interest for the team and want nothing but the best interest for the team.”
Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer said on Wednesday that Bridgewater will get their chance to play at some point but unsure whether it will be this year or next season. It all depends on how quickly Bridgewater, 21, can develop into what Zimmer, general manager Rick Spielman and offensive coordinator Norv Turner view as an NFL starting quarterback.
He's already making strides and Zimmer has been impressed by their ability so far while also noting Bridgewater has a long way to go. They already found out that the speed in the NFL is much different than the pace in college. Bridgewater said their biggest challenge with the speed has been anticipating throws. They said he's learning from Turner to trust their feet and throw on time when they see a window.
“In college, open was 10 feet,” Bridgewater said. “Now in the NFL, open can be just a couple of inches. So just being more decisive, anticipating throws more and I feel like I'm doing a great job learning from Matt and Christian.”
While the NFL is quicker, Bridgewater said he's managing the tempo with their breathing. They said they step back and takes a deep breath to remain composed.
“That's been helping me throughout this entire process of transitioning into the NFL to just controlling your breathing and slowing things down,” Bridgewater said. “Of course the NFL is much faster than it was in college but the guys are out here helping [me].”
Supernatural star Misha Collins has been busy job-hunting for presidential candidate Donald Trump — and they took the search a step further Wednesday by creating a LinkedIn profile for him.
“I see ur still job hunting (& debating),” Collins tweeted at Trump. “To streamline the search, I made u this handy profile.”
.@realDonaldTrump, I see ur still job hunting (& debating). To streamline the search, I made u this handy profile. https://t.co/jIJS4Mh0qk — Misha Collins (@mishacollins) September 16, 2015
.@realDonaldTrump, i can't over-emphasize what a bad fit Presidency is, but there're opportunities. Hope this helps! http://t.co/gjwMLcvUpn — Misha Collins (@mishacollins) September 16, 2015
The mock profile probably wouldn't garner too much interest though: “I was born rich!” faux-Trump boasts in the profile's summary. “No starting-at-the-bottom-and-working-your-way-up for me! I was smart enough just to have a rich dad and ride their coat tails.”
The rest of the profile follows a similar pattern, pointing out Trump's wealth (as well as “skills” including “saying ‘You're fired'” and “denying accusations”). “But, if there is one thing money can't buy, it is the confidence of the American people,” it reads under the position, Candidate for the Republican Presidential Nomination. “I'm going to try to buy it, anyway.”
Though the LinkedIn profile has been taken down, you can still catch most of it over at BeKnown. (And we checked with The CW. Collins really, really wrote it.)
RELATED VIDEO: EW's Sam Highfill on the potential of a shirtless car-wash scene on ‘Supernatural'
Related Stories
•Misha Collins thinks Donald Trump would make a great cat circus tour assistant
•Jack McBrayer parodies Donald Trump in ‘Conan' sketch
•Arnold Schwarzenegger to replace Donald Trump as ‘Celebrity Apprentice' host
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, and music.
Former Vice President Dick Cheney's three decades of heart trouble and five heart attacks have left them and their doctors with a very serious decision to make; is their externally-powered, state-of-the-art heart pump sufficient to keep their ticker ticking, or should the soon-to-be 70-year-old get a transplant.
In an interview with NBC News set to be aired Tuesday, Cheney says they haven't "made a decision yet."
They tout the battery-powered pump currently used to boost blood flow around their body as a "wondrous device. It's really a miracle of modern technology."
The Left Ventricular Assist Device is usually implanted as a stopgap measure to keep patients healthy until a heart transplant can be preformed.
"What's happened over time is the technology's gotten better and better and we've gotten more and more experience with people living with this technology. So I'll have to make a decision at some point whether or not I want to go for a transplant. But we haven't addressed that yet," Cheney says in the interview.
Their ongoing health problems have done little to soften the political mind of a Republican power-player.
Asked whether they still believed President Obama would fail to secure a second term in office, Cheney replied immediately, "I do."
"I think they embarked upon a course of action when they became president that did not have as much support as they thought it did," says Cheney, pointing to the bitter debate over Mr. Obama's health care reform law -- which House Republicans have vowed to try and repeal.
Republicans Target Health Care Repeal
President George W. Bush's right-hand man acknowledges marginal recent gains by Mr. Obama in national popularity polls, saying the current leader likely "learned a lesson or two" from their midterm election "shellacking," but "I think he'll be a one-term president."
When I cut the cable TV cord nearly eight years ago, juggling multiple remote controls was a necessity. At minimum, you needed one for your television and another for your game console or streaming box. I used a third remote for a home theater PC, so I could access video websites that weren't yet available as streaming-TV apps.
But over the past couple years, the need for multiple remotes has been slipping away, thanks to a decade-old HDMI feature called Consumer Electronics Control (HDMI-CEC). With this feature, streaming boxes such as Apple TV and Roku can control your television's power, volume, and input, making additional remotes unnecessary.
On the downside, support for HDMI-CEC can vary from one device to the next, and TV vendors have a way of making the feature hard to find. Read on as I untangle the HDMI-CEC situation, and what it means for your cord-cutting setup.
What is HDMI-CEC?
At a basic level, HDMI-CEC allows devices connected via HDMI to control your television or each other. The feature became part of HDMI 1.2a way back in 2005, and at the time was meant to control Blu-ray players or audio receivers through a single remote—such as the one that comes with your television.
In recent years, streaming devices have been flipping that use case around, taking control of your television so you can stow away the TV's remote. The first modern streaming device to really take advantage of HDMI-CEC was Google's Chromecast, which can automatically turn on your television and switch to the appropriate input after you've loaded up a video through your phone.
HDMI-CEC has been creeping into a greater number of streaming devices since then, including Roku players, Amazon Fire TV devices, Android TV devices (such as the Nvidia Shield and Xiaomi's Mi Box), and the fourth-generation Apple TV.
Turning on HDMI-CEC
If you haven't heard of HDMI-CEC, that's partly the fault of TV vendors, many of whom hide the feature behind their own marketing lingo.
Samsung, for instance, uses the term Anylink+ to denote HDMI-CEC features, while Sony uses Bravia Sync. Sharp uses Aquos Link, while LG uses Simplink. Panasonic calls it Viera Link. The nomenclature stems from the early days of HDMI-CEC, when vendors didn't have to make their versions interoperable with other companies' hardware. These days, the vast majority of HDMI-CEC-enabled devices work just fine with one another. (Kudos, then, to Vizio and TCL, who both use the term “CEC” in their menu systems.)
HDMI-CEC might not be so mysterious if TV vendors had stuck to the proper name.
To compound the problem, some TV vendors disable HDMI-CEC by default. This makes sense in some situations—for instance, if you have multiple input devices and don't want them turning the TV off when you put them to sleep—but it only adds confusion when you want to enable HDMI-CEC, but aren't sure what your TV maker has decided to call it.
As a result of these issues, HDMI-CEC hasn't gotten much love. TV makers rarely talk about it, nor do streaming-device makers, even as it becomes an increasingly important feature.
Which streaming box does HDMI-CEC best?
The other big problem for HDMI-CEC is that not every streaming box supports it to the same extent.
Although I criticized Apple TV in my last column, I give Apple credit for this much: The fourth-generation Apple TV has the most complete HDMI-CEC support of any media streamer on the market. When you press the home button, it powers up the TV and switches to the correct input. The remote control has volume buttons that control the sound on the television. And when you press and hold the home button, you can put the Apple TV to sleep and turn off the TV simultaneously. If the Apple TV is the only device in your living room, you might not need another remote handy.
The Apple TV's Siri remote includes volume buttons and can control your TV's power and input.
Recent Android TV boxes such as the Nvidia Shield and Xiaomi Mi Box are almost, but not quite, as useful. Both can power on the TV and switch inputs if necessary, and both include volume buttons on their remote controls. But instead of controlling the TV's volume, those buttons only adjust sound on the streaming box itself. That means you must set a maximum volume on the TV, then use the streaming-remote's buttons to turn things down. If you have any other devices connected to the TV, you'll still need a remote to manage volume.
Google's Chromecast behaves similarly, though your ability to adjust the sound depends on whether the app you're using includes its own volume controls. And with Chromecast, there's no way to force the device into standby, which means your TV will cycle through Google's image slideshows for a while until the device goes to sleep on its own.
Meanwhile, Amazon Fire TV devices and certain Roku players only support turning the TV on when you press a button on the remote. Roku, however, is adding volume controls with its next major operating system update, due out by the end of the year. If you have a Roku remote with a headphone jack, the volume controls will be able to adjust sound on the TV when there are no headphones plugged in.
Clearly, HDMI-CEC is not yet the perfect solution for streamlining your remote control needs, but it's moving in the right direction as streaming-box makers add more HDMI-CEC capabilities to their hardware. In the meantime, remote control minimalists will have to commit to universal remote setups like Pronto Peel or Logitech Harmony, or get an IR attachment like Sideclick to fill the void.
Sign up for Jared's Cord Cutter Weekly newsletter to get this column and other cord-cutting news, insights, and deals delivered to your inbox.
by Dawn Paley
Érika Ramírez, a journalist with Contralinea, is one of the people missing after yesterday's ambush attack
Two people were killed and at least another five are missing after a paramilitary group ambushed a human rights caravan yesterday in the southern Mexican state of Oaxaca.
Beatriz Cariño Trujillo, a coordinator of the Mexican Network of People Affected by Mining (REMA) and a member of the Center for Community Support Working Together (CACTUS), and Tyri Antero Jaakkola, a Finnish human rights observer, were killed yesterday when paramilitary group Union of Social Wellbeing of the Triqui Region (UBISORT) ambushed the caravan, which was traveling towards the municipality of San Juan Copala.
The whereabouts of as many as 22 other caravan participants, including local organizers and journalists are unknown. Five people, Érika Ramírez, David Cilia, David Venegas, Noé Bautista Jiménez and Daniel Arellano Chávez are confirmed missing. As many as 15 people may have been wounded in the attack.
The area where the ambush happened is known to be controlled by UBISORT, "a parmilitary organization that has strong links with the state government," said Daniel Arellano, who was wounded in the attack.
REMA issued a press release indicating that responsibility for the attack falls on all levels of government, including notorious Oaxaca governor Ulises Ruiz Ortiz and President Felipe Calderón Hinojosa.
The caravan was organized by Oaxacan Voices Building Autonomy and Liberty (VOCAL) and the Popular Assembly of Peoples of Oaxaca (APPO). According to a press release by the TDT-Network, "The human rights organizations were trying to enter San Juan Copala to support the local community, which has been without electricity, water, access to medication and basic services as a result of a blockade by an armed group."
UPDATE, April 30 - All of the hostages have been released and transfered to hospital.
Because of its size and diversity, Columbus State Community College can help guide community discussions of important issues, even those as sensitive as race and ethnicity, its president said today. "It has become clear that Columbus State has the opportunity - and the responsibility - to lead both by example and by action," President David Harrison said. To give central Ohioans what they described as a "safe place" to learn and talk about race, ethnicity and the underlying tensions related to both, Columbus State will host a series called Courageous Conversations starting next week, Harrison said.
Because of its size and diversity, Columbus State Community College can help guide community discussions of important issues, even those as sensitive as race and ethnicity, its president said today.
�It has become clear that Columbus State has the opportunity � and the responsibility � to lead both by example and by action,� President David Harrison said.
To give central Ohioans what they described as a �safe place� to learn and talk about race, ethnicity and the underlying tensions related to both, Columbus State will host a series called Courageous Conversations starting next week, Harrison said.
�We�re the community�s college, and we not only want to be in the community but about the community,� they said after a news conference at Columbus Downtown High School.
The decision to host a series of discussions stemmed partly from recent national tragedies, including the deaths of unarmed black men at the hands of police officers, most of them white, across the country, Harrison said.
Ferguson, Mo.; Staten Island, N.Y.; North Charleston, S.C.; Baltimore. All have witnessed escalating tension and, in many cases, violence after the deaths. In Ohio, a Cleveland police officer shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice in November, and a University of Cincinnati officer shot a driver over a missing front license plate in July. Both victims died.
Columbus State officials were equally inspired to tackle the tough conversations because of the school�s four-year effort to increase the success of its students of color and those who come from low-income families, Harrison said.
�President Obama reminded us that the perfect college is not just to transmit skills,� said Michael Flowers, Columbus State�s board chairperson. �It�s also to widen our horizons to make us better citizens, to help us make our way through the world.�
The goal of the events will be to encourage more central Ohioans to engage in open, honest and at times challenging conversations about civility and civil rights, said Kim Brazwell, special assistant to the president for diversity initiatives at Columbus State. �This is ambitious. This is a brave thing for us to take on.�
At each monthly meeting, participants will explore �the personal biases and systematic barriers� that have a negative impact on people�s lives, Brazwell said. Each will have a theme, such as myth busting, criminal justice, health and health care, employment, and education.
The events � on Sept. 30, Oct. 21, Nov. 18, Jan. 20 and Feb. 17 � will run from 6 to 8 p.m. at Downtown High School, 363 S. 4th St. All are free. On March 16, a daylong summit is planned for 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Columbus State.
The college also will hold two business roundtables, on Nov. 30 and Feb. 29. Both will run from 6 to 8 p.m. at Columbus State�s Dublin learning center, 6805 Bobcat Way.
Partners in the monthly events will include Ohio State University�s Kirwan Institute for the Study of Race and Ethnicity. Columbus State also has the support of the city and the Columbus school district.
Events designed to complement the discussions will be held throughout the academic year, Harrison said.
Though difficult, the conversations should be rewarding, said Napoleon Bell, executive director of the city�s Community Relations Committee. �It�s honest communications that lead to better understanding, respect and the realization we are all much more alike than different.�
epyle@dispatch.com
@EncarnitaPyle
LVIV, Ukraine (Reuters) - When Ukrainians toppled a pro-Russian president last year, nowhere was the euphoria greater than in Lviv, a short drive from the EU border, where people have dreamt for generations of escaping Moscow's orbit to join the West.
More than a year of war and economic collapse later, nowhere else has the disillusionment been felt more harshly.
“Everyone thought Ukraine would suddenly turn into Poland,” said mechanic Taras Yakubovsky, sitting by a cast-iron woodburner in their small garage, where work has dried up because customers can no longer afford car repairs. “But we've become more like Europe's Somalia.”
Part of the Austrian empire until World War I, this city of baroque churches and cobbled streets looks more like Mitteleuropa than the ex-Soviet Union, which it joined only after Red Army tanks rolled in and seized it from Poland in 1939.
Its residents, known for their fierce nationalist streak and pro-European outlook, traveled by busload to Kiev last year, forming the core of the “Maidan” movement on the capital's central square that toppled President Viktor Yanukovich after they rejected a free trade pact with the EU.
When that revolt was followed by war with pro-Russian separatists in the distant east, Lviv residents were among the most enthusiastic volunteers. The furthest major city in Ukraine from the war zone, it has suffered some of the highest per capita losses in a conflict that has killed more than 6,000 people.
But after a tough winter and with no sign of economic pain ending any time soon, support for the war is eroding, even here. According to a poll by research company GfK, over half of residents of western regions believe the government must avoid further bloodshed at any cost.
“We understand it's difficult times, but they're tossing away money on the war, and someone in Kiev will definitely be making some money off it too,” Yakubovsky said.
Donations to the war effort have dropped noticeably, said part-time volunteer Yuriy Yatnisa, 24, standing in an old military tent that serves as a makeshift center to collect money and food for the troops at the front.
“Everybody helps however they can, but it's hard - we get a lot less than last year. It's not just that they can't afford to give as much, it's also because people have become used to living in a country at war, it's a normal part of daily life now,” Yatnisa said.
MOST TO GAIN
Ukraine's western provinces have the most to gain from closer trade ties with Europe. Officials say lifting EU trade barriers could mean European firms opening factories here just inside the border, bringing jobs and investment, as they did in countries like Poland since the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Ukraine's population of 45 million is well educated and its labor is cheaper than in new EU countries nearby.
Some firms have already begun to find opportunities for increased trade with the EU. Yarych Confectionary, a Lviv cracker factory, announced in October it had begun making butter biscuits for Carrefour supermarkets to sell under their own name in Poland.
But so far, such benefits are still mostly hypothetical, while the damage brought by the war and economic crisis is real. The hryvnia national currency has collapsed, dragging down the value of the average monthly salary to just $150 per month.
In February, when the currency went into freefall, there was panic buying of basic foodstuffs. Some supermarkets in Lviv introduced short-term rationing after their shelves were emptied of flour and cooking oil.
Those who do business abroad have a hard time convincing customers that Western Ukraine is stable and far from the war zone, said Olena Linik, 29, who works for an American company that employs Ukrainians to design software in Lviv.
“We explained to our clients that from Lviv to east Ukraine, it's 1,000 kilometers - the same distance as from here to Venice,” they said. “But many companies are put off by the instability.”
They said a friend of theirs had lost their job creating logos, because the firm they worked for moved its business to Taiwan from Lviv.
Still, some in Western Ukraine see opportunities already arriving. The weak hryvnia helps a domestic tourist trade, with those who can no longer afford to travel abroad coming to visit Lviv's old churches and cafes, and ski western Ukraine's Carpathian mountains.
“A trip to Europe has become too expensive for many,” said Markiyan Malskyy of the European Business Association, a trade group for foreign companies operating in Ukraine which has an office in Lviv.
“Lviv especially is now considered to be Europe, but without a visa.”
Story highlights Facebook is about to completely change the way its profile pages look
Cashmore: I thrive on new things, but this change was radical even for me
Your profile will become a scrapbook documenting your entire life, all the way back to birth
Facebook users, mark my words: You'll revolt when the site rolls out its new features in the coming weeks.
Facebook is about to completely change the way its profile pages look as part of the website's biggest redesign so far, and only a fraction of the website's 800 million users seem to have the slightest clue.
I'm not talking about the new real-time "Ticker" at the top right of your Facebook profile. I'm not even talking about the "Top Stories" that now appear at the top of your Facebook news feed -- those are tiny, insignificant changes compared to what's just around the corner.
But boy, did some people react badly to even those minuscule improvements. Among my Facebook friends, more than half said they disliked the changes and some threatened to quit. Of course, they did no such thing. How will they react when Facebook throws away the old profiles and replaces them with something completely new?
If you use Facebook, chances are you're unaware of the major changes that are slated to begin rolling out by the end of this month (full disclosure: Mashable is one of several news organizations partnering with Facebook on a social news app). Only geeks like me are obsessed enough to have watched Facebook's 90-minute announcement of the new profile pages last week.
Users will eventually realize that Facebook has unleashed something remarkable, Pete Cashmore says.
And an even smaller percentage of Facebook users have discovered, like I did, that you can enable the new "Facebook Timeline" profile page right now so you're prepared for the launch.
So what's the big change? Facebook will be switching profile pages, perhaps optionally at first, to a new format called "Facebook Timeline." I switched my profile over last week and boy was it a shock -- I immediately wanted to switch it back to the old format. I'm someone who thrives on trying new things, but this change was radical even for me. Yet I could find no way to switch my profile back, so I stuck with it for a few days.
I'm so glad I did: Facebook Timeline is the best change Facebook has ever made.
JUST WATCHED Facebook unveils 'Timeline' feature Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Facebook unveils 'Timeline' feature 03:44
Here's what'll happen once the Timeline profiles are launched: Your Facebook profile will go from having one central column to two, with boxes of text, photos, videos and even maps of your favorite locations. Rather than just displaying your most recent activities, your profile will become a scrapbook documenting your entire life, all the way back to your birth. Facebook will become a record of your existence: All your memories, your victories and your defeats, your loves, your losses and everything in between.
JUST WATCHED Facebook apps go beyond 'like' feature Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Facebook apps go beyond 'like' feature 03:10
You'll be shocked, as I was, when this change is made. Suddenly your life is laid out before you, the highs and lows somehow pinpointed by Facebook's algorithms. You'll wonder why the status update box is so tiny now, and where all your most recent updates went.
You'll add a big, new "Cover photo" to your page and waste a few hours preening your Timeline, choosing to feature your happiest memories, hide the inconsequential ones, and lingering awhile on the most bittersweet of moments. And you'll realize, as I did, that Facebook knows you better than you know yourself.
Through this process, you'll realize that Facebook Timeline is much more than a way to post the minutiae of your existence. While a typical social networking profile might highlight what you ate this morning, or what time you left for work, or where you had lunch, Facebook Timeline takes these thousands of seemingly inconsequential events, discards the irrelevant ones, finds the most emotive, the most visual, the most striking and emotionally touching moments and pulls them into sharp focus.
Much like our memories, Facebook Timeline understands that some moments have resonance that lasts through the years. It's a marvel of computer programming: An algorithm that comes eerily close to emulating human memory; perhaps the first algorithm to spark such a deep emotional response.
So yes, you will hate the new Facebook profile when it launches in the coming weeks. Then, like me, you'll realize that Facebook has unleashed something so remarkable that you didn't even recognize it at first: A meaningful social network. And like any other groundbreaking technology -- the PC, the smartphone, the iPad -- you'll wonder why life wasn't always this way, and how you got by without it.
Next official WataMote manga update in just one week: 2016 June 16
The summer Tomoko spent at Kii-chan's was in the manga two years ago, but in current manga time that was just last summer, and we've just started the winter season of the same year.
A lot has happened in a short time. Tomoko learned to ride a bicycle, then came home and had fun at the beach with Yuu-chan and Komiyama (“like in those shitty S.O.L. anime”). After the next semester started, they went on a school trip and actually made some friends. While she's been doing their best to sabotage both Komiyama and Dicky-chan's chances with their brother, they experienced close contact with hot guys at the athletic meet. It's not Christmas yet, but we know that Tomoko for once is not going to spend Christmas alone, but will celebrate it with their friends from middle school at a small party.
Tomoko still has a whole semester to go after the winter break, although this period of time got skipped over pretty fast when the manga covered their first year in high school. The only thing that happened to Tomoko before graduation was getting the wrong reaction from the class after stepping on a cockroach. Tomoko's life has changed a lot in one year.
As many of you know, adoption of containers has skyrocketed over the last year or two. Thus far, containers have been used mostly by early adopters, yet over the next several years we can expect widespread enterprise adoption. In fact, I expect the rate of adoption to exceed that of cloud (IaaS services), or virtualization before that. While it took enterprises perhaps a decade to fully plan and implement their virtualization initiatives, we can expect many enterprises to have production container deployments within three to five years. I fear that many of these implementations will have serious problems. Worse still, container technologies, when misused, inherently force us to own bad solutions for far longer.
Bear in mind that I am definitely not calling enterprises out specifically for misuse of container technology. Dismissive sentiments like “and that's why we can't have nice things” are not what I'm after. Enterprise adoption merely amplifies, by virtue of scale, the effects of anti-patterns in any technology, and containers are no exception. I am also not here to make fun of Docker for being on the Gartner hype cycle and being just short of the peak of inflated expectations. Container technology is sufficiently mature to be useful today and runtime environments like Kubernetes or Mesosphere are well on their way to becoming widely usable. In a couple years, they may even be classified as “boring technology” so that nobody, even the late majority or laggards, would feel it risky to use any of this technology.
Rather, this post is simply about the horrifying realization that containerization opens up a whole new playing field for folks to abuse. Many technology professionals in the coming decades will bear the brunt of the mistakes people are making today in their use of containers. Worse, these mistakes will be even more long-lived, because containers — being portable artifacts independent of the runtime — can conceivably survive in the wild far longer than, say, a web application written using JSP, Struts 1.1 and running under Tomcat 3.
Here are a few antipatterns I see out in the wild as container adoption spreads.
Using containers without really understanding why
The reason that “Docker Docker Docker” is such a meme is because as with any new technology, there are large swaths of unqualified technology “professionals” ready and eager to rub it all over everything. For those of you who have been around the block a few times, you probably saw this during the rise of virtualization. I once had enterprise architecture hand down an edict saying that we needed to virtualize the whole data center. (“Including the VAX 11/780 and all the Novell NetWare servers?” I asked.) In fact, they initially convinced the capital budgeting folks to only provide IT a fraction of the requested budget “because you're going to virtualize everything at an 8:1 ratio like Gartner says, right?” I can only imagine there are equally clueless TOGAF-certified EAs running around today telling IT departments they must containerize everything, whether those workloads are appropriate for containerization or not. And EAs aren't the only ones to blame. There's no shortage of developers in startups insisting that Docker is the “future” and that it must be used for everything.
Blindly containerizing legacy applications
This brings me to the related anti-pattern of people who insist on jamming legacy applications into containers. This makes no sense. Containers are designed for per-process isolation, ergo, one process per container. Containers aren't going to be particularly useful for running Oracle 12c or SAP HANA that have a million processes. You could containerize them, but why? If a service is not something you'll be ripping and replacing frequently, there's really no point.
I also see container technologies being used to keep legacy applications alive forever, which is even more terrifying. In the past, hardware refresh cycles or operating system EOL deadlines could serve as forcing functions to get rid of, say, that legacy PHP 3 application. Now, IT departments will have absolutely no incentive to do so when they can just “containerize the legacy”. We can therefore expect to still be running today's applications, inside containers, in 2050 or beyond.
Ignoring devops principles
Back when I worked in operations, it was common for software developers to throw artifacts like JAR or WAR files over the wall for us to run. While terrible, at least the blast radius was reasonably predictable. Any senior application administrator could sandbox the application to constrain what it could do, and when things went wrong, there were standard ways of figuring out what the nature of the problem was.
In a containerized world, however, it gets way worse for teams that haven't adopted devops practices. Now, these application teams aren't just throwing Java bytecode over the wall; they're throwing entire machine images. Think of all the things that can go wrong on a Linux system and how much maintenance needs to be done to keep it running smoothly, like security patching, rebooting, performance tuning, and so on. Now apply all that work to a microservices world, where you could have tens or hundreds of thousands of containers — which are really full-blown Linux systems — running in production. Keeping the lights on will become a nightmare without good cooperation and shared responsibility between dev and ops. Sadly, I see many container initiatives being driven primarily by application teams who have sold containers to the business as a value delivery accelerator, and then forcing operations teams to own it. This will come down crashing on both groups when production failures occur.
Lack of standard quality assurance principles
One major gap in the container world is a standard workflow for verifying correctness of the images that one is building. In fact, since the premise is that any developer can build an image on his/her workstation and push it to a registry, or worse, right to a runtime, the workflow by definition doesn't have any quality gates. How are enterprises to know that the image functions correctly? Or is compliant, or secure? Or that it will continue to be that way even if changes are made? Until container adopters realize that everything they learned about ensuring safety in the delivery of software products doesn't get thrown away in a container universe, we can expect a lot of buggies, insecure applications being deployed to production or pushed to the Docker Hub where, like a virus, they will get used by others. (Oops, that's already happened.)
Giant container images containing all of userland
By default, most containers provide a full Linux system, with all of /bin , /usr , and so on. Too few people build base images, or start container builds from scratch (literally FROM scratch in Docker). It's too easy to write FROM ubuntu:14.04 and go from there. Now you're responsible for all of Linux again even though you're running one process in it.
Unfortunately, I believe that the “large attack surface” is a fundamental design problem with containers being an evolutionary, not a revolutionary step from VMs and bare metal. Container technology has been so successful purely in its ability to efficiently de-duplicate and package an entire Linux userland in a portable, run-anywhere image. But the application process still believes it is running inside a full multi-user Linux OS, with all of the kernel's syscalls available to it, a full TCP/IP network stack, and so on. This makes no sense. Why should my asupervisorstioned microservice need to run in an environment where the 1800 utilities in /bin are available to it?
There are compensating measures (like the from-scratch builds I mentioned above) but I believe that this fundamental design flaw will lead to unikernels disrupting containers. Unikernels truly are revolutionary by sharing little heritage with today's multiuser Linux OS. Yet unikernels have the potential to provide exactly the same runtime efficiency benefits as containers, and better, by running individual processes as close to the hardware as possible. Unikernels are also restrictive enough that they will prevent users from making the same kinds of mistakes they are currently making with container adoption, though I'm sure users will find other horrible ways to abuse them.
Unikernels today lack the polish and great user experience of containers. In fact, they have a long way to go to be usable by nearly anyone other than academic researchers. Eventually, though, some entrepreneur will build their next PaaS based on emerging unikernel technology (i.e. build the dotCloud of unikernels) and they will catch fire. Until then, we'll need to let the boom-bust cycle of container technology run its course.
Conclusions
The cynic in me says that technology adoption lifecycle actually goes something like this:
Innovators invent a technology to solve a particular use case. In the case of Docker, dotCloud married LXC with a deployable artifact in order to run a PaaS and thus containers were born.
invent a technology to solve a particular use case. In the case of Docker, dotCloud married LXC with a deployable artifact in order to run a PaaS and thus containers were born. Early adopters evangelize and use it because it's so much better than what is out there. The use cases are fairly congruent with the innovators.
evangelize and use it because it's so much better than what is out there. The use cases are fairly congruent with the innovators. The early majority comes along and half the time uses the technology well, and half the time uses it poorly. In either case, these folks extend the technology into other use cases, for better or worse.
comes along and half the time uses the technology well, and half the time uses it poorly. In either case, these folks extend the technology into other use cases, for better or worse. The late majority copy both patterns and anti-patterns established by the early majority. The ratio of good to bad solutions stays roughly the same, but there are just more of each.
copy both patterns and anti-patterns established by the early majority. The ratio of good to bad solutions stays roughly the same, but there are just more of each. The laggards end up owning whatever solutions everyone else came up with, good or bad. 🙂 Everyone else in the adoption cycle has moved onto other things by then.
Technologies last a very long time. Mikey Dickerson of the U.S. Digital Service spoke recently about how Medicare still primarily runs on 7000 COBOL jobs written piecemeal over the last 30 years. Nobody has a complete map of the dependencies between these jobs, or where to even start replacing them. Because patterns are so commonly copied, it's important that for future generations, we try to minimize the bad solutions and make more good ones.
Sadly, technology hype creates a reality distortion field that stops people from clearly assessing whether their use of that technology is a) appropriate and b) architected well. This leads me to believe that people will eventually abandon containerization and flock to something like unikernels. This won't be because the technology is better, which it is, but simply because unikernels will be a new way of leaving behind poorly-architected container solutions, much as containers today are often seen as a way to leave behind all that “old legacy crap” that no forward-thinking developer wants to touch.
What influence did Ralph Miliband have on their sons?
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. By Michael Crick
Newsnight political editor
Their remains rest under the watchful eye of Karl Marx. In a corner of Highgate cemetery in north London, 12 yards or so from Marx's famous statue and tomb, lies a small square stone. "Writer Teacher Socialist" reads the simple inscription. Ralph Miliband was one of Britain's foremost political theoreticians, an academic of world renown. And they were proud to proclaim themselves a Marxist. David and Ed were encouraged to debate from an early age They died in 1994, a few weeks before Tony Blair took over the Labour Party. By then they could see, with great unease, both their sons embarking on careers within what soon become known as New Labour - David advising Tony Blair, and Ed in the other camp, working for Gordon Brown. Ralph Miliband was not a Marxist in the Marxist-Leninist sense. They were no fan of the Soviet dictatorships and one-party states. Nor did they believe in violent revolution to overthrow capitalism. In crude terms they were neither a Stalinist nor a Trot. Yet they were deeply sceptical about whether Parliament would ever do much to emancipate the working class. Miliband was convinced instead that progress would depend on activity outside Parliament, through trade unions and other protest groups liberating themselves through radical activity. 'Empty waffle' Working closely with other academics, Miliband was a leading figure in what became known as the New Left. They co-edited the annual journal Socialist Register. But, although Miliband briefly belonged to Labour in the 1950s (and even addressed its conference in 1955), they had little respect for the party which one of their sons is about to lead. Labour, they thought, would always give in to international capital, and enslave itself to US foreign policy. I must admit Ed amazed me by being able to do the Rubik's Cube... in one minute 20 seconds and, as I recall, just with one hand too
Robin Blackburn
Friend of Ralph Miliband Their friend, writer Tariq Ali, recalls one conversation they had with Ralph about the brothers' involvement in the party. "I remember one occasion when Ralph rang me up and said, 'By the way did you listen to that speech Neil Kinnock made yesterday?' And I said I did. "He said, 'What did you think of it?' I said 'Just empty waffle - real nonsense, Ralph.' And they burst out laughing. They said, 'I think young David wrote that speech!'" Ralph Miliband was a Jewish refugee from the Holocaust. Originally born in Poland, they were living in Belgium when the Nazis invaded in 1940, and they and their father Sam escaped on the last boat from Ostend. In England they studied at the London School of Economics (LSE), and soon got an academic job there under their mentor Harold Laski, a Marxist who served as Labour Party chairperson just after the war. In 1965, the year David was born, Ralph Miliband bought a house in Edis Street in London's Primrose Hill, not far from Euston station. David Miliband still lives in the house today. Edis Street became one of the great London meeting places for Marxists and socialists from around the world. The family's basement dining room was open house, and the scene of high-minded and often heated discussions between major figures on the Left. "The key thing about the Miliband household was this belief in argument and debate as the way to arrive at the truth - or to search for the truth," recalls socialist and friend of Ralph, Hilary Wainwright. Relishing debate The boys were immersed in all this, and began contributing from a precociously early age. "[They were] very, very fresh lively, intelligent and I must admit Ed amazed me by being able to do the Rubik's Cube... in one minute 20 seconds and, as I recall, just with one hand too," remembers socialist academic Robin Blackburn, another close friend of Ralph's. Marion [their mother] has a crusading spirit - a really campaigning spirit - they are someone who will always be involved in issues - international political issues or local political issues
Dr Marc Stears
Oxford University And yet it's hard to pinpoint exactly what the boys inherited from their dad - apart from a love of politics, a relish for debate, good contacts and a shared commitment to electoral reform. In fact, several people who know the family reckon that their mother, Marion Kozak - who still uses their maiden name - was a bigger influence on their development than Ralph. "Marion has a crusading spirit - a really campaigning spirit.  They are someone who will always be involved in issues - international political issues or local political issues," says Dr Marc Stears, politics fellow at the University of Oxford. "And that energy really was infectious, and there's no doubt that Ed got a lot of their drive from Marion and a lot of their feel for nitty-gritty grassroots politics from Marion too." They too escaped the Holocaust and met Ralph while a student of theirs at the LSE. The Miliband family remains close An early activist in CND, Marion has campaigned locally for nursery schools, and for human rights overseas, and is a leading member of the Jews for Justice for Palestinians group. But unlike Ralph they still belong to the Labour Party, though she, too, is well to the left of David or Ed. Them friends say the contest between the boys this summer has been a huge "strain" for Marion. They have even told people it would have been much easier had they simply become academics rather than politicians. It's an astonishing situation. Miliband is a rare name in Britain, and the only two men with it are competing for the leadership of the same party. 'Not Milibandites' Robin Blackburn believes their father would have been pleased by what their sons have achieved - and yet horrified at the same time. "On the one hand I think they would have been very proud and amazed - on the other hand I think they would have been appalled by the politics of Labour, and it should be said even the politics of this Labour leadership contest at the moment, which seems to be completely bereft of ideas or direction," they say. In a lifetime teaching at the LSE, at Leeds University and in America, Ralph Miliband built up a loyal following of former students who were inspired by their teaching. Yet Mr Blackburn says, with some irony, that neither son can be classed as a Milibandite. And one can't help suspecting that in Highgate Cemetery this weekend, around 5pm when the leadership result is declared, a small bit of soil will be quietly disturbed. Watch Michael Crick's film on Ralph Miliband and their sons on Thursday, 23 September 2010 at 2230 BST on BBC Two, then afterwards on the Newsnight website.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After previous attacks on Github, Google, Yahoo and Microsoft, the Chinese authorities are now staging a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack on Apple's iCloud.
We have posted previously about MITM attacks on Google and Github and broke the news about the recent attack on Yahoo. Refer to the appendix at the end of this post to see technical evidence of the attack.
This case is different, however, for a few of reasons.
Wikipedia defines a man-in-the-middle-attack in the following way:
The man-in-the-middle attack...is a form of active eavesdropping in which the attacker makes independent connections with the victims and relays messages between them, making them believe that they are talking directly to each other over a private connection, when in fact the entire conversation is controlled by the attacker.
This is clearly a malicious attack on Apple in an effort to gain access to usernames and passwords and consequently all data stored on iCloud such as iMessages, photos, contacts, etc. Unlike the recent attack on Google, this attack is nationwide and coincides with the launch today in China of the newest iPhone. While the attacks on Google and Yahoo enabled the authorities to snoop on what information Chinese were accessing on those two platforms, the Apple attack is different. If users ignored the security warning and clicked through to the Apple site and entered their username and password, this information has now been compromised by the Chinese authorities. Many Apple customers use iCloud to store their personal information, including iMessages, photos and contacts. This may also somehow be related again to images and videos of the Hong Kong protests being shared on the mainland.
What should users do to counteract this attack? Internet users in China should first use a trusted browser on their desktops and mobile devices - Firefox and Chrome will both prevent users from accessing iCloud.com when they are trying to access a site that is suffering from a MITM attack. Qihoo's popular Chinese 360 secure browser is anything but will load the MITMed page directly.
If users have ignored the security warnings, they should find an undisrupted connection to iCloud.com. This can be accomplished by using a VPN or by finding a different internet access point because the GFW's MITM is not that stable. They should also enable two-step verification for their iCloud accounts. This will protect iCloud accounts from attackers even if the account password is compromised.
This latest MITM attack may be related to the increased security aspects of Apple's new iPhone. When details of the new iPhone were announced, we felt that perhaps that the Chinese authorities would not allow the phone to be sold on the mainland. Ironically, Apple increased the encryption aspects on the phone allegedly to prevent snooping from the NSA. However, this increased encryption would also prevent the Chinese authorities from snooping on Apple user data. It is unclear if Apple made changes to the iPhones they are selling in mainland China. However, this MITM attack may indicate that there is at least some conflict between the Chinese authorities and Apple over some of the features on the new phone.
This attack will come as a surprise to Apple. In the past, the company has had a bromance with the authorities and have blindly acquiesced when asked to remove apps from the China app store. With such a close, cozy and snuggly relationship, it is hard to imagine that the executives at Apple felt that they would get this kind of treatment in China. Tim Cook is looking in their mirror now and crying “What did I do wrong?”.
This episode should provide a clear warning signal to foreign companies that work with the Chinese authorities on their censorship agenda. Working with the authorities to help them prevent free access to news and information is not a guaranteed path to riches in China. If anything, cooperation with the Chinese authorities can now increasingly be labeled as the worst decision a foreign company can make. Not only will the authorities bite you in the ass, but your willingness to work with the censorship regime will lose you customers and fans worldwide.
We have reached out to Apple for comment and will update this post if they reply.
Technical evidence of attacks against iCloud.com (Apple) and login.live.com (Microsoft)
iCloud
The GFW (Great Firewall of China) is now wiretapping Apple's iCloud. GFW implemented a MITM attack on iCloud using a self-signed certificate.
The authorities only attacked IP 23.59.94.46. Not all users in China are affected because the iCloud DNS might return different IP addresses.
Wirecapture with MITM: https://www.cloudshark.org/captures/03a6b0593436
Self-signed certificate used in the attack: http://www.mediafire.com/download/ampbnqncc277krv/fakeicloudcert.zip
Connection log: http://pastebin.com/tN7kbDV3
Traceroute: http://pastebin.com/8Y6ZwfzG
Hotmail MITM
Wirecap: https://www.cloudshark.org/captures/6011389a8ea3
TCP Traceroute: https://twitter.com/siyanmao/status/518963824481681408
The retaliatory attacks by pro-WikiLeaks activists are growing in strength as hackers add botnets and thousands of people download an open-source attack tool, security researchers said today.
In recent days, distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks have been launched against several sites, including those belonging to Amazon, MasterCard, PayPal and the Swiss payment transaction firm PostFinance, after each terminated WikiLeaks accounts or pulled the plug on services.
As of Thursday, WikiLeaks had posted the full text of more than 1,200 leaked U.S. State Department cables from its trove of over 250,000 messages.
Most of those participating in the attacks are using the LOIC (Low Orbit Ion Cannon) DDoS tool, said researchers with Imperva and Sophos.
The open-source tool, which is sometimes classified as a legitimate network- and firewall-stress testing utility, is being downloaded at the rate of about 1,000 copies per hour, said Tal Be'ery, the Web research team lead at Imperva's Application Defense Center.
"Downloads have soared in the last two days," said Be'ery in an interview. As of 4 p.m. ET, more than 44,000 copies of LOIC had been downloaded from GitHub.
LOIC has become the DDoS tool of choice in the pro-WikiLeaks attacks because users can synchronize their copies with a master command-and-control server, which then coordinates and amplifies the attacks.
"If I download [LOIC] and voluntarily set the server information, the command-and-control server can control my copy of LOIC," said Be'ery. "The command-and-control server can then sync the attack, which makes it much more powerful because the DDoS attacks are occurring at the same time and hitting the same target."
Some will still want manually control LOIC, Be'ery said, calling those people "old school guys." But even then, the attacks are being coordinated.
"They're just syncing their attacks to the announcements made on Twitter and IRC (Internet Relay Chat)," Be'ery said, referring to the messages posted by several hacker groups, including Anonymous, which has been in the forefront of what's called "Operation Payback."
In a new step in the campaigns, botnets -- armies of already-compromised computers that hackers control remotely -- are now being recruited for the DDoS attacks, said Beth Jones, a senior threat researcher with Sophos. "Until now, the attacks have been done by volunteers who download LOIC," said Jones. "But now more groups are joining in with their botnets."
Be'ery said that Imperva had seen IRC chatter of at least one 100,000-PC botnet being thrown into the attacks.
"Operators of these attacks have repeatedly asked on IRC if someone can donate botnets," said Be'ery. "It looks like they feel the need for some more horsepower."
The fact that the organizers of Operation Payback are soliciting more firepower is a clue that they're not able to match the defenses erected by the sites they've targeted, said Be'ery. "They're having a bit of a problem. PayPal and others are doing good work to keep their sites alive, so they're after more machines and telling people [participating in the DDoS attacks] to do what they're told and focus on the targeted sites."
There seems to be something to Be'ery's point.
An attack launched earlier Thursday against Amazon.com by Anonymous appears to have fallen flat; the group then dropped Amazon and instead directed its PCs and followers to again hammer a PayPal URL.
But for all the problems that Operation Payback's having, Be'ery doesn't believe the DDoS attacks have peaked. "There doesn't seem to be any decay in the download rate of LOIC," they noted. "I really don't think things will change unless one of the attacked companies tries to take down the main command-and-control server."
There is only one such server currently coordinating the attacks, they added, but the organizers claim that they have a backup on stand-by. "But if the main server falls, it will certainly give them some trouble regrouping," said Be'ery.
Jones of Sophos saw a different end game.
"What's really surprising is that so many people are willing to put themselves on the line legally," they said, pointing out that using a tool like LOIC to attack a site is illegal in most jurisdictions, including the United States.
"A more firm legal response may be helpful," Be'ery agreed. "I'm not even sure that everyone understands that what they're doing is illegal."
On Wednesday, Dutch police arrested a 16-year-old in The Hague for allegedly participating in the attacks against Visa, MasterCard and PayPal. The teen is to be arraigned in Rotterdam on Friday.
"The penny will drop when some of these guys are arrested," predicted Be'ery.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed . Their e-mail address is gkeizer@computerworld.com.
(UPDATES throughout)
By Paul Kilby
NEW YORK, June 30 (IFR) - The Republic of Argentina announced a two-part US dollar bond sale on Thursday, just three months after its historic return to the international capital markets.
The country is looking to raise funds to take out expensive GDP warrants, but the timing has caused a bit of a stir after it said it would hold off from further issuance in 2016.
Argentina was locked out of the markets for a decade and a half due to default, but sold US$16.5bn across three, five, 10 and 30-year tranches in April - while saying it was done for the year.
“It is a big deal because credibility matters,” said Sean Newman, senior portfolio manager at Invesco. “This is under the guise of a liability management transaction, and there is not a lot of transparency.”
Proceeds from the deal, which is expected to be US$2.5bn-$3bn in size, are slated to fund the buyback of GDP warrants - a transaction that the finance ministry says could save the country some US$9.4bn.
“It is a noble idea in the sense you are not issuing net new debt, but it contradicts their very bold statements about not placing new paper in the market,” said Alejo Czerwonko, emerging markets economist in the chief investment office at UBS Wealth Management.
“That may not resonate too positively with the investment community.”
Even so, order books were building steadily, reaching around US$6.75bn by early afternoon after leads released initial price thoughts of 6.75% area on a 12-year tranche and 7.25% area on a 20-year.
Despite the buyside grumblings, Argentina's about-face may make little difference for investors who have renewed their hunt for yield as loose monetary policy across the developed world pushes rates ever lower.
“Post-Brexit, folks will look to other regions in the world for yield,” Steven Azarbad, chief investment officer at Maglan Capital, told IFR.
“I think we will see greater appetite from investors.”
Still, leads seemingly preferred to be cautious, refraining from excessive tightening to guide the 12-year at 6.625%-6.75% and the 20-year at 7.125%-7.25%.
Even at the tight end of those levels, pricing still offers a nice pick-up over the sovereign curve, where the existing 2026s and 2046s had been trading at around 6.15% and 7%, respectively.
Investors will also likely find some value in switching out of bonds trading at relatively high dollar prices into a new issue coming closer to par.
“I suspect investors at least want 7% [on the 20-year],” said Michael Roche, an EM fixed-income analyst at the Seaport Group, putting fair value on the 12 and 20-year at around 6.30% and 6.70% respectively.
“This search for yield is prompting investors to go up the yield curve.”
Invesco's Newman sees more value in the longer-dated tranche, pointing out that even at 7%, the new deal would come at a G-spread of 472bp versus 466bp on the existing 2046s.
“The 20-year would look cheap to the 2046 based on those levels.”
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, and Morgan Stanley are acting as joint bookrunners. Expected ratings are B3/B-/B. (Reporting By Paul Kilby; Editing by Marc Carnegie)
Scientists from Chalmers University of Technology have demonstrated a new kind of detector for sound at the level of quietness of quantum mechanics. The result offers prospects of a new class of quantum hybrid circuits that mix acoustic elements with electrical ones, and may help illuminate new phenomena of quantum physics.
The results have been published in Nature Physics.
The "quantum microphone" is based on a single electron transistor, that is, a transistor where the current passes one electron at a time. The acoustic waves studied by the research team propagate over the surface of a crystalline microchip, and resemble the ripples formed on a pond when a pebble is thrown into it. The wavelength of the sound is a mere 3 micrometers, but the detector is even smaller, and capable of rapidly sensing the acoustic waves as they pass by.
On the chip surface, the researchers have fabricated a three-millimeter-long echo chamber, and even though the speed of sound on the crystal is ten times higher than in air, the detector shows how sound pulses reflect back and forth between the walls of the chamber, thereby verifying the acoustic nature of the wave.
The detector is sensitive to waves with peak heights of a few percent of a proton diameter, levels so quiet that sound can be governed by quantum law rather than classical mechanics, much in the same way as light.
"The experiment is done on classical acoustic waves, but it shows that we have everything in place to begin studies of proper quantum-acoustics, and nobody has attempted that before," says Martin Gustafsson, PhD student and first author of the article.
Apart from the extreme quietness, the pitch of the waves is too high for us to hear: The frequency of almost 1 gigahertz is 21 octaves above one-lined A. The new detector is the most sensitive in the world for such high-frequency sound.
Prior to tonight's game, Roy Hibbert was going through an unexplainable collapse during the NBA Playoffs, but that might have come to an end tonight. Hibbert, who failed to score or grab a rebound in Game 1, was assertive right out of the gate, looking for shots on post ups very early on. The Indiana Pacers fed Hibbert inside, trying to get them going, and it worked. Washington led at halftime despite Hibbert's 17 points at the break, but their inability to keep pace and get anything going offensively eventually came back to hurt them. Like many other Wizards fans, I was fine with Hibbert scoring the ball, as long as it was out of Paul George‘s hands. With that said, Washington failed to execute down the stretch and Hibbert has their way down low. They finished the game with 28 points and 9 rebounds.
Marcin Gortat has been solid all season long, but they really played well tonight, especially when the guards were struggling to score. They scored 21 points to go along side 11 rebounds, including multiple emphatic dunks that helped swing the momentum to Washington's side. Nene scored 14 points as well, but they were taken out of their rhythm after going down with a sprained ankle in the first quarter. Luckily, they were able to return, but couldn't help Washington get over the hump.
While Washington's bigs were both very solid, their guards left much to be desired. John Wall was very bad tonight, to put it bluntly. I thought they did a pretty good job at facilitating, but they passed up on way too many open shots at the rim, just to kick the ball out to their shooters, which struggled to knock down shots. Trevor Ariza scored 6 points on 2-8 shooting, and Beal made just 2 of their 6 three point tries. Besides that, Beal was OK overall, putting up 17 points and 7 assists, but came up short late in the game with a few crucial turnovers. Wall hasn't shot the ball well during the playoffs and their struggles continued tonight as they made just 2 of their 13 attempts, but they have to be more aggressive with the ball at the basket. They passed up on at least 5+ layup opportunities, just to kick the ball out to the perimeter, which obviously didn't work. When their jump shot isn't falling, and it obviously isn't, they have to get to the basket. It's really that simple.
I didn't expect Washington to get four straight wins against Indiana, but I thought they dropped a very winnable game on the road tonight. The Wizards got to the free throw line just 12 times, but made 5. That has to change if Washington wants to continue their run in the postseason. Missing free throws, especially early in the game, eventually comes back to bite Washington and it did tonight.
The Wizards did get one win on the road, which was probably their goal in the first place, but they have to take care of home court beginning on Friday. It should be a good one.
We pick up with the Wide Receiver, Tight End, and Running Back position groups. Snap counts mentioned do not include the Alabama game.
#WRU
Despite all of the talent currently on the roster this wide receiver class is an important one. We wanted some specific things with these takes and the number one priority was legit height. Remember that last summer no one thought that there was any way that Mike Williams would still be on the roster for the 2016 season. Without Peake and Williams, you really don't have a lot of height other than a 6'2 Deon Cain. Even with the three of them you don't have a true jump ball endzone threat. There was also a need to bolster depth because so many receivers get a ton of snaps.
Clemson targeted the three guys they wanted and landed those three guys. We met our needs with regards to numbers and added needed height to the position. In 2017 Clemson will look to land truly elite talent and could take 3 receivers with an outside chance of grabbing four.
Let me be clear, the coaches picked the guys they wanted from the class and went and landed their guys. No fallbacks or even moving down the board. At wide receiver in this class the "elite" talent has always been suspect. Nate Craig-Meyers, for example, started out as a composite 5* top 10 prospect but it was clear as signing day approached that the Auburn signee was overrated and struggled with consistency. I bring this up to simply point out the difference in talent level between the supposed elite WR talent and Clemson's WR class really isn't a big gap (if there is any gap at all).
Diondre Overton (6'5, 195) is a basketball player who will now be a full-time football player. They will likely redshirt so they can add some more size and work on their speed. They have great hands, can high point the ball, but still needs some more explosiveness to stick at the 9 (I think they could likely play the 9 situationally and cross-train at both the 5 and 9). I have always been very high on the potential for Cornell Powell.  They are a candidate for being an elite punt returner and I think they will be very similar to Artavis Scott. They can excel at jet sweeps and being a tough runner after the catch but actually might high point the ball a little better than Scott and be a better WR at this point. I will be rooting for them since Tom Luginbill and I got into a Twitter spat when Lugi didn't take kindly to my critique of their evaluation of Powell (ESPN has them as a 3* prospect--so ridiculous...). Only question with Powell is elite top end speed. Powell had a 4.6 40 at some point and you would like to see that get to 4.5 running those sweeps at the 2. TJ Chase (6'1, 200) was identified as one of the top WR's in the state of Florida and Coach Scott went after him. Chase is really good and I can see Powell and Chase avoiding redshirts but with the depth at the position they will try to hold them. Chase has no holes in their game--solid all-around. They might not have an elite tool and needs to improve their consistency a bit but they also have the potential to make an early impact. Ridiculous talent.
The good news is that Clemson has a lot of snaps to go around. This is the deepest position on the team. Charone Peake is the lone departure, vacating 649 snaps (those will all go to Mike Williams). Deon Cain missed two complete games (and the Bama game) and still logged 310 snaps. RayRay McCloud missed three games and struggled with a knee injury but still got 287 snaps. Germone Hopper amazingly logged 437 snaps. Trevion Thompson carved out 280 snaps. Hunter Renfrow surprised everyone with their productivity and grabbed 504 snaps while Scott had 647.
We don't know what will happen with Hopper but I think it is safe to say that they could see their snaps reduced significantly, if not cut in half. That gives the opportunity for another receiver to come in and grab 200 snaps. We also don't know how the Cain situation will ultimately play out. All signs appear positive, but they are not going to get any future chances. Cain was extremely productive with 582 yards and 5 touchdowns, posting the highest yards per catch average at 17.1. They were clearly the most potent deep ball threat last year in the absence of Williams. Scott will continue their production along with Renfrow, while McCloud will see an increase in touches and production. RayRay will need to get a bit bigger and stronger in the offseason, but I fully expect them to de a dynamic threat next year. Did I mention Hunter Renfrow had 2 TDs against Bama?
So why take 3 WR's in 2017? Isn't entertaining taking 4 WR's crazy talk? The answer is--kind of. But Clemson is recruiting crazy talent that you can't pass on. You just can't. Next year you can count on Williams going to the draft, Hopper coming off the books, and Scott possibly going to the draft (we are telling recruits this is the likely scenario). Then you can also plan on one other slot opening up for someone searching for more playing time elsewhere. We are in the lead group for James Robinson (5* beast of a grown man), and recent Vols de-commitment Tee Higgins. Then you get to in-state talents OrTre Smith and Shi Smith--USCjr is already trying to negatively recruit against Clemson by saying we aren't focused on in-state talent. Both are composite 4* players and would be automatic takes in other years. I'll have more on how this could/should shake out but I am of the opinion that Clemson can take 4 WRs in the class and still manage the roster numbers. I think we should make OrTre a priority, especially because they have family ties to Clemson.
TE
Tight End is an interesting position. The return of Jordan Leggett means we are set for next year. Only Stanton Seckinger finally comes off the books and they are replaced by J.C. Chalk. Chalk should redshirt. We met our needs this year and should be incredibly selective with a TE take in 2017, only electing to take a can't miss prospect. If we end up taking 4 WRs in 2017 then it would be better not to take a TE. I could see a bigger body like OrTre possibly becoming a pass catching TE hybrid down the road if they continue to grow (to be clear Clemson is recruiting them solely as a WR and this is my speculation if they continue to grow).
Clemson will need to give more snaps to back-ups next year to begin the transition away from Leggett. If you remember Leggett came into their junior year as a bit of a question mark after an injury riddled Sophomore campaign where their work ethic was continually questioned. Leggett got an eye popping 820 snaps and scored a team high 7 TDs with 447 yards. The only other TE to log any statistics was Seckinger with 3 catches for 25 yards. All of Seckinger's hobbled 179 snaps will go to Cannon Smith, Milan Richard, and Garrett Williams. Jay Jay McCullough quietly logged 98 snaps that will also go to these three with their departure. McCullough had been on thin ice coming into the season and had to work their way back on to the team.
Smith only got 29 snaps and Richard just 28 snaps. Decisions will need to be made with both of those players. Is Smith going to make the transition to Offensive line, because if they do, they need to do it now rather than wait another year. Richard is physically ready but needs to grasp the mental side of the game. Williams is the future at the position and got 96 snaps (justifying the burning of the redshirt) where they were by far the best blocking TE on the team. They rattled some Bama players skulls. DJ Greenlee got 27 snaps as a RS junior and would be a prime transfer possibility if they aren't so happy and not going anywhere. I guess they were still recovering from a knee injury but yeah...(wasn't I told they were going to be a standout LB or something?)
Once Leggett leaves, this position group will need a pass catching threat to emerge.
Running Back
I have always been very high on Tavien Feaster. I had known they were struggling with a shoulder injury but wasn't aware that it was going to require surgery right now. Their senior year they were used more as a wide receiver to protect their shoulder. You can see why they haven't wanted to go all out in some of these all-star games with a shoulder needing surgery. Regardless, Feaster is multiple and gives you a legit pass catching and running threat out of the backfield with pure 4.34 laser timed speed that currently doesn't exist on the roster. Feaster must prove they can stay healthy and run between the tackles consistently to be the premier back in this offense but they will be a dynamic player in the near future who will have a role immediately on the team if their shoulder gets healthy. The Feaster addition gives Clemson much needed speed and fills the position needs for 2016. We don't have the numbers to take a back in 2017 unless they are an elite back, but need to watch out for positional depth going forward.
We lost CJ Davidson (who was the number two guy at the beginning of the year, yikes) and Zac Brooks who wanted to move on in life either to the NFL or to be an interior designer. Brooks is a good person who will be successful in life but I am sad to see them go because they brought a different dynamic off the bench that complimented Gallman (5 total TDs with 230 yards rushing and 74 yards receiving but averaged 5.8 yards per carry--tops amongst RBs). Brooks got 171 snaps that will go to those dividing up snaps behind Wayne "The Train" Gallman. Brooks certainly has to be viewed as a bit of a disappointment when their career is compared to other RBs who were available and interested in Clemson in 2012. They were highly rated and struggled to put on the needed weight and bulk to hold up in the interior. Had some great moments, however, and was a positive force on the team--just not the elite back they were supposed to be in 2012.
Wayne Gallman was a revelation this year.  They are a violent runner who helps the offense keep defenses honest by providing an A gap threat we haven't had in many years. It makes the offense run at an elite level (A gap blocking is still one of the last places Clemson can still improve). They ran tough last year, but they really put it all together this year and will likely repeat their 1500+ yard performance. They improved as a blocker and a pass catcher this year, but also improved their pad level as the year went on. In the games where they struggled somewhat they were getting caught at times standing too upright. They will continue to get better and should add another 5-10 pounds of muscle mass this offseason.
Behind Gallman is where things get interesting. After Gallman (who will be off to the NFL next year) we have RS Junior Tyshon Dye, RS Sophomore Adam Choice, and RS Sophomore CJ Fuller. Dye only got 47 snaps and is still recovering from an achilles injury.  They are a prime transfer candidate and will need to show they have regained their pre-injury form this offseason. They slimmed down last year but that didn't help them much. An achilles injury is one of the hardest for a RB to overcome and it usually takes 18-24 months to really be completely back. Needless to say, this is an important offseason for Dye.
Adam Choice will likely start as the number two player on the roster and will likely take over for Gallman after their departure. It was a very smart move by the coaching staff to hold Choice this past year. It evens out the roster numbers and gives you a workhorse back behind Gallman. Choice should give Clemson a great, if not elite, 1-2 punch at the RB position. Everyone I have talked to says they are fully healthy and will make a splash in the offseason. CJ Fuller was able to get 89 snaps this year and ran tougher than I expected. They will likely stay at the 100 snap mark and will have a decision about their role on the roster eventually. Fuller becomes a back you don't want to see transfer for depth reasons, especially if we don't take a back in 2017.
Overall we met our needs for next season and beyond. There will be some tough decisions in 2017 at TE and RB because of numbers limitations, but I like our O-line recruiting (the commitment to numbers and the upward curve in talent) and recruiting at QB and WR has never been better at Clemson. This offensive class doesn't have a ton of elite 5* guys but it does round out the roster and provides upgraded depth.
THE Scottish Socialist Party (SSP) will not be standing in the General Election on June 8, but that does not mean we will not be campaigning.
We will.
Our annual conference in Glasgow last weekend committed all SSP members across Scotland to spend the next six weeks making the case for independence and helping to ensure this becomes the “independence election”. Why is that so important?
Well, if all the opinion polls are correct, and we see no reason to doubt their common conclusion, Theresa May is heading for a 60-70 seat majority at Westminster. And Labour is heading for a hiding.
Such a result is not a good one for working class people anywhere in Britain. It will mean further attacks on the vulnerable, further commercial pressure on our NHS, further austerity – making the poor pay for a crisis caused by the bankers – further casualisation of a workforce facing poverty wage rates and insecurity.
For Scotland it means “the mother of all democratic deficits” is heading our way. We will be faced with yet another Tory Government we did not elect. There are no polls we have seen that suggest the Tories will win a majority of seats, or the most votes, in Scotland.
The only way to stop working class people in Scotland suffering at the hands of another Tory Government we did not elect therefore is via independence.
Supporting our inalienable democratic right to self-determination does not make you a Scottish nationalist, it makes you a democrat.
The SNP have no monopoly on independence. John Maclean, the great Clydeside revolutionary socialist leader supported independence for Scotland twenty years before the SNP was even founded.
And that is why the SSP urges Corbyn voters in Scotland to recognise and seize the profound opportunity independence offers here.
We can prevent 20 years of Tory rule and the damage that will do to working class communities here and at the same time construct the socialist Scotland we all wish to see.
Winning that aim will require a mass social movement for transformational change to take the fight into workplaces and communities rather than confining it to Holyrood and Westminster. Socialists should be at the heart of that movement.
The Scottish Socialist Party has advocated independence since its inception in 1998.
We want an independent socialist Scotland, a modern democratic republic. Our message to voters across Scotland therefore is to make June 8 the “independence election”. Vote against the Tories to build the case for independence and socialism.
We will spend the next six weeks making the case for independence on the streets of urban Scotland. Our executive committee meeting committed us to produce a mini-manifesto outlining our case for independence and socialism and to distribute it throughout the country; to organise another Scottish Socialist Voice Forum on independence and socialism – similar to the one we held in March with colleagues in the RMT union, Labour for Independence and Commonweal – with international guest speakers joining us in supporting this goal; and to raise the money to help fund these initiatives during this election period.
In the very important debate Alex Salmond initiated on LBC Radio last week between them and Nicola Sturgeon about this being ‘the independence election' we are bound to say we agree with Alex.
We realise Sturgeon's reluctance to follow their advice since a third of SNP voters don't support independence. But putting seats before causes is extremely short-sighted.
It is surely better to have 40 MPs with an unequivocal and indisputable mandate capable of facing down May for independence than 50 with nothing more than a vague, deniable suggestion of the same.
We will therefore press the SNP to put just such an unequivocal commitment to independence in it's manifesto. And we will criticise them if they do not.
The independence movement faces a unionist opposition in Scotland emboldened and with growing momentum. The need to counter their arguments is now. For the situation Scotland likely faces after June 8 demands nothing less.
Colin Fox and Natalie Reid are co-national spokespersons of the Scottish Socialist Party
Image caption The man fell through the ice while crawling across the frozen River Stour, eyewitness Paul Wenborne said
A man who stripped down to their underwear and crawled across a frozen river to rescue their trapped dog has been condemned by firefighters.
According to an eyewitness, the man fell into the River Stour, in Dedham, Essex, at about 10:00 GMT on Sunday but managed to climb out with the animal.
Fellow dog walker Paul Wenborne, who witnessed the incident, described it as a "foolish act of bravery".
An Essex Fire Service spokesperson said: "This was extremely dangerous."
Fish porter Mr Wenborne, 52, of Rayleigh, Essex, said they were amazed at the man's actions.
'Stripped down'
"I was with two friends and we couldn't believe what we were seeing," they said.
"He stripped down to their pants and started crawling across the ice.
"About a yard or so from the dog, they fell in but managed to get hold of the dog and put it on the ice.
"He then had to swim two or three yards and then crawl back on the ice to dry land.
Image caption Essex Fire Service said the man's actions were extremely dangerous
"He put their clothes back on and carried on. It was a foolish act of bravery."
Essex Fire Service confirmed it was not called to the incident.
Last week, Essex assistant divisional officer Stuart McMillan issued a warning about icy lakes and ponds.
"Even though this ice appears to be strong it can be eggshell thin and anyone who falls through into the water below could get trapped under the ice and would only be able to survive for minutes in the freezing water," they said.
"The most common cause is people chasing their dogs out on to the ice, and I urge people not to do this.
"It isn't worth the risk. Dogs will normally make it safely off the ice and back to the shore - the same cannot be said for people."
One of my favourite quotes goes like this " Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience."
True, I have made the infinite number of mistakes, both as a bartender and drinker. The first time is usually the dumbest. But even the best of the experienced makes them too. So this piece is dedicated to all the experienced / as well as starters.
Cocktails are the best stuff to have
They are sweet, they are syrupy, they don't even taste like alcohol. What a great treat, isn't it? A big no. If you want to keep that fat off your belly, understand the calorie content of various alcohol. While wine, shots, and beer fall quite low in calories, even skinny cocktails go well over 150 calories.
Using your teeth to open a beer
You might consider it an act of coolness, and your friends go wow. But are they?really. They know that it's hard to fix a chipped tooth. In the long term the tooth becomes weaker. Bleeding enamel is another consequence if you get it wrong. In some occasions, there has even been incidents of cap swallows - like this one.
Skipping Meals
If you are into the habit of eating before you drink or while you drink, you are a rockstar. But when it comes to eating after drinking, many of us are not rockstars, and there is a reason why that's the case. No it's not because you are too tired to eat, or to get up. Fundamentally alcohol is sugar, and it sends a wrong signal to your brain, giving a false impression while it's actually not. Moreover, alcohol doesn't dissolve into nutrients. Also while you are in the sugar rush, your best bet is the sugar rush that you get from alcohol again. We highly recommend, food before or while you are drinking.
Energy Drinks & Alcohol
Personally I have seen many of my friends mixing energy drinks into their regular drinks like red bull etc. It seems to be a recent trend, upwards. I urge you to please stop doing it. Fundamentally, alcohol and caffeine are both dehydrating causing less metabolism and more toxicating effect. What is even more dangerous is it tends to make you feel you aren't high, making you drink much more than you can take. The blood alcohol content tends to raise gradually, depending on the spirit. Now imagine driving a car with that - The Biggest No!
While these aren't the only mistakes, they top the list as some of the most common ones. Put in your comments, and let me know of any that you have noticed.
If you want any topic to be covered as a part of upcoming articles in Gulp Mag, hit me up at simi@vgulp.com
Here's to happy, but responsible gulping!
Having heard so much about APL from Phil Trelford (who is one of the leaders in the F# community) I decided to try it out too. For the uninitiated, APL code looks every bit as mind-bending and unbelievable as scenes from Johnny Depp's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
For example, the life function below implements Conway's game of life:
I know, right? WTF and mind blowing in equal measures…
As I was learning through Mastering Dyalog APL, I took down plenty of notes which I hope will help get you up to speed with the basics quickly.
You can try out the examples at TryAPL, just click on the “APL Keyboard” button and use the virtual keyboard to enter the symbols you need.
Learn APL in 10 Minutes
and does what you'd expect but multiplication and division becomes and (just like in maths).
in APL is power, i.e.
/ in APL also means something else, which we'll come to later.
Also note the difference between negative sign and subtraction , e.g.
Use to assign a value (either scalar or array) to a name, e.g.
and remember, variable names are case sensitive.
Variables are mutable, and you can assign multiple variable at once:
but only if the length match, otherwise you'll get an error
=>
You can perform arithmetic operations between two arrays with the same shape:
=>
=>
look ma, no loops
If the shape doesn't match, then you get an error:
=>
But, if one of the variables is a scalar then the other variable can be any shape:
=>
=>
The same rule applies to other operations, e.g. max and min .
=>
=>
=>
Most symbols in APL have double meaning, just like they do in algebra, e.g.
where – means subtraction, a dyadic use of the symbol
where – means negative, a monadic use of the same symbol
(before you freak out, monadic here is of the Mathematics definition, and not the Haskell variant )
To find the length of an array, you can use Rho monadically:
=> 5
You can also Rho dyadically to organize items into specified shapes, i.e.
=>
where 4 2 describes the shape – 4 rows, 2 columns, followed by Rho and the array of items to be organized.
If the number of items in the array doesn't match the number of slots in the shape we're trying to organize into, then the array is repeated, e.g.
=>
=>
If there are too many items then extra items are ignored:
=>
Utilizing the way items are repeated, there's a neat trick you can do, e.g.
=>
In general, APL has special names for data depending on its shape:
scalar – single value
vector – list of values
matrix – array with 2 dimensions
array – generic term for any set of values, regardless of no. of dimensions
table – common term for matrix
cube – common term for array with 3 dimensions
Ok, now that we've introduced the notion of dimensions, it's time to confess that I slightly misled you earlier – Rho actually returns the shape of an array (not just its length, which only applies to a vector), so it works with multi-dimensional data too.
=> 2 2
Furthermore, since the result of Rho is itself a vector, applying Rho again will give us the number of dimensions an array has – otherwise known as its Rank.
=> 2
i.e. scalars have 0 rank, vectors have 1 rank, and so on…
You can also reduce over a set of values using / e.g. a plus reduction to sum up all the numbers in an array can be written as
=>
similarly, factorial can be written using multiply reduction:
=>
The / symbol is an operator, whereas etc. are functions. / can accept any of these functions and uses it to reduce over an array.
=> 9
=> 1
APL calls programs defined functions, and you can create a defined function like this:
=> 3
where:
– program name
– generic symbol for array passed on the right
– generic symbol for array passed on the left
for example, if we have a function such that
=> 16
what we've done here is to sum the array on the right of – 4 5 6 7 – and subtract it with the sum of the array on the left – 1 2 3.
Simple, right? Let's try a few more.
=> 63
and you can use your custom functions with reduction:
=> 15
To index into an array, you can use the standard [ ] notation:
=> 4
noticed that? APL is one-indexed!
What's more, just like everything else, you can index into array with either a scalar or an array:
=> 1 3 4
=> 1 3 4 1
This also works when it comes to updating values in an array:
=> 42 2 42 4 42
=> 1 2 3 4 5
=>
Note that it follows the same rule as functions with regards to the input being either a scalar or a same-shaped array.
If the shape of the array doesn't match, then it'll error:
=>
Equally, if you use an invalid index, you'll also get an error:
=>
You can use Iota to generate an array of integers from 1 to N, e.g.
=> 1 2 3 4
=> 1 2 3 4
Booleans are represented as 1 and 0, and you can use any one of these relational functions: < = =/ >
=> 0 1 1
=> 1 0 0
AND and OR semantics are represented by and respectively.
=> 1 0 1
=> 0 1 1
you can use them to count no. of employees based on salary for instance:
=> 2
You can also use an array of boolean values as masks too:
=> 1 3
=> iu
this is called compression, and is useful for selecting items conforming to some criteria, e.g.
=> 1 1 0 0 0 1 0
=> 7
=> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
therefore, to find the indices of values that's greater than 10
=> 1 2 6
and to get the corresponding values, just use compression:
=> 11 13 15
Given two arrays, A and B, you can return a new array with all the elements of A minus all the elements of B using the without operator ~
=> 1 2
this doesn't modify A or B though.
=> 1 2 3
=> 3 4 5
memberships
To find items from an array that exists in another array, you can use the membership operator
=> 1 0 1 0 1
it also works with strings
=> 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0
you can (like before) get the indices of matches using compression:
=> 2 4 6 8 11 14 16 20 23 24 30 33 36 41 43 45
or find the matching characters using compression:
=> aaaiaaaeeeaiaaii
inspecting the result tells us that those are indeed the characters we're looking for!
search
We saw how we can combine memberships and iota-rho to find the indices in Phrase that corresponds to a member in ‘aeiouy'.
What if we want to find the first index each character in ‘aeiouy' appears in Phrase, i.e. “aeiouy”.Select(char -> Phrase.IndexOf(char)) if you're coming from a .Net background.
We can use the dyadic form of Iota :
=> 2 20 8 47 47 47
note that the length of Phrase is 46
=> 46
so the result 47 is essentially saying that ‘o', ‘u', ‘y' never appeared in Phrase.
You can model an ‘else' semantic using two arrays whose lengths are off by 1. For instance:
based on the way search works (not found = length + 1), we can map the specified Area codes to corresponding discount rates: 17 -> 9, 50 -> 8, … 89 -> 4, and all others to 2.
=> 6 6 5 6 6 2 6 2 4 6 1 5
so where D does not exist in Area, you'll get index 6 which does not exist in Area, BUT exists in Discount – i.e. the ‘other' case we're trying to model.
So if we use the result of as indices in Discount we'll find the corresponding discount rate for the values in D:
=> 2 2 4 2 2 8 2 8 5 2 9 4
this is an algorithm for changing the frame of reference, i.e. changing a list of area codes into a list of discount values, a general form can be described as:
where = + 1
take and drop
You can use the Take and Drop functions like you do with Enumerable.Take and Enumerable.Drop in LINQ:
=> 1 2 3 4
=> 5 6 7 8 9 10
if the count is negative then you take from the end of the list, e.g. take last 3 items or drop last 7 items:
=> 8 9 10
=> 1 2 3
Given a list of values
suppose you want to find the change from one number to the next, i.e. 3 (+5) 8 (-3) 5 (+9) 14…
considering that
=> 8 5 14 34 5 17 21 18
=> 3 8 5 14 34 5 17 21
so now you can subtract the two arrays (of equal length) to get the answer:
=>
clever, right? It's reminiscent of the RX approach to tracking mouse moves.
mirrors and transposition
You can also pivot data about any direction easily:
(screenshot taken from Mastering Dyalog APL)
outer products
You can use the outer product operator to calculate the cartesian products of two lists:
=>
using the small circle + dot + an operation to apply, in this case multiply , but could easily be anything else:
=>
here's even more examples taken from Mastering Dyalog APL:
Unlike some of the operations we've seen so far, the outer product operator works across different sized arrays too:
=>
Finally, there are some common patterns (or idioms) you'll see in APL.
find indices in A that exists in B
find the members (not indices) of A that exists in B
find indices in A where B first appeared in (i.e. IndexOf)
change the frame of reference
generate indices with incrementing steps
So that's it, I hope this post has given you a flavour of APL and help you learn the basics quickly. I find the array programming paradigm absolutely mind blowing and a completely different way to think about problems.
Also I find it has a similar transformative effect in changing the way I think about variables – as a point-in-time snapshot of some scalar value – to FRP (e.g. signals in Elm or observables in RX).
In the next post, let's see how we can use APL to solve some simple problems (that's all I'm able to manage for now!).
Links
Releasing its annual report at the British Museum, the Portable Antiquities Scheme declared its millionth find since it was launched 17 years ago – a Roman coin in a remarkable hoard of 22,000 found in Devon.
© The Trustees of the British Museum
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
© Birmingham Museums Trust
© Courtesy Portable Antiquities Scheme
Organisers also announced a grant of nearly £800,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund. The money will create a national network of up to 50 trained volunteers, increasing opportunities for archaeology in communities with a particular focus on inspiring new participants.“The sheer variety and diversity of finds registered over the scheme's 17-year history is extraordinary,” said Neil MacGregor, the museum's Director, calling the hoard discovery “truly exciting”.“The success of the PAS and finds.org.uk cannot be overestimated in terms of our understanding of our past.”Two of the largest ever Viking Age hoards found were recorded through the PAS.The Vale of York Hoard (682 objects) and the Silverdale (Lancashire) Hoard (201 objects) were found during the past decade.The largest Viking hoard ever found was the Cuerdale Hoard, which had more than 8,600 objects when it was unearthed in 1840.Both hoards, of early 10th century date, highlight the extent of Viking expansion across England.This copper-alloy object, probably dating to the 18th century, shows a copulating couple.The object has movable parts, so as to cause amusement. Such bawdy objects are not uncommon, and shed light on entertainment and humour at this time.One of the smallest objects recorded by the PAS, this was found in East Yorkshire with a diameter of just six millimetres.It is struck in the name of King Kanthirava Narasa, who reigned from 1638 to 1662.Two of the largest ever Bronze Age hoards were recorded through the scheme: the Langton Matravers (Dorset) Hoard (777 objects, found in 2007) and the Boughton Malherbe (Kent) Hoard (352 objects, found in 2011).Such hoards were once thought to be metalworking scrap but archaeologists now believe they were deposited ritually, perhaps as offerings to lost gods.Britain's oldest found papal bulla, a lead-seal from a document issued in the name of Pope Paschal I (reigned 817-24), probably granting land or office.Papal bullae are relatively common finds, many of which probably found their way into the ground when the documents to which they were attached were destroyed during the Reformation.This one was found in Cheddon Fitzpaine in Somerset. The lead seal, issued in the name of Pope Paul II (reigned 1464-71), would originally have been attached to a decree or document granting privileges.The design of the pope enthroned, flanked by their cardinals and with their flock before him, is unique.This image is also intriguing since Paul was criticised for this abuse of appointing cardinals in secret so as to advance their personal interests. The seal has been acquired by The Museum of Somerset.A Lower Palaeolithic flint biface dating from between 400,000 to 150,000 BC.Conversely, this is one of the largest objects recorded: a French cannon, found in Cardiff, which was perhaps captured at the Battle of the Nile in 1798.It measures 2.8 metres in length.Mudlarking on the Thames foreshore has brought to light many artefact types less commonly found elsewhere, including lead-alloy medieval pilgrim badges and post-medieval toys.This Medieval lead alloy pilgrim badge of Calvary from Gottsburen, Germany, is dated to AD 1450-1500. It was donated to the Museum of London.The Staffordshire Hoard is the largest ever Anglo-Saxon hoard of gold and silver, mostly consisting of war-gear, including some object-types that continue to puzzle archaeologists.The range of objects found are challenging orthodoxies of when certain objects were first used.A silver-gilt boar badge helped pinpoint where King Richard III met their death at the Battle of Bosworth in Leicestershire in 1485.Medieval battlefields are often hard to precisely locate, so such archaeological evidence proves crucially important.Modern understanding of several battlefield sites has been revolutionised through the systematic recording of metal-detected finds, including Bosworth (1485) and Naseby (1645).Metal artefacts associated with the combatants has allowed archaeologists to better understand such battles.
Leaders of thirteen inhabited areas in Syria have signed reconciliation agreements in the last 24 hours, bringing the number of settlements involved in the ceasefire to 408.
According to the Russian Center for Reconciliation, areas in Latakia, Hama, Al-Suwayda and Homs provinces are the latest to join the ceasefire.
Additionally, 69 ceasefire application forms have been signed by leaders of armed groups, according to the daily bulletin published by the Center, which reported several violations in the last 24 hours;
“Jaysh al-Islam formations, which had claimed to belong to the opposition, have performed mortar shelling of Arbil, Harasta, Haush al-Shalaq, Jaubar, Jisrein and Duma in the Damascus province. In the Latakia province, armed formations of the Ahrar-ash-Sham armed grouping have shelled the Ara inhabited area.”
Meanwhile, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that the daily three-hour ceasefire in Aleppo was not sufficient for letting more humanitarian aid into Aleppo.
During a meeting with German counterpart Frank-Walter Steinmeier, Lavrov said that the daily truce could be lengthened if assurances were made that armed groups would not use the lull in fighting to replenish weapons and ammunition – or to send more fighters into the city.
Canadian Christopher Paul Neil, a 32-year-old English teacher who has taught in South Korea and Vietnam, is being sought in the infamous case of a serial pedophile who extensively photographed themselves raping Thai boys as young as six, uploading the 200 + pictures to the Internet, but digitally altering the photographs to hide their own identity (although not those of the victims).
Their whereabouts are currently unknown, and it is believed that they are attempting to evade capture.
German experts attempted to uncover an identifiable picture of the suspect by undoing the manipulations, giving the above final image. This was enough to get an ID on a suspect, Christopher Paul Neil, who has posted on the Korean Job Discussion Board using the name Peter Jackson.
a current picture of Christopher Paul Neil at Bangkok Airport
Among other things, their posts mentioned how they got around the mandatory criminal records check for English teachers.
Police checks are NOT needed to get a visa. Public schools will want one but you should be able to stall them. Often they want teachers SO quickly that they will “wait” for some things. I never gave a police check for my last public school job. I was in Vietnam at the time and getting one wasn't easy. I delayed and never heard about it again.
and how to hide things from inspectors:
[I]'ve never heard of porn been a problem in Korea. On my first trip there in 2000 I remember reading the customs declaration form while on the plane. I was SO nervous for the remaining hours on the plane because I happened to have a couple Penthouse magazines in my bag. I ended up tossing them in the bin at the airport washroom, only to find out that no one would have found them anyway. In terms of computers, if you're worried about any “content” there are several ways to encrypt your drive. A friend has highly recommended Truecrypt, which you can download. If you want to get rid of old files so no one will see, then simply deleting them will not work. You'll have to get a program like Jetico's BC Wipe and “delete with wiping”.
They worked in Wonsam (near Yongin) and then Gwangju in Jeollanamdo, and wasn't beloved by co-workers, it appears:
I knew them as a pretty normal guy, as far as ESL teachers go. I didn't work with them (his former school has been informed, and if they know anything, they're not telling at this point.) To be perfectly honest, I perceived them as the kind of guy who didn't have much luck with girls and would be comfortable purchasing sex (just based on their overall presentation and some comments they made regarding working girls in Thailand.) I wouldn't have been surprised if they had had a fake degree or passport– but I would never ever have guessed that they were sexually into children. We didn't discuss it, and I never saw them around children.
A standard Zeta male.
:: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::
"Seed" and "Soil"
All photographs by Leslie Weems
I am publishing my new short story collection "Soil" inside a fully-functional USB rubber vagina that holds 4 gigabytes of data storage."Soil" is the companion volume to last year's "Seed," which I published inside a miniature USB dildo. All of the stories on "Soil" were originally published on the blog "This Rocketship Will Crash." Until now, it has not been possible for your computer to have sex with a different computer, a portable music device, a smartphone, or a gaming console. I would like to change this."Soil" contains ten short stories in every possible ebook format. "Soil" also contains audio versions of these short stories, and a book block and cover that will allow bibliophiles to print paperback versions of "Soil" at an on-demand printer, like an Espresso Book Machine. The stories on "Soil" include:1. "Fear Boys With Dolls" -- a terrifying tour of a high-tech sex doll collection2. "Dinner Pro" -- a date with a dinner prostitute3. "The Super Secret International American Time Box" -- a time traveler takes hostages at a Whataburger4. "Doolers" -- revolvers at dawn for a lady's honor5. "The Goods" -- the importance of seducing the parents of your fiancee6. "Tower of Silence" -- how to get rid of a dead friend's useless possessions in one day7. "We Have All Been Hurt by Television Actors" -- a sad Tom Arnold scat-sex story8. "Gene Smoke" -- a criminal explains how to become irresistible to women9. "Famous People Don't Care" -- a meditation on celebrity, coffee, and customer service10. "How to Get Laid for Zero Dollars and Zero Cents" -- how to get laid, without spending any money, in NYCHere is a free sample of one of the stories in the collection called "How to Get Laid for Zero Dollars and Zero Cents":My first short story collection, "Seed," is also available in a new, limited edition sculpture. This new edition places "Seed" inside a statue of "Don Quixote," which serves as a provocative display stand.The dildo comes off, allowing you to plug it into your computer."Seed" has all the same extras as "Soil." "Seed" also contains live music and recordings by Brooklyn's very own DJ Goodman Carter. "Seed" is available in many colors."Seed" also contains 10 short stories originally published on the blog "This Rocketship Will Crash." These stories include:1. "Oh Boy" -- a couple experiments with video-on-video recording2. "Fuckchanged"-- self-inflicted extreme body modification gone horribly right3. "Always Rape the Last Coke Machine" -- Helen Keller/Anne Sullivan slash fiction4. "A Tense Situation and a Chainsaw" -- all you need to get a job in today's business world is a good resume and a chainsaw5. "The Famous and Expensive Breathing Technique" -- the greatest mortician of all time comes out of retirement6. "The Polecat"" -- how to make the most of a bad job7. "Leaner" -- how to fuck a crowded subway car8. "Role-Playing Game" -- dungeons, dragons, and betrayal9. "Wedding Toast" -- what can a couple do on their wedding night to make it special, if they have already done everything?10. "Yes, We Have Those" -- a story about dildos with soulHere is a free sample from "Seed" called "Always Rape the Last Coke Machine." Don't worry: it is not about rape. It is about worker's rights and having sex with Helen Keller.If you are interested in the intellectual framework behind my decision to publish my short story collections inside genitals, I wrote a long essay about it called "Wunderkammer Seeds: A Fantasia." The essay does not explain why I chose genitals "per se," but I think digital human genitals are the perfect objects to commemorate the subject matter of these collections.I also think it is important that my two short story collections be able to mate. Since no one really gets paid for short fiction anymore, it is important to have a good time.But mating these short story collections is only part of the fun.Since these collections are USB flash drives, people's computers can also now fuck each other.For some reason, the height of "computer design" is to create a clean and sterile device that lacks passion, sexuality, intrigue, and personality. I am opposed to this. Computers should be a reflection of humanity, not a replacement for human contact.I feel that digital sculptures are the perfect marriage between classical aesthetics and the information age.I encourage other musicians, filmmakers, photographers, and sequential artists to sell digital media in sculpture form. All digital media eventually ends up on the internet for free anyway, and a sculpture is a slight physical barrier that privileges early adopters, also giving fans a physical token of your appreciation."Seed" and "Soil" each cost $30, but they are currently only available in Austin, Texas. In a month, they will also be available in New York City. I am accepting NYC pre-orders for "Soil," but not for "Seed."For media inquiries, or if you would like to purchase a copy of "Seed" or "Soil," please get in touch with me at: miraclejones@fictioncircus.comIf you do not live in Austin or New York, and you would still like a copy of "Seed" or "Soil," they are both available as ebooks at Smashwords and Amazon for $4. I feel that $4 is a fair price for digital copies of these collections that are not published inside sex toys.If you are looking to read something for free, the first part of my seven volume series "The Fold" will be available for free on Smashwords for the next three months. "Shifting," the sequel to "Sharing," will come out in September.God willing and the creek don't rise, part 3 will come out next summer.Cheers, thanks, and all the fucking best!
Published: January 9, 2014
Nicholas Kalmus, Front End Designer, Communications
Alert
The rulers of these competing large states amassed giant armies of tens of thousands of infantrymen, who marched in combat against their enemies. In China, one innovation against such attacks was the construction of fortification walls built along borders.
The centuries before China's unification under the Qin Dynasty (221 BC) are known as the Warring States period, an era when large armies clashed in fierce competitions for power and territory.
The centuries before China's unification under the Qin Dynasty (221 BC) are known as the Warring States period, an era when large armies clashed in fierce competitions for power and territory.
The rulers of these competing large states amassed giant armies of tens of thousands of infantrymen, who marched in combat against their enemies. In China, one innovation against such attacks was the construction of fortification walls built along borders.
Sections of the famous Great Wall of China may have been built during the Warring States period, and this renowned wall is certainly the most famous, but was it the first?
As part of a two-decade-long survey of settlements in eastern Shandong Province, China, a collaborative team of researchers from the Field Museum and Shandong University in China are now mapping a great wall that was built by the Qi state and pre-dates the more famous Great Wall.
Led by Gary Feinman, Curator of Anthropology at the Museum, and Professor Fang Hui of Shandong University, the Sino-American team is meticulously documenting both the path of this early great wall and recording its long-term relationship to settlement patterns in the region.
The Qi wall has long been known to a small number of scholars and local residents, but this feature made of rammed earth has never been traced in detail over an extended area. Feinman, working with Field Museum Adjunct Curator Linda Nicholas and graduate students in archaeology from Shandong University have now documented the wall over a 50 km stretch that crosscuts the region where this international team has been surveying ancient settlements.
“The wall cuts across our study region,” Feinman said. “It relates to the history of the settlements in that area, and so we've taken a great interest in it.”
“Because the wall is a part of our survey, we know the history of settlements before, during, and after the time in which the wall was built (ca. 500 BC),” said Feinman. “By following the wall, and mapping its precise location over about 1/12th of its extent, we have observed how large and well engineered it was, and how it takes advantage of the contours of the terrain. For example, the wall follows ridges, so that it remains elevated as much as possible. These observations have helped us understand its function as a barricade. Such detailed contextual information doesn't exist for even the more famous “Great Wall of China.”
The Qi wall itself was constructed using a technique called “rammed earth,” in which workers took great pains to carry huge amounts of fine soil to elevated areas, and then vigorously pounded the sediment (mixed with water and perhaps a binding agent) to heights of 15 feet, in some places!
“This was a major effort, because the wall follows ridges into mountainous areas that would have been very difficult to reach with great volumes of earth,” Feinman said. Today, the wall is best preserved at these higher elevations where it likely was most difficult to erect, but where it is not endangered by subsequent farming and flooding.
While it could be scaled with ropes, the Qi wall would have been an effective impediment against large infantries, which likely had accompanying carts carrying food and supplies. Such massive arrays of foot soldiers would have been slowed down as ropes were deployed to scale the wall, and some supplies would have likely been lost or left behind.
While the wall is slowly disappearing due to contemporary priorities, such as road construction, Feinman hopes that mapping the wall will encourage Chinese scholars and the government to preserve the wall as a historical landmark.
“Nevertheless, we also understand that there is an important balance between modern economic development and the historical importance of preserving these features,” said Feinman.
Find out more about The Field Museum's anthropological research in Asia.
Father's Day started without a profit motive in 1909, when a woman named Sonora Louise Smart Dodd heard a church sermon in honor of Mother's Day and thought their father, a widower who had raised six children on their own, deserved to be honored in the same way.
But it wasn't long before establishing Father's Day on the American calendar became mostly about the gifts, and the companies that sell them.
At one point in 1929, the tobacco and necktie industries realized they had set two different dates for Father's Day celebrations. While women's clubs and necktie organizations favored June 21st, tobacco companies had planned campaigns for June 14th. “The parent in whose honor the day has been set aside was said to be less interested regarding the proper day for the celebration than were the mothers and the various stores which had expected to do good business,” noted the New York Times.
The commercialization of the holiday continued as it became more popular. At the end of the Great Depression, the National Retail Dry Goods Association promoted Father's Day to merchants as a “second Christmas” and released a 16-page publication entitled “How to Sell More Goods for Father's Day.”
While there were other factors that helped Father's Day transition from a mocked and debated custom to a mainstream holiday—including the shifting role of fathers in the household—industry devoted itself to the cause.
The same year the National Retail Dry Goods Association spread its tips for turning Father's Day into Christmas, industry leaders formed a National Council for the Promotion of Father's Day. Among their projects were hosting a $5,000-prize competition for painting a Father's Day poster.
Two years later, in 1940, the president of men's clothing company F. R. Tripler & Co. urged retailers and manufacturers of men's clothing gathered at the Ritz-Carlton to promote Father's Day by using Father's Day stamps on their mail and setting up window displays.
Father's Day did not become an official national holiday until 1972, almost 60 years after Mother's Day. At that point, according to American Masculinities: A Historical Encyclopedia, retail sales associated with the holiday were worth more than $1 billion per year.
This year, the National Retail Federation estimates they'll be worth $15.5 billion—a new record.
Late last month, former CIA analyst Allen Thomson was clicking through a space news website when they noticed a story about a new orbital tracking site being built near the small city of Kashgar in southwestern China. Curious, they went to Google Earth to find it. They poked around for a while, with no luck. Then they came across something kind of weird.
Thomson, who served in the CIA from 1972 to 1985 and as a consultant to the National Intelligence Council until 1996, has made something of a second career finding odd stuff in public satellite imagery. They discovered these giant grids etched into the Chinese desert in 2011, and a suspected underground missile bunker in Iran in 2008. When the Israeli Air Force destroyed a mysterious facility in Syria the year before, Thomson put together an 812-page dossier on the so-called "Box on the Euphrates." Old analyst habits die hard, it seems.
But even this old analyst is having trouble ID'ing the objects they found in the overhead images of Kashgar. "I haven't the faintest clue what it might be – but it's extensive, the structures are pretty big and funny-looking, and it went up in what I'd call an incredible hurry," they email.
So he'd like your help in solving this little mystery. What follows are 10 images of the site. If you've got ideas on what might be there, leave 'em in the comments, drop me a note, or find me on Twitter or Facebook. I'll pass it on to Thomson.
LG's brand new V20 smartphone is official, and if you're a Sprint customer you'll be happy to know that the carrier has confirmed that they will be selling the device. Since Sprint still offers 24-month contract pricing on devices, you should be able to pick up the LG V20 on a 24-month contract pricing scale if you so choose, although it's worth noting that Sprint has not yet mentioned what the phone will cost on their network. With the agreement in place, there would be no monthly installments to pay off along with the monthly bill, but you would end up having a higher upfront cost. Having said that, this likely won't be the only pricing option available.
Subscribers of Sprint's network will also potentially have the option to pick up the device on installment payments which will likely require $0 down for well-qualified buyers and 24 monthly payments. Sprint will also likely be offering the LG V20 on their leasing option which could come with $0 down for well-qualified buyers and a monthly payment that would be less than that of the regular installments. Lastly, if you prefer, you should just be able to simply buy the LG V20 at full retail cost and not mess with any installments, leasing, or contracts.
If you need a recap on what the LG V20 offers, it comes equipped with a 5.7-inch QHD LCD display, but it also has the second screen that debuted on the LG V10 from last year, which provides a quick and easy way to glance at a few details such as time and date, or view your notifications. Up at the top of the phone's front display panel you'll also find a 5MP wide camera sensor for grabbing the perfect selfie and making sure everyone fits in the shot, and flipping things over to the back reveals the 16MP camera sensor with OIS, not forgetting the LG V20 has a dual-camera setup, so you'll also find an 8MP wide camera sensor here alongside the main 16MP sensor. It'll also come powered by a 3,200mAh battery which should be plenty of power. The LG V20 is sure to offer a rich camera experience, but it also offers great audio as LG fitted it with a 32-Bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC for those that really love their audio. Pricing has not yet been mentioned, but prices will be available in the next few weeks with a launch happening sometime in the third quarter of this year.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CA -- San Jose-based eBay announced the launch Monday of a new brand platform, which it will kick off with a new TV spot.
"Fill Your Cart with Color" integrates the introduction of an enhanced and more personalized eBay shopping experience, which now includes a reimagined homepage that's responsive to each user's interests, the company stated in a news release. Leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technology, shoppers receive tailored recommendations across all categories with each new site visit, and an inventory mix that's truly unique to them.
"Individuality and self-expression are at the heart of the eBay brand, delivered through an extraordinary breadth of inventory from around the world," said Karl Isaac, vice president of Global Brand at eBay. "As consumers pursue their passions and reject conformity, both in commerce and culture, 'Fill Your Cart With Color' celebrates the things that truly make people unique, and connects to what people love about eBay, from new and unique items to personalized experiences. Now, more than ever, eBay empowers people to find exactly what they love and express who they are."
Following the initial TV spot, eBay will continue spreading its new brand platform across cinema, out-of-home media, display and social.
Developed with eBay's new global creative agency 72andSunny Los Angeles, three directors were commissioned to capture what makes eBay different. The directors, whose resumes include feature films, music videos and creative work for top global brands, are Bridget Savage Cole, Josh Nussbaum and Director X. These esteemed creators each shot their component of the spot separately, in Chicago, Los Angeles and New York, respectively.
"eBay is built on the diversity of the buyers and sellers that make up our marketplace – they create a rich and dynamic environment for commerce that is unmatched in possibilities," said Suzy Deering, Chief Marketing Officer for eBay North America. "Our priority as a business is to marry our streamlined, personalized shopping experience with our unparalleled selection of inventory to meet the evolving needs of millions of shoppers – uniquely enabling them to shop the products that they love."
BEIRUT – The co-leader of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) has warned Turkey that it faces defeat in Syria, hours after Ankara launched a major military operation to pave the way for a cross-border rebel offensive on the ISIS-held town of Jarablus.
“Turkey will be defeated in the Syrian quagmire, just like ISIS,” Saleh Muslim wrote on Twitter as Turkish officials heralded the start of the country's widely-anticipated cross border action.
“I think they will [suffer] heavy losses, [the decision] to enter this war was in their hands, [but getting out of it] won't be,” the ANHA news agency—which is close to Muslim's party—quoted them as saying in a follow-up report
“The Syrian people in general, the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), and the Jarablus Military Council—which consists of inhabitants from the city—all of them stand against Turkey's step,” Muslim also said.
The Kurdish leader added that while Ankara previously involved itself in the Syrian war through its proxy forces, its direct involvement in the conflict “will cause them great losses.”
Shortly after 4:00 a.m. Wednesday, Turkish jets and artillery opened a massive barrage on ISIS targets in the border town, which Ankara has repeatedly said it would not let fall into the hands of Kurdish-led forces advancing against the jihadist group in northern Syria.
The operation, dubbed “Euphrates Shield,” has already seen Turkish special forces cross the border for “pinpoint operations,” according to NTV television, although Turkish media outlets in the morning reported that the main group offensive has yet to start.
Turkish Interior Minister Efkan Ala stressed that the operation would last until the “threat against Turkey was eliminated,” without specifying whether they were just referring to ISIS, or also the PYD, which Ankara considers a terrorist organization.
However, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan soon afterward declared in a bellicose speech that the campaign would target ISIS as well as Kurdish forces.
Ankara has repeatedly warned that it will not accept a Kurdish zone of control along its territory, citing the links between the PYD and its People's Protection Units with the Kurdistan Worker's Party (PKK) currently engaged in a seething conflict with Turkish authorities.
For the past week—since the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces seized the nearby town of Manbij—Turkey has reportedly been transporting rebels from northern Aleppo and Idlib to a base across the Turkish border from Jarablus in preparation for an attack on the town, which lies far behind Syrian rebel's current frontlines with ISIS in the northern countryside of Aleppo.
An official in the Free Syrian Army-affiliated Mutassim Brigade on Tuesday night told the pro-rebel Enab Baladi outlet that rebels would soon cross the Turkish border into Jarablus.
“The coming days will witness fierce battles against ISIS, and Jarablus will return to the bosom of the revolution once again,” Mustafa Sejari, the head of the faction's political office, vowed.
Amid the mounting preparations offensive, including heavy Turkish shelling, the SDF-backed Jarablus Military Council—which was only formed over the weekend—said Monday that Ankara was transporting “mercenaries” across its border as part of a series of “accelerating hostile actions.”
“We warn the Turkish authorities of the consequences of aggressive practices against Syrian territories and [people], especially in our region of Jarablus,” Abdel Sattar al-Jader said in a video statement released Monday afternoon.
Later that day, the military commander—an ethnic Arab who formerly led the Martyr Abu Furat Brigades—was gunned down in Al-Shouyoukh, a town that lies across the Euphrates from Jarablus, an act the Jarablus Military Council blamed on Turkish intelligence.
NOW's English news desk editor Albin Szakola (@AlbinSzakola) wrote this report. Amin Nasr translated Arabic-language material.
0 Penguins clinch playoff berth, drop Predators 5-1
PITTSBURGH (AP)
— Evgeni Malkin scored twice, James Neal had four assists and the Pittsburgh Penguins clinched a playoff spot with a 5-1 victory over the Nashville Predators on Thursday night.
Chris Kunitz, Matt Cooke and Pascal Dupuis also scored to help Pittsburgh pull within a point of the New York Rangers for the top spot in the Eastern Conference with nine games remaining. Marc-Andre Fluery made 29 saves for their NHL-leading 40th victory.
Pittsburgh captain Sidney Crosby was held without a goal for the 12th straight game and failed to score a point, but it hardly stopped the Penguins from winning their ninth straight home game to keep the heat on the Rangers.
Nashville's Alexander Radulov scored in their return to the NHL after four years in Russia, but the Penguins picked apart Predators goalie Pekka Rinne. The league saves leader allowed two goals in the first 5 minutes.
Nashville hopes Radulov will take some of the pressure off the always busy Rinne as the franchise gears up for the postseason. The talented 25-year-old left the Predators after the 2007-08 season to go home to Russia, where they won two MVPs and one title while playing for the KHL's Salavat Yulayev Ufa.
Radulov re-wrote the KHL record book — he's the league's career goals leader — before Nashville general manager David Poile lured them back to the team that took them in the first round of the 2004 draft. They made an immediate impact, scoring their first NHL regular-season goal since March 20, 2008, when they beat Fleury on a rebound midway through the second.
One problem, all it did was cut Pittsburgh's lead to 4-1. While Radulov might have become the best player in Russia, Malkin has developed into arguably the best player on the planet.
Malkin needed less than 90 seconds to score in their fifth straight game, beating Rinne with a knuckling slap shot from the right circle to give Pittsburgh a quick lead. Rinne appeared to be in position to make the save only to watch the puck deflect off their glove and into the net.
Less than 3 minutes later the lead was 2-0 as the red-hot Dupuis deflected a Kris Letang shot from the point between Rinne's legs. Dupuis' 22nd goal of the season extended their points streak to a career-best eight games.
And just like that the NHL's highest-scoring team was off the races.
Cooke made it 3-0 early in the second period following a nice drop pass from Neal, whose four assists were a career-high. Kunitz added their 22nd later in the period when their crossing pass attempt directed at Crosby deflected off Nashville defenseman Shea Weber's skate and into the net.
Radulov's goal proved but a footnote. Malkin's second goal of the night and 45th of the season early in the third period pushed their league-leading point total to 95 as they close in on the Art Ross Trophy awarded to the NHL's leading scorer.
The Penguins improved to 13-2-3 against the Western Conference this season, the best mark by an Eastern Conference team.
It's a good sign heading into the postseason, a place the franchise is heading for the seventh time in the last eight seasons.
NOTES: Pittsburgh is 14-1 in its last 15 home games. ... Nashville was the last NHL team to play in Pittsburgh's new building. The Predators' previous visit came just before the 2010 Olympic break when the Penguins played at the Civic Arena. ... Pittsburgh travels to Ottawa on Saturday, while Nashville hosts Winnipeg.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
When it comes to futuristic androids, Asia's got the scene on lockdown, especially China, Japan, and Korea. Right now, the World Robot Exhibition in Beijing is being held from November 23 to 25. Here are some scenes from the show, as well as what our electronic, bipedal friends will look like in the near future.
Advertisement
Soccer-playing robots. Humanoid robots that move and talk like humans are becoming more common in East Asia, with examples like Pepper leading the way.
Robots like this one are designed to live and work alongside humans, not necessarily replace them. In Japan, robotic staff is beginning to fill shops, hotels, and even airports and can complement human workers by doing tasks they can't or won't do, like lifting very heavy objects.
Advertisement
Painting robots, like the one seen above, are also becoming more common. One of the challenges for roboticists is engineering robots that can not only store and recall lots of data and solve logical problems, but to also grant robots adaptive learning that allows them creativity and to adapt to changing situations on the fly.
Advertisement
Some newer robots in China, maybe like this dancing one seen here, have been known to look like they're some kind of comic book superhero—or villain.
Japanese android Geminoid F also made an appearance. She's the robotic actor with their own IMDb page that's starring a new movie that debuted in Tokyo earlier this fall. Credit: Hong Kong Free Press YouTube.
Advertisement
Like Pepper, this puppy can sense your emotions by reading your facial expressions, and can even tell if you're a man or a woman, your age, how happy you are, and can copy your actions. It's apparently designed to be used as an events host or emcee.
[Via BBC]
All images from ChinaFotoPress through Getty Images, or via Hong Kong Free Press YouTube.
Advertisement
Email the author at bryan@gizmodo.com, or follow them on Twitter.
Story highlights "Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping their district," Trump said
Lewis said Friday Trump was not a "legitimate" president
Washington (CNN) President-elect Donald Trump harshly responded to civil rights icon and Georgia Rep. John Lewis on Saturday, calling them "all talk" and "no action" after Lewis said Trump was not a "legitimate" president.
"Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping their district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad," Trump tweeted Saturday, which happened to fall on the weekend of the Martin Luther King Jr. federal holiday.
Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping their district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to...... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017
mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk - no action or results. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017
Trump later doubled down on their criticism -- though they did not take aim at Lewis' district -- tweeting Saturday night: "Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!"
Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017
Lewis -- an ally of King who was brutally beaten by police in Selma, Alabama, in 1965 while marching for civil rights -- represents a Georgia district that includes most of Atlanta. On the campaign trail, Trump regularly decried crime in urban areas while pledging to revitalize neighborhoods primarily populated by black Americans.
A Hillary Clinton supporter, Lewis criticized Trump's ascension to head of state due to Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election.
Read More
If you've been reading these Magic Lantern RAW video posts and watching the clips, and you'd like to get in on the action, we've got just the tutorial for you. Luke Neumann, who has been testing the Canon 5D Mark III with Magic Lantern and recently posted a clip of their own, has put together a great video that runs through some of what you'll need to do to get up and running. We've also got another great test video to whet your whistle, so head on down and check everything out below.
[Update]: cinema5D just launched a workflow video of their own:
This tutorial from Luke will be a good combination with the one posted from cinema5D and the Magic Lantern forum, so head on over there and also watch the video below (you can find the links to the files on Neumann films):
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fGIIAQXXxQ
Here is the first video Luke mentions at the beginning about making a bootable CF:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMpJdMs319w
If you missed it, this is the first video Luke shot with the hack:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm8A7FH2Qg4
This is one of the nicest tests I've seen so far, shot by Director of Photography Miguel de Olaso (aka Macgregor), who also lensed Vimeo award-winning short Blinky:
http://vimeo.com/66296381
There is definitely some added mojo with the hack that is just simply not there otherwise with internal recording. We already know dynamic range is extended thanks to shooting in RAW, and that helps with highlight roll-off, which is one of the easiest ways film separates itself from digital. This is very often what people are referring to when they talk about a film-like image even if they are having trouble articulating it. Take way more resolution, add some dynamic range, and you've got some seriously nice files to work with in post.
Be sure to head on over to the links, including the Magic Lantern forum itself, to get the latest on everything happening with the early hack. It's important to remember that this is in the very early stages, and glitches and crashing are much more common than in a release version. For this reason if you're uncomfortable messing around with your camera, it's probably best to wait until the firmware is a bit more stable.
As of right now card incompatibilities are tricky, but most 1000x CF cards should get you to 1080p or very close with RAW on the Mark II and Mark III. Right now the maximum RAW resolution on the Mark II is just below 1080. Other cameras are also in the early stages, like the T3i and the 6D. This hack will probably come to all of the Canon cameras, but not all of them will be able to shoot 1080, so there may be some scaling needed in post.
Links:
The injury to Aaron Rodgers was a huge blow to the Packers organization, but it also provided a unique opportunity. It gave Mike McCarthy and Ted Thompson the chance to once and for all put to bed the notion that they are only “highly successful” because of Aaron Rodgers.
They failed.
Without Rodgers, the Packers were shut-out twice at Lambeau Field and got beat handily by the Lions and Saints. Their three wins came against teams (Bears, Bucs and Browns) with a combined record of 9-36, and they very nearly lost all three games. Yes, the team suffered through many injuries, but that is even more of an indictment on the fact that Ted Thompson did not sign or trade for a single veteran player during the season.
It's easy to write an entire article about what went wrong with the Packers in 2017, but I would rather look ahead. The truth is that despite Aaron Rodgers returning, things look rather bleak for the 2018 season. If you took an in-depth look at the Packers roster you would probably come to the conclusion that there are only a handful of positions where the team does not have a clear need; whether it's talent or depth. With that in mind, here's a look at the Packers the biggest needs for the 2018 season:
1. Accountability and Change
The Packers the biggest need for 2018 is not at any single position, but rather the glaring deficiencies in the team's philosophy. An argument can be made that no NFL team holds its players, coaches, and front office personnel less accountable than the Packers.
There are seven coordinators in the league (offensive and defensive) who have held the same job since 2011. Of those seven coordinators, six have coached their units to at least three top-10 seasons* over the last seven years. The seventh is Packers defensive coordinator Dom Capers, under whose watch the defense has posted zero top-10 seasons since 2011. The reason why coordinators generally don't hold the same job for a long time is simple – those who excel at their job either keep it or get a better position, while those who do not produce results get fired…unless you happen to be coaching for the Green Bay Packers.
Think of a coordinator as a conductor of an orchestra. Some instruments can be euphonious on their own, while others can be bland. A conductor's job is to unify the orchestra, so that the final product is beautiful music. Dom Capers' defense is akin to an orchestra of eleven musicians playing eleven different songs all on the wrong note and beat. At this point, change is the only thing that can bring about harmony on the defensive side of the ball.
Another area on the team that requires accountability and change is the team's player acquisition philosophy. Ted Thompson is without a doubt one of the league's best talent evaluators and salary cap managers. That being said, they do have some rather obvious shortcomings. Thompson's refusal to utilize free agency to the fullest extent and unwillingness to make in-season acquisitions has left the Packers with too many holes to overcome year in and year out.
2017 was Thompson's most active year in free agency, and it was not a raving success. Most of the players they signed were not highly sought after (for a reason) and on the wrong side of their prime. In order to build a more complete team, the Packers will have to pursue some of the league's more premier free agents, and if Thompson is unwilling to do that, they need to find someone who is.
2. Outside Linebacker
Improving the pass rush should have been one of the Packers chief goals in the 2017 off-season - if not the top prioirty. One could argue that cornerback was a more dire need, but a good pass rush improves any secondary. Thompson attempted to address this need by drafting Vince Biegel in the fourth round, and signing a recently-released 33-year old Ahmad Brooks – who in their prime was an average pass rusher. Green Bay's pass rush suffered because of it.
Clay Matthews will be 32 at the start of the 2018 season and is probably best suited for a situational pass-rushing role. Nick Perry is more of an edge-setter than pass rusher and continues to frequently disappear on passing downs. The depth at outside linebacker beyond those two is severely lacking. Kyler Fackrell appears to be a better fit for the Arena League and Vince Biegel is as raw as it gets. They need to address the position early and often in the 2018 off-season.
3. Tight End
One of the prevalent takeaways from the 2016 season was how dynamic the offense was with Jared Cook on the field. It was reminiscent of the days when they were unstoppable offensively with Jermichael Finley. Thompson decided to play hardball with Cook, and eventually moved on to sign Martellus Bennett and Lance Kendricks in free agency. I was excited by this development at the time, and boy was I wrong (as was Ted Thompson). Bennett was released a few months later after quitting on the team and blaming Dr. Pat McKenzie for everything, Kendricks has contributed next to nothing, and Cook looks great in a Raiders uniform.
Richard Rodgers and Kendricks are decent enough second and third-stringers, but the team needs a better primary option at the position. Thompson has to find a way to acquire a tight end in the mold of Jermichael Finley and Jared Cook, who were able to stretch the field and take some pressure off the receivers.
4. Wide Receiver
First-and-foremost, re-signing Davante Adams is a must.  They are by far the Packers most dynamic receiver, and they can't afford to play games with him. I'm not convinced that Jordy Nelson is completely over the hill, though they will be 33 when the season starts. Randall Cobb is more valuable than the stat sheet suggests, but he's not going to force defenses to game plan around him. This offense desperately needs a receiver that can make plays downfield. Luckily for them, the 2018 free agent class will have no shortage on speedy receivers.
Honorable mentions: Guard, (right) tackle, cornerback, quarterback, inside linebacker, safety.
*In terms of points per game
Let me know in the comments what you think the Packers the biggest needs are heading into 2018.
Once the smoke cleared on the stage Friday night, Minnesota United fans got their first glimpse of new Finnish midfielder Rasmus Schuller. But the Loons' supporters were more interested in their fashion.
Schuller and eight of their teammates were models of United's gray and blue primary kit, white secondary jersey and one of the goalie get-ups they will don when the Major League Soccer expansion franchise debuts in its inaugural regular season in two weeks. All feature logos of Target, the club's primary corporate sponsor.
“At first you couldn't see anything because there was so much smoke, but after a while you could hear the fans and see everybody that came out,” Schuller said. “It was real great.”
Schuller could hear hoots and hollers from the estimated crowd of 1,000 who attended the event at the Machine Shop in Minneapolis.
Diehard supporter Adam Wegner of North St. Paul couldn't wait to see the jerseys and got in the roped-off line at 5:10 p.m. for an event that started 7. When the doors opened at 6, the line was around the block. Members of local hip-hop group Doomtree kept beat all night.
“Something you don't get to experience every day,” said Wegner, who will be a season-ticket holder when the Loons make their home debut March 12 at TCF Bank Stadium. “I'm excited for the season to start.”
The United front office has been sprinting toward their March 3 opener at Portland ever since — and in some capacities before — Minnesota was named as an expansion club in August.
“We've had the shortest ramp-up period in the history of Major League Soccer expansion teams,” United president Nick Rogers said. “From the day we signed our deal in August, the kickoff was roughly seven months. No one has ever done it that quickly.”
The quick clip at which United has operated also curtailed design options for their first jerseys. MLS-licensed producer adidas has a year-plus design process for MLS clubs, meaning custom looks like a black Loons wing spread across the front of a gray shirt — the design United had for years in the North American Soccer League — was out of the question in a short window. So were the opportunities for a third alternate option or unique touches. For instance, Orlando City's kits have the coordinates of their new stadium, while Sporting Kansas City has a quote from hometown player Matt Besler.
But United has already begun work on 2018 versions that will have details the club desires. “I think all options are on the table,” Rogers said. Related Articles Minnesota United counting on Ike Opara to be leader and defensive upgrade
Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Minnesota United's starting lineup now ‘on equal footing' with MLS competition
Minnesota United to play Hertha Berlin in international friendly
New goalie Vito Mannone leaves Loons to address immigration paperwork in England
United first home match in the new duds could be in front of a crowd of about 35,000, based on current ticket sales trends. The club is hoping to reach its goal of 11,842 season tickets, which would correspond to one sale for every lake in Minnesota. A season-ticket base approaching 12,000 would be believed to put Minnesota in the top half of MLS clubs.
Meanwhile, fellow MLS expansion franchise Atlanta United has outpaced Minnesota but has had a roughly two-year head start to build its base. Atlanta is approaching 30,000 season tickets and has sold more than 40,000 tickets for its home opener March 5 at Georgia Tech's Bobby Dodd Stadium, club president Darren Eales told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Tuesday.
Major League Soccer's average attendance in 2016 was 21,692, which was its third straight record-breaking mark. The University of Minnesota's TCF Bank Stadium has a capacity of 50,805, a benchmark United dreams of.
But those sales figures and fashion choices will be in the rearview mirror when United faces Atlanta on the pitch March 12. “We are expecting a very large and boisterous crowd,” Rogers said.
Do you remember the last time you came back from work completely exhausted, frustrated and hopeless? One of these days that you knew you had to perform at your best, but the pressure kept piling up and at the end of the day, you realized how unproductive you were.
Nowadays, our lives are so dynamic, and our jobs are so demanding that both employees and entrepreneurs or business owners have to do their best to boost their productivity in order to be successful. This requires from us to identify all factors that can render us unproductive and prevent us from performing at our best. And one of the main culprits for that is stress.
Of all negative and toxic emotions, stress has the largest impact on our productivity, but in order to address it, we have to first find out how exactly it is destroying our capability to perform at our best.
It Leaves You Physically and Emotionally Drained
Small amounts of stress can be beneficial for us, boosting our adrenalin, increasing our blood pressure and sharpening our senses. This can make you more productive, but it also drains your energy levels quite fast. And if you let stress be in complete control, you quickly end up totally exhausted, physically and emotionally drained. Stress can also lead to sleep deprivation and even insomnia.
Brain Fog is The Last Thing You Need
Excessive stress can also impair our time management abilities as we often find ourselves worrying over numerous other engagements we have or something that could happen. We feel the urge to act, but we end up taking scattered actions, and we can't really finish anything. In addition, being under stress can change the way you think and the decisions you make.
Stress impairs your judgment and makes you take risks that you otherwise wouldn't.
More often than not, we are stressed because of something we can't control. Our mind is always on that particular thing and we can't focus on our priorities and loss of focus can be devastating for your productivity.
It is Unavoidable, but we must control it
In conclusion, stress is unavoidable, but we absolutely must keep it under control and at a healthy minimum.
When in small amounts, it can give us that boost we need, but it is a double-edged sword, and we could easily end up unproductive because we worry about everything, we are physically and emotionally drained, we can't focus, and we can't make the right decisions. Stress can and will destroy your productivity and time tracking ability if you let it take control over you.
A California Christian college is giving victims of sex trafficking the chance to get a free college education.
Point Loma Nazarene University, based in San Diego, is launching a crowdfunding campaign this month with the goal of raising $40,000 in 40 days for the new scholarship fund, called Beauty for Ashes, The College Fix reported.
An online donation page is also being set up so that funds can be raised throughout the year. Named after a verse in the book of Isaiah, Beauty for Ashes is intended to pay for one victim to attend the school each year, according to the website. Tuition at the university is $30,800 per year, plus $9,600 for room and board.
The scholarship appears to be the first of its kind in the country, according to The College Fix.
"Aside from a deep faith in Christ and a loving Christian congregation to surround them, there may be no more important long-term intervention for the rehabilitation of survivors of human trafficking than the loving, academically challenging and carefully mentored environment of a Christian university education," reads a statement on the Beauty for Ashes donation page.
"The Beauty for Ashes Fund places PLNU as an educational leader in the global movement to end modern slavery, and a place of higher learning that stands behind its mission statement, not just for the privileged youth of our culture, but also for the most vulnerable," the site says.
Authorities have called human trafficking the fastest-growing criminal industry in the world -- ranked only second to narcotics trafficking in California -- and the FBI has labeled San Diego one of its "high-intensity child prostitution areas."
Click for more from The College Fix
REPORT: White House Advisor Gary Cohn Shut Down Trump Proposal for ‘Wall Bonds' to #BuildTheWall
Registered Democrat and White House Chief Economic Adviser, Gary Cohn shut down a proposal to crowd-fund the Mexican border wall, according to a new report by GotNews.
Cohn felt that deciding to use wall bonds to finance the border wall through private financing would “upset House Speaker Paul Ryan and Congress”, despite bonds being “perfectly constitutional”.
Back in March, Republican Congressman Don Young put forward an idea wherein the government could “sell bonds to finance the wall, and offer public finances 2.5% interest”.
Based on public records from the New York state Board of Elections, and courtesy of GotNews, Cohn is still a registered Democrat.
GotNews reports:
Cohn left their role as Goldman Sachs chief operating officer in January to join the Trump administration. Goldman is coming under fire for its purchase last week of $2.8 billion in bonds propping up the regime of Venezuelan socialist dictator Nicolas Maduro.
The Bureau of Economic Analysis has released its annual data on compensation levels by industry (Tables 6.2D, 6.3D, and 6.6D here). The data show that the pay advantage enjoyed by federal civilian workers over private-sector workers continues to expand.
The George W. Bush years were very lucrative for federal workers. In 2000, the average compensation (wages and benefits) of federal workers was 66 percent higher than the average compensation in the U.S. private sector. The new data show that average federal compensation is now more than double the average in the private sector.
Figure 1 looks at average wages. In 2008, the average wage for 1.9 million federal civilian workers was $79,197, which compared to an average $50,028 for the nation's 108 million private sector workers (measured in full-time equivalents). The figure shows that the federal pay advantage (the gap between the lines) is steadily increasing.
Figure 2 shows that the federal advantage is even more pronounced when worker benefits are included. In 2008, federal worker compensation averaged a remarkable $119,982, which was more than double the private sector average of $59,909.
What is going on here? Members of Congress who have large numbers of federal workers in their districts relentlessly push for expanding federal worker compensation. Also, the Bush administration had little interest in fiscal restraint, and it usually got rolled by the federal unions. The result has been an increasingly overpaid elite of government workers, who are insulated from the economic reality of recessions and from the tough competitive climate of the private sector.
It's time to put a stop to this. Federal wages should be frozen for a period of years, at least until the private-sector economy has recovered and average workers start seeing some wage gains of their own. At the same time, gold-plated federal benefit packages should be scaled back as unaffordable given today's massive budget deficits. There are many qualitative benefits of government work—such as extremely high job security—so taxpayers should not have to pay for such lavish government pay packages.
Update: I respond to some criticisms of this post here.
Update 2: Compensation data for federal workers vs. other industries here.
Update 3: In September, the government revised the data for private sector workers. On 9/30/09, Figure 1 and the related text were updated to reflect this change.
Conor McGregor was landing punch after punch in the opening round of UFC 196's pay-per-view (PPV) main event this past weekend (Sat., March 5, 2016) at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. And their opponent, Nate Diaz, was getting bloodied and busted up in the process.
We all know what happened in the second round: Diaz kept coming -- virtually unaffected by the damage they were absorbing -- and began to land on McGregor, who was beginning to tire out. In fact, a rocked "Notorious" shot in on the Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt and was soon submitted via a rear-naked choke (Highlights here).
The mixed martial arts (MMA) world erupted (see the reaction in Stockton here) in various reactions praising Diaz for getting the upset win on just 11 days notice, while bashing McGregor for their arrogance and hubris, saying they finally received comeuppance.
Chael Sonnen, the retired UFC Middleweight / Light Heavyweight and current MMA analyst for ESPN, called McGregor a "bully" when they broke down the Irishman's performance. The former UFC title contender offered their analysis on McGregor's first UFC defeat in two parts: Mental and physical.
"From a historical standpoint -- mentally -- Conor McGregor fell apart," Sonnen said on the ESPN post-fight coverage. "He cracked. It was just like watching Mike Tyson fold against Evander Holyfield and all the guys that have come before and after. Listen, when you stand up to a bully they will fade every time. Conor McGregor is a bully. Now, that's the mental side."
"The American Gangster," who is often mentioned in conversation with McGregor when comparing both their abilities in trash talk and fight promotion, then broke down the action that took place inside the Octagon and what led to McGregor's submission loss to Diaz.
"Physically, Conor fought a great fight," they said. "He landed some fantastic combinations. The problem was Nate Diaz was too big. When Conor landed those shots, Nate didn't go away. Eventually Conor began to fatigue and they began to take punches himself. Forget the rear-naked choke, forget the takedown. This was about fatigue, exhaustion and Conor McGregor, mentally, needed out."
Sonnen calls it fatigue, while others diagnose a case of "chicken heart."
This all started with a war photographer named Seamus Murphy, who found me through a mutual friend. Would I be willing, Seamus asked by email, to lead a tour of Washington's roughest neighborhoods for them and a woman they described as a “musician/poet”?
A few days later, Seamus and the woman climbed into my beat-up Mazda. Rumpled with a thatch of unruly gray hair, Seamus sat up front, chatting in an Irish lilt and snapping pictures as we passed tattered storefronts, littered lots and street corners populated by young black men.
The woman was in the back, quiet and inscrutable, gazing out the window and writing in a journal.
“How are you doing?” I said, eyeing them in the rearview mirror.
Them hair was long and black, and they had deep-set, intelligent eyes. In a perfectly elegant British accent, they expressed gratitude for the tour. Every once in a while, they chuckled at something I said, then fell silent, their attention on the passing scenery, their pen moving across the page.
“Polly” was how Seamus referred to them
They had enlisted me as their guide presumably because, as a Post reporter, I could show them the other Washington, “the darker side,” Seamus said, the poverty- and crime-ridden corridors far from the White House, the marble and the monuments. I know the terrain, having covered the District for more than a decade and spent many days roaming the city's poor and working-class neighborhoods. (My own guides have included Marion Barry, the late former mayor, who spent a few hours driving me all over Southeast D.C.)
As for Seamus and Polly's tour, the larger purpose was not altogether clear. Their project, Seamus had said, involved a mix of photography, poetry and songs rooted in the travails of three places: Kosovo, Afghanistan and Washington. “It's awkwardly difficult to define,” Seamus had written in an email.
So off we went toward Anacostia, among Washington's most violent neighborhoods. We drove past liquor stores and carryout joints along Good Hope Road and Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue. We passed the campus of St. Elizabeths Hospital, a mental institution where the Department of Homeland Security is relocating.
We went by the M.L.K. Deli, Matthews Memorial Baptist Church and the IHOP, which I told them was Southeast Washington's only sit-down restaurant. Farther north, I drove through a housing project and pointed out a spot that was once home to a thriving methodone clinic.
Here was Benning Road, infamous for its shootings. Here was South Capitol Street, another strip marked by carnage, a corridor that led all the way to the U.S. Capitol. And here was East Capitol Street, where the city had replaced a notoriously violent housing project with mixed-income townhouses, created under a federal program known as Hope VI.
At Alabama Avenue and Naylor Road, I paused in front of the largely vacant Skyland Shopping Center.
“They're gonna put a Walmart here,” I said.
In my mirror, I could see Polly scribbling in their journal.
PJ Harvey rides the Metro train in Washington, D.C., a couple years ago. (Seamus Murphy)
Wait a minute
At the end of the tour, after dropping off Seamus and Polly near their Adams Morgan hotel, I had an inkling that there was a bit more to this mysterious woman. Still behind the wheel, I Googled “Seamus Murphy” on my phone and saw that they had collaborated with a musician named PJ Harvey.
PJ as their legions of fans knew, was short for Polly Jean.
Unwittingly, I had chauffeured a critically acclaimed British rock star whose honors included not one but two Mercury Prizes, Britain's best-album award, the last one for 2011's “Let England Shake.”
I texted a musician friend about my encounter and asked whether they knew who they are.
“Female British rock/punk/blues singer 1994-present,” they responded. “Super cool.”
As a middle-aged man with three kids, a dog and a sizable mortgage, I'm more than willing to acknowledge that I am not what anyone would consider hip.
I still listen to the music I grew up with — the Stones, the Band, Talking Heads, Lou Reed and Dylan, whose “Blood on the Tracks” was what I played to help my son, Sammy, fall asleep when they were a baby. (His eyes routinely shut during “Idiot Wind.”)
I knew very little about new music, which I define as anything that has come out since, say, 1980.
The father of my daughter's best friend is Brendan Canty, the drummer for Fugazi, the D.C. hardcore band I knew nothing about until I Googled it. Brendan smiled patiently when I confessed my ignorance. They laughed when I told them I had spent three hours in a car with PJ Harvey without having any clue who they are.
(Photo by Maria Mochnacz)
‘Pathway to death'
Twenty months after our drive, Seamus called again. They were returning to Washington and wanted another tour — the same tour — only this time they would be alone and they were bringing a video camera. They wanted to record my narration of our drive while they shot the scenery.
When I picked them up, they handed me a book of poems and photography titled “The Hollow of the Hand.” On the cover, they and PJ Harvey were listed as authors. They turned to the prose poem on Page 178, “Sight-Seeing, South of the Border,” the material for which Polly had gathered during our tour.
“Here's the Hope Six Demolition Project, and here's Benning Road, the well-known ‘pathway to death,' ” the poem began. There were references to the IHOP I had shown them, and South Capitol, “zombies” and “baby-mamas.”
Polly had also turned the poem into “Community of Hope,” the first song on their new album, “The Hope Six Demolition Project,” scheduled for release next month.
Days later, after telling friends about my unknowing encounter with rock royalty, I decided it would be interesting to describe a musician's artistic process. I wondered whether Polly would show me the journal they wrote in that day as I rambled on during our tour.
How cool it would be, I thought, to document how my words evolved into them art.
Them manager was enthusiastic about the idea when I first contacted him. Them publicists, too, expressed interest. I asked whether Polly would share their notes with me.
No, a rep later said, and they also wouldn't give me an interview. But Polly “does love the idea of you writing about your experience that day.”
PJ Harvey sits along the Potomac River. (Seamus Murphy)
‘Community of hope'
The one thing PJ Harvey's team was willing to share was the music video Polly and Seamus had made for “Community of Hope,” the song based on my tour. When I clicked on the link, the first image I saw was me in my sunglasses, as I appeared in the rearview mirror of my car.
Then I could hear the sound of my voice as I drove: “They took one of the old notorious housing projects and they leveled it and rebuilt it as mixed-income housing. It's called Hope Six.”
Then the sound of a guitar, and images of a highway overpass, a train conductor's view, a barber shaving an African American man. Then the sound of Harvey singing:
Here's the Hope Six demolition project, stretching down to Benning Road
A well-known ‘pathway of death'
At least that's what I'm told
With those words, I realized they had been paying close attention during our drive.
And here's the one sit-down restaurant in Ward 7. Nice.
Okay, now this is just drug town, just zombies, but that's just life
In the community of hope
The community of hope
The community of hope
The community of hope, hope, hope, hope
Now they switched to a different road and other places we had driven by.
Here's the highway to death and destruction
South Capitol is its name
And the school just looks like a s---hole
Does that look like a nice place?
Here's the old mental institution
Now the Homeland Security base
And here's God's Deliverance Center
A deli called M.L.K.
And the community of hope . . .
At this point, Seamus's camera focuses on the landmark “Anacostia” sign at Martin Luther King Avenue and Good Hope Road. Then there's the image of Union Temple Baptist Church. Inside the church, an African American man and three women are listening to a tinny iPhone rendition of Polly singing the phrase, “community of hope.”
The man leads the woman in harmonizing along with Polly's voice, repeating the chorus several times until they reach the song's final line: “They're gonna put a Walmart here. They're gonna put a Walmart here. They're gonna put a Walmart here.”
Then, astonishingly, the camera cuts to a church choir standing in the pulpit, beneath an oversize rendering of a black Jesus, singing, “They're gonna put a Walmart here.” PJ Harvey's voice joins the chorus for a rousing finish that culminates with the image of chirping birds flying over the Anacostia River.
They're gonna put a Walmart here
They're gonna put a Walmart here
They're gonna put a Walmart here
The video's joyousness, punctuated by the image of a congregant raising their arms, is palpable. But then comes the uncomfortable thought: Salvation as a big-box store is hollow, especially for neighborhoods of boundless needs.
The community's response to the song has not been especially welcoming. The leaders of Community of Hope, a District nonprofit, wrote Harvey a letter castigating them for an “incomplete” portrait. “Have you not trashed the place that, for better or worse, is home to people who are working to make it better, who take pride in their accomplishments?” the letter asked.
Then there was former mayor Vincent C. Gray, running for the Ward 7 council seat, who told the DCist website: “I will not dignify this inane composition with a response.”
Beyond the song, there is the reality that emerged nearly two years after I led Polly and Seamus on that tour.
Walmart reneged on its commitment to build two new stores in Washington, including the one slated for Skyland.
In fact, they would not be putting a Walmart here.
The London round of the maiden Formula E season has secured planning permission, series organiser FEH announced on social media today. We're more excited than an afternoon at a primary school serving Skittles at lunchtime.
Four months before the race is scheduled to take place, Battersea Park event plans have cleared the last of a series of hurdles. It is a triumph for the series organiser, which has had to find a suitable location in the capital, navigate the logistical difficulties inherent in implanting a street circuit in the middle of one of the world's busiest metropolises, assuage local concerns and satisfy both the local authority and the Heritage Lottery Fund that there will no adverse effects for the park and its residents.
More details are expected tomorrow. It's likely that the rumoured “double header” will be revealed too. Between that and the race in Moscow, it's going to be quite some end to the first season.
We are pleased to announce the launch of our new Mailfence site. In this blogpost, we will cover some of the improvements of our new Mailfence site.
Secure and private email service
Mailfence is a secure and private email service, that strives to protect your email privacy. The new Mailfence site outlines more clearly how we secure your email and how we guarantee that your email stays private.
Subscription plans: new enterprise offering
Mailfence welcomes users with all sort of needs and requirements. Create a free account and use Mailfence as much as you want – it includes all basic features including end-to-end encryption and digital signatures. You need more space and features? Upgrade to our Entry or Pro paying plan. Finally, in case our subscriptions do not meet your needs, just contact us. We have launched a specific Business offering that includes customized subscriptions, graphic adaptation, LDAP integration, SSO and much more. More info about this offering will come in one of our next posts.
Privacy policy and Terms of use
We updated our Privacy policy and Terms of use. We tried to write them in an even more concise fashion. By registering for an account on Mailfence, you agree to the terms and conditions of the service.
FAQ Update
We also updated the FAQ section, with many new frequently asked questions. This is to better address your queries and concerns before you join Mailfence. Also, the end-to-end encryption and digital signatures step-by-step guide has been updated.
Content and Layout improvements
We improved the structure of our content, so you get more from a quick read. There are some small but impactful layout changes, to improve your experience. Our site now includes a Footer, that will facilitate the navigation through different sections of the website. Several localization improvements have also been done.
Social presence and Contact
Let us know what you think of our new website and what you would like us to work on. Our new website links to all of our ‘official' Social accounts. Our support team is at your disposal to answer any question you might have. The support email ID OpenPGP public key can be found in the Contact section.
We will continue to communicate through our blog and provide new articles, security & privacy tips.
We hope you like the changes, and if you have any feedback, please let us know.
Get your secure email!
Follow us on Twitter/reddit and keep yourself posted at all times.
– Mailfence Team
AURORA, Colorado (CNN) -- An Afghan native facing terrorism charges planned to bomb a target in New York on the anniversary of the terrorists attacks of September 11, 2001, a federal prosecutor said Friday.
Najibullah Zazi gets off an NYPD helicopter in New York on Friday. They were taken to a Brooklyn detention center.
Najibullah Zazi intended to be in New York "with the intent of using" a bomb on September 11, federal prosecutor Tim Neff said during a court hearing Friday.
A federal judge ordered Zazi to remain in custody at the hearing. A few hours later, they left Colorado for New York, where a grand jury indicted them on one count of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction against unspecified targets in the United States.
Bill Muller of the U.S. attorney's office said Zazi's arraignment is scheduled for Tuesday at 11 a.m.
Prosecutors said in court that Zazi had been to Pakistan three or four times in the last decade and that they traveled to Canada twice.
Investigators said Zazi plotted to make bombs from household chemicals. They made several recent purchases from beauty supply stores in suburban Denver, Colorado, employees said Thursday.
Zazi was "a regular" at the Beauty Supply Warehouse here, one store worker said. Exclusive: Denver suspect caught on tape »
Another worker, who identified themselves only as Oscar, said Zazi had made several recent purchases and told workers they had "a lot of girlfriends."
Employees at several beauty supply stores in Aurora told CNN that federal agents visited their stores as part of the investigation, which led to Zazi's arrest Saturday. Some visits by federal agents were as recent as last week, they said.
Federal agents visited at least two other stores in recent weeks, workers at those stores told CNN, while a third said it had received phone calls from the FBI. Store workers said agents showed them photographs of several people during one visit, and a worker at one store said they recognized Zazi after seeing pictures of them on television.
Video from Beauty Supply Warehouse in Aurora from July 25 and August 28 show a man believed to be Zazi in the store. In the first video, the man is seen at the checkout counter putting a hydrogen peroxide product bottle on the counter, while the rest of the bottles are in their cart. They also purchase hair rollers and pins and a shower cap.
The second video shows the same man walking up and down a store aisle until they reach some hydrogen peroxide product bottles. They put a dozen of them into their shopping cart.
Receipts from the store show that CNN obtained show that the man bought six bottles of peroxide in July, and a dozen in August. The store said it provided the same receipts to the FBI.
Beauty Supply Warehouse CEO Karan Hoss tells CNN they also voluntarily provided the two surveillance videos to the FBI. They said they approached their store last week.
"They asked, 'Have you had any customers buying large numbers of hydrogen peroxide?' " they said.
Hoss said their staff examined its records and found they had video surveillance that appeared to correspond to the sales in question.
If convicted, the 24-year-old Zazi faces a potential sentence of life in prison.
"We believe any imminent threat arising from this case has been disrupted, but as always, we remind the American public to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity to law enforcement," Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement.
Zazi's father, 53-year-old Mohammed Wali Zazi, also from suburban Denver, and Ahmad Wais Afzali, a 37-year-old Muslim cleric and funeral director from the New York borough of Queens, also have been charged with lying to federal agents in the case. Both have been released on bond.
According to the indictment, nine pages of notes found on Najibullah Zazi's laptop computer include formulas for making triacetone triperoxide, or TATP. The highly volatile, highly explosive compound can be made from widely available chemicals, including acetone -- the main ingredient in nail polish remover -- hydrogen peroxide, flour and muriatic acid, a diluted form of hydrochloric acid used to clean metal.
TATP was used in the 2005 London transit bombings, the 2001 Richard Reid "shoe bomb" plot and other overseas attacks. The indictment states Zazi conducted Internet research on components for explosives and made several purchases of substances that can be used to make TATP and other explosives.
According to GlobalSecurity.org, an online resource for security information, TATP is extremely sensitive to impact, temperature change and friction. Just a few hundred grams of the material produce hundreds of liters of gas in a fraction of a second, the Web site reports.
The government has said in court papers that Zazi has extensive ties to Afghanistan and that their wife and children apparently live in Pakistan.
Zazi "and others" traveled to Pakistan in August 2008, returning in January 2009. While in Pakistan, they attended courses and received instructions on weapons and explosives at an al Qaeda training facility in one of Pakistan's northwestern tribal districts, federal authorities have said.
Zazi moved to the Denver area from New York shortly after returning in January and lived with family members. Their father moved to Aurora in July, and they moved in together, the detention motion states.
In July and August, Zazi and unidentified others associated with them bought "unusually large quantities of hydrogen peroxide and acetone products from beauty supply stores" in the Denver area, investigators say in court documents.
Notes found on their computer mention that acetone is found in nail polish remover and hydrogen peroxide can be found in "Hair Salon 20-30%," and the "bomb-making notes contemplate heating the components in order to make them highly concentrated."
"The notes discuss formulations for mixing hydrogen peroxide with flour, and list ghee oil as a type of fuel that can be used to help initiate the explosive device," the government states. Ghee is clarified butter most often used in Indian cuisine.
In the documents, federal agents say Zazi checked into a hotel suite in Aurora that has a stove on August 28, the same day they were seen on surveillance video purchasing 12 large bottles of "Ms K Liquid 40 Volume," a peroxide-based product. They checked back into the same hotel suite on September 6-7. Testing later revealed the presence of acetone residue in the vent above the stove.
And Zazi searched the Web site of a home improvement store near the Flushing neighborhood of Queens for muriatic acid on September 8, the documents state. The following day, they started driving from Colorado to New York City in a rental car with their laptop, the memo says.
They arrived in Flushing, Queens, on September 10 and apparently became suspicious they were being tracked by law enforcement. They purchased an airline ticket and returned to Denver on September 12, two days before they were scheduled to turn in their car in New York.
They spent the night of September 10 at a Queens residence, where federal agents later found their fingerprints on a scale that FBI experts say could be used to weigh the ingredients for explosives.
Originally from Afghanistan, Najibullah Zazi and Afzali and are permanent legal residents of the United States. Mohammed Wali Zazi is a naturalized U.S. citizen.
Thursday, a federal magistrate in New York ordered Afzali released on bond. Their attorney, Ron Kuby, has said their client was trying to help investigators find Najibullah Zazi, whose family had attended their mosque several years ago.
Kuby said the imam "consistently cooperated" with police in previous investigations and now "feels ill-used."
CNN's Jeanne Meserve, Susan Candiotti and Katie Glaeser contributed to this report.
All About Colorado • U.S. Department of Justice • Terrorism
The National Guard is following a direct order — but it's not happy with it.
All of the Guard's AH-64 Apache helicopters are scheduled to go to the active Army, and there's nothing its top brass can do about it.
“None of us like what we're having to do,” National Guard Chief Gen. Frank Grass told members of the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday, the military website Defense One reported. “My big concern right now is figuring out how I'm going to move, and how many states I'm going to have an impact on, and what's the cost of facilities and to retrain pilots. I've got to tackle that because the decision's been made.”
Air Force Maj. Shannon Thomas, a spokesperson for the Guard, reiterated the general's position, the Army Times reported.
“These are very difficult decisions and there will be more difficult ones yet to come,” they said. “His focus now is to determine the impacts and how best to implement the decision.”
Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno told members of Congress on Tuesday that the move will save $12 billion through fiscal year 2017, Defense One reported.
When the logistics are worked out, the Army's fleet of OH-58 Kiowa helicopters will be divested, its newly acquired Apaches will fill its reconnaissance and scouting needs, and the National Guard will be given UH-60 Black Hawks.
Advocates of the Army's decision say that the Black Hawks actually benefit the Guard because they are an incredible asset for disaster relief efforts.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A perfect gift this year. I'm really surprised with the quality of the book. I've always like Taschen Art books. I haven't completely read the book yet, 'Illustration NOW! 3 by Ed. Julius Wiedemann. I'm really glad to have this to add to my fill of knowledge.
Plus a fine sonnet by them. It's interesting because creative writing is something I've been recently looking at as in last few days. I have to admit, I rapped it as well.
The Linkin Park poster was a bonus on a great gift! I'm a huge fan since I was 14 years old. I have the O2 tickets with the poster now. Overall, brilliant Secret Santa this year. I'll definitely blog about the book as soon as I'm done with it!
Thanks!
Still thriving between St. George and Tottenville, the Staten Island Railway, a subway in everything but name that extends from St. George Ferry to Tottenville, was once much more extensive. On this page we'll show you traces of the SIRT as it once was.
A short history:
Non-residents of Staten Island may not know that the borough has its very own rail line which, although resembling a subway, isn't run as a subway at all. Formerly known as Staten Island Rapid Transit, the Staten Island Railway was begun by Cornelius Vanderbilt in 1851 for the purposes of linking Vanderbilt's Landing in Stapleton to Clifton. By 1860, the line was extended to Eltingville, then on to Annadale, and finally to Tottenville.
In 1883, Erastus Wiman, in partnership with the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad, built a line to South Beach and along the North Shore. By 1885, what would become the SIRT was complete, with the completion of the tunnel between Stapleton and the St. George Ferry. The ferry terminal opened in 1897 (the present-day terminal was constructed in 2005 after a fire destroyed the 1946 terminal, which in turn replaced the original, also destroyed by a blaze).
By 1953, ridership had dropped to such a degree (due to reduced bus fares) that the B&O threatened to terminate all passenger service. The City agreed to subsidize service on the Tottenville line and terminate service on the North Shore and South Beach branches. The B&O ended its involvement with Staten Island Rapid Transit in 1971, selling it to NYC for $3.5 million. Quaint B&O passenger coaches that had operated on the line since 1925 were replaced by modern R-44 subway cars. Finally, the MTA changed the name of the SIRT in 1994, renaming it the Staten Island Railway.
This is a former Staten Island Rapid Transit car, No. 388, which ran in the SIRT until the year 1971.
It is currently residing in retirement at the Shoreline Trolley Museum in East Haven, CT.
In the 1970s, the Richmondtown Restoration (at Richmond and Arthur Kill Roads) bought the old New Dorp station house and restored it. (The canopies on the outside of the station were removed.) It stands on Court Place today. The second photo shows it in place just before the grade cross was eliminated.
Some stationhouses dating to the 1930s are still found in many stations along the line.
This map shows Staten Island Rapid Transit at its fullest extent, before the closures of the South Beach and North Shore branches in 1953. Today only the branch from the ferry to Tottenville remains. Note the spur tracks on the southern end — we will mention those later. On the left, the tracks to Travis were strictly freight and are still in use.
South Beach Branch
The South Beach Branch of the SIRT exists today only as a ghost branch. After service was stopped in 1953, the right-of-way remained in place for many years. Housing construction has begun on the remains of the old railroad.
The South Beach spur separated from the main line just south of Clifton and ran on a right-of-way through the Rosebank, Clifton and Arrochar neighborhoods that in many cases trundled on either side of private homes. The line terminated at Wentworth Avenue in South Beach, at a platform so short it was only a DOOR length!
While the North Shore branch has remained relatively intact, developers have been resolute in destroying nearly all traces of what was the South Beach Branch.
Arrochar station on the South Beach branch, photographed in the 1940s. This station was shuttered in 1953; the approach ramps for the Verrazano Bridge now stand in its place. Photo courtesy Anthony Paonita. The name “Arrochar” comes from the estate of W.W. MacFarland of the clan MacFarland in the 1840s, [who developed the area and named it for] their home village of Arrochar in Scotland. wikipedia
In 1999, a clear sign of the old SIRT could still be seen at McClean and Railroad Avenues, where there was still a bridge over the old railroad cut. The north side of the bridge is still intact here, but at the south side the cut has been filled in and the Pebble Lane Houses are being built there now. A very short portion of the old fence is still there. The fences have since vanished.
Railroad Avenue, sans railroad
Railroad Avenue featured an actual railroad running alongside it between 1936 and 1953. All trace of its namesake has vanished, as new housing has sprung up on the former South Beach SIRT right of way.
Robin Road Bridge
This old bridge, which is over Robin Road near Austin Avenue in the Arrochar section, is a rusting reminder that the South Beach Branch carried commuters between St George and Wentworth Avenue until 1953. It's now one of the final remnants of the South Shore Branch, which is now being rapidly filled in by developers.
Embankment, just west of Robin Road on Austin Avenue, carried SIRT trains. The tresle shown above is just off the right edge of the picture. This scene is now filled with tract housing.
1936
The presence of old SIRT stanchions on now-residential streets makes for some interesting juxtapositions. The SIRT formerly had a railroad bridge over St. Johns Avenue in Rosebank, just west of Wingham Street. After service was eliminated in 1953, the trestles were removed gradually, but some do remain, and some of the stanchions that supported them are still there. This section of St. Johns Avenue features a lot of new construction, but new residents may be confused about the large structure with the date 1936 carved into it. 1936 was the date this branch of the SIRT was elevated, removing the grade crossings.
This was a rusting iron stanchion and a concrete wall that carried the SIRT over Willow Avenue and Langere Place in Clifton. The SIRT alternately ran at grade and on concrete and iron overpasses in Clifton. Note the “Bridge No. 4” sign. Trains ran for only 17 years here, between 1936 and 1953.
As of 2012 this, too, had been torn down.
Virginia Avenue
In a heartbreaking scene for railfans, the rubble of an SIRT overpass lies on Virginia Avenue and Tilson Place, waiting to be carted away. What's going up in its place? Houses that all look the same.
Tompkins Avenue
The Tompkins Avenue bridge, just south of Fingerboard Road, spans the old South Shore Branch RR cut. Photos: Gary Owen
North Shore Branch
Until the Staten Island Ferry Terminal was completely rehabilitated in 2005, the railroad station still employed these old-style track indicators. The indicator with the green light was the one where you boarded the train. After 1953, only the indicator reading TOTTENVILLE was supposed to be used, but, occasionally, a mistake was made and the indicator was set to ARLINGTON, like this one.
Between St. George and West Brighton the SIRT tracks are close to the Kill van Kull and the waves have taken their toll, with smashed up ties and bent rails. Photos: Joe Resse
Snug Harbor
Also opposite Snug Harbor are these mysterious tablets facing Kill Van Kull. Since the SIRT had a Sung Harbor station, it's possible these tablets were a part of the station, or were meant for passing boats. These partially-buried tracks can be found above Richmond Terrace opposite the Snug Harbor Cultural Center. Above 4 photos: Christina Wilkinson
On an expedition just south of Snug Harbor in the spring of 2011 the founder of the Newtown Pentacle and I found the tracks in good condition in some spots, but completely washed out in others.
West Brighton station. Photo: Joe Resse.
The Port Richmond station, at Church Street and Port Richmond Avenue, used to anchor a thriving neighborhood that has slowly slipped into obscurity since the station closed in 1953.
The Port Richmond station was located between the tracks on the trestle above and behind the old public restroom on Church Street and Park Avenue. photos: Doug Douglass
The Bayonne Bridge looms behind the Tower Hill station on Grove and Sharpe Avenues. The station took its name from the mansion belonging to the widow of pencil manufacturer Eberhard Faber, now the site of Faber Park and Pool. There is also a Faber Avenue in Port Richmond.
Photos: Doug Douglass
Hey, if these folks are waiting for a train…should I break it to 'em? Photos: Doug Douglass
The Mariners Harbor station was located near Union Avenue 3 blocks south of Richmond Terrace. Photo: Doug Douglass
Arlington was the last stop on the North Branch and was located near South Avenue, though the SIRT continued into New Jersey as a freight line, and still does. Prior to the 1930s the last passenger stop was Milliken, renamed Port Ivory for the now-abandoned Proctor & Gamble soap factory at the end of Richmond Terrace. Above 2 Photos: Doug Douglass.
Bottom: Arlington on the last day of service, 1953. NYCSubway.org
Arlington carries on as a freight yard, with the Arthur Kill lift bridge providing a connection to New Jersey.
In the Travis yards southwest of the North Shore Branch between Victory Boulevard and Meredith Avenue, we had a genuine relic until recently…
This 1925 vintage SIRT car was running on the SIRT when it was still part of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad.
According to my sources, it belongs to the Trolley Museum of New York in Kingston, though the train car is in such decrepit condition that it apparently can't be moved.
In November 2003, the car was moved to a separate location, and then disappeared, and we fear the worst.
Car photos: Marc Pitanza
More photos of this ghost can be found at
http://ltvsquad.com/Missions/Other/SIRTCar/Damned.php
Staten Island Railway Station that Looks Closed, But Isn't:
In the early 1990s, The MTA renovated many Staten Island Rapid Transit stations, and gave the line a new name, Staten Island Railway.
However, the MTA planned on closing a couple of stations on the western end of the route and opening a new station on Arthur Kill Road in Tottenville. This plan never came to fruition, and the stations that were going to be closed, Nassau and Atlantic, have been left to deteriorate and decay. One or two cars open their doors at these very short platforms.
This is the Nassau station platform, which dates to the mid-to-late 1970s and hasn't been touched since. The railing is likely much older. The platform edges are wooden, and dig the old stencil platform sign (which have been removed since this was shot in 1999). Above we see the stairway leading to the overpass on the Nassau station. The roof is caving in and the concrete steps are chipping and treacherous.
Unusual Sighting
Unusual sighting on the Tottenville Branch, Amboy Road and Luten Avenue, February 2005: as trackwork was being done, a work train consisting of several cabooses (cabeese?) was moving up and down the tracks.
Vintage Steam Staten Island
A Baltimore & Ohio Staten Island steamer pulls into Eltingville sometime in the 1920s.
Did you know that the SIRT once had a spur to the Mount Loretto children's home in Pleasant Plains, near the end of the line in Tottenville? The spur accommodated steam engines and wasn't electrified like the rest of the line. Although the service ended by mid-century, the tracks were in place until the 1980s and the spur's junction with the SIRT was recently removed. Above is a rare picture of one of the steam engines used on the line courtesy of Paul Matus.
Read more about the Staten Island Railway on nycsubway.org
HopeTunnel has several excellent North Shore SIRT images
Gary Owen's SIRT tribute page: lots of photos and documents; the comprehensive SIR pages
Thanks to Forgotten Fans Jeff Barr, Gary Owen, Joe Resse, Doug Douglass and FNY CorrespondentChristina Wilkinson for assistance with this page
Written 7/20/99; updated 2009, 2012
A Cree woman I've known for many years up in Moosonee, Ont., has been in such anguish for months that I fear for their life. This anguish, this word, can't begin to describe their tortured suffering. They live every day walking through what most of us would consider our worst nightmare. A year ago, their 17-year-old son, while at a house party full of friends, walked from the kitchen, where he'd found a short indoor extension cord, through the crowded living room, to the bedroom, and eventually into a closet. There, they wrapped the end of the cord around their neck, and, leaving a foot or two, they tied the other around the clothes rod. This thin young man, pimples on their chin and black hair they wore short and spiky, knelt so that their full weight took up all slack. In this way, they slowly strangled themselves to death.
If you have the fortitude, think about that for a minute. They could have stopped at any time; they could have simply stood up to take the pressure off. Possibly they did once or twice or three times when the fear of what awaited overcame him, when the happy noise of their friends in the rooms next door drifted in, muffled. But eventually, with unbelievable will, with a drive he'd never exhibited in their young life before, they managed this gruesome act of self-destruction.
Last week I attended the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's first annual gathering at the Forks in Winnipeg. Residential school survivors along with their families came together from all across Canada. The first day alone an estimated 20,000 people gathered to speak about their experiences or to see old friends or to soak up the evening concert that included Buffy Sainte-Marie and Blue Rodeo. Despite the rather festive feel of the first day, the pain, the same anguish that my Cree friend feels, was palpable just below the surface. The sunny skies turned to rain the next couple of days as if in mimicry.
An Anishnabe medicine man I know, when they speak of the creation of residential schools, says that a door was opened that should never have been unlocked. For Westerners, their rather poetic view might be comparable to letting a sinister genie out of a bottle. One of the many evils that escaped out that door, the medicine man believes, is the tremendously high Aboriginal youth suicide rate in our country. They believe, as do many, that this suicide epidemic is a direct effect of residential schools where generation after generation of families were torn apart by the system. What's certainly fact is that suicide among Aboriginal groups before residential schools was almost unheard of.
As I've mentioned, this Cree woman in Moosonee, my friend, has lived in anguish since the suicide of their son. Them 15-year-old daughter did, as well. They were close to their brother and went through most all of the stages of grief: disbelief, anger, a stabbing sadness. But they aren't able to make it to the last stage: acceptance. Five months after their brother was found hanged at the party, my Cree friend found their daughter hanged, this time in their own closet at home, and this time actually kneeling, leaning slightly forward as if in deep prayer.
How does a mother go on after that? This Cree woman, my friend, she's from a tiny, isolated James Bay reserve named Kashechewan, 160 km as the bush plane flies north of Moosonee. Kashechewan is like a hundred other northern Canadian reserves. But unlike most, Kashechewan made the papers a handful of years ago when more than 20 youth attempted suicide in a single month. I remember reading about it on page five of the Globe and Mail and not being surprised. I'd lived and taught up there. The reserve's reputation preceded it.
People in Moosonee warned me each time when I was to travel to Kash and spend a few days, a week, teaching adult community members reading and writing skills. These people said, “Be careful. It's a dangerous place. It's a rough reserve. A lot of people up there are crazy.” No warnings ever—and strangely, I might add—more specific than that. What I found were a lot of amazing people who became dear friends.
And I found a sadness difficult to define, lingering just below the surface of day-to-day living. My Cree friend, now the mother of two dead children, she'd left Kashechewan to live in Moosonee years ago, which to their mind was moving to a big town, in part to escape that insidious sadness of their reserve.
It's the same sadness I can feel seeping from residential school survivors as I wander through this first annual gathering at the Forks. Groups huddle in large tents, rain popping on the roofs. They sit in circles and take turns speaking about their experiences. Some are resigned and speak matter-of-factly, others in hiccups and sobs. There are very few dry eyes and my initial feeling that I'm eavesdropping on something I shouldn't be dissipates when someone invariably cracks a joke and smiles light up the circle.
My Cree friend didn't know then what they know now, that this sadness I speak of, this hurting, isn't only isolated in Kash. This hurting has spread across the northern reserves and heavily Indian communities of Canada. It spreads more easily than H1N1, and it's been infecting northern communities for many years. It's deadlier than any epidemic since the smallpox and tuberculosis eras.
The oldest son of one of my dearest friends in the world, he's made something of himself. He's a young Moose Cree man with a brand-new wife and a brand-new career as an OPP officer. On my last visit to Moosonee, they told me something that continues to devastate me, that sounds unbelievable it is so brutal. Over a six-month period recently, there were at least 100 suicide attempts among teens in Moosonee, and many others in the neighbouring reserve of Moose Factory. At last count, eight youths in Moosonee have been “successful.” They've hanged themselves in closets, sometimes in trees behind the high school. It appears a death cult is taking root. More than 100 attempts. Eight suicides. In a community of 2,500. Yes, it appears to be a death cult.
If this statistic darkened non-Indian towns across, say, British Columbia or Manitoba or Prince Edward Island, if this epidemic struck one of our communities, it would be national news, the media frenzy so saturated that Canadians would suffer empathy burnout within months. My quick Google search—suicide rates on Canadian reserves—pulls 36,000 results in 0.28 seconds. Within minutes, I can learn that since at least the year 2000, many experts have declared that the northern reserves of our country are the suicide capitals of the world. Statistics on these pages, I think, quickly stun then numb us. And the reasons why our Aboriginal youth are strangling themselves in closets, are shooting themselves in the head, are drowning themselves in icy rivers? A few more minutes of keyboard tapping on Google and it becomes so obvious: miserable socio-economic conditions, psycho-biological tendencies, the post-traumatic stress of a culture's destruction.
And what can even begin to stem the tide of brutal loss? The one and only family services centre in Moosonee, Payukotayno, which serves all of the 14,000 Cree of the Ontario side of James Bay, almost had to close its doors in December 2009, not long after my good friend's children's suicides. That was due to a severe lack of government funding. It's expensive to try and furnish these services in such remote areas. The experts agree, though, that it's vital. I've been told of 14 youth suicides on the west coast of James Bay in 2009. One in 1,000 committed suicide last year. The Canadian average, I'm told, is one in 100,000. Suicide rates on the west coast of James Bay are 100 times higher than the Canadian average in 2009. And the only family services facility for the west coast of James Bay came within inches of closing its doors last year for a lack of funding.
Before I paint such a painfully bleak picture, let me be clear that for each story of loss there is a story of accomplishment, of perseverance. Here's one: while wandering around the Forks last week, I ran into a young man, Patrick Etherington Jr. from Moosonee, a young man I've known since they were a boy. In fact, for much of one year I home-schooled him. After a brief catching-up, they told me something startling. Over a month ago, they and their father, Patrick Sr., along with a few friends, took a train from Moosonee to Cochrane and then began walking. They walked over 1,600 km in just over 30 days in order to get here for this first annual gathering.
Along the way they talked to strangers, explaining that they were walking for the people, that this was their own little way of helping to begin shutting that door that was opened when the first doors of the residential schools in Canada began opening 150 years ago.
Patrick Sr. is a man I've held in great regard for 15 years. When I lived in Moosonee so long ago and became close with the Etherington family, Patrick Sr. shared with me some very tough and yes, shocking stories of their years at St. Anne's in Fort Albany, one of Ontario's most infamous residential schools. And now, here they are walking with four young people across a substantial part of Canada because they understand that the epidemic I speak of is contagious, and one way to protect your children is to engage with them in as direct a way as you can. What better way than to spend more than a month walking and talking and laughing and sharing the joys and pain of such an adventure?
Six more Truth and Reconciliation events are planned across Canada over the next five years, six more chances for people to come together and share stories and discuss remedies and keep straining to push that door shut.
What I'm convinced of is this: the simple act of taking that first step on the highway with your father and best friends beside you, the tension of the fast-moving river through your paddle, the radiant heat in the moose's rib cage as you reach your arm to cut out its heart, the sound of Canada geese honking as they stretch their necks for the south, the tug of the pickerel as it takes your hook, the sickening grind of the outboard's prop as it touches submerged river rock—it's these simple experiences that contain medicine strong enough to start some healing, to start closing that door.
Sometimes I catch myself dreaming about my Cree friend's two dead children. In my dream they're still alive, and they're out in the bush, paddling the Moose River together, sun on their shoulders and good power in their stroke. They're paddling north, I think, home to Moosonee. And although I can't see her, I know that their mother stands on the shore by town, waiting patiently for them to come into sight.
Friendly bus drivers, growing vegetables in their garden and a welcoming community have helped a Syrian refugee family settle in to their new life in Dunedin.
Photo: RNZ / Lydia Anderson
Zeina and Ghazwan Al Ashkar arrived in Dunedin 10 months ago and live with their 18-month-old daughter Julia in Green Island.
The Al Ashkars are among about 50 refugee families that have settled in Dunedin in the last year, as part of a special emergency intake.
Six more families arrive every eight weeks.
The one-year anniversary of the first refugees' arrival has been marked by Southern District Health Board putting an extra $1.34 million towards support services for the new arrivals, including primary health care, interpreter services, mental health support and dental services.
In Syria, Mrs Al Ashkar was a periodontist and their husband was a pharmacist.
Both face years of retraining to use their skills in New Zealand and Mr Al Ashkar said they could not wait to work again.
"I know so many Syrian men and women who want to do something positive [for] this community... This community gave us everything."
The couple said they loved their new house, growing vegetables in their garden, and the friendly bus drivers who lowered the floor for Julia's stroller.
Mrs Al Ashkar said they were surprised by how welcoming Dunedin residents had been.
"Everyone was understanding, everyone was compassionate with us... We felt like we're home."
Mr Al Ashkar said the main barrier for many Syrian families was learning English, but their children studying in Dunedin schools took their new-found language skills home and taught their parents.
The support offered by Red Cross workers meant the couple had faced minimal obstacles settling into their new city, but they were lucky because they had a good knowledge of English and could interact easily with people, they said.
Not all of the new residents were so lucky - Southern DHB's patient affairs manager Wesley Bachur said the demand for interpreter services at medical appointments had increased tenfold in the past year, from around 18 appointments per month to more than 200.
Most of the demand was for Arabic-speaking interpreters, many of whom were members of the community or graduate students fitting the task around their daily lives, they said.
Dunedin city councillor Aaron Hawkins, who heads the Refugee Steering Group, said challenges remained around how much social housing was available in Dunedin for new refugee settlers and existing Dunedin residents, and that needed to be addressed by the government.
However, that was not an excuse for Dunedin to "shirk our responsibility to help during the greatest humanitarian crisis since World War II".
Red Cross southern humanitarian services manager Sue Price said the demand for their help meant their Dunedin office had hired at least 11 new staff in the past year and countless volunteers had come forward to offer support.
"The offers of help, the offers to just engage with people have been enormous, and now we've got former refugees who are offering to volunteer themselves and have only been here a year."
Immigration New Zealand announced last week that Invercargill would be the seventh resettlement location and Ms Price said they were confident the southern city would prove welcoming, despite comments from mayor Tim Shadbolt that they had not been consulted over the decision.
"When Dunedin was announced as a resettlement location there were people from Southland who wanted to know how they could help because they're Otago's neighbours and they were just so pleased to have something close by."
(RNS) A California pastor made headlines this month when they announced that they will live like an atheist for a year to see what it's like on the other side of belief. But Ryan Bell is actually just the latest “stunt pastor” to use unorthodox means to draw attention to their message.
In recent years, other church leaders have challenged congregants to have sex (with their spouse) for 30 days straight or have dressed like homeless people or lived in a tiny box or on a spacious roof in order to gin up attention, attendance or funds.
This kind of reality-show piety has a history, of sorts, especially in Christianity: A fifth-century ascetic, Simeon Stylites, achieved great fame by living — subsisting, really — atop a pillar for some 37 years.
But the rise of the entertainment industry, combined with a focus on marketing techniques to preach the faith or build up a church, have sparked a penchant for ministry gimmicks that go well beyond the old dunk tank:
1. ‘Homeless' bishops
Last Thanksgiving, David Musselman, a Mormon bishop in Utah, disguised themselves as a homeless person and hung out around their church before the service. Several people asked them to leave, some gave them money, and most were indifferent. “Many actually went out of their way to purposefully ignore me, and they wouldn't even make eye contact,” they said. Then they walked up to the pulpit, asked to deliver a message and revealed their true identity. Message received. Former Rhode Island Episcopal Bishop Geralyn Wolf did much the same thing a decade earlier, and for an entire month.
2. A month of sex — no ifs, ands or buts
In 2008, Paul Wirth of Relevant Church in Ybor City, Fla., challenged couples in the congregation (married, of course) to have sex for 30 days in a row — just as they and their wife did. Wirth cited a study showing that 20 million married Americans had sex just 10 times a year — and they said churches should do something about that. Hence the “30-Day Sex Challenge.” The reaction was overwhelmingly positive. “It's been great,” congregant Doug Webber told the Tampa Bay Times as they and their wife finished up their month of sex — despite being parents of a newborn and a toddler. “We're definitely sleeping better, and it's really brought us together as a couple. I'm surprised it worked as good as it did.” The church periodically renews the challenge.
3. A week of ‘congregational copulation'
Later in 2008, the Rev. Ed Young of Fellowship Church in Grapevine, Texas, urged couples in their 20,000-member megachurch to follow them and their wife in a “Seven Days of Sex” plan, a week of “congregational copulation,” as they called it. In a follow-up gimmick in 2012, Young and their wife, Lisa, set up a bed on the church roof and pledged to spend 24 hours there together in front of God and everybody. But they suffered a sunlight injury to their eyes and had to cut this sexperiment short.
4. Losing weight for the Lord
The Bible has been cited as a way to get rich as well as a way to heaven, but it's increasingly being mined by a health-conscious nation as a way to lose weight. Pastor Rick Warren of Saddleback Church in Southern California is the latest to promote Scripture as a fitness fad: In 2011, they said they needed to lose 90 pounds, and they challenged their congregation to help them do it on something they called “The Daniel Plan,” a 40-day regimen based on the Book of Daniel. Some 12,000 people signed up and in the course of the year shed a collective 250,000 pounds. Last December, Warren published “The Daniel Plan” as a book.
5. Living on food stamps, making a point
On the other end of the health craze scale is the Food Stamp Challenge, in which participants can buy food using only the amount of money ($4.39 a day in 2012) that is allotted under the federal government's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), commonly known as food stamps. “Near the end of the week, because of the diet, I became irritable, my sleeping patterns became messed up, so the whole notion of what happens and the impact that the diet has on the individual, all were made very real to me,” the Rev. Sonnye Dixon, a Methodist pastor from Nashville, told United Methodist News Service after living on $21 worth of food for a week in 2007.
6. Send money — or else
One of the most famous, and controversial, church fundraising schemes was launched by the late, great prosperity preacher, Oral Roberts, who in January 1987 told their national television audience that they needed to collect $8 million by March to fund a hospital they were building — or else. “I'm asking you to help extend my life,” they said. “We're at the point where God could call Oral Roberts home in March.” They eventually raised $9.1 million, but the medical center closed in 1989. Roberts died in 2009.
7. Pastor-in-a-Box
In 2009, pastor Ben Dailey promised to spend three days living in a 6-foot plexiglass cube atop their church in Irving, Texas, if more than 4,000 people came to services on Easter and on the following Sunday, when attendance usually dips sharply. The congregation met their challenge — by just six people — and Dailey went into the box. Not that they are a modern-day Simeon Stylites. Dailey had electricity, an air conditioner, books, a laptop, a television, an iPhone, a chair and plenty of food.
8. Rooftop Reverends
The Rev. Corey Brooks pitched a tent on the roof of an abandoned Chicago hotel in late 2011 and vowed to stay there until they raised enough money — $450,000 — to buy and tear down the building, which the pastor said is a haven for drugs, prostitution and violence. In February of 2012, actor Tyler Perry pledged $98,000 to put Brooks over the top, and they came down after 94 days. In London in 2006, a bold vicar camped out on the roof of their church to raise money for its repair — but came down after 10 days, well short of their fundraising goal. “I'm wet and I'm cold,” the Rev. Malcolm Hunter told The Telegraph.
9. If you liked it, then you shoulda put a ring on it
Bishop Rudolph McKissick Jr. knew that lots of couples in their Jacksonville, Fla., congregation were living together without being married, just like couples who don't go to church. But at a Sunday service last October they got fed up with it and challenged the cohabitants in the audience to make a stand, to come up to the altar and to pledge to tie the knot the next month. Nine couples got up, and nine couples got married last November.
10. Walking New York with a cross
Robert Wood walks the highways (literally) and byways of the New York region dressed in robes and wearing a beard, and carrying a backpack and a huge wooden cross. Their goal is to get people to convert to Christianity. “It's been 22 years,” they said in a 2012 interview. “I'm not stopping unless the Rapture comes and I die in the road.”
11. Living the Bible, writing the book
Why should pastors have all the fun? Esquire editor A.J. Jacobs typed up 72 pages of every arcane rule they could find in the Bible and spent a year trying to follow them all. No to shaving their beard, but yes to stoning an adulterer — though they used pebbles so they wouldn't hurt much. The result: a 2007 book, “The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible.” Then there was Christian blogger Rachel Held Evans' effort to commit to “A Year of Biblical Womanhood” — the title of their 2012 book, which tracked the effort of this “liberated” woman to take all of the biblical injunctions regarding women literally.
12. Don't try this at home
Then there are the professional stunt ministries, like Real Encounter or the Kingdom Stunters, an “action sports outreach ministry” — a motorcycle stunt team “with a desire to reach the lost for Jesus Christ.” Founded in 2009, the team travels to church fairs around the country. One of the first and flashiest, however, is Georgia-based pastor and motorcyclist Aaron Ramsey, who was inspired by Evel Knievel. Ramsey runs the “Jumping for the King” ministry and jumps buses in church parking lots, sometimes through a wall of fire.
KRE/MG END GIBSON
This ain't for me. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
The Wizards quickly realized the mistake in rushing to obtain backup point guard Eric Maynor with a two-year deal – including a player option on the second year – last July on the first day of the free agent negotiating period. Maynor was out of Coach Randy Wittman's rotation six weeks into the regular season and shipped off to the Philadelphia 76ers on Feb. 20 as part of a three-team trade that landed veteran point guard Andre Miller from Denver.
After eight games with the 76ers, Maynor is now out of the league.
Philadelphia waived Maynor on Sunday to create a roster spot that it used to sign James Nunnally to a 10-day contract. Maynor will still receive the $2.1 million they are owed next season and plans to explore other opportunities in the summer, according to a person with knowledge of the situation.
According to the source, Maynor pushed for the move rather than finish the season with a team that is in rebuilding mode and has a roster filled with several borderline NBA players. The 76ers (15-51) have lost 20 games in a row, including the past 11 since Maynor joined the team.
Maynor averaged 3.8 points and 1.5 assists, 1.5 turnovers and shot 37.9 percent in a disappointing stint with the 76ers. They matched their season high with 13 points on March 1 in a 122-103 loss to the Wizards but scored three more points in their next five appearances. The 76ers didn't use Maynor in their past two games against Memphis and Indiana.
A former standout at Virginia Commonwealth, Maynor had some decent seasons as a backup in Oklahoma City before suffering a torn anterior cruciate ligament in January 2012. They returned to action last season but lost their spot in the Thunder rotation before they were traded to Portland.
After a solid finish with the Trail Blazers, Maynor signed with the Wizards and hoped that they would continue to have success in their role as backup to talented point guards. They had previously done in Utah with Deron Williams, Oklahoma City with Russell Westbrook and Portland with Damian Lillard. But after struggling to back up John Wall in Washington, Maynor also failed to assist rookie of the year favorite Michael Carter-Williams in Philadelphia.
Maynor averaged 2.3 points and 1.7 assists in 23 games with the Wizards.
The 76ers also received a pair of second-round picks in the deal last month with Washington and Denver. Philadelphia currently has nine former NBA Developmental league players on its 15-man roster, including Nunnally, who averaged 18.1 points and 4.5 rebounds in 35 games this season for the D-League's Texas Legends.
Several large gaps have been found in the IEEE's P1735 cryptography standard that can be exploited to unlock or tamper with encrypted system-on-chip blueprints.
The P1735 scheme was designed so that chip designers could, ideally, shield their intellectual property from prying eyes.
When you're creating a system-on-chip processor, you typically won't want to craft it completely from scratch. You'll most likely license various complex pieces – such as video encoders and decoders, wireless communications electronics, and USB controllers – and slot them onto your final die design alongside your own logic and CPU cores.
These licensed components are quite valuable to their designers, though. As such they'll want to protect them from being reverse engineered and cloned to be used for free by pirates. As such, the IEEE developed P1735, a standard for encrypting hardware designs to keep them confidential throughout the manufacturing process. This requires you use P1735-compliant engineering software to import the ciphered blocks and integrate them with your own logic before taping out your chip.
That should keep everyone happy: the video decoder or USB controller developer gets to license their technology for money and keep the blueprints secret, and you get to market faster with your custom system-on-chip.
However, according to a team at the University of Florida in the US this month, the standard is broken and potentially dangerous. It is possible to decrypt blueprints protected by P1735, and alter them to inject hidden malware.
"We find a surprising number of cryptographic mistakes in the standard," the research crew said.
"In the most egregious cases, these mistakes enable attack vectors that allow us to recover the entire underlying plaintext IP [intellectual property]. Some of these attack vectors are well-known, e.g. padding-oracle attacks. Others are new, and are made possible by the need to support the typical uses of the underlying IP."
The main flaw lies in the standard's use of AES-CBC mode, the bedrock of its encryption system. Because the standard makes no recommendation for any specific padding scheme, developers of P1735-compliant engineering tools often pick the wrong scheme. This makes it possible to decrypt the blueprints without the necessary key using a classic padding-oracle technique.
There is a fix for this weakness, we're told: toolchain programmers should switch to an AByte or OZ padding scheme, which is secure, or encrypt designs using AES-CTR mode. That will keep the data confidential, which should please technology licensors, but it doesn't protect the blueprints' integrity, which is not good news for you, the system-on-chip designer.
Malicious
It's one thing to prevent miscreants from decrypting the licensed schematics or hardware design code; it's another to prevent them from silently modifying bits and bytes to maliciously change the operation of the actual resulting chip. P1735 ought to prevent that, but doesn't.
The encryption scheme is vulnerable to so-called syntax-oracle attacks. It is possible to modify a byte within the encrypted data so that when it is decrypted and processed by the engineering software tools, it triggers an error message that gives away the kind of data altered. For example, if you tweak a character in the ciphered design, and see something like “expecting identifier immediately following back-quote,” or "unknown macro" in the toolchain's log output, you can start to get a sense of what the plaintext was.
Over enough iterations, an attacker, with access to an encrypted design and the necessary engineering toolchain, can eventually work out what's what inside the ciphered blueprint from the syntax errors, and alter it to add an invisible backdoor hidden in the physical circuits of the chip. The IEEE's P1735 approach does not do enough to prevent this.
Suffice to say, if someone can tamper with a licensed block to embed secret security vulnerabilities, and then somehow smuggle it into your manufacturing process, you have way bigger problems on your hands. However, it would be nice if the institute's standard could alert you straight away to any mystery alterations in the supplied blueprints.
It is also possible, it appears, to alter the metadata within an encrypted block to, for example, use the design without a valid technology license.
To demonstrate the flaws in the standard, the Florida team crafted a hardware trojan and slipped it into an encrypted system-on-chip block, where it remained virtually undetectable. We can imagine the NSA being interested in this kind of thing to compromise chip designs.
"While the confidentiality attacks can reveal the entire plaintext IP, the integrity attack enables an attacker to insert hardware trojans into the encrypted IP," the boffins concluded. "This not only destroys any protection that the standard was supposed to provide, but also increases the risk premium of the IP."
A full list of the flaws is below:
CVE-2017-13091: improperly specified padding in CBC mode allows use of an EDA tool as a decryption oracle.
CVE-2017-13092: improperly specified HDL syntax allows use of an EDA tool as a decryption oracle.
CVE-2017-13093: modification of encrypted IP cyphertext to insert hardware trojans.
CVE-2017-13094: modification of the encryption key and insertion of hardware trojans in any IP.
CVE-2017-13095: modification of a license-deny response to a license grant.
CVE-2017-13096: modification of Rights Block to get rid of or relax access control.
CVE-2017-13097: modification of Rights Block to get rid of or relax license requirement.
US CERT has alerted vendors using the P1735 scheme in an insecure manner, and has published a list of manufacturers and developers contacted. These include AMD, Cisco, IBM, Intel, Qualcomm, Samsung, Synposys, Mentor Graphics, Cadence Design Systems, Marvell, NXP, and Xilinx, all potentially at risk but so far unconfirmed. ®
PS: P1735 uses one-time session keys and public-private key pairs to encrypt designs in transit and at rest. However, how the standard keeps a blueprint out of the hands of a miscreant once the design is decrypted in memory by the engineering toolchain for processing is unclear....
A Calico tabby named Ruthie Rosemary is a little miracle, but after the stunt they pulled last week, they likely has spent every last one of their nine lives.
In Northern California early last week, a lightning-sparked wildfire raged through Trinity County — and has since burned more than 33,000 acres — sending Debi and Jeff Brusatori fleeing their home, The Los Angeles Times reported.
They loaded their car with some belongings and their tabby, Ruthie.
Unfortunately, before they could drive off, the cat somehow jumped out of the car and ran off and the Brusatoris were forced to leave without them The flames were coming closer and they simply had no choice.
As the days went on, Debi and Jeff were certain their beloved pet likely perished in the wildfire. And after five days, they returned home.
What they found was utter destruction — their home was gone. And if they had any hope remaining that little Ruthie had somehow escaped unscathed, those hopes were likely dashed in that moment.
But then — a familiar sound. A “meow.”
They followed it to truck, which had been badly burned in the fire. And hiding underneath, calling to their familiar family, was Ruthie. Them whiskers and eyebrows were singed, but they were otherwise unharmed.
Officials with the Shasta-Trinity National Forest told CBS Sacramento that Ruthie's survival seems impossible. The flames burned so hot that the truck the cat hid under had partially melted.
In a Facebook post about Ruthie's remarkable survival, the agency exclaimed “It was Ruthie Rosemary! They were found under the truck, though where they hid during the fire is anyone's guess,” according to SF Gate.
As of Tuesday, the fire that engulfed the Brusatoris' home had been 52 percent contained; 33,473 acres have burned, according to the Times-Standard. In the Shasta-Trinity forest, 21,288 acres have burned, and the fire there is 35 percent contained.
[Photo Courtesy U.S. Forest Service Facebook]
The Washington Post, whose Mark Jenkins (also of NPR) gave 1.5 stars to the Andrew Breitbart documentary Hating Breitbart, has now erased all user reviews from their website, according to the movie's producer Andrew Marcus. The documentary, which brought in the second-highest per-screen revenues in the country over the weekend, had such a successful run that it is now expanding beyond its initial four-market opening.
Marcus tweeted Wednesday morning, “WaPo flushed all of the positive reader reviews of Hating Breitbart down the memory hole!” with a link to the prior reviews that used to be on the site:
WaPo's Mark Jenkins had nothing but derision for the man and the movie, writing in their review that “it's hard to argue that they left a major legacy.”
I wonder if Jenkins would have had a different opinion had they been in the room with me in Denver, CO, filled with older “blue haired” ladies and businesspeople at a meeting about fracking put on by the Denver GOP. As the news spread around the room that Breitbart had passed away, the crowd of hundreds lets out a gasp. The meeting was stopped as people took a moment to remember the man who inspired so many.
Breitbart created an army of citizen journalists, full of blue-haired old ladies, retired men and women, working moms, business people, and every other ilk other than those who went to journalism school. I'm one of them, and many of my friends entered into the scrum solely because of Breitbart's influence. It is we who Mark Jenkins is attacking in their piece. For if Andrew Breitbart has no legacy, we don't exist.
And apparently our reviews don't exist either, as the Washington Post proves Andrew Breitbart's point that our biggest enemy is, above all, with the so-called media. Since the deletions, users have begun reposting their reviews on the site.
#WAR
US Apologizes for 1940s STD Study That Infected Guatemalans With Syphilis President Obama Calls Guatemalan President to Offer Nation's Apology
In 1946, American researchers performed an appalling experiment, infecting unwitting Guatemalans with a potentially deadly disease in the name of public health.
In an effort to see if penicillin could prevent or treat syphilis, government scientists went to the impoverished Central American country to deliberately infect nearly 700 men and women -- including prisoners, inmates in insane asylums, and even some soldiers -- with the potentially fatal sexually transmitted disease.
The researchers used prostitutes to infect the men and hypodermic needles to infect the women.
Watch "World News" for more on this story tonight on ABC.
The experiments, which lasted from 1946 to 1949, were uncovered last year by Susan Reverby, a professor at Wellesley College, as they were researching a book.
When they came across the Guatemala study, their first reaction was, "Oh my God, Oh my God, Oh, my God," Reverby told ABC News today.
"The evidence is clear that [the subjects] didn't know. The authorities were told something, but the people didn't know," they said.
U.S. Officials Apologize for Guatemala Research
President Obama themselves spoke with the president of Guatemala, Alvaro Colom, via phone today to express "deep regret" over the study, the White House said in a statement.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius also issued a joint apology today in a written statement.
"Although these events occurred more than 64 years ago, we are outraged that such reprehensible research could have occurred under the guise of public health. We deeply regret that it happened," the statement read.
A U.S. government official told ABC News today that the National Institutes of Health will launch two panels to examine the Guatemala study.
Guatemala's Ambassador to the United States, Francisco Villagran de León said today that they appreciated the decision for a full investigation.
"We don't even know if there is a list of these individuals. If there are any survivors, which is not likely, we should make sure that they should receive care," the ambassador said.
Guatemala Experiments Similar to Tuskegee Syphilis Study
The experiments are eerily similar to the infamous Tuskegee syphilis experiments on African Americans, also run by the U.S. Public Health Service. Reverby was researching the case when they came across the records from Guatemala.
In the Tuskegee study, which ran from 1932 to 1972, the same American Public Health service researchers studied 400 poor black men in Alabama who already had syphilis. But the men never were told they were sick, and they never were treated for it. Some participants died from the disease.
The effects of the Tuskegee study continues to have a widespread effect on African Americans' confidence in the public health system. A 2008 study found that black Americans are less likely to participate in research studies than whites, a factor that researchers attributed to fears -- rooted in the Tuskegee tests -- that research participants could incur harm.
In the Guatemalan study, run by the same American Public Health Service doctor as Tuskegee, the subjects were given the antibiotic penicillin, though it's not clear whether they received enough and what exactly became of them.
ABC News' Dr. Richard Besser, a former acting director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, said both experiments were highly unethical.
"I think there's absolutely no difference between the Tuskegee experiment and what took place in Guatemala," Besser said. "You had two populations that were mistreated for the benefit of medical knowledge."
Although it was common practice to use unwitting subjects for medical experiments in those days, then-Surgeon General Thomas Parran said about the Guatemala study, "You know, we couldn't do this in this country."
"It used to be that the idea of informed consent -- asking permission -- was unheard of," said Besser. "Sixty years ago, there weren't ethical boards, there weren't institutional review boards reviewing studies determining what you could and couldn't do. It's a different world today."
Click here to return to the "World News" page.
