"It is not possible to feed everyone so much meat," said Wen Tiejun, the dean of Renmin university's Agriculture school a leading advocate of rural reform. "People must simply eat less".
In the last 30 years, Chinese demand for meat has quadrupled, according to figures from the US Agriculture department. The country now eats a quarter of the world supply, or 71 million tons a year.
By contrast, in 1982 each Chinese ate just 13kg of meat, the equivalent of one tenth of a pig, a year. Beef was so rare it was nicknamed "Millionaire's meat".
With vastly more money in their pockets, many Chinese have turned away from their traditional diet of rice and vegetables, flavoured with a small quantity of meat, to embrace Western diets and fast food.
But Chinese farmers are unable to keep pace with demand, and imports of meat, breeding stock and animal feed have risen dramatically.
"But the more you import energy, food and raw materials, the more you have a supply problem like Japan. Because Japan and South Korea rely so much on imports they have no control over their economies," said Mr Wen.
James Rice, the former China head of Tyson Foods, the world's second largest farmer and processor of chicken, beef and pork, agreed that China will "have to rely on imports".
They said: "Only 14 per cent of China's land is arable and to make meat you need land, corn and water. China is short of all three. But there is so much fallow land in the United States, and Brazil is basically a continent of land to grow food," they said.
China's dependence on foreign food has already helped to trigger a spike in the price of corn and soybeans, both of which are used for animal feed. After a summer drought in the US, prices rose above levels which triggered mass riots in 30 countries in 2008 and 2009.
"Prices will go up for oil and food," Mr Rice admitted.
Meanwhile, China has also started to move away from traditional small holdings to larger, industrialised, farms. "The total amount of land occupied by large-scale farms is still only 17 per cent," said Mr Wen.
"But it is much bigger than it was. In the 1980s it was two per cent."
"The central government has a policy to support big farms, it is pro-capital. But to have big farms you need to move everyone off the land. In the US, only two per cent of people live on the land.
"In China, there are 700 million people and there is no room to move them. The faster you move them to the cities, the more you increase pollution, and the more problems you have growing food," they said.
The average Chinese still only eats half the meat that their American counterpart does. But American and European meat consumption has started to fall, while it is still rising strongly in the developing world. Leading water scientists have also issued warnings recently that the world may have to switch almost completely to a vegetarian diet over the next 40 years to avoid catastrophic shortages.
"China's meat consumption is highly unbalanced now: there's much more meat consumed in the cities, and the growth potential largely remains in the rural area," said Cheng Guangyan, a researcher at China's Academy of Agricultural Science.
"The biggest problem is that China's annual import of soy beans is around 50 million tons now, and it is also bulk importing products it never used to, like wheat and corn."
However, one of their colleagues, Wang Jimin, predicted that Chinese meat consumption would never match America's, and would take "at least 20 years" to flatten out at 60kg per person.
The strains on the Chinese food system, coupled with weak regulation, have produced a series of food scares in the past few years, as the Chinese attempt to bulk up their produce.
"There are two types of food scare," said Paul French, who has just authored a study on food scares for Mintel, a research company. "The first is malicious. They know what they are doing to make the food go a bit further, like adding melamine to milk or clenbuterol to pork."
"The other is scares that occur when farmers use chemicals to grow their food which they do not really understand the effects of," they said.
"Given that the number of people that are on the land is shrinking, and the amount of arable land is shrinking, they are going to have to move towards some sort of agribusiness. But then people want to maximise profits, because it is a business, and that is when you get the problems," they added.
"The scares happen across so many categories of food, and they happen again and again and again."
Additional reporting by Valentina Luo
Did you receive Christmas presents on Christmas Eve in the Czech Republic? Then they weren't from Santa Claus but from Ježíšek. Ježíšek is a Christmas gift-giving figure in the Czech Republic who can be translated as Baby Jesus.
Ježíšek ‘Little Jesus' brings presents during the Christmas Eve dinner and leaves them under the Christmas Tree. When they hear the bell ring, that means that Ježíšek had been and has left their presents under the tree.
During the totalitarian regime, the Soviets attempted to foist a Russian Christmas character upon the Czechs. This kindly gent, known as “Grandfather Frost”, held a position similar to that of Santa Claus. Grandfather was thoroughly rejected in the country, and now, the Czechs are waging the same sort of battle against Jolly Old St. Nicholas.
Ježíšek is a mysterious figure. Some see them as a grown-up Jesus, some see them as an angel or a star. Everyone has their or their own idea of how they might look like. And that is why Ježíšek is so loved!
As of yesterday afternoon, credit and debit cards have been charged and many Apple Watch pre-orders have begun shifting from "Processing Items" to "Preparing for Shipment" as Apple prepares to send out the first Apple Watch orders to customers who pre-ordered on Friday, April 10.Shipment emails have yet to go out from Apple, but a few lucky customers have gotten a heads-up on their orders through UPS' "My Choice" opt-in emails, which lets people sign up to get notifications whenever a package is sent to their address. These emails suggest the first Apple Watch orders will indeed be arriving on Friday, April 24.On reddit , one Apple Watch buyer got what appears to be an accidental UPS notice about a package being unable to be delivered, letting them know their Apple Watch is on its way from Rialto, CA. We've also heard from a MacRumors reader who got a similar notice, with an alert about an upcoming Apple Watch package from Apple set to be delivered on Tuesday, April 21.When checking that tracking number, it states that a UPS shipping label has been created and that the order has been processed and is ready for UPS. Both customers confirm they have no other orders such as accessories currently pending with Apple.These alerts appear to have been delivered prematurely, as we've seen only these two reports of such notices, and it's unlikely the readers who have a delivery alerts will receive their package before Friday, but they do give us our first hints that tracking numbers are starting to go out and may be showing up in shipment emails in the near future.While many people who pre-ordered early have had their credit or debit cards charged and have seen their order statuses change, there are some early pre-orderers who still have not had their orders shift to "Preparing for Shipment" as seen in this Google document . Space Gray Sport watches, Space Black stainless steel watches, and stainless steel watches with Milanese Loop, Classic Buckle, and Black Sport Band seem to make up the majority of those that have not yet seen a status change.Apple Watch orders that have not yet changed should not cause alarm, as based on the early tracking info received, Apple is using Next Day Air shipments.Customers who do have a "Preparing for Shipment" notification may be able to get an early look at where their watches are located by using UPS and FedEx's "Track By Reference" tools, using a phone number to locate an order.
Chabot College is a community college located in Hayward, California, United States, and is part of the Chabot-Las Positas Community College District.
History [ edit ]
Chabot College was the first college opened by the Chabot-Las Positas Community College District. The formation of a “junior college district” was approved by the voters on January 10, 1961, and the first board of trustees elected on April 18, 1961. Chabot College opened for classes on September 11, 1961, on a 7.5-acre (30,000 m2) temporary site in San Leandro with an enrollment of 1,163 students. The 94-acre (380,000 m2) Chabot College site on Hesperian Boulevard in Hayward opened for its first day of classes on September 20, 1965.
The college primarily serves residents of Alameda County in the East Bay area (generally the suburban region south of Oakland), including the district communities of Hayward, Castro Valley, San Leandro, San Lorenzo and Union City.
The school is named for noted Bay Area entrepreneur Anthony Chabot.
Organization and administration [ edit ]
The president is Dr. Susan Sperling.
Academic profile [ edit ]
Chabot offers a curriculum of over 175 majors of study,[2] awarding more than 100 associate degrees and certificates.[3][2] Chabot is on a semester system.
The college features six academic divisions: Applied Technology and Business, Language Arts, Math and Sciences, Physical Education and Health, the College of the Arts, and Social Sciences.[4] The Business program offers degrees in Business, Accounting, Retail Management, Business Management, Marketing and certificates in various areas, including Accounting, Health Care Management, Human Resources Assistant, Entrepreneurship, Real Estate, Marketing, Retailing, Management, etc.[5]
Campus Enrollment [ edit ]
Chabot has an enrollment of over 14,848 students.[3][6] The following are preliminary statistics from the Spring 2011 enrollment:[6]
Total Students: 14,848
Women: 54% Men: 44% Not stated: 2%
Race-Ethnicity:
Black: 29% Asian American: 17% Filipino: 9% Latino: 29% Native American: 1% Pacific Islander: 3% White: 5% Other: 1% Not stated: 6%
Number of Units:
Full-time (12+ units): 31% Part-time (6 to 11.5 units): 35% Part-time (0.5 to 5.5 units): 34%
Educational Goal:
Transfer (with/without degree): 50% AA/AS degree: 11% Occupational certificate or job training: 13% Personal development: 6% Other or undecided: 20%
Accreditation [ edit ]
Chabot College is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges. Chabot College is also accredited by the Council on Dental Education, American Dental Association, the Committee on Allied Health Education and Accreditation in collaboration with the American Hospital Health Information, Management Association and the America Medical Assisting Association. The program in nursing is accredited by the California Board of Registered Nursing. The college is approved by the California State Department of Education and is a member of the American Association of Community and Junior Colleges and the Community College League of California. Chabot College is an accredited institutional member of the National Association of Schools of Art and Design.
Educational paths [ edit ]
Chabot provides the following academic pathways:
Technical and career-vocational education programs
Transfer education programs to four-year universities
General education
Basic skills instruction
English as a second language programs
Community and continuing Education programs
Radio & Television Broadcasting
Student life [ edit ]
Radio station KCRH [ edit ]
KCRH is an 18 watt radio station operated by the mass communications class at Chabot.
Television station KCTH 27 [ edit ]
Chabot College's Television Studio was established when the College first opened in 1964. It was the first West Coast College Television Station with 5 On Campus Channels that allowed instructors to receive 5 independent cable TV feeds of programming from the studio. Lately, it became the Community Media Center for the East bay by taking over Public-access television channels from Comcast due to the DIVCA (Digital Infrastructure Video Communications Act). Which makes the Studio available to the communities as well as for Educational-access television use. Local business and Individuals can now use the Leased access High Definition Studios, with access to over 100,000 viewers and online streaming as well as AT&T-U-viewers. Currently the Station runs KCTH 27 the Educational-access television channel, KCMC 28 and 29, also Channel 99 under Hayward on AT&T U-verse. It is growing in programming and equipment.
Sport [ edit ]
In 1987 the Chabot College ultimate disc team won the intercollegiate national championship.[7]
The Bay Area Ambassadors soccer team has played at the Gladiator Stadium from 2009-2012.
Noted people [ edit ]
Notable alumni [ edit ]
Faculty [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
"Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right" and never said "it had to be between a man and a woman."
With the U.S. Supreme Court poised to decide whether same-sex marriage must be legal in all 50 states, Fox News Sunday pitted Family Research Council president Tony Perkins against former solicitor general Ted Olson for a Jan. 18 roundtable debate.
There isn't precedent for the Supreme Court justices to limit marriages to heterosexual couples only, said Olson, a Republican attorney who supports same-sex marriage and has argued 61 cases in front of the Supreme Court.
"The United States Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said that ‘marriage is a fundamental right,'" Olson said.
Perkins, a fervent opponent of same-sex marriage, interrupted: "Marriage, but not same-sex marriage."
Olson continued, "Never once in any of those cases did it say that it had to be between a man and a woman. Fifteen times it said it was a matter of privacy, liberty, association, dignity and respect for the individual."
We wondered about these 15 cases and if they really don't define marriage as solely between a man and a woman.
Olson pointed us to a brief they and their colleagues filed as the respondents in the 2013 case Hollingsworth vs. Perry, which the Supreme Court declined to hear , effectively sustaining a lower court decision to allow same-sex marriages in California.
The brief says the Supreme Court has said marriage is a "fundamental right" in "more than a dozen" cases.
"In fact, this Court has characterized the right to marry as one of the most fundamental rights — if not the most fundamental right — of an individual," the brief said of Loving vs. Virginia, in which the Supreme Court approved interracial marriage.
The cases they cited cover a range of topics, including privacy and parental and reproductive rights, but all touch on marriage as a "fundamental right" in some way. Here are the cases cited in the brief in chronological order:
Maynard vs. Hill (1888) Meyer vs. Nebraska (1923) Skinner vs. Oklahoma ex. rel. Williamson (1942) Griswold vs. Connecticut (1965) Loving vs. Virginia (1967) Boddie vs. Connecticut (1971) Roe vs. Wade (1973) Cleveland Board of Education vs. LaFleur (1974) Carey vs. Population Services International (1977) Moore vs. City of East Cleveland (1977) Zablocki vs. Redhail (1978) Turner vs. Safley (1987) Planned Parenthood of Southeast Pennsylvania vs. Casey (1992) M.L.B. vs. S.L.J. (1996) Lawrence vs. Texas (2003)
(They're also listed with more detail in this blog post by the American Foundation for Equal Rights, a marriage equality advocacy group.)
Outside legal experts reviewed the cases for us and said they support Olson's claim that the Supreme Court has generally not addressed whether marriage is confined to heterosexual couples. The experts also said there are likely more than just 15 examples.
"The question was never asked," said Clifford Rosky, a law professor at the University of Utah. "(Olson's) correct to say that they've never specifically said marriage is just a man and a woman."
That is, until the Supreme Court's 2013 decision to strike down part of the Defense of Marriage Act, ensuring same-sex couples get the same federal benefits as heterosexual couples. In this case, Rosky said, the court had to address the definition of marriage and said homosexual couples can be considered married.
Until recent decades, some experts told us, the court likely assumed that when they said "marriage," others would interpret that as meaning a heterosexual union, not a homosexual one, due to societal norms.
"Not a single one of these cases (in Olson's list) would have been assuming anything but opposite-sex marriage," said Michael Klarman, a constitutional law professor at Harvard University. "Before the 1990s, virtually nobody took the idea of same-sex marriage seriously."
In the 1960s, states began revising their laws to have more gender-neutral language, which raised questions about whether marriages should be extended to same-sex marriages if statutes do not specify otherwise, said Martha Umphrey, a professor of American government at Amherst College.
Rogers Smith, an expert on constitutional law at the University of Pennsylvania, said other Supreme Court decisions show the tendency of justices to assume marriage means a heterosexual relationship. For example, they have sometimes linked the right to marry with the right to bear children. And in the 1961 case Poe vs. Ullman, Justice John Harlan argued that "although the right to privacy protected rights of marital couples, it did not protect rights of homosexuals."
Perkins' Family Research Council , says the fact that the Supreme Court has tied the "right to marry" to procreation is proof that this right only applies to opposite sex couples.
Smith added that the examples in Olson's list up to the 1960s tend to link marriage to the survival of the species and family life. But over time, the justices started to discuss the right to marry more as a right of all individuals and essential to human dignity and happiness. They said this reflects changing norms and makes denying same-sex couples the right to marry seem much more unreasonable than it would have in years past.
Umphrey compared the current debate to that of interracial marriage. Until the years leading up to the Supreme Court's 1967 decision that interracial marriages should be legal, most people -- including the justices -- assumed marriage meant a union between two people of the same race. Still, the Supreme Court used its own prior comments on marriage as a "fundamental right" as precedent for its decision.
Our ruling
Olson said, the "Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right" and never said "it had to be between a man and a woman."
Olson provided a list of 15 cases that addressed marriage as something like a "fundamental right" that did not specify marriage as a union between a man and woman. Several experts backed up their claim.
Until recent years, though, the Supreme Court never had to address the question of whether or not marriage should be limited to a man and woman. Because of societal norms, they assumed that the decision would be interpreted as referring to a heterosexual relationship.
Still, Olson's claim is on point. We rate this statement True.
Trolley pole tipped with a trolley shoe on a Toronto streetcar
A trolley pole is a tapered cylindrical pole of wood or metal, used to transfer electricity from a "live" overhead wire to the control and the electric traction motors of a tram or trolley bus. It is a type of current collector. The use of overhead wire in a system of current collection is reputed to be the 1880 invention of Frank J. Sprague,[1] but the first working trolley pole was developed and demonstrated by Charles Van Depoele, in autumn 1885.[2]
Origin of the term [ edit ]
Machining spare trolley pole wheels
The term "trolley", also used to describe the pole or the passenger car using the trolley pole, is derived from the grooved conductive wheel attached to the end of the pole that "trolls" the overhead wire.
The term "trolley" predates the invention of the trolley pole. The earliest electric cars did not use a pole, but rather a system in which each tramcar dragged behind it an overhead cable connected to a small cart – or "troller" – that rode on a "track" of overhead wires. From the side, the dragging lines made the car seem to be "trolling", as in fishing. If the troller cart were to derail from the overhead wire, it would fall with a loud crash onto the roof of the tramcar and be troublesome to reposition; these drawbacks prompted a search for better ways to connect to the power wire. Later, when a pivoted pole replaced the troller, it came to be known as a "trolley pole".[citation needed]
An early development of an experimental tramway in Toronto, Ontario was built in 1883, having been developed by John Joseph Wright, brother of swindler Whitaker Wright. While Wright may have assisted in the installation of electric railways at the Canadian National Exhibition (CNE), and may even have used a pole system, there is no evidence about this. Likewise, Wright never filed or was issued a patent.[3]
Credit for development of the first working trolley pole is given to Charles Joseph Van Depoele, a Belgian engineer who moved to the United States in 1869. Van Depoele made the first public demonstration of the spring-loaded device on a temporary streetcar line installed at the Toronto Industrial Exhibition (now the CNE) in autumn 1885.[2] Depoele's first trolley pole was "crude" and not very reliable, and they reverted to using the troller system of current collection for a commercial installation on a streetcar system in South Bend, Indiana, which opened on November 14, 1885, and on one in Montgomery, Alabama, in April 1886. However, within a few months, Van Depoele switched to the trolley-pole system for the Montgomery operation.[2] Van Depoele and fellow inventor Frank J. Sprague were "working on similar ideas at about the same time",[4] and Sprague employed trolley-pole current collection on an electric streetcar system they installed in Richmond, Virginia, in 1888, also improving the trolley wheel and pole designs. Known as the Richmond Union Passenger Railway, this 12-mile system was the first large-scale trolley line in the world, opening to great fanfare on February 12, 1888.[5]
The grooved trolley wheel was used on many large city systems through the 1940s and 1950s; it was generally used on systems with "old" style round cross sectional overhead wire. The trolley wheel was problematic at best; the circumferential contact of the grooved wheel bearing on the underside of the overhead wire provided minimal electrical contact and tended to arc excessively, increasing overhead wire wear . The newer sliding carbon trolley shoe was generally used with a newer grooved overhead trolley wire of a roughly "figure 8" cross-section. The sliding trolley shoe provided better electrical contact (with a reduction in arcing), and it dramatically reduced overhead wire wear. Many systems began converting to the sliding trolley shoe in the 1920s; Milwaukee, Wisconsin converted its large system in the late 1920s. Curiously, Philadelphia did not convert its trolley wheels on its remaining streetcars until 1978.[citation needed] Although a streetcar with a trolley wheel may evoke an antique look, the trolley shoe is modern and more practical as well as economical.
Description of the device [ edit ]
A trolley pole is not attached to the overhead wire. The pole sits atop a sprung base on the roof of the vehicle, with springs providing the pressure to keep the trolley wheel or shoe in contact with the wire. If the pole is made of wood, a cable brings the electric current down to the vehicle. A metal pole may use such a cable, or may itself be electrically "live", requiring the base to be insulated from the vehicle body.
Modern trolley poles as installed on Vancouver's low-floor trolley buses
On systems with double-ended tram cars capable of running in both directions, the trolley pole must always be pulled behind the car and not pushed, or "dewiring" is very likely, which can cause damage to the overhead wires. At terminus points, the conductor must turn the trolley pole around to face the correct direction, pulling it off the wire either with a rope or a pole and walking it around to the other end. In some cases, two trolley poles are provided, one for each direction: in this case it is a matter of raising one and lowering the other. Since the operator could raise the pole at one end whilst the conductor lowered the other, this saved time and was much easier for the conductor. Care had to be taken to raise the downed pole first, to eliminate the damage caused by arcing between the pole and wire. In the US, the dual-pole system was the most common arrangement on double-ended vehicles. However, pushing of the pole (called "back-poling" in the US or "spear-poling" in Australia), was quite common where the trams were moving at slow speeds, such as at wye terminals (also known as reversers) and whilst backing into the sheds.
Trolley retrievers on the back of a 1949 trolleybus
Trolley poles are usually raised and lowered manually by a rope from the back of the vehicle. The rope feeds into a spring reel mechanism, called a "trolley catcher" or "trolley retriever". The trolley catcher contains a detent, like that in an automotive shoulder safety belt, which "catches" the rope to prevent the trolley pole from flying upward if the pole is dewired. The similar looking retriever (see photo) adds a spring mechanism that yanks the pole downward if it should leave the wire, pulling it away from all overhead wire fittings. Catchers are commonly used on trams operating at lower speeds, as in a city, whilst retrievers are used on suburban and interurban lines to limit damage to the overhead at speed.
On some older systems, the poles were raised and lowered using a long pole with a metal hook. Where available, these may have been made of bamboo due to its length, natural straightness and strength, combined with its relative light weight and the fact that it is an insulator. Trolleybuses usually carried one with the vehicle, for use in the event of dewirement, but tram systems usually had them placed along the route at locations where the trolley pole would need reversing.
The poles used on trolleybuses are typically longer than those used on trams, to allow the bus to take fuller advantage of its not being restricted to a fixed path in the street (the rails), by giving a degree of lateral steerability, enabling the trolleybus to board passengers at curbside.
Single- and double-pole usage [ edit ]
When used on a tram or trolley car (i.e. a railway vehicle), a single trolley pole usually collects current from the overhead wire, and the steel rails on the tracks act as the electrical return. To reduce electrolytic corrosion of underground pipes and metallic structures, most tram lines are operated with the wire positive with respect to the rails. Trolleybuses, on the other hand, must use two trolley poles and dual overhead wires, one pole and wire for the positive "live" current, the other for the negative or neutral return. The tramway system in Havana, Cuba, also utilized the dual-wire system,[6] as did the Cincinnati, Ohio streetcar system.
Decline in usage on railways [ edit ]
Pantograph(left) and trolley pole in use on Queens Quay West, Toronto
All trolleybuses use trolley poles, and thus trolley poles remain in use worldwide, wherever trolleybuses are in operation (some 315 cities as of 2011 ),[7] and several manufacturers continue to make them, including Vossloh-Kiepe, Škoda and Lekov.
However, on most railway vehicles using overhead wire, the trolley pole has given way to the bow collector or, later, the pantograph, a folding metal device that presses a wide contact pan against the overhead wire. While more complex than the trolley pole, the pantograph has the advantage of being almost free from dewiring, being more stable at high speed, and being easier to raise and lower automatically. Also, on double-ended trams, they eliminate the need to manually turn the trolley pole when changing direction (although this disadvantage can be overcome to some extent through the use of trolley reversers). The use of pantographs (or bow collectors) exclusively also eliminates the need for wire frogs (switches in the overhead wiring) to make sure the pole goes in the correct direction at junctions.
Apart from heritage streetcar lines, very few tram/streetcar systems worldwide continue to use trolley poles on vehicles used in normal service. Among the largest exceptions are the streetcar systems of Toronto, Ontario; Philadelphia (the "Subway-Surface" lines and Route 15); Riga, Latvia (however, new Škoda trams in Riga have pantographs); Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), India; and Alexandria, Egypt. Smaller systems still using trolley poles for regular service include Hong Kong Tramways, the Daugavpils, Latvia system, and Rio de Janeiro's Santa Teresa Tramway. The MBTA system of Boston still uses trolley poles with the PCC streetcars it uses to serve the Ashmont–Mattapan High Speed Line.
Compatibility with pantographs [ edit ]
Overhead over a switch in Toronto: Two runners for pantographs flank the trolley pole frog.
Trams or light rail cars equipped with pantographs normally cannot operate on lines with overhead wiring designed for trolley-pole collection. For this reason, these systems and a few others worldwide retain use of trolley poles, even on new streetcars, in order to avoid the difficulty and expense of modifying long stretches of existing overhead wires to accept pantographs.
However, the Toronto Transit Commission, with the impending replacement of its legacy CLRV and ALRV with new Flexity Outlook cars, is converting its overhead power supply to be compatible with both trolley poles and pantographs on an interim basis, as the CLRVs and ALRVs use only trolley poles while the Flexity fleet is equipped for both trolley poles and pantographs. Starting September 12, 2017, streetcars on route 509 Harbourfront started to use pantographs while those on route 510 Spadina continued to use trolley poles along the same section of track on Queens Quay West.[8] (On May 14, 2018, 510 Spadina switched to pantographs.[9])
Cultural references [ edit ]
Upon their introduction, trolley poles and the new electrical technology they represented were fascinating to writers, with their lightning-like sparks and power.
In January 1889, Boston introduced its first electric streetcars, which became so popular and noteworthy that poet Oliver Wendell Holmes composed a verse about the new trolley pole technology, and the sparking contact shoe at its apex:[10]:10
Since then on many a car you'll see
A broomstick as plain as plain can be;
On every stick there's a witch astride—
The string you see to their leg is tied.
In 1947, composer Samuel Barber wrote the now-classic orchestral and vocal piece Knoxville: Summer of 1915, based on the childhood reminiscences of James Agee. Partway through the composition, the singer refers to a noisy passing streetcar, with its overhead trolley pole and sparks:[11]
A streetcar raising into iron moan;
stopping;
belling and starting, stertorous;
rousing and raising again
its iron increasing moan
and swimming its gold windows and straw seats
on past and past and past,
the bleak spark crackling and cursing above it
like a small malignant spirit
set to dog its tracks;
See also [ edit ]
The ad promotes price cuts by the company over the upcoming long weekend.
A car dealer has fired back at critics who questioned the wisdom of it using Maori culture in an advertisement to promote its Waitangi Day sale.
2 Cheap Cars brand manager Jared Donkin admitted its advert, which shows a Pakeha girl dressed in a kapa haka costume and swinging a poi, was "a bit tacky".
But they said the firm wasn't trying to cause controversy and questioned why it was wrong for a Pakeha girl to "join in with Maori culture".
Donkin said 2 Cheap Cars had sought out the views of "Maori staff, family and outsiders" and they believed it was the girl's "skin colour that people are getting tied up about".
The video post on Facebook has sparked some criticism from viewers.
Cushla Tangaere-Manuel posted: "This is sooooo WTF...tokenism much" while Rose Posie said: "Taking the piss and clearly uneducated".
READ MORE:
*I Love Ugly apologises for ad, says objectification of women unintended
*Toyota pulls ad after it was slammed on social media for depicting animals glad to be killed
*The ads that have set tongues wagging
*Coldplay accused of cultural appropriation in new video for Hymn For The Weekend
Ann-Marie Kennedy a senior lecturer in marketing at Auckland University of Technology's business school, said the company was obviously using indigenous intellectual property – from the costume to the poi – to make money without necessarily giving anything back to the culture it took it from.
The issue was the same whether the company used a girl who looked Maori or non-Maori, they said.
"It's hard to judge [people's ethnicity] but the true issue is that they're using something that's culturally sacred to sell things," Kennedy said.
"You can see they had good intentions but I don't think it'll be too effective."
However, there was also support for the car firm.
Glo Taek Manley posted: "I like it! Mostly because the intention you had was good & well meaning. We must share our culture, as we do have a shared heritage. Kia ora 2 Cheap Cars."
Donkin said the girl in the advert was born in New Zealand.
"We know kapa haka is performed in lots of schools around New Zealand and it is not unusual to see Pakeha girls or other cultures in the performance dressed in kapa haka costume with poi, is it discrimination for them to do so?
"Saying that we are using intellectual property without giving anything back is like saying anyone who is Pakeha or not Maori is required to pay a koha anytime we refer, wear or use anything Maori related," they said.
Sunday: On the first Sunday of the month, the Children's Museum at La Habra offers free admission and activities during Target Free Sundays for families during two sessions: 1-2:45 p.m. and 3:15-5 p.m. lhcm.org
Sunday: Join the 300th Army Band. Well-known and patriotic tunes will be played. No registration required, but seating is limited to the first 70 people. 1-2 p.m. Aug. 20 at Dana Point Library. ocpl.org
Monday: Children of all ages who are on the autism spectrum and their families are invited to play and interact in an autism-friendly environment. 5-7:30 p.m. on the last Monday of the month at Pretend City Children's Museum in Irvine. Registration required. pretendcity.org
Tuesday: Join the Sci-Fi/Fantasy Book Group at 7 p.m. Aug. 1 at Barnes & Noble Bella Terra Huntington Beach for a lively discussion of a great book. New members are welcome. barnesandnoble.com
Tuesday: The Irvine Museum has free admission (but donations accepted) 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Tuesdays-Saturdays. irvinemuseum.org
Tuesday: During Surf City Nights in Huntington Beach, three blocks of Main Street are closed to traffic but open to fun. Shops spread out with sidewalk sales; the streets fill with vendors, and farmers set up with seasonal produce and flowers. A variety of performers provide entertainment. 5-9 p.m. every Tuesday. surfcitynights.com
Wednesday: Enjoy stories and rhymes in English and Spanish during Bilingual Storytime, 11:30 a.m.-12:15 p.m. weekly at San Juan Friends Library in San Juan Capistrano. All ages welcome. ocpl.org
Thursday: OC Parks presents its Summer Concert Series. Enjoy music outdoors from 6 to 8 p.m. Local Orange County Celtic rock band the Fenians performs Aug. 3, and the popular reggae-rock band Common Sense performs Aug. 10, both at Mile Square Regional Park in Fountain Valley. A surprise guest will perform Aug. 17 and local favorites, Family Style and Tijuana Dogs, perform Aug. 24, both at Bluff Park, overlooking Salt Creek Beach in Dana Point. ocparks.com
Thursday: At 3:30 p.m. Thursdays, the Costa Mesa Donald Dungan Library screens a family-friendly film in the Library Program Room. ocpl.org
Friday: OC Parks presents Sunset Cinema. Watch these movies outdoors starting at dusk: “E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial”Aug. 4 at Laguna Niguel Regional Park; “A Bug's Life,” Aug. 11, and “The Sandlot,” Aug. 18, both at Yorba Regional Park in Anaheim. ocparks.com
Friday: The Orange County Museum of Art in Newport Beach offers free admission 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Fridays. Guests can view art and educational exhibits. ocma.net
Saturday: Visit the Saturday Sunrise Car Cruisers, 6-9 a.m. weekly at Adams Avenue Donuts in Huntington Beach. The event bills itself as the “best free car show in the world.” Classic-auto owners known as the Donut Derelicts meet to share stories and admire their mechanical beauties. surfcityusa.com
Saturday: The Tiyya Foundation will be hosting its annual Back to School Celebration from 1 to 5 p.m. Aug. 12 at Santa Ana's Dehli Center. Tiyya will provide new backpacks and school supplies for 300 refugee, immigrant and/or displaced children in Orange County. After the donation drive, there will be children's activities and adult educational workshops. delhicenter.org
There is a horrible urban legend about the tragic death of a Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov. Investigative author James Bamford included an account about this incident in their groundbreaking book, The Puzzle Palace: Inside the National Security Agency, America's Most Secret Intelligence Organization, 1983. «On April 23, 1967, a number of analysts were routinely copying the return of Soyuz 1, bringing Soviet cosmonaut Vladimir Komarov back from twenty-six hours in space, when problems suddenly developed on re-entry. Recalled one of the intercept operators: They couldn't get the chute that slowed their craft down in re-entry to work. They knew what the problem was for about two hours . . . and were fighting to correct it. It was all in Russian, of course, but we taped it and listened to it a couple of times afterward. Kosygin (Soviet Prime Minister – note by Daniyar Nauryz) called them personally. They had a video-phone conversation. Kosygin was crying. They told them they were a hero and that they had made the greatest achievement in Russian history, that they were proud, and that he'd be remembered. The guy's wife got on too. They talked for a while. They told them how to handle their affairs and what to do with the kids. It was pretty awful. Toward the last few minutes they began falling apart, saying, “I don't want to die, you've got to do something.” Then there was just a scream as they died. I guess they were incinerated».
Some fake audio files with «last words» of Mr. Komarov have floated around the Internet. In one of them, a Soviet announcer solemnly presents the cosmonaut before the public. Then, gibberish Russian words complete this disgusting sham. The real last words of the cosmonaut were revealed to the general audience in 2006, when Channel One of Russia aired a documentary Cosmos. First Blood («Космос. Первая Кровь»), directed by Dmitry Grachev. The first man in space, Yuri Gagarin, was the last person who communicated with Mr. Komarov by radio. As a professional, Mr. Gagarin guided their return to Earth. In an audio excerpt, attached to this post, the following dialogue recorded: «Gagarin. Everything is OK, I am «Zarya» (Gagarin's call sign means Dawn in Russian). Komarov. Your message has been received. Gagarin. Prepare for final operations. Be attentive, calm. Now, there will be an automated descent with lunar orientation. This descent is normal, real. Komarov. Your message has been received». This casual talk is a documented evidence, while the bloodcurdling rumors have no factual basis.
GUNS N' ROSES Joined By PINK On Stage At Madison Square Garden
Pop superstar Pink joined GUNS N' ROSES on stage Wednesday (October 11) at Madison Square Garden in New York City to sing the third verse of GN'R's classic 1989 ballad "Patience".
GUNS N' ROSES thanked Pink in a tweet after the show. They took it all in their stride. "Oh. Yeah. Whatever. No problem," was their playful response.
The 2017 North American leg of GUNS N' ROSES' "Not In This Lifetime" tour kicked off July 27 in St. Louis, Missouri.
The trek features classic GUNS members Slash on guitar, Duff McKagan on bass and Axl Rose on vocals, backed by drummer Frank Ferrer, guitarist Richard Fortus, keyboardist Dizzy Reed and second keyboardist Melissa Reese.
About seventy people travel with the show in addition to the truck drivers; that number goes upwards of fie a hundred, including the local workers, by show date once catering, security, etc. are factored in, according to the tour's production manager, Dale "Opie" Skjerseth.
"Not In This Lifetime" continues Thursday (October 12) at New Jersey's Prudential Center.
GUNS kicked off its long-rumored and long-awaited reunion trek in a year and a half ago with a club show in Hollywood and appearances in Las Vegas and at California's Coachella festival.
Pink's seventh studio album, "Beautiful Trauma", will be released on Friday (October 13).
Photo credit: Katarina Benzova Via Blabbermouth
In what would surely come as intriguing information for policy-makers, a Labour Ministry survey has found that with an increase in education levels in the country, the unemployment rate was also increasing across age groups.
One out of every three persons in the age group 15 to 29 years who have completed at least their graduation has been found to be unemployed in the report on 'Youth employment- unemployment scenario, 2012-13' which is based on a survey by the Labour Bureau in Chandigarh.
Moreover, the survey found that the unemployment rate among the persons who cannot read and write any languages or are considered illiterate was the lowest with 3.7 per cent without work in the 15-29 age group.
In rural areas, the unemployment rate for graduates and above for the age group 15-29 years was estimated to be at 36.6 per cent. In urban areas, the same was 26.5 per cent.
The unemployment rate in the age group 15 to 24 years was estimated to be 18.1 per cent. In the 18 to 29 age group, 13 per cent was the unemployment rate in 2012-13, the Labour Ministry report said today.
The Ministry said that the majority of persons employed under the age group 15-29 years were either self-employed or casual workers.
It said unemployment rate in the 15-29 age group stood at 13.3 per cent.
The survey was conducted between October, 2012, to May, 2013, in all states/UTs and covered all districts.
In all, 1,33,354 households were covered: 82,624 in rural areas and 50,730 in the urban sector.
Based on the survey, the labour force participation rate was estimated to be 31.2, 47.3 and 39.5 per cent, respectively, among age groups 15-24, 18-29 and 15-29 years.
Talking especially about the northern region, the report said that the labour force participation rate in Haryana was estimated to be 35.3 per cent followed by 36.2 per cent in Punjab, 36.3 per cent in the Union Territory of Chandigarh and 45.1 per cent in Himachal Pradesh for the age group 15-29 years.
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The trend we are seeing among managers nowadays is young age. Guardiola, Pochettino, Mourinho, Klopp, Nagelsmann are examples of managers who had risen into prominence being young. However, for each rule there's an exception; and the exception is none other than Maurizio Sarri, Napoli's head coach who spun the heads of the Italians. Starting as a banker and traveling between Italy, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and England; Sarri started cementing their steps as a potentially brilliant banker, yet their heart was driving them in the opposite direction.
Football always appealed to “Mr. 33”, nicknamed after their meticulous approach in preparing set pieces to which the team they coach can apply 33 different set piece scenarios, and ever since they started coaching after their bank duty finishes, they started getting closer to their passion that was overshadowed by the Finance world.
Sarri started earning coaching certificates which lead them to start a career in Serie D, to which they quit their banking job and dedicated their time fully to the coaching realm. Sarri made a name for themselves after guiding Empoli to the Serie A in the 2013-2014 season, this landed them a contract with Napoli, the club whose fans can make or break any individual no matter who they are, unless he's Maradona, ofcourse.
Napoli became known for its attractive passing style and high pressing schemes for which viewers started appealing to and wondering how can a team like Napoli manage to play in such mentality game in game out. To know more, below is a list of points that describe the main principles Sarri looks for when it comes to their team style:
Narrow spacing among players:
Made using TacticalPad
As shown in the figure above, we notice the proximity of Napoli's players to each other. The reason for that is to provide passing lanes and access to most of the team's players, hence inviting the opposition's press and beating them with quick one touch passes. Pressing traps are one of the highlights of the way Napoli play as they play deliberate back passes to draw the opposition to their half. Once the space opens up in between the lines, Napoli make use of this close positioning of their players and play intricate passes in close spaces. They break free with the use of one touch passes and third man runs, something that Sarri's players have mastered over time.
Focus on the left flank and underloading the right:
Made using TacticalPad
Hamsik is the creative outlet that gives meaning to Napoli's rapid-fire passing. Sarri has instilled a brilliant system at Napoli which has been their standard form of attacking; it goes as follows:
Create numerical advantage on one side using Koulibaly-Ghoulam-Jorginho-Hamsik-Insigne-Mertens by passing the ball in between.
If possible look for Insigne running behind opposition's line in perfect coordination with Mertens' dropping off. It usually goes like this, Jorginho passes to the space Mertens is dropping to, Mertens lays it off to Hamsik, Hamsik with a one touch chips it to Insigne who is now benefitting from the space left by Mertens.
If the above scenario is not possible, keep recycling possession until Callejon breaks away from their marker and cross the ball towards him.
This is somewhat similar to how teams that advocate Positional Play operate. The ‘overloading-underloading' is sublime from Napoli as they have the personnel in their squad to switch play effectively and quickly.
Mertens as False Nine:
Made using TacticalPad
After Higuain's departure and Milik's season-ending injury, Mertens was next in Sarri's plans in which they saw in the Belgian a huge potential in linking up play as well as scoring goals using their pace and quality on the ball. In case Napoli faced an opposition with 3 midfield players, Mertens drops off to form a diamond and guarantee their team a 4 vs 3 advantage in the middle.
The reason that Mertens drops deep is not only to create a numerical superiority but also to link play effectively. Mertens is not the stereotypical target man or a ‘classic' number 9 who waits in the box for the chances to come.  They are excellent on the ball and is capable of releasing teammates who run beyond them when they drop deep, while also equally capable of holding the ball down so that they can wait for their teammates to join them in the final third. Despite their small frame, Mertens' quality on the ball makes them a capable holder of the ball and an effective creator too.
High Press:
Made using TacticalPad
In the images above, we catch a glimpse of how Napoli fiercely press their opponents to regain the ball back. The common trait featured in both pictures is the use of “cover shadows”. Cover shadows mean pressing one player and covering the second player with your body, in other words closing two options at once.
To know more about shadow cover, have a look at Allan in the picture on the left and Jorginho and Allan in the picture on the right. Both these players ensure that the way they press make sure that they do not leave players in space behind them cannot exploit the space vacated by the pressers.
The first picture is a prime example of how Hamsik is the midfielder who usually presses further up field from the eft half space when Napoli shift to a pseudo 4-4-2 at times with Mertens and Hamsik pressing in the first line. Callejon and Insigne both have important roles in this setup as they need to ensure that the outlets to the wide areas are cut down.
The opposition center backs are bereft of options to pass with the intensity with which the Napoli players press. It has to be said that the physical levels supplemented by the tactical nous of all the Napoli players is astounding as they are one of the best sides on both a tactical and a technical level. Sarri deserves huge credit for this.
Depending on who is near the ball, Insigne and Hamsik take turns in joining Mertens up-front. If Insigne moves to the front line to press, Hamsik immediately fills up for Mertens in the midfield chain and takes up their spot in the left flank. The midfield engine of Allan is vital in this Napoli setup as their box to box action ensures that Napoli have the presence in all phases of play and all parts of the pitch.
Sarri's Napoli is currently sitting on top of the Serie A with an unbeaten record including impressive victories over Roma and Lazio at the Stadio Olimpico. If Sarri wins the league title, rest assured that their status in Naples will be as equivalent as Maradona's. “Romantic Football” has gained another seer to look up to as ‘Sarrismo' has taken over.
Naz Shah, who is running for Labour against Respect's George Galloway in Bradford West, is used to succeeding against the odds. It runs in the family: their mother Zoora was abandoned by their husband for a 16-year-old neighbour while they were pregnant with the couple's third child, and brought their young family up in grinding poverty.
Zoora Shah eventually secured a stable home through a relationship with a man who became abusive and posed a severe danger to their family. After they threatened their second daughter, Zoora snapped and killed him. They were sentenced to 20 years in prison, a punishment which failed to take into account their circumstances. It demonstrates how easily South Asian women are marginalised by the state, lacking access to the basic rights and advocacy due to British citizens, both through the failure of state systems and isolation imposed from within their own cultural traditions.
That is why Naz Shah's candidacy is so important to Bradford West. If the region's South Asian women are to gain the power and independence to which they are entitled, they must be encouraged to voice their experiences. The only way to escape the continuum of violence and oppression is to challenge the patriarchal biraderi (clan) politics on which Galloway has been capitalising in their efforts to discredit Naz Shah.
Earlier this month, Galloway verbally attacked Shah, accusing them of lying about enduring a forced marriage at the age of 15. Shah produced documentation to refute the claim, proving they were indeed 15 at the time the forced marriage took place. Because the British government would not recognise a marriage under the age of 16, a second marriage certificate was drawn up to maintain validity in Britain when Shah was 16 and a half. Attacks on Shah's character fail to recognise that whether 15 or 16, Shah did not provide full consent to the marriage, meaning they were in effect forced. Mud-slinging, smear campaigns and use of bullying tactics on social media all illustrate the unsavoury nature of electoral processes in this constituency, which remains dominated by patriarchal clan-based biraderi politics.
Research by the Political Studies Association on the success of Respect in the 2012 Bradford by-election highlighted that while Respect claimed to be undermining biraderi politics, it was in fact “not averse to receiving bloc votes. Its success was, in fact, due to the skillful manner in which it simultaneously circumvented and harnessed the traditional South Asian community structures.”
Despite George Galloway's success in courting female Muslim voters in Bradford in the 2012 election, they have failed to grasp the context and complexities of forced marriage, and has proven insensitive to Shah's own history of abuse. Their spokesperson claimed the marriage could not be forced because “her mother attended the marriage in 1990 as well as other family members and many witnesses did also, signing and giving fingerprints, so if it was forced presumably their mother and the others were part of that coercion?” Shah was not intimidated, saying: “We do not need a one-man Messiah to tell us how to come and fix up Bradford. We as a community have our own solutions.”
With one of the highest concentrations of Muslim populations in Britain living in Bradford West (51.3 per cent), its newly elected MP must acknowledge and address the socioeconomic disadvantages immigrant communities face. Fifty-seven percent of Pakistani and 46 per cent Bangladeshi households in the UK live in poverty, compared to 16 per cent of white British households. In Bradford, the Muslim community is particularly disadvantaged: according to the 2001 Census, more than half (50.7 per cent) of all Muslim adults possessed no educational or vocational qualifications, and nearly a third (30.3 per cent) had either never worked or were long-term unemployed.
The 2001 inquiry into the urban riots also highlighted the low level of qualifications in the local Muslim community and concluded that the educational opportunities in Bradford had been far from equal. Data released by the Muslim Council of Britain in 2015 reveal that Muslims are overrepresented in unemployment figures, with nearly half of the British Muslim population residing in the bottom 10 per cent local authority districts for deprivation.
According to Shah: “There is still so much more to do in order to break down the barriers which still face people from ethnic backgrounds in Bradford and across our country.” As well as pledging to improve support services for women and address the deficit of specialist units dealing with violence against women in the city, Shah says they are running for office because, “if I've learnt anything, I have learnt that through compassion we can change the world.”
In many ways, the stories of Naz and Zoora Shah are reflected in the experiences of Muslim women in Britain, especially in terms of domestic violence and castigation of the victim rather than the perpetrator. I hope that the people of Bradford, including the women, will challenge the patriarchal structures deeply embedded in Bradford West and come out in droves to vote on 7 May.
13
3336 W Foster Ave
Chicago , IL 60625
(773) 588-5200
Zwick has done my window shades twice now in two different homes and I have recommended them to many people. They also did my fatehr in laws place and it looked great. The quality is impeccable and we cross-referenced them with the "cheaper" blind companies and Zwick was less expensive and gave a better quality product.
If you need your blinds repaired this is your one-stop shop. This family has been in the blind business for over 50 years. They are outstanding. I had some motorized blinds that needed a little bit of fixing. I took them to 3 different places and no one knew what to do. One shop suggest I try to hear and they personally fixed my blinds in 15 minutes. Absolutely outstanding, family owned, independent shop. I will go here for all of my blind purchases moving forward.
No stars unless I can mark it minus 5. We ordered custom blinds 5 weeks and 3 days ago and canceled the order today because we still don't have our blinds! It is a demonstration of horrible service and very poor attitude. Each time they said they would get right back to me I heard nothing. The original order, which is close to $1,000 for 2 bedrooms was to take 2 to 3 weeks. They are inefficient and less than helpful
It's been some time but I wanted some good quality room darkening window shades for my bedroom. I gave them the size, it took a couple of weeks, I picked them up and installed them and they fit perfectly.
The shades I got were quality and has lasted over years. It has survived baby, toddler, kid and now young Tweens parties. (Cue spin and paint machine)
We had the whole house painted, so it was an ideal opportunity to take all the venetian blinds in for cleaning--after all, it's only been 18 years! I called a couple of places and decided to take them to Zwick because they were closest to me. When I talked to them on the phone about time frames, they told me two weeks or so. So, I dropped the blinds off and the guy who accepted my blinds told me that although Zwick was more expensive than most blind cleaning places, Zwick cleans them by hand using a soap and water method. The cheap places do it using an ultrasonic method, which according to the guy at Zwick, will damage the blinds and cause paint to peel. They said they can only be cleaned once or twice before they have to be replaced. Anyway, Zwick did a great job--my blinds are sparkling! My only complaint is that it took over three weeks to get my blinds back, even though they were promised in two. So be warned!
This family-run business produces good quality window coverings. I've gotten custom shades from them as well as drapes several times over the past six years. I recommend them with one caveat...be prepared to wait for your order. I placed a new order on July 17th and was told it'd be two or three weeks. Every time I've placed an order there's something that delays delivery so not surprisingly I'm still waiting almost eight weeks later. Nevertheless, I continue doing business with them because I like them, they do good work, and their prices are more reasonable then other chain stores. Just know that it will take longer than the original estimate they give you so be patient. Thus far it's always been worth the (sometimes frustrating) wait.
Excellent products, excellent service!. I stumbled upon Zwick's when I was looking for a special window treatment - - I wanted a top-down sunscreen look for daytime and translucent for nites. Zwick's helped us immensely and made beautiful shades for our home. In the store, Deborah helped me understand my options, and gave good suggestions & advice. Mike did an in-home measurement, and actually came up with the solution. Clearly, the Zwicks are experts in this business. We found them to be very conscientious in delivering customer satisfaction. We also felt they were very pleasant people to deal with, which is refreshing. They carefully guided my husband through the installation, so we could save some costs. Our window treatments are wonderful; the quality really shows, I notice it when I compare them to Bali shades we have in another room.
We had very tall aluminum blinds installed in a number of windows in our office. Nice product at a reasonable price. We've needed a couple of fixes/tweaks over the past couple years and Zwick is very responsive and prompt with coming out to help. Great service after the sale!
Horrible Service - stay away! They were great on the front end, came out to show sample, take measurements. Our order was to take 3-4 weeks. After week 4 we heard nothing, repeated calls go "we'll look into it." At almost 6 weeks, they still had no answer and expressed shock that we were upset about the delay. Terrible attitude towards customers. I can't believe I just wasted 6 weeks for blinds and now have to start over, not to mention the horrendous encounter I had with their main employee. You wanna keep a local business going, I suggest re-thinking your customer service. That ain't the way to compete with Home Depot.
HI Have used them for 25 years - two generations - levolors - wood interior shutters - baffle/honeycomb - Austrian cloth etc - over the years at two homes (first at our small lakeview condo and now at our Edgewater house) Good value and a solid sense of comfort that things are being done right and honestly are the big pluses here IMO. They are not a big discount warehouse. They do a personal, professional job for a fair and yes discounted price. I gave it 5 stars as I realize we keep going back each time we have a new set of windows to do - or want a change.
Friendly people, reasonable prices. We went to Zwick to get some shades repaired, and we were very pleased by the results.
DIMSDRIVE recently published the results of a survey into what people get up to in the bathroom. They interviewed 6,436 people from their internet monitor group by means of a private internet-based poll. 41.3% of the sample was male and by age 1.0% were in their teens, 17.2% in their twenties, 37.1% in their thirties, 27.4% in their forties, 12.7% in their fifties, and 4.6% aged sixty or older. This is a subject where I've previously translated another survey, so it might be useful as a cross-reference.
There are lots of interesting figures here that back up various preconceptions that I think many of us have about the Japanese love of bathing. I used to just have a quick shower or bath once or twice a week before I married, but I've been coerced into washing every day, and now quite miss a bath if for some reason I can't have one, such as when on holiday. However, I only usually just jump into the tub for a minute or less to warm myself up just before bed time, with the majority of the bathroom time spent under the shower.
Berlin (CNN) The leadership of the hardline Alternative for Germany party was in disarray Monday, a day after its historic breakthrough in the German elections delivered a stinging blow to Chancellor Angela Merkel's authority.
At a press conference in Berlin that was intended to burnish the AfD's success, its chairperson Frauke Petry walked out. They declared that they would not sit with the party in the Bundestag and said it had to address dissent within its own ranks.
The AfD won 13% of the vote and came a stunning third place behind the main center-right and center-left parties.
It polled particularly strongly in the former East Germany, which includes Berlin, attracting 21.5% of the vote, according to exit polling conducted by Infratest Dimap. In the West, it scored about 11%, the projections said. The results put the AfD on course to become the second largest party in the east, after the CDU.
The AfD becomes the first far-right party to enter the Bundestag since 1961. But it has been riven with internal strife: Petry has been regarded as a more moderate force in the party, arguing that it had to break with the far right in order to move from opposition into government.
Read More
AJ Allmendinger wants to do the double. Oh, yes, they do.
In an exclusive interview with FOXSports.com Friday afternoon at Auto Club Speedway, Allmendinger's eyes grew wide when they talked about the possibility of racing in the Indianapolis 500 and the Coca-Cola 600 on the same day. And with good reason.
Article continues below ...
Two years ago, Allmendinger drove one of Roger Penske's IndyCar entries at the Indy 500, leading 23 of 200 laps en route to a seventh-place finish.
Asked by FOXSports.com if he'd like to race Indy again, Allmendinger allowed as how they would.
"You never know. You never say never," said Allmendinger, who comes into Sunday's NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race fifth in points.
"The only problem is I was definitely spoiled by doing it with Roger Penske for the first time ever," said Allmendinger. "And I would only do it if it was an opportunity to go win that race, because leading at Indy is a feeling I've never had before in my life. My heart was beating, shaking in the car. I want to experience that again, so if it's the right opportunity, I'd love to do it."
Adding the Coca-Cola 600 in their No. 47 JTG Daugherty Racing Chevrolet would be icing on the cake.
"To do the double, the cool thing is Tad (Geschickter, team co-owner) has already said they would be completely open to it, the sponsors would love to jump in on it. So, the right opportunity, yes. But at this point in my life, I'm just so focused on this No. 47 team. That's where I want to be."
By Dustin Guastella
The Democratic Field: Clinton v. Warren v. Bernie
The media have already christened Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee. Clinton's coronation should come as no surprise, as they have positioned themselves as a friend of Wall Street (and Wal-Mart). They advocate fiscal discipline and so-called “privatized Keynesianism” and takes their political advice from “the markets.” They pride themselves on their role in gutting welfare, their aggressive foreign policy and their close relationships with Republican leaders. Most damning of all: BENGHAZI! I don't think I have to convince readers of this blog that they are the epitome of a neoliberal Democrat and their candidacy represents what Tariq Ali calls “the extreme center”.
Many progressive Democrats are frustrated by their supposedly inevitable victory. They want someone to challenge Clinton. Unfortunately, they don't want Bernie. For months now, progressives in and outside the party have called on “populist” Senator Elizabeth Warren to run. And even though Warren has made it clear that they won't, organizations like MoveOn and Democracy for America (and even to some extent the Working Families Party) have committed to a “draft Warren” campaign. Worse yet, some of the same progressive forces who want them to run don't necessarily want them to win. They would like to see them “toughen Hillary up” for the general election and pull them to the left on economic issues, but ultimately they are content with a Clinton victory.
While Warren's stance on high finance is commendable, overall they are not as strong a candidate as Bernie.  They are close to the Democratic Party establishment, they have expressed strong support for Israel, they have spouted surprisingly hawkish rhetoric about Iran, they wrote a book proposing “school-choice” as a solution to a shrinking middle class (although recently they have recanted, claiming their views were misinterpreted), they have consistently praised “entrepreneurs” and even fancies themselves the “savior of capitalism.” It's unclear why liberal organizations have championed their cause and snubbed Bernie — maybe they are afraid of socialism, or maybe they see Bernie's age as a hindrance, or see their maleness as a deterrent for voters eager to vote for a woman. Nonetheless, it doesn't look like they are running, and lately they haven't even been able to criticize Clinton or the neoliberal wing of the Democratic Party. Why would progressives waste their time stumping for a candidate who simply isn't interested?
Bernie's candidacy is much more likely, but they have assured us that if they run they will run as a Democrat. This is obviously a sore subject among those who wish to see them buck the two major parties and run as an independent. Unfortunately, socialists do not have the capacity to get their name on the ballot in all 50 states, and with liberals throwing their weight behind Warren's non-campaign we likely wouldn't get much ground support outside of the ideological left. But despite the fact that they will be running in the Democratic primary, I don't see their campaign as a “reclaim the party” initiative.
Through tabling and handbilling about why socialism is the key to emancipatory politics and defining Bernie first and foremost as a socialist who happens to work within the Democratic Party apparatus, we could use Bernie's campaign to effectively contribute to building a vibrant, independent socialist movement outside the Democrats. We should also be clear that American political organizations like the Democratic and Republican parties are hardly political parties in the classic sense. They are ideologically pluralist to the extreme and essentially serve as election machines that pack up the day after a campaign. Rank-and-file “members” have no say in the direction of these organizations and are unable to affect the policy decisions of party leaders. With this in mind, we should spare ourselves a debate about whether voting for Bernie as a Democrat will irreparably tarnish their politics (or ours), but likewise we shouldn't console ourselves in the belief that Bernie will mark a turning point in the Democratic Party and will singlehandedly turn it into some sort of engine of working-class progress.
Building a Bernie Platform
The effectiveness of a Bernie campaign depends on their ability to connect with working-class Democratic voters and with those disaffected voters who see the two parties as more or less identical. Well known for championing workers' rights (he is often met with a hero's welcome at union halls across the country), Bernie needs to be the Fight for $15 candidate in 2016. In almost every major city and in some key political battlegrounds, the Fight for $15 is taking off and a broader movement for income equity is coalescing. Coming off the heels of a major national day of strikes and demonstrations, Bernie's upcoming announcement should target low-wage workers from McDonald's to Wal-Mart and everywhere in between. They should call for a $15 federal minimum wage triple-indexed to inflation, productivity and cost of living, and the abolition of the so-called tipped minimum wage. In so doing they would cull the support of major unions who have spent the past year (and a ton of cash) pushing for $15, but they would also likely attract a large swath of low-wage workers outside the organized labor movement, many of whom are alienated and disillusioned. It would help define Bernie as the anti-corporate candidate and would put them in stark opposition to business-friendly Democrats and especially Clinton, who certainly doesn't want to upset their Walton family friends and donors. Furthermore, not to be too hopeful, an emphasis on labor issues could pry the AFL-CIO endorsement from Clinton the Inevitable, which would mean more than encouragement, it would mean local ground troops.
Exploiting contradictions in the Democratic Party — that is, the widening gap between the voters and the donors — should also be a key aspect of Bernie's run. Not only would it help Bernie pull support from the supposedly “ready for Hillary” base that is often taken for granted, it could also drum up support from outside the party — those left-wing independents who are looking for a genuine alternative. While Clinton's boosters have branded them as a progressive, if pushed on any number of issues, from trade to economic inequality, Bernie would take the debate. They could fire up the working-class Democratic voter base and expose them as a corporate hawk. Rather than pull them to the left, Bernie should aim to attract support for their positions in and outside the party and start a larger conversation on the corporate nature of our two major parties.
Bernie also has to address and support the #BlackLivesMatter movement. Seeing as their Vermont constituency is 95% white, it's not surprising that Bernie has not addressed race and racism in previous campaigns. Nevertheless, their silence is deeply problematic, not to mention politically dangerous. If they are going to make an impact in the Democratic primaries they must build a relationship with people of color. If Bernie can thoughtfully articulate the relationship between mass incarceration, racialized policing and the prevailing economic order, they can begin to build trust and support from young people of color in the emerging anti-racist movement who have been out in the streets demanding change. They would almost certainly be the only candidate to do so.
Finally, and briefly, Sanders should take on the bipartisan foreign policy consensus. One of the key reasons so-called ‘libertarian' Rand Paul has gained so much support from young people has been their endorsement of an anti-interventionist foreign policy. Bernie needs to do the same from the left. No doubt there are plenty of people who are sympathetic with Paul's message on foreign policy but are too clever to fall for their domestic program of brutal class-warfare. Paul's ‘end the wars and shoot the poor' doctrine is not exactly inspiring for all those anti-war activists galvanized under Bush and disillusioned under Obama, Bernie can offer a strong left alternative (something Warren and Clinton certainly can't do as they clamour to go to war with Iran). Further, unlike Paul, they can better outline why we were in those wars in the first place.
Playing the Long Game
I've made the case for why a Bernie candidacy is valuable and hopefully addressed some of the anxieties about such a campaign along the way. But a single good candidate does not a movement make. The big question remains: how do we turn Bernie's presidential run into a powerful campaign and eventually a major organized political force? Realizing such goals requires some significant work from socialists and some magnificent stumping from Bernie, and it is of course not without serious challenges.
Bernie has made it clear that without activists hitting the bricks for their campaign they would not waste the time. This isn't just a rhetorical flourish or a romantic gesture, it is a campaign necessity. Sanders doesn't have Clinton's name recognition or cash (one need only compare Bernie's donation history to Hillary's to see both how well funded the latter is and exactly where each candidate's loyalties lie), which leaves it to us to door knock and handbill. Beyond that, we need to build networks and relationships with socialist activists and progressives in our local areas who are capable of reuniting for future campaigns. Building a Bernie coalition means taking numbers and names for people who support an openly socialist candidate and those who believe in a long term change. More importantly though, it means translating interested activists into the long-distance runners of Irving Howe fame, certainly no mean feat but absolutely necessary for the possibility of a genuine left renewal.
We need to organize. Building our organization through the campaign and after is essential, and not doing so was the major mistake made after the Jesse Jackson campaign of 1988. As Bill Fletcher and others noted before the 2008 campaign for Obama, we need a neo-Rainbow coalition. Essentially this is still true, but we need that coalition to be dominated by the color red. If we are serious about socialism we need to put socialism front and center. Let other progressives work for Warren, we need to push for socialism.
We need to educate. Socialism is back on the table across the world. More Americans are interested in socialism and view it positively than in any time in recent history. Socialist politics is in a major period of theoretical and political renewal, with leftist governments in Latin America and insurgent socialist parties in Europe. Meanwhile, in the United States a generation of young people are beginning to take leftist politics seriously. With Bernie we have an opportunity to be in the center of the debate, to help define socialism against the inevitable red-baiting and partisan mudslinging to come, to bring our analysis forward, and to forcefully advocate on behalf of reforms that hamstring Wall-Street and promote democracy.
We need to practice. Recently, socialist electoral campaigns have been on the rise, but despite some success we have been met with a rude awakening that running a campaign takes skill and experience. As Jorge Mujica noted after their campaign for Alderman in the 25th Ward of Chicago, many socialists are keen to talk the talk but few are interested in walking the walk, and even fewer know how. A national political campaign takes a tremendous amount of work and presents itself as an opportunity for education and experience. Following the campaign, we will be smarter and keener on how to build out of the failures and successes of the primary season, and we'll also be armed with real-world knowledge about how average Americans feel about socialism.
We need to offer voters the opportunity to reject neoliberalism and to choose socialism. Bernie running for president, even if as a Democrat, could serve as a referendum on an ideology and as a temperature check for the voting public. It could raise an interest in radicalism in millions of Americans who have been seriously questioning capitalism since 2008. And, it gives us the chance to organize those first-year student radicals towards an immediate goal and build connections and skills to mobilize sympathizers in the future. We need Bernie, not as a savior but as a tool for future organizing.
Dustin Guastella is co-chair of Philadelphia DSA. First published by Democratic Socialists of America.
Advertisements
Poverty in Canada
In 2008, the rate of poverty in Canada was one of the highest among wealthy industrialised nations, according to a report published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). In 2011, OECD ranked Canada 21st out of all 27 member states for poverty level.
At a Glance
It is believed that at around 1 in every 7 Canadians, which amounts about 4.8 million people, currently live in conditions of poverty, according to Canada Without Poverty, a not-for-profit anti-poverty advocacy organization. Another Canadian non-partisan advocacy group, Campaign 2000, reported in 2013 that nearly 1 in 5 Canadian children live in poverty. Due to the high number of children living in poverty, UNICEF has ranked Canada at 17th out of the 29 wealthy countries.
Canada has no official definition for poverty and thus no official statistical measurements of poverty. However, researchers use relative poverty data, such as low income statistics published by the Canadian government, to determine the poverty rates in the country. Throughout history, Canada has experienced several economic upturns and downturns, and with it spikes and decreases in overall poverty. Following the Great Depression in Canada, and as the country grew economically, welfare support programs have sought to reach Canadians in need. Canada currently has no official poverty reduction program.
Figures
Because the government of Canada does not measure poverty, researchers and activists use other measurements that indicate poverty, such as low income statistics, to gain an understanding of average rates of poverty in Canada. The Government of Canada, however, does not consider being 'low income' the same as being 'poor.'
According to public access data published by Statistics Canada, in 2011, 12.9 percent of the population (before tax) were in the low income category. The same year, 13.3 percent of the population under the age of 18 were low income. Other than low income statistics, poverty in Canada can also be determined by the market basket measures (MBM) calculated by the Human Resources and Skills Development Canada. The MBM estimates how accessible goods and services are to segments of the population based on disposable income. Direct poverty statistics in Canada are published by anti-poverty advocacy groups. One such group, Canada Without Poverty, estimates that 1 in 7 Canadians live in poverty. The group emphasized that socially marginalised groups, such as single mothers, aboriginal groups, people with disabilities, the elderly and racial minorities are more susceptible to poverty. For example, a person with a disability is twice as likely as an individual without a disability to be poor.
Definitions and Implications of Poverty
According to the World Bank, poverty 'includes low incomes and the inability to acquire the basic goods and services necessary for survival with dignity'. The United Nations defines poverty as a 'violation of human dignity' that hinders a person's 'basic capacity to participate effectively in society.' Poverty has no single cause. A variety of issues can cause poverty among segments of a population, such as economic downturns, war, climate conditions such as droughts that destroy agricultural crops, social discrimination that bars access to basic necessities, and fatal epidemics like AIDS. Poverty is a multidimensional issue. Being poor does not only mean a lack of access to necessities such as food, safe drinking water, shelter and clothing. People who are poor also have inadequate access to healthcare, education, security, sanitation and political power. The poor are more susceptible to community violence and human rights violations. Due to lack of access to credit, the poor are likely to incur high-interest debts, such as payday loans, which results in endless cycles of borrowing and being victimized by loan sharks.
Poverty Reduction
Poverty significantly strains a country's resources. For example, the Ontario Association of Food Banks once estimated that poverty levels in the province cost the government between 5.5 to 6.6 percent of the GDP. Alleviation of poverty levels, therefore, unburdens economic growth and fosters personal wellbeing. Many anti-poverty advocates in Canada have urged the federal government to take comprehensive steps towards alleviating provincial poverty levels, especially child poverty. Poverty alleviation is beneficial for all levels of society. For example, the Public Health Agency of Canada in 2008 reported that a dollar invested in a poor young child's life can save up to 9 dollars of government spending on health and criminal justice in the future.
Additional Reading:
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/top-5-student-credit-cards-for-young-canadians/
https://www.lifeoncredit.ca/top-6-secured-credit-cards-for-canadians/
Open Data Initiative of the Canadian Government
The Open Data Initiative is a government program in Canada that seeks to make public information and data more accessible to citizens with the intention of making actions of elected officials transparent to taxpayers. The Open Data Initiative is a part of Canada's push for open government. Canadian citizens can access and view released datasets on the official website (open.canada.ca) in either English or French.
Background
Canada is a nation committed to the doctrine of open government, which states that a government should be transparent and open to public scrutiny, as opposed to one that is committed to state secrecy. The origins of the ideology behind this doctrine go back the era of Enlightenment, when many governments were absolutist monarchies. The doctrine of open government encapsulates principals that are widely considered hallmarks of a democratic system, such as freedom of information, freedom of press and government accountability. Canada actively promotes open government initiatives domestically as well as internationally. Canada is a member of the Open Government Partnership, a multinational effort to promote governments to be more open and accountable. Canada has also expressed commitment to government transparency and freedom of information as a member of the G7.
Formation of the Open Data Initiative
The Open Data Initiative is a result of Canada's Open Government Partnership and the Open Data Charter, which the country adopted at the G8 summit in June, 2013. As a result, Canada developed a 12-step national action plan in October 30, 2014, to 'advance transparency, accountability, and citizen engagement' by implementing the principles of the Open Data Charter. The Open Data Charter has 5 principles: publishing government data while safeguarding privacy, releasing quality open data in a timely manner, making data easy to use and accessible, being transparent about data collection and publication, and using open data for citizen empowerment. Canada's Open Data Initiative seeks to meet these five principles. Canada first launched the Open Data Initiative web portal in 2011. The website was updated in 2013, and improved in 2014 to meet the new open data commitments as stipulated in Canada's Second Action Plan on Open Government. The political aspects of the Open Data Initiative are overseen by the president of Canada's Treasury Board.
Government Data Available for Public Access
The data available on the Open Data Initiative includes tender notices, population statistics, consumption ratings, government contracts, immigration statistics, government financial performance information and pension statistics, among many others. Data from the following government agencies are currently available for download from open.canada.ca:
Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada
Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency
Canada Border Services Agency
Canada Council for the Arts
Canada Economic Development for Quebec Regions
Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation
Canada Revenue Agency
Canada Science and Technology Museums Corporation
Canadian Heritage
Canadian Institute for Health Information
Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission
Canadian Space Agency
Citizenship and Immigration Canada
Correctional Service of Canada
Defence Research and Development Canada
Department of Finance Canada
Department of Justice Canada
Elections Canada
Employment and Social Development Canada
Environment Canada
Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada
Fisheries and Oceans Canada
Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada
Health Canada
Industry Canada
Infrastructure Canada
International Development Research Centre
Library and Archives Canada
Library of Parliament
National Defence
Natural Resources Canada
Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada
Office of the Commissioner of Lobbying of Canada
Parks Canada
Public Health Agency of Canada
Public Safety Canada
Public Works and Government Services Canada
Shared Services Canada
Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada
Statistics Canada
Transport Canada
Transportation Safety Board of Canada
Treasury Board of Canada Secretariat
Veterans Affairs Canada
Western Economic Diversification Canada
Access to Open Data
To make datasets available on open.canada.ca easy to access, reliable and comprehensible to the public, Canada has encouraged the development of mobile apps and user-friendly Application Programming Interfaces (APIs). APIs are mostly used by developers, while the general public mainly accesses datasets on apps. Apps are developed by third parties, not the government of Canada, and are available on the web, iOS, Android and Blackberry platforms. An example of a web-based app is Border Wait Times, developed based on data released by the Canada Border Services Agency. Users of this app can estimate how long travellers can expect to wait at Canadian land border crossings. Examples of mobile apps include Learn to Camp, which shows camping sites based on information from Parks Canada, and PTSD Coach Canada, which helps sufferers manage symptoms and seek help based on data from Veterans Affairs Canada. All web and mobile apps for Open Data Initiative can be viewed at open.canada.ca/en/apps.
If we really are alone in the universe, should we take Earth's life to other planets? Especially as we might already have the means
It's fun to speculate about aliens (see “The human universe: If aliens exist, do they know we're here?“). But what if there are no aliens? It's been 65 years since Enrico Fermi first pointed out our solitude. Fermi estimated that it would take an advanced technological civilisation 10 million years or so to fill the galaxy with its spawn. Our galaxy is 10,000 times older than that. Where is everybody?
It's not as though we haven't been looking. Not for long, perhaps, and not very hard, but even a crude estimate suggests there should be other advanced civilisations capable of signalling over interstellar distances. And yet – nothing.
So what if we really are alone, or so isolated as to amount to the same thing? “If we think we are the only life in the universe, we have a huge responsibility to spread life to the stars,” says Anders Sandberg of the University of Oxford's Future of Humanity Institute. “If we are the only intelligence, we may have an almost equal responsibility to spread that, too.”
NASA astronomer David Grinspoon agrees, although they haven't given up on finding ET yet. “We have these powers that no other species has had before,” they say. “If we are it, if we are the best the universe has got, if we are the universe's sole repository of intelligence and wisdom and scientific insight and technology, it ups the ante quite a bit. We have a responsibility to preserve our civilisation.”
Advertisement
It won't be easy. First, we need to decide where to boldly go (see diagram). We …
In Charleston, the wind picked up as the storm's eye wall — with the most damaging winds and rain — rolled through. Water filled many downtown streets, and flowed over the sea wall along East Battery Street, along the southeastern edge of this peninsular city.
Pools of standing water remained around the city into the afternoon, and black pipes snaked out of first floors, carrying water back to the street.
“We knew that a flood was coming,” said Darlene Kelly, who rode out the storm at a friend's bed-and-breakfast in the city's southernmost neighborhood, parts of which had been transformed by the standing water into a kind of lagoon. “Just a matter of dealing with it now.”
Still, some residents insisted they had not been too worried.
“My house has been here for 150 years or so,” said John Michael Flynn, 70. Nevertheless, they found water under their bed during the storm after their house began to leak.
The hurricane brought the highest tidal surge — more than nine feet — since Hurricane Hugo, the catastrophic 1989 storm etched deeply into this city's consciousness. Officials urged people to say inside during the day on Saturday, although a few took to the city's temporary canals with kayaks and even tried to ride through on bicycles.
“Now is when the frustration sets in, because the anxiousness is when the storm is coming,” said Gov. Nikki R. Haley of South Carolina, during a news conference. They added: “What I am going to ask for you is patience. Most injuries, most fatalities occur after a storm because people attempt to move in too soon.”
Parrish Rowland, a resident of a public housing complex on Charleston's King Street, was among many in the city who did not heed that advice, and waded through waist-deep water, hoping to find something to eat.
“I just figured I'd make it my way,” said Mr. Rowland, who spoke casually, even though the water was so deep it reached halfway up the gas pumps nearby. “I like to make it my way.”
Fans Petition Netflix to Bring Back Sense8: 'It's Not Just a TV Show'
The loss of Sense8, which valued inclusion of LGBT people and people of color, is keenly felt in the real world, where these communities are in danger.
Netflix announced that Sense8 — a series celebrated by fans for its diversity and LGBT inclusivity — has been canceled.
Cindy Holland, the streaming service's vice president of original content, announced the end of the scifi drama created by the Wachowski siblings in a Thursday statement.
“After 23 episodes, 16 cities and 13 countries, the story of the Sense8 cluster is coming to an end,” Holland said. “It is everything we and the fans dreamed it would be: bold, emotional, stunning, kick ass, and outright unforgettable. Never has there been a more truly global show with an equally diverse and international cast and crew, which is only mirrored by the connected community of deeply passionate fans all around the world. We thank Lana, Lilly, Joe and Grant for their vision, and the entire cast and crew for their craftsmanship and commitment.”
Afterward, the series thanked its supporters in a video tribute posted to Twitter.
Thank you for being a part of our journey. Sensates forever. pic.twitter.com/SClwiY3rwy — Sense8 (@sense8) June 1, 2017
But fans are not done with the "cluster" — a term referring to the psychically linked group of people who are the protagnonists of the series — just yet. Hashtags like #RenewSense8 and #BringBackSense8 are trending on Twitter. And a Change.org petition is urging Netflix to reconsider its cancellation and renew Sense8 for a third season. It's also demanding answers.
"The cancellation of Sense 8 - season 3 has been completely unexpected. We don't know any reasons yet, however it's quite strange that a show that has received such positive response from a wide and heterogeneous audience, gets cancelled," the petition stated.
Sense8's loss is keenly felt in the entertainment world, since it the only television show to balance narratives between lead characters who are gay, transgender, women, and people of color from international backgrounds.
The show's message of intersectionality and interconnectedness is one that is much-needed in the real world, where forces of xenophobia, racism, and homophobia are on the rise, stoking fear and violence against members of vulnerable communities.
Sense8 provided a showcase for scenes like the coming out of Lito Rodriguez (Miguel Ángel Silvestre), a gay actor, at São Paulo Pride, which moved the cultural needle toward acceptance. It also featured one of the few transgender actors to appear in a trans role on television: Jamie Clayton. In an era when LGBT lives and rights are under attack, this visibility is needed now more than ever.
"It is not just a tv show, to watch for fun, instead of just being that, Sense8 has given the world a new way of seeing others: with acceptance, love and understanding," the petition concluded.
Sense8 is not the only LGBT-inclusive show to be canceled this year. CBS's Doubt, ABC's The Real O'Neals, and USA's Eyewitness were also cut.
At the time of this article's publication, 93,000 people have signed the petition to renew Sense8. The goal is 150,000. Find it at Change.org.
— A 37-year-old man in South L.A. didn't want to see a local woman sleeping on the streets anymore.
Irene McGhee, better known as “Smokie,” has been homeless for more than a decade after losing their husband and their house.
“It was really hard. People talking crazy to you, kids are mean to you, talk about ‘look at that old woman pushing a basket,'” they said.
For the past few years, the 60-year-old has frequented the area around 30th and Van Buren. That's where they met Elvis Summers.
She'd occasionally come by asking for their recyclables and the two became unlikely friends. And it wasn't long before Summers knew they wanted to help Smokie out.
“She's a human being, 60 years old, a mother, grandmother, sleeping in the dirt. It's just not right,” they said.”
Smokie told CBS2/KCAL9's Rachel Kim, “He said, ‘What would you think if I built you a house?' I said, ‘When is it gonna be ready?'”
Summers purchased $500 worth of wood boards and a local company donated siding and roofing so they could start building a place for Smokie to call home: “I just wanted to build it safe enough, secure enough so she'd be warm, comfortable.”
It took five days and some creativity to build a portable three-and-a-half-by-eight-foot house, which also had a window.
They said, “I felt so good. I was so relaxed. I think I must've slept half of the day.”
Inspired by the need in their community, Summers started a campaign, “My Tiny House Project L.A.,” on the crowdfunding website GoFundMe so they can hire other homeless people to build their own houses with him.
As for Smokie's house, Summers said, “LAPD says as long as we move it, not in a red spot, but move it once every 72 hours, for now, we're all right.”
The do-gooder wants this house to give Smokie hope for the future. And although it's small in size, it's already accomplished big things for Smokie, who says they want to start looking for a job.
Summers is working with local LAPD officers to find city-owned property where these houses can be placed on a short- or long-term basis. For more information or to help others get off the streets visit Summers' GoFundMe campaign. As of Tuesday night, they had raised $3,200 of their $50,000 goal.
This weekend, in between Space Camp graduation and my youngest son's senior portrait appointment, we found ourselves traveling to Edwardsville, Illinois, for Butchtafest 2014.
In an effort to make the event accessible to as many relatives as possible, the main festivities were moved from Sunday to Saturday, so this morning, when my son and I awoke, Buchtafest proper was over, and one of my cousins persuaded us that the best use of the time we had before we left for home would be to go to the Jones-Confluence State Park in West Alton, Missouri.
The confluence in question, where the Missouri meets the Mississippi, is the point at which Lewis and Clark began their grand adventure. Getting to the confluence is a bit of an adventure in itself, but after we had driven down the gravel road and walked the path lined with fruiting Mulberry trees, my son, my cousin, and I were at the point at which these mighty rivers meet:
After taking pictures and eating more mulberries, we made our way back to the car, then back to my cousin's, and then my son and I set out on the the first leg of the long trek home.
Some confluences, like those of these two rivers, are easy to see, and easy to define, but other confluences are more subtle, and if you were not told, you would not know there was a confluence there at all.
When I was a sophomore in high school, I had a friend, Beth. They were a senior and had lived most of their life in Southern California, far from the tomato and alfalfa fields that graced so much of the landscape of Yolo County, California, where I had grown up and where they found themselves for their senior year.
They were gracious enough to let me tag-along on some of their senior year adventures, but after graduating from high school, they quickly moved onto more grown up endeavors, like jobs and college, but because our paths had merged for such a brief period of time, and because of the nature of the busy-ness of that time of life, there was a lot I didn't know about Beth — not the least of which was that they were (even then) an accomplished crocheter and knitter.
This came to my attention when (during this past week) they posted this photo of an afghan they had just finished:
along with this description:
Today I finished an emotional family and heirloom project. When we were going through Charlie's mom's house after they died, I found 110 granny squares they had crocheted. And a huge box of yarns that went with the squares. I started last Oct crocheting more squares. I made another 140 squares until I ran out of the black outside yarn. I even over dyed a few skeins to give me more options. I crocheted until I ran out of the black yarn Polly had. I finally finished crocheting the outside edge yesterday. Today it was washed and blocked.
The completed project, like the confluence of the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers, is magnificent and now belongs to both Beth and Polly.
Mr. Xi told Mr. Trump during their meetings at Mar-a-Lago that they agreed that the threat posed by North Korea had reached a “very serious stage,” Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson said.
Speaking on Sunday on ABC's “This Week,” Mr. Tillerson expanded on what the rest of the world should take away from the missile strikes in Syria: “The message that any nation can take is if you violate international norms, if you violate international agreements, if you fail to live up to commitments, if you become a threat to others, at some point, a response is likely to be undertaken.”
Mr. Tillerson continued: “In terms of North Korea, we have been very clear that our objective is a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. We have no objective to change the regime in North Korea; that is not our objective.”
North Korea, however, has stepped up its provocations. A day before Mr. Trump met with Mr. Xi, Pyongyang tested an intermediate-range ballistic missile. South Korean and American specialists said the missile tested on Wednesday, which the South Korean military said flew a mere 37 miles, was probably a modified version of either the Scud-ER or Pukguksong-2, or perhaps a new missile — even an early version of an intercontinental ballistic missile.
Analysts have said that as North Korea was developing its first submarine-launched ballistic missile last year, it accumulated technology incrementally, with a series of tests in which projectiles flew only short distances or exploded soon after launching.
The United States has been conducting an electronic and cyberwarfare campaign aimed at sabotaging Pyongyang's missile tests in their opening seconds. But it was impossible to determine whether that program affected the launch last week.
Asked how close North Korea was to developing a weapon that could reach the United States, Mr. Tillerson said on ABC: “The assessments are, obviously, somewhat difficult, but clearly, they have made significant advancements in delivery systems. And that is what concerns us the most.”
For all of you who think urban agriculture and vertical farming are hobbies for wealthy people with time on their hands, meet Caleb Harper. A 2015 National Geographic Emerging Explorer and a research scientist at MIT's Media Lab, Harper is helping turn urban agriculture into a reality by reinventing how we grow food indoors to feed our growing population.
Harper, who comes from a farming family, wants to grow food closer to where people live—increasingly, in cities—and avoid environmental risks like drought, storms, and insects, which threaten the quality and quantity of what we eat. “The food will not need pesticides or chemicals, and it'll be predictable 365 days a year,” they say.
They were inspired to look more deeply into urban agriculture when they visited Japan after the 2011 nuclear disaster at Fukushima and saw headlines that read, “Japanese Farmlands Have No Water, No Youth, No Land and No Future,” they say.
“It got me thinking: How can I put my different skill sets together to make a difference? I realized that what is really needed is a data center for food, one that is not exposed to the natural environment,” they recently told our colleagues.
Growing food in controlled, urban environments makes sense, they say. Unlike traditional farming, it allows farmers to grow crops year round. By creating an optimal growing environment, plants can grow faster and be more nutritious all while using resources more efficiently, since you can be more precise with water and nutrients.
While researching the issue, they found that there isn't a lot of public information about growing food in controlled environments. Much of the existing knowledge is owned by big agriculture companies that don't openly share their findings.
“Think about how much knowledge traditional farmers pass down from generation to generation,” says Harper. “There's no blueprint for vertical farming.”
If there was a Creative Commons for agriculture, Harper believes urban farming would be cost-effective and widespread. You could find your broccoli by IP address, they say.
Cue their idea for a plant data center. To fill the knowledge gap, Harper's assembled a team of engineers, architects, urban planners, economists and plant scientists to work on the OpenAg Initiative at the MIT Media Lab. The goal? To develop high-performance, indoor urban agricultural systems. Think of it as Wikiplants—a program that brings innovation to the intersection of technology, agriculture and free access to data.an online database that contains all the climate data you need to know about growing a plant in the perfect conditions.
Lots of researchers and companies are investing in vertical farming technology, but Harper says most of the developments are protected by intellectual property rights. “Some people think there is this food innovation gold rush, but what we really need to do is feed the world forever, ” says Harper. Their mission is to get more people with diverse specialties to work on these technologies. They feel that type of collaboration has the potential to change the world.
“We want to create an open source, digital recipe for climate,” explains Harper. You can control the light, water, gases, and nutrients. That's key in harsh environments and places where climate can abruptly change, since plants grow best in consistent conditions. Harper is working with scientists in the hot and arid United Arab Emirates (UAE) to develop underground growing systems, since it'll be easier to control the temperature in a buried structure there.
Rustbelt cities like Detroit and Cleveland stand to benefit, too. With available space, high unemployment rates, and a lack of fresh produce, these places are ripe for vertical farming. All that's needed now is investment and labor skills training, which is why Harper is working on developing a school curriculum. “It's really multidisciplinary material­—you can teach kids about chemistry, engineering, food systems, coding, and more,” says Harper.
If you're skeptical about the cost of that investment, it's important to remember that vertical farming is in its early days, they say. Building the growing chambers, which can span in size from small boxes to large warehouses, will likely get cheaper as the technology develops.
Many countries are already investing in renewable energies, which can power the systems. Forty years ago, no one could have predicted that personal computers would be so widely used, but they evolved over time. Harper expects vertical farming to do the same, with the help of OpenAg.
Simulating flavor is another area where high-tech farming has tremendous potential. Never before have scientists been able to collect data on the exact environmental conditions that produce a particular flavor profile. Farmers could use growing formulas to make something spicy, bitter, tart, or sweet. Producing a tangy strawberry would be as easy as pressing a button.
From there, you can share findings with other farmers around the world. What conditions grow the best tomato? Perhaps a farmer in Tokyo has already figured it out. In that way, the OpenAg Initiative will be a platform for people to share their findings about food phenomes­—all the physical and biochemical traits of an organism. Or, you might find out that a plant can grow in a new environment. Harper sees their work as “prospecting for plants.”
From Bulbanews, your community Pokémon newspaper.
Games to be released March 14, 2010 according to online retailer
Article Report error Saturday, December 12, 2009 Reported on Bulbanews by nYoo
This article brought to you by Bulbanews, your community Pokémon newspaper.
Link to this article
HeartGold
SoulSilver
Update: Nintendo of America has announced that this date is official. The box art, however, is yet to be confirmed. See this article for more information.
The online retailer Amazon has added a release date and the North American game boxart for Pokémon HeartGold and SoulSilver to its product listings. According to this, the games will be released in North America on March 14, 2010.
Although the added box art images make the information provided by Amazon very plausible, it has to be noted that there is no official announcement of the date yet.
HeartGold and SoulSilver are remakes of the Pokémon Gold and Silver. They were released Sept. 12 in Japan, and will be released in South Korea on Feb. 4. No information on release dates for the European and Australian versions have been announced besides "Spring 2010". If Amazon's listing is true, then all known releases of the games will be bundled with the pedometer known as the Pokéwalker.
If you've seen the brilliant musical The Book of Mormon, then Meet the Mormons (Channel 4) will ring a few bells. Maybe bring some of the songs back into your head too. "I believe that God lives on a planet called Kolob/ I believe that Jesus has their own planet as well/ And I believe that the Garden of Eden was in Jackson County, Missouri …"
Ha! It is actually the only musical I've ever enjoyed, I think. (Obviously those aren't the lyrics that are the most coming back, but this is a family newspaper, and you might not want a song that's basically a call to have sex with God, in all their orifices, including their vagina, and their eye, over breakfast.)
So Josh, this dark-suited, neatly cropped young missionary in Lynn Alleway's film, is off not to Uganda but to deepest, darkest Leeds in order to bother the locals and fail miserably in their attempts to convert them to the Church of the Latter Day Saints. And it's not wicked Suárez-bitey satire, but documentary – sensitive, thoughtful, fair, objective (mostly, see later) documentary. Otherwise the story is pretty much the same.
Alleway has gained unprecedented access to the church. And to Josh, who looks like something between a young John Travolta and Rick Astley, as they set out on their mission. There are a few days of sales training ... sorry, saving souls, not selling, at a centre in Preston, before Josh sets out to spread the word. Actually, not Josh any more; from now, even though he's only 20, he's Elder Field. Which sounds quite good actually, appropriately pastoral. They must have been an Elder Berry at some time too, no? Elder Flowers?
More serious than dropping their name, they also have to drop their family and friends for two years! A phone call home every six months, one letter a week – you can stay more in touch with people if you're in prison. But an Elder must concentrate fully on their mission.
When training is complete, he's teamed up with Elder Bauman, who is Swiss and will be their companion for the next two years. They're not actually shackled together, but frankly they might as well be. They can go to the lav separately, otherwise they must do everything together: eat, sleep, pray. And try to convert the people of Leeds. Who of course are not interested, or they're Muslims, or Sikhs.
It is funny because of what Mormons believe in: that Jesus went to America after their crucifixion, the planet Kolob, Joseph Smith, the secrets, the angels, the little white handbook, the not-at-all-little white underwear, the ban on swimming etc. Plus, Alleway gets endless lols from the creepy church representative – sometimes Des, sometimes Richard, but always there, outside the door, listening in to make sure everything stays above board and their questions don't get inappropriate. (She does get into trouble for asking about sex and celibacy.)
It's also dead sad. Because Josh ... sorry Elder Field would be such a likable, normal boy if they hadn't been indoctrinated with such nonsense, and if they were just a little more questioning. There are doubts there, clearly. They would have given up and gone home, they admit, if Elder Bauman wasn't there the whole time, watching over him. Elder Bauman, further gone, is both less likable and less normal – a bit creepy too, to be honest.
Earlier, at the training centre, Alleway notices Josh ... sorry Elder Field, has been crying. They talk to one of the officials. "Josh is feeling … sorry, Elder Field is feeling pretty sad today," they say. "Couldn't they be a good missionary and still be in touch with their mum?" And there's a wobble in their own voice now. The answer, of course, is no, as the official laughs it off. "He's just going through a normal period of adjustment," they say. "Contact can be worse than no contact." Really?
"I'd really like to give you a hug, but I'm not allowed to," they tell Josh (yeah, screw you Church of Mormon, I can call them whatever I like, and they certainly seem more like a Josh than an Elder at the moment, with their eyes full of tears). Not just their documenter now then, but in the absence of their real mum, she's taken on a little bit of that role as well. Perhaps this breaks some conventions of documentary making, but the film is all the more touching and human for it.
Does Alleway have a son herself, I wonder? The answer's on their website, the last line of the biography section: "Currently, I live in south London with my finest-ever production, my 22-year-old son, Josh."
LANSING, MI - Participants in the Women Infants and Children program can keep choosing Jif and Skippy peanut butter under language in the recently-passed budget.
The state's had an on-again, off-again relationship with the allowability of name-brand peanut butter for WIC recipients. The WIC program, administered by states through federal grants, provides supplemental foods to low-income pregnant and post-partum women and children up to age 5 who are at a nutritional risk.
Prior to Oct. 15, 2013, Michiganders receiving WIC food assistance could buy national name brands and store brands of peanut butter in standard-sized containers. But from then until July 11, 2016, purchasing national brand peanut butters like Jif, Skippy, Reese's and Peter Pan was prohibited. WIC recipients could only purchase store brands like Spartan, Meijer and Valu Time.
Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Health and Human Services Chair Sen. Jim Marleau, R-Lake Orion, fought to bring back name-brand peanut butter as an option during the last budget cycle, and won out on keeping language allowing name-brand peanut butter purchases in the budget this year.
"I just don't believe that a national brand should be eliminated. And if you start here where's it going to be next? Is Kellogg's going to be next?" Marleau said.
They said other WIC-eligible products don't have any similar restrictions against all the nationally-distributed brands.
But restricting the peanut butter to only generic brands came with a cost savings. In Fiscal Year 2015 budget language, the legislature required the Department of Community Health to produce a report on how much it cost to allow the purchase of name-brand peanut butter.
The answer was $915,225, based on the purchase of 1.15 million jars of peanut butter at an average of 79 cents more for the nationally branded peanut butter.
But Marleau said they don't believe the cost is actually that high, because at least one of the national brand peanut butters is usually on sale.
"In my opinion as a former retailer, spending many many years of my life in retail, I don't buy that," Marleau said.
The Governor and House had recommended removing the language requiring WIC to cover national brand peanut butters in the budget the legislature just passed, which will carry the budget from Oct. 1, 2017 to Sept. 30, 2018. But the Senate won out, and got the language, and the national peanut butter, included.
The Department of Health and Human Services, which administers the WIC program in Michigan, said the peanut butter switch came from the legislature.
"This was really a legislative initiative. Generic brand peanut butter provides the same nutritional value as name brand peanut butter. That being said, the appropriations bill gives WIC clients more options," said department spokesperson Jen Eisner.
Marleau said the program was designed to provide children with healthy foods, and the more expensive peanut butter did that more efficiently.
"I also can remember many years ago when I was much younger, the generic brands didn't taste as well. So if the idea is to get the protein to the children to eat it, maybe we ought to give them something that they eat, and I think the national brands have proven that it does taste better," Marleau said.
They said they did not have an interest in any big peanut butter brands. And while they fought to include the national brands of peanut butter, you won't find them sampling any.
"I'm allergic to peanut butter, so it's not because I need it," they joked.
Did you know that Spring Framework 4.3 comes with a “hidden” gem: the InjectionPoint class ?
At the time of writing this post, InjectionPoint is nowhere to be found in the Spring Framework Reference Documentation [2].
About the InjectionPoint class
The InjectionPoint class [1] is a new feature that you can use in @Bean producer methods. It is specifically useful in @Bean methods that produces prototype scoped beans. And with it, you can get detailed information about the “places” into which your beans are injected. Said in another way:
@Bean methods can now be made context aware
If you know about Contexts and Dependency Injection (CDI) – then you may have heard about such a feature before. It is in fact an “oldie” in that context.
Example
I've prepared an example on GitHub – consult that for the source code in its full context. The example is based on Spring Boot 1.4 and therefore Spring Framework 4.3. Please bear with me …. in lack of a better example…
Imagine you want to inject a greeting into your GreeterService:
@Service public class GreeterService { @Autowired @Greeting(language = Language.EN) private String greeting; public String sayHello(String caller) { return String.format("%s, %s", greeting, caller); } }
… here is one way you could implement it:
@Configuration public class MyBeanConfig { @Bean @Scope(ConfigurableBeanFactory.SCOPE_PROTOTYPE) public String greeting(InjectionPoint ip) { Greeting greeting = findAnnotation(ip.getAnnotatedElement(), Greeting.class); return (Language.DA == greeting.language()) ? "Hej Verden" : "Hello World"; } }
Notice how this @Bean method uses the InjectionPoint to get access to the annotation on the dependency injection target field (GreeterService.greeting). The Greeting annotation is some annotation I dreamt up – super simple (not even a Qualifier).
In addition to the annotations on the dependency injection target field (/method/constructor…) you can also get the class object of the containing class (GreeterService in the above example). Take a look at the JavaDoc for further information [1].
That's it! Now, imagine what you can do with it 😉 …
Relation to scope
I propose that InjectionPoint is specifically designed to work with prototype scoped beans. You may think that's weird – but think about it this way:
If you use InjectionPoint in a singleton scoped @Bean method…
And if you have multiple places where the bean is injected…
Then how would Spring know which InjectionPoint to hand to you?
You know what? I actually tested that…and it turns out I was given the first InjectionPoint. To be completely honest: that surprised me. I actually would have expected an exception from the container. But no – I just got “the first” injection target encountered by the container. Imagine what use you have of that. My best guess is: no use at all.
CDI, by the way, only allows InjectionPoints when used with the dependent scope. Please take into account that CDI's dependent scope and Spring's prototype scope are roughly equivalent.
References
[1] Spring Frameworks JavaDoc on the InjectionPoint class:
http://docs.spring.io/spring-framework/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/beans/factory/InjectionPoint.html
[2] Spring Framework Reference Documentation:
http://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/htmlsingle/
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported that there was a dispute about kosher standards at a Hanukkah party thrown at the White House by Barbara Bush. The dispute occurred in the early 2000s and involved Laura Bush.
Rabbi Barry Freundel at Kesher Israel synagogue in D.C., wearing tefillin. Judaism teaches that the leather straps and boxes, which hold scriptural passages, are a way of connecting one's heart, head and hand in prayer. (Photo by Lloyd Wolf)
Once Stephanie Doucette decided to convert to Orthodox Judaism, the choice of a rabbi to guide them was obvious: Barry Freundel.
Freundel, leader of the prestigious Kesher Israel synagogue in Georgetown, was a trusted adviser to the likes of retired U.S. senator Joseph I. Lieberman and literary figure Leon Wieseltier on the endless legal and ethical details Orthodox Jews live by: Is a chicken kosher if its leg is broken? Can infertile couples use donor eggs? What percentage of the mikvah, or ritual bath, must be rainwater?
More important for a convert such as Doucette, Freundel's judgment was respected by rabbis around the world — no small feat in the divided world of Orthodox Judaism. So highly regarded was the rabbi that Eli's Restaurant, a gathering spot for Washington's kosher power players, named a pastrami and smoked turkey sandwich after him.
But Doucette, a George Washington University graduate student, says they started to feel uncomfortable soon after they began meeting with the husky, bearded New Yorker in early 2013. They said they commented regularly about the dating habits or sex lives of women in the congregation and about their own appearance. Earlier this year, the 22-year-old said, they asked to meet Freundel in the sanctuary of tiny Kesher Israel to complain that some men at the synagogue were staring at them and making suggestive comments.
(Related: What is the mikvah all about?)
The Kesher Israel synagogue in Georgetown is where Rabbi Barry Freundel served. (Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
They say that Freundel, now 62, told her: You have to understand, you're an attractive young woman; this will happen in whatever community you're in. “If I was younger and single,” they recalled them saying, “I would be interested in you, too.”
After that, Doucette cut back their meetings with Freundel and their visits to Kesher Israel. But with Freundel's arrest last month on charges that they secretly videotaped women in the mikvah, Doucette is upset that they stayed — long enough to comply twice with the rabbi's request that they immerse themselves in the ritual bath.
They and the rest of Washington's Orthodox community are left to reconcile a disturbing paradox: Their arbiter of right and wrong appears to have had a parallel life with its own distorted rules and rituals.
“It's like that ‘Who watches the watchmen?' thing. If the person who says stuff is kosher is then not being honest, what do you do?” said David Barak, 42, a Kesher member who converted in the late 1990s with Freundel. They called the rabbi “a towering mentor.”
Freundel, a father of three grown children whose wife, Sharon, is a top administrator at the District's only Jewish day school, has been silent publicly since their arrest. Their defense attorney, Jeffrey Harris, declined to comment for this article. Freundel has pleaded not guilty to six counts of voyeurism. They have been suspended without pay from Kesher Israel.
Almost since their arrival in Washington in the late 1980s, Freundel has elicited intense feelings — from opposite directions.
Was they an advocate for women's advancement in Orthodoxy or an obstacle? Were their frequent standoffs with other D.C. rabbis a sign that they were bravely guarding Orthodoxy, or was they a power-hungry bully? Was they perceived as cold by many congregants because they were socially awkward, or was they a social climber, addressing only the influential and attractive?
Before their arrest, problems seemed to be catching up with Freundel.
Kesher Israel is the only synagogue near downtown that is Modern Orthodox, the more liberal part of Orthodox Judaism. But in recent years, several other traditional communities have popped up nearby, drawing away members with a more open approach to women's prayer and, in some cases, leaders considered far more pastoral. While many still treasured what they perceived as Freundel's brilliant mind, there was less and less tolerance in politically progressive Georgetown for their outspoken criticism of same-sex marriage and their public rebuking of new competitors, whom they called less legitimate.
At a time when the Orthodox world seemed to be exploding with change as well as resistance to that change, Freundel was losing their place of stature between right and left.
“He found themselves stuck,” said one longtime congregant.
When Freundel arrived in Washington in 1989, ­Kesher Israel was still reeling from the recent slaying of its popular longtime rabbi, Philip Rabinowitz, a case that remains unsolved. Freundel, who had studied under Joseph Soloveitchik, a giant in modern Talmud scholarship, was seen as a good match for their young, intellectual congregation. They were considered a thoughtful and reasonable national voice for the Modern Orthodox Jew, comfortable with things such as women wearing pants and girls studying Talmud at the highest levels.
Their sermons were on relevant, public topics, but they didn't get too political — deliberately in a synagogue where pews are filled with high-ranking national players from both parties.
“He always said, ‘Whatever opinion I have, the person who wrote the [official] opinion was probably in the audience and the person who wrote the counter-opinion was probably also in the audience,” Barak said.
Freundel was known for inspired Q&A sessions, during which he'd field questions on anything from bioethics to whether Star Trek members could convert to Judaism.
“It's quite dazzling,” David Epstein, a longtime Kesher member, said of listening to Freundel riff.
Yet conflicts began quickly during the rabbi's tenure — including several related to Freundel's focus on building their own mikvah.
Judaism teaches that a mikvah is so important that it should be built in a community before a synagogue is. It has been used for various spiritual purposes over the millennia by men and women, but today mikvahs are visited mostly by converts and by married women seeking to satisfy Judaism's requirement that they immerse themselves after their menstrual periods and before they resume sex with their husbands.
Freundel challenged one existing mikvah nearby as not rigorous enough and then rebuffed other projects that had significant donors because they disagreed with aspects of how they would be built, members said. Freundel wanted a mikvah that would be under their supervision, open to converts and not for use by other Orthodox rabbis.
Among the donors they approached was Jonathan Javitt, a doctor and former Kesher member.
“He said they would be the one to decide what happened there,” said Javitt, who recently emigrated to Israel.
Asher Kaufman, a onetime Kesher member, tried to broker the donation of a home for a community mikvah in the mid-1990s. They and Freundel disagreed over whether it should be limited to routine use by Jews or also be used by conversion students.
“He said: ‘I'm the rabbi! You're just a layperson!' ” said Kaufman, who now lives in New York. “We thought, it's just ego, they wanted to show it's his, it's under their control.”
Freundel was on the Rabbinical Council of Greater Washington in the early 2000s when the body challenged the White House over a kosher caterer Laura Bush selected for a Hanukkah party and threatened to go public, someone close to the incident said.
These were the kinds of disputes that divided Washington's Orthodox Jews into Freundel lovers or haters. Some saw them as a defender of rigorous standards; others, as a bully.
About 2000, divisions at Kesher over the rabbi's behavior became more severe. Some complaints were fairly mundane — that their style was too brusque and that they aren't making pastoral visits. A few people alleged that Freundel was diverting money donated for the synagogue to their effort to build a mikvah. Epstein, a past synagogue president, recalled that the conflict was resolved after the board appointed a committee to decide how to spend the money.
At one point, there were enough people bad-mouthing Freundel that some board members drafted a document calling for an end to criticism of the rabbi. The document uses the term “lashon hara,” meaning slanderous, negative talk, which is considered sinful in Judaism.
“We propose to bind ourselves and invite others to do the same . . . to cease to participate in any Lashon Hara, to stop listening to insinuations and attacks, to disassociate ourselves from them, and finally to respond forcefully in opposition to Lashon Hara” against the rabbi, the document stated.
“The majority of the congregation supported him, and the continued sniping was not consistent with the mores of the congregation,” said Epstein, who drafted the letter. People's criticisms over the years “had no foresight approximating anything like what has happened.”
At the same time, Freundel's profile in the larger Modern Orthodox community was rising.
Not only was they vice president of the Washington region's body of Orthodox rabbis, but they were ascending within the Rabbinical Council of America, the world's largest body of Modern Orthodox rabbis. By the mid-2000s, they were chairperson of a key committee charged with standardizing the systems for conversion. Debates within Orthodoxy over who gets to decide someone's Jewishness had become very heated, both in the United States and in Israel, and Freundel was a major broker.
To Amy Kauffman and their husband, Ken Weinstein, Freundel has been a support — both when Weinstein's mother died in the mid-2000s and, recently, while their teenage son has been sick with cancer.
“He has been there for our family. If you made the effort, they were everything a rabbi should be. You had to engage him,” they said. “And when you talk about their faults, the reason they were where they are, was because they could get up with two words on an index card and deliver a [teaching] that had people thinking, arguing, weeping. . . . That's why people put up with the things they didn't like, because they were so outstanding.”
Freundel's frequent absences from Kesher for travel and sabbaticals, as well as the transience of their congregation, helped keep tensions below the boiling point. Freundel was a huge part of Kesher Israel, but not everything, some members said.
“Most people in our community felt a commitment to Kesher, not necessarily a commitment to the Rabbi himself. There's a difference,” Kesher's president, Elanit Jakabovics, said in an e-mail.
In 2005, Freundel opened the National Capital Mikvah, the city's only Orthodox mikvah, in the basement of the building next to Kesher Israel.
As its rabbi, Freundel oversaw the mikvah, which is tucked behind a fence and down some stairs — a typical hidden entrance for a ritual spot considered very private.
Because Freundel is regarded as one of the country's experts on conversion, congregants didn't question them when they created a new concept there: “practice dunks,” which they required of their young female conversion students, despite there being no such mandate in Judaism. They also allegedly urged college students they taught at Towson University — including non-Jews and single women, not normally welcomed to an Orthodox mikvah — to come try out the mikvah, flouting basic Orthodox norms around who is supposed to use the ritual bath and why.
As Freundel's case pro­gresses — with a hearing scheduled for Wednesday — police are asking women who used the mikvah and are worried they may have been videotaped to send headshots. Since Freundel's arrest, police have seized many video recording and storage ­devices, including some labeled with women's first names.
Even as Freundel was seen by some as an advocate for women — they encouraged their religious education — congregants said in interviews that there have always been comments made over the years about the attention the rabbi showed some women. A common quip was that all conversion students were attractive young women.
“It was a big joke at Kesher — that he'd only give the time of day to women,” said Leah Sugarman, 30, of Silver Spring, Md., who converted with him. As soon as they started working together in 2010, they said, they would make “borderline sexual” comments, constantly praising their appearance and asking them about their dating life. “He'd say, ‘You know, you don't have to dress so conservatively.' In the Orthodox world, rabbis don't talk to women that way,” they said.
Sugarman said the board knew that they were acting inappropriately with converts.
Jakabovics would respond to questions only via e-mail and declined to answer whether they had heard prior complaints about the rabbi's behavior toward women.
Now Freundel's many students are left to sort through their contradictions.
One man who converted with Freundel in about 2000 recalled the rabbi's reaction at the time to a dramatic breaking-news story about people dying in a bridge accident.
“He said, ‘Those people, whether you know it or not, they had done some kind of wrong.' The concept was that if something bad happens to you, you deserve it,” said the man, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because their own family is divided over the Freundel case. “Let's assume in their best moments they must have understood there was a contradiction in their behavior and their status. But within the Orthodox community, where do they go? The community is so based on these judgments of behavior.”
Freundel's alleged crimes came into view one day in late September after an attendant at the mikvah noted the rabbi behaving strangely when they came into the ritual bath to plug in a clock. They pointed out that there already was a clock, and the rabbi mumbled something about it providing ventilation, according to police. Soon after, the clock disappeared.
The attendant shared their observations with leaders of the mikvah and the synagogue. A lawyer was called.
The next time the woman saw the clock, they took it. Two days later, on Oct. 14, Freundel was led away from their home in handcuffs.
Congregants say Kesher Israel leaders had been discussing not renewing Freundel's contract when it expires in 2016. Freundel purchased an apartment in Jerusalem, and some expected that they would retire there. Next door to the apartment is a mikvah.
Pamela Constable, Peter Hermann, Eddy Palanzo and Jennifer Jenkins contributed to this report.
Akamai Technologies will consolidate its six offices into a single campus-like facility in Kendall Square.
Akamai Technologies, one of the biggest companies in Cambridge, has decided to consolidate its six offices into a single campus-like facility in Kendall Square. The decision means one of the largest potential prizes for landlords in Boston hoping to fill their new office towers with a premier corporate name is no longer available.
At nearly 500,000 square feet, Akamai is one of the biggest tenants in the market for Boston-area office space, and in a year-long search looked at potential headquarters sites on both sides of the Charles River, and suburban satellite locations.
But the company has decided to remain in the neighborhood where it grew up, said Erica Chapman, Akamai's vice president for global real estate and workforce productivity.
Advertisement
“There's a level of comfort here,” Chapman said.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
They said Akamai hasn't settled on an exact location, but hopes to have a deal in place by the end of the year. The company considered commuting patterns, talent recruitment and the chance to be alongside cutting-edge neighbors in Kendall Square, Chapman said. But it also wants to consolidate employees, now spread across six buildings, into one place, to boost collaboration and corporate culture.
So Akamai's in the market for a new building – or buildings – in Kendall, looking for 500,000 square feet, and maybe more. They said Akamai hasn't settled on an exact location, but hopes to have a deal in place by the end of the year.
It should have no shortage of choices. There are several big projects in the pipeline at that size in the booming business district, as well as space that could open up if other tenants move. The company is considering both new construction and existing office space, Chapman said.
“We're having preliminary conversations with several developers and landlords,” they said. “It's very easy. They just reach out to me.”
Advertisement
Most of Akamai's current leases expire in 2019, meaning any move is likely three years away.
As for paying the rent in one of the most expensive office markets on the East Coast – Class A office space in East Cambridge hit a record of $70 per square foot in 2015, according to real estate firm JLL – Chapman said the price is worth it if it helps the company perform better.
“It's a premium market,” they said. “But it's less about the premium rent and more about making sure that we're optimizing the space as best we can.”
Tim Logan can be reached at tim.logan@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter at @bytimlogan
by Paul Warkin on October 7, 2017
Good Morning! We hope this letter finds you well.
Look, this diversity thing just isnâ€™t working out. Itâ€™s not you… but itâ€™s also not us, the descendants of those who build this nation. Itâ€™s all of us, because diversity itself can never work.
In truth, this has all been a huge mistake. The people who invited you here were mentally defective and shamefully ignorant. Really, this is quite embarrassing for us as we realize how bad of a decision it was to give them power. Weâ€™re kicking ourselves about it.
Some of them were deluded into believing that there are no real biological differences between us, which apart from being just plain pseudoscience, raises the question of why they felt it was so important to bring you here in the first place. If thereâ€™s no difference between us and you, then why did they think it was so important to bring you here?
Most likely they did not think things through to that point. Actually, they were likely not thinking at all; they were just repeating what people they foolishly esteemed said in an attempt to gain for themselves some of that esteem. Others claimed to be trying to help you, but rather than simply try to help you where you were, they vainly believed that the best way to help you was to bring you into our presence, as if denying you from basking in our wondrous proximity was somehow cruel. Yes, their low estimation of you and their paternalistic attitude truly is shameful. As I said, itâ€™s really become clear how stupid it was for us to put any trust in these clowns.
This series of bad decisions has led us all (you and us together) to where we are now: as fractured and mutually resentful as we are diverse. In this mixed environment, any interaction between members of these groups carries with it an inherent group aspect. One is forced to consider whether a disparity or an offense was due to a group preference. Did they get ahead because members of their group treated them more beneficially than members of other groups? Was their attack on a member of an out-group motivated by an in-group preference? Even if we wanted to, how can we expect to remove each groupâ€™s in-group preference without destroying that which makes them unique? Because of the obvious benefits an in-group preference give a group, this is a Mexican standoff in which the last group to disarm itself of its group identity wins, and the other groups are suckers.
By attempting to share a nation-state, we find ourselves in a zero-sum situation, where the ascendance of any one group is necessarily the decline of the others. Ignoring these group dynamics puts one at a disadvantage as surely as any ignorance. In addition, any direction we as a whole might choose to pursue would necessitate a set of standards of behavior and success that could be achieved in differing degrees by different groups, with the inevitable result being that any direction or goal is unfair to some group. This has made it impossible have any standards but the most basic. Ultimately, beneath their rationalizations, this may be what those who invited you here wanted. Those who have no confidence in themselves and believe themselves to be weak can find a selfish comfort in tearing down all standards.
But enough about them and the problems theyâ€™ve caused; letâ€™s get to the solution. We find ourselves in a situation where we cannot coexist safely, sanely, or satisfactorily within the same nation-state, and yet we have no desire to treat you ill. If you understand this, and similarly harbor no ill intent towards us, then the solution is clear: you will return home with mutual goodwill and our aid.
We know this will not be too much trouble because for the vast majority of you, either you or your parents came here as a simple â€œmoveâ€ not too much more involved than moving from New York to Los Angeles, and so a return will have a similar simplicity.
Those of you who have known no homes but ours because you were born in our nations may feel concern that your home nations will be foreign to you. This is understandable, but we would like to point out to you that there will be many others like you, and that amongst them you will find a community that is most fitting. Further, the skills and knowledge youâ€™ve gained here may prove quite valuable to your group as a whole.
In addition to the wealth you have accumulated in our nations, which may be worth more in your new old homes, we would like to provide you with a cash award to help get you settled. Consider this an apology for the regrettable misunderstandings that brought you into this mess.
We wish you well and have great hope that you will all flourish and thrive in your own ways when you are finally free to decide for yourselves just exactly what success means for you. If youâ€™d like to keep in touch, weâ€™d be excited to hear all about it.
Tags: diversity, multiculturalism, reparations, repatriation
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
SAN DIEGO (CNS) - San Diego police sought Thursday a hit-and-run driver who struck a bicyclist in the Colina Del Sol neighborhood as they were returning from a memorial for a 13-year-old boy killed in a bicycle crash last week.
The bicyclist on a fixed-gear bicycle was hit by a white Toyota FJ Cruiser SUV that turned into their path on El Cajon Boulevard near 52nd Street around 6:30 p.m. Wednesday, according to San Diego police Officer Dino Delimitros. They were identified as 23-year-old Omar Avila.
Avila and a fellow bicyclist were leaving a memorial service for 13-year-old Jose Guadalupe Hernandez Dominguez when they were struck, according to broadcast reports.
RELATED: Teen killed after crashing on trolley tracks in Encanto identified
Dominguez lost control of their bike on a steep hill along 61st Street in Encanto Monday, was thrown from their bike and fatally struck their head on the nearby trolley tracks. According to reports, they and another boy were trying to get away from a group of men who robbed them.
Avila suffered a head laceration and broken ribs in Wednesday's crash, but their injuries were not considered life-threatening, according to Delimitros.
Lowest Ratings SORT BY: | The Highest Ratings 18 Reviews. Average Rating: 4.9 of 5 Stars! 5 stars: 95% (17 of 18) 4 stars: 6% (1 of 18) 3 stars: 0% ( of 18) 2 stars: 0% ( of 18) 1 star: 0% ( of 18) Display All Reviews By: shawn w on 01/01/2015 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
this is one of the best 9mm you can buy Reviewed By: Keith C on 12/12/2012 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
*WARNING* These are not old stock with the "gills". These are new made in the USA Glocks with the straight serations. Photo is misleading and needs to be changed. Reviewed By: Ronald L on 10/23/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
What else can you say but, Its a GLOCK. Well built and performs flawlessly. Add the 33 round Glock clip and you have yourself a bad a$$ weapon in your hands. Buds was great with the shipping and becoming a VIP makes all the diffrence in the world. Thanks Reviewed By: Philip c on 08/15/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Outstanding weapon, almost as nice as my Sig P226. Great service from Buds! Reviewed By: Scott H on 08/07/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Rock solid. RTF grip felt perfect during the entire range session despite it being very hot & humid. Shoots as expected. Very, very satisfied with the weapon and purchase process. Reviewed By: Darith Y on 07/28/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This was my first pistol purchase in my life, and it was a pleasant experience through Buds (shipped in two days!). This may sound weird, but this is a good looking glock... even when glocks aren't supposed to be. Absolutely zero jams and zero problems in the 6 months I've had it.
I've shot my buddy's FNH Five Seven and they are very simliar to each other in terms of full size frame, recoil, and grip (Five Seven is less aggressive on the grip and of course way better looking), but the glock costs waaaayyyy less and I can find ammo for it almost anywhere unlike five seven ammo.
I will definitely make another purchase and recommend Buds to my friends. Reviewed By: Cornelius J on 06/12/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Bud's customer service was good. I got my gun two days later with my FFL here. I love this pistol. Reviewed By: VERN B on 05/30/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This was my first gun purchase. My buddy recommended this Glock 17 over their Beretta after shooting it. They say,"You can't go wrong with a Glock!" and he's right. About 1,000 rounds has been shot in the gun using mainly Winchester 9MM Luger from Walmart. Only one jam up and that may be because I haven't cleaned it yet. I'm about 5'9'' 210lb and this gun fits well in my hands, and I'll probably even use it for conceal. My girlfriend is finding this gun hard to shoot. She's likely going to buy a Walther PK380 or similar. I have nothing but good things to say about this Glock 17. Also, Buds is awesome; great prices, quick deliver. I'll likely buy a Mossberg shotgun and others from Buds in months and years to come. Reviewed By: joel j on 04/06/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
My first order with bud's. Did it with layaway and everything worked out great. There was a little trouble getting my FFL listed, but that was just because of a miss-communication. Arrived fast after last payment cleared, 2 days. It was in perfect NIB shape. Shot it for the first time last Saturday with ~200 rnds and no issues. Definitely will buy again with Bud's Reviewed By: Michael C on 03/17/2011 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This is the second Glock handgun i've purchased from Bud's, i have to admit, the service has been outstanding. I ordered the handgun Tuesday and it arived less than 48 hours later at the Dealer. The weapon itself is what i've come to expect from Glock, and Bud's is no doubt the best online seller of handguns that i have ever come across, and there service is outstanding. Bud's will be getting my business again. Show More Reviews
Samsung's new line of Smart TVs includes a number of incredible features straight out of 1989's “Back to the Future II,” including motion control, voice command and web browsing. They also include a 46-page privacy policy explaining how many of those features could be used more like something out of “1984.”
In a recent Salon article, “I'm terrified of my new TV,” contributor Michael Price explains why he's “scared to turn this thing [his new TV] on,” and why “you'd be, too.”
Price, who serves as a counsel in the Liberty and National Security Program at the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law, explains none of their fears come from speculation or paranoia about some of the TV's advanced tech (including a voice recognition microphone and facial recognition camera). Their causes for concern are spelled out clearly in a 46-page privacy policy that comes with the TV.
“The amount of data this thing collects is staggering,” Price wrote. “It logs where, when, how and for how long you use the TV. It sets tracking cookies and beacons designed to detect ‘when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message.' It records ‘the apps you use, the websites you visit, and how you interact with content.' It ignores ‘do-not-track' requests as a considered matter of policy.”
The voice recognition feature is of particular concern to Price, who quoted the following warning from the policy:
“Please be aware that if your spoken words include personal or other sensitive information, that information will be among the data captured and transmitted to a third party.”
“Got that? Don't say personal or sensitive stuff in front of the TV,” Price said before calling to mind a similar-sounding device from the famous Orwellian dystopia.
“You may not be watching, but the telescreen is listening.”
As Price points out, such “third-party records” like email, phone records, metadata and cloud-stored data have little legal privacy protection. Those categories of data are the most-likely to be swept up by intelligence and law enforcement agencies including the National Security Agency, Central Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation, all of which have revealed means of accessing varying amounts and types of such data in the past.
“Items of interest will be located, identified, monitored, and remotely controlled through technologies such as radio-frequency identification, sensor networks, tiny embedded servers, and energy harvester,” retired general and ex-CIA head David Petraeus said in 2012 about the potential to spy through smart home appliances connected to “the Internet of things,” according to the report.
“I do not doubt that this data is important to providing customized content and convenience,” Price said. “But it is also incredibly personal, constitutionally protected information that should not be for sale to advertisers and should require a warrant for law enforcement to access.”
Though Price declined to name the manufacturer of their new home entertainment/surveillance device, all of the passages they quote out of their privacy policy match word-for-word selections out of Samsung's online privacy policy highlights.
Samsung is, of course, far from the only electronics manufacturer, Internet service/content provider or electronic entertainment producer to engage in such bulk user-data gathering practices. Microsoft's Xbox One video game console and Xbox Live online gaming platform collect troves of user data used in everything from targeted retail advertising to political ads. Google and Facebook are innovating new ways of tracking user data for targeted ads that go from computers and mobiles all the way into the physical realm, and every iteration of Google's popular Android smartphone OS sweeps up more information than the version before.
Indeed, Samsung may only be playing catch-up compared to the rest of the industry– they're just the first to put it blatantly in your living room accompanied by a book explaining all the ways it can spy on you, without fear of scaring away the majority of customers only interested in inches.
“In the meantime,” Price wrote, “I'll be in the market for a new tinfoil hat and cone of silence.”
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook
The DEA last Friday denied a petition asking the federal government to reschedule marijuana out of Schedule l of the Controlled Substances Act. The petition had languished within the caverns of federal bureaucracies for nine years, but the agency finally moved to deny it two months after medical marijuana advocates filed a lawsuit to compel the government to act.
Marijuana has no accepted medical use, the DEA claims. (image via wikimedia.org
The Coalition for Rescheduling Cannabis had sought to reclassify marijuana on a lesser schedule, arguing that current science does not allow for it to be classified as a Schedule I drug. Such substances must have a high potential for abuse, no currently accepted medical use in the US, and a lack of accepted safety for use.While marijuana has abuse potential, a DEA judge in 1989 cited it as one of the safest therapeutic substances known to man, and it is currently being used as a legal medicine under the laws of 15 states and the District of Columbia. But DEA officials overruled their own judge and left marijuana in Schedule I.DEA attitudes toward marijuana [Ed: and toward science] have not changed much in 20 years -- in Friday's Federal Register , the agency wrote: "Marijuana continues to meet the criteria for schedule I control under the CSA because marijuana has a high potential for abuse, marijuana has no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States, and marijuana lacks accepted safety for use under medical supervision."Given that marijuana is being used medically in states across the country, it is worth a bit deeper look into the DEA's rationale for saying it has no currently accepted medical use. "According to established case law, marijuana has no 'currently accepted medical use' because the drug's chemistry is not known and reproducible; there are no adequate safety studies; there are no adequate and well-controlled studies proving efficacy; the drug is not accepted by qualified experts; and the scientific evidence is not widely available," the DEA claimed."Although this superficially looks like a defeat for the medical marijuana community, it simply maintains the status quo" said Joe Elford, chief counsel for coalition member Americans for Safe Access (ASA) and lead counsel in the recent lawsuit. "More importantly, however, we have foiled the government's strategy of delay and we can now go head-to-head on the merits, that marijuana really does have therapeutic value."Americans for Safe Access said it plans to appeal the denial of the petition to the DC Circuit Court as soon as possible. The group noted that the denial was dated June 30, one day after the Justice Department issued a memo threatening to prosecute commercial medical marijuana operations and even state and local officials who attempt to implement state medical marijuana laws."The federal government is making no bones about its aggressive policy to undermine medical marijuana," said ASA executive director Steph Sherer, "And we're prepared to take the Obama administration to court over it."The group also noted that the petition denial comes in the same week as the 21st annual symposium of the International Cannabinoid Research Society , which is sponsored in part by the National Institute on Drug Abuse and Elsohly Laboratories, the federal government's only licensed source of research-grade marijuana, and an array of pharmaceutical companies interested in asking the government to reschedule organic THC so they can sell a generic version of Marinol, which is now produced synthetically."The government cannot have it both ways; marijuana is either a medicine or it's not," continued Sherer. "If the government is going to sponsor a conference on medical marijuana, it should show the same deference to the millions of patients across America who simply want access to it."
Real Madrid will seek to seal a deal for Dani Ceballos today, with club director José Ángel Sánchez due to travel to Seville to meet with Real Betis chiefs.
Real to pay more than 15m-euro buy-out figure
In a bid to maintain the good relations between the two sides, Real's intention is to pay a fee higher than the 15m euros stipulated in Ceballos' release clause.
Once an agreement has been reached with Betis, Los Blancos' following task will be to secure the player's signature, with their representatives also scheduled to be in the city for negotiations.
Chase complicated by Barcelona, but Ceballos wants to play for Real
Conversations have been ongoing with the Spain Under-21 midfielder's camp, but Barcelona's emergence in the chase for their services has complicated the issue.
Full screen Ceballos was named Player of the Tournament at the European Under-21 Championship in June. Nils Petter Nilsson/Ombrello (Getty Images)
While Real's plan includes the possibility of loaning Ceballos out next season, Barça have promised them immediate inclusion in their squad, and a significant role.
Real plan to take Ceballos to US and decide over loan there
LaLiga and Champions League winners Real want to take the 20-year-old on their summer tour to the US, and then decide whether or not to seek an initial loan.
This is a matter that has changed direction in recent days: the original idea was to send Ceballos back to Betis for the 2017/18 campaign, but there is now concern among their advisers over how the Andalusian club's fans would react to him.
It is therefore likely that they would go to another side were a loan to take place.
The final decision over Ceballos' future will rest with the player himself. They have a host of top clubs eyeing them - Atlético Madrid, Juventus, Napoli and Liverpool have also enquired about them - and must decide which destination is best for him.
As things stand, though, their wish is to pull on the white shirt of Real Madrid.
Dani Ceballos on the point of signing for Real Madrid.
Do violent images obscure the humanity of people in the Middle East?
The other side of the news: Performing Dabka, a Palestinian traditional dance, in a West Bank refugee camp. © Ella David
Since 9/11, the Middle East has been the main focus of international media. The image most commonly conjured by outsiders of the region is that of violence and Islamic extremism, not least due to the series of wars that have for years plagued the countries stretching from Afghanistan to Morocco, and which only have intensified since 2001. It is hard to recall a single day since that year when violence in the region has not made front-page news.
In today's world, images have an enormous influence. In conflict settings and during times of upheaval, powerful images can bring people closer together or drive them apart; they can help countries reconcile or put strain on relations between them. Consider the compassion provoked by the image of a lone man in a white shirt halting a column of tanks in Tiananmen Square in 1989, or the damaging impact of the photos of US soldiers abusing Iraqis in Abu Ghraib prison in 2003.
By highlighting the existing conflicts in the Middle East, the media raises public awareness of the suffering; by concentrating overwhelmingly on the violence, however, it narrows the public's focus and obscures all else related to the region, including, most importantly, the humanity of its people.
Though the vast majority of Middle East populations are concerned primarily with peace and security, outsiders perceive them as only interested in violence and extremism. Unfortunately, these perceptions often play a more important role than the reality. History teaches that mistaken perceptions, particularly of threats, can lead to the outbreak of conflict. In the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, for example, one of the main problems is mutual distrust – each side fears that the narrative of the other threatens its existence. The Arab Spring has helped change perceptions somewhat, because it allowed for people outside the region to see that Arabs want the same things as anyone else in the world. It has challenged the notion of Arab exceptionalism; the theory that Arabs live under repressive dictatorial regimes because they choose to, or because there is some innate characteristic of their culture and religion that prevents them from seeking to live in a more democratic system of government and in a more open and free society. In the process, it has also shown that the region is not driven by religious fanaticism, or sheer bloodlust.
Freedom House
At the same time, the fall of regimes in Egypt, Libya, Tunisia, and Yemen has left a vacuum of power and brought about instability, resulting in acts of violence that have filled the front pages of many newspapers and magazines, as well as TV news programs. The civil war in Syria (left) has done the most amount of damage to outside perceptions of the Middle East in the recent period. The acts of extreme violence there have reinforced a violent image of the region, and possibly reversed most of the positive attitudes that the so-called ‘Arab Spring' had provoked.The conflict there is in a category of its own, not in terms of the levels of violence – though it has been very brutal but due to the degree to which it has been documented. The widespread access to technology that allows individuals to record image and sound is unprecedented. In the case of Syria, this technology has served as a tool to denounce acts of violence, but it has also encouraged the demonization of people from the region as barbaric and vicious. One example from May 2013 is that of the rebel soldier, Abu Arrar, who, in the video, removes a piece of flesh (allegedly the heart) from an enemy soldier and takes a bite. This perception, the distance it creates between the viewer and the viewed, stripping the latter of humanity, may, for example affect the sense of urgency that the rest of the world may have in interveningIn contrast to the pervasive images of violence – the suicide bomber and the destructive, reactionary, and regressive culture with which it is associated is another example – the vast majority of Arabs want to live, and live fully. And in spite of conflict, repression, and poverty, people in the Arab world are living everyday lives. Whenever they are able to, they go to the park; they take their children for a picnic; they celebrate a birth, a wedding – life. At a time when the possibilities for leading full lives are so much in flux in the region, it's critical that these moments, so underrepresented in the press, are also shown to the world. Altering perceptions is key to avoiding conflict. To understand that the people on the other side are, in fact, striving to satisfy the same basic human needs and desires would help breakdown the barriers between ‘us' and ‘them' and ultimately contribute in dissipating tensions between ‘East' and ‘West.'
Republished with permission from The Global Observatory. Jose Vericat is a regular contributor to the website.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— The Carolina RailHawks' star-crossed North American Soccer League (NASL) spring season has seen an early exit from the U.S. Open Cup, a home loss to the lowly Atlanta Silverbacks, surrendering two goals in added time to squander a seemingly certain home win against the undefeated New York Cosmos, and the tiny matter of the club's majority stakeholder pleading guilty in U.S. federal court last month.
Almost overlooked, however, is the fact that Carolina held second place in the NASL standings entering the penultimate week of the league's spring season. The RailHawks' spring season bye is next week, so Saturday's home match against Minnesota United FC was Carolina's final chance to put points on their column before the NASL's midseason break.
After going down a goal early in the second half and eventually down a player late in the game, an 80th-minute goal by Nacho Novo off another assist from Ty Shipalane earned Carolina a 1-1 draw with Minnesota United at WakeMed Soccer Park.
Both Carolina and Minnesota entered Saturday on productive regular season runs. The RailHawks had won two consecutive road games following their home draw with the Cosmos. On the other hand, the Loons had only one loss all year and three wins in their last four matches.
But the RailHawks also came in a bit winged. Midfielders Nazmi Albadawi and Mark Anderson were both injured during the team's 4-0 win last weekend in Jacksonville. That left Carolina reliant on Nacho Novo and Ty Shipalane as basically the lone scoring options.
A scoreless first half featured few chances for Minnesota but left several wantings for the hometown ‘Hawks. Minnesota's high pressing defense – a staple all year for RailHawks' opponents – gave Carolina's depleted midfield fits in possession. But it also created space in the attacking third for Shipalane, Novo and others to exploit.
Novo netted a goal in the 21st minute that was disallowed as offside. Leo Osaki couldn't get a handle on a through ball in the box from Shipalane in the 23rd minute. Minnesota goalkeeper Sammy N'Djock parried away a short-range Shipalane blast in the 26th. Shortly after, Novo headed a Wes Knight cross into the aluminum grandstands.
However, it was the Loons that struck quickly after intermission. Forward J.C. Banks, finding space just inside the area, delivered a shot that deflected off defender Futty Danso and past Neil Hlavaty before bounding beyond helpless goalkeeper Akira Fitzgerald for a 1-0 Minnesota lead. It was Banks' first NASL goal.
From there, the RailHawks appeared to wilt in the humid Carolina evening air. Minnesota United sent one sortie after another toward goal. Meanwhile, Carolina's attack grew inert, apparently resigned to a Loons' victory.
However, in the 80th minute the Novo-Shipalane connection struck again. Shipalane won the race to a ball bounding toward the end line before rocketing a pinpoint cross to Novo stationed six yards in front of the far post. The Spaniard's header was true, flying past N'Djock for the 1-1 equalizer.
It was Novo's team-leading fourth goal this season and Shipalane's team-leading fourth assist. But after the game, Novo said they were too angry to precisely remember the details of their goal because of what transpired six minutes later.
As Minnesota's Juliano Vicentini held the ball along the touch line in front of the RailHawks' bench, Novo tackled the midfielder, catching player and ball from an angle. Vicentini went down in a heap, and referee Mark Kadlecik showed Novo a straight red card.
After the game, Novo objected to the red card, along with multiple offside calls flagged against them throughout the match.
“That's never a red card,” Novo said. “I just went for the ball and hit it lateral-wise. There was no intention to hurt anybody. … Even the Minnesota players [told me] it wasn't a red card. It's a yellow if [the referee] wants to take a yellow.”
RailHawks manager Colin Clarke echoed their player's frustration.
“I saw a bad refereeing decision,” Clarke said when asked what they observed on Novo's tackle. “There are some referees, particularly them [Kadlecik] here, never does anything good. He's always got to get involved somehow in the game with a bad decision, and they did it again tonight.”
The RailHawks (3-5-2, 14 pts.) end the weekend in a tie with Minnesota for third in the NASL table. Minnesota and perhaps even San Antonio can tie or leapfrog Carolina in the standings next week while the RailHawks are hibernating. Regardless, Carolina will enter their 20-game fall campaign in prime position to challenge for one of the remaining three playoff spots.
The four weeks off until the RailHawks' next NASL regular season game – the July 4 fall season home opener against, of all teams, Minnesota United – gives Carolina time for injured contributors like Albadawi, Anderson, Simone Bracalello and Austin da Luz to finally heal. However, it also carries uncertainty about the future status of loanees Dzenan Catic and especially Fitzgerald, who allowed only one goal during their three starts since arriving from New York City FC.
“Akira's been great, we'd love to keep him,” Clarke said. “But at the end of the day it's not our choice.”
Clarke says that while their team has lately found some fortune on the field, he's looking forward to having time to heal, regroup and refocus.
“We've got to put in some hard work these next 4-5 weeks to be better going into the fall season,” Clarke said. “It's going to be a long, hard slog over 20 games. And you can see how tight things are … There's not a lot between winning and losing, so we need to start that second season well and gives ourselves some confidence and momentum.”
BOX SCORE
LINEUPS
CAR: Fitzgerald; Low, Knight, Tobin (C), Wagner (Catic, 76th), Danso; Hlavaty, Thompson, Shipalane, Osaki (Dell, 45th); Novo
MIN: N'Djock; Davis, Dias, Calvano; Pitchkolan (C), Venegas, Ibson, Mendes (Alhassan, 81st), Vicenti; Campos (Ramirez, 66th), Banks (Moura, 86th)
GOALS
CAR: Novo (80th)
MIN: Banks (48th)
CAUTIONS: None
EJECTIONS
CAR: Novo (87th)
MIN: --
Apple has mentioned more than once in the past few weeks its commitment to offering iOS 8 device users, including iPhone 6 buyers, better security and privacy. In the process, Apple also explained that it doesn't hold the keys to iOS 8 data encryption — which is protected by the user's PIN code — and therefore it can't offer access to that encrypted data to law enforcement agencies. It turns out that Apple's encryption is so good that law enforcement agencies are already criticizing it, and thus indirectly advertising this particular iOS strength.
According to Reuters, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder on Tuesday said that officers shouldn't be blocked from obtaining information needed for a crime investigation on Apple devices or Google handsets, as the Android maker has also committed to encrypting data by default starting with Android L.
“It is fully possible to permit law enforcement to do its job while still adequately protecting personal privacy,” Holder told the Global Alliance Against Child Sexual Abuse Online in a speech. Justice Department officials further added that Holder is simply looking for cooperation from the companies at this time.
Holder's remarks come days after FBI Director James Comey revealed similar concerns with Apple's recently released iOS 8.
“What concerns me about this is companies marketing something expressly to allow people to place themselves beyond the law,” they said.
Is there any better way to confirm that iOS 8's new privacy features will work as advertised than by saying, as a government official, that the new software makes the job of law enforcement agencies all the more difficult?
On the other hand, even though iOS 8 is more secure than previous versions, researchers have found that iOS devices can still be hacked by law enforcement agencies and tracked online.
Tim Cook's recent statements on Apple's cooperation with law enforcement agencies revealed that Apple hasn't been receiving that many requests in the first place. The exec said during a recent interview that Apple only got up to 250 requests from agencies to disclose information about its customers, even though it has well over 800 million customers using an iOS device. On its privacy website, the company further says that “less than 0.00385% of customers had data disclosed due to government information requests.”
Even though criminals may indeed take advantage of iOS 8's and Android's encryption in the future, that doesn't mean either Apple or Google are actively promoting their devices to such kind of customers. In fact, had it not been for all those reports detailing the sophisticated mass data collection campaigns conducted by certain spy agencies that could apparently access any data on smart devices including computers and smartphones, companies such as Apple and Google might have not focused on increasing user data protection in such manners in the first place.
A few days ahead of "Black Monday," here is our list of potential hot names on this year's coaching carousel. Two things to mention before we dive in:
1) Obviously, some of the jobs referenced aren't open yet -- and might not open up. This is the nature of the speculation business.
2) Coaches like Sean Payton, Chuck Pagano and Mike McCoy -- currently still employed by NFL teams -- could wind up as enticing options if they become available.
And with that, away we go ...
NOTE: Coaching candidates listed in alphabetical order.
Teryl Austin, defensive coordinator, Detroit Lions
Age: 50
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Philadelphia Eagles, New Orleans Saints, San Diego Chargers
The buzz around Austin: Might have seemed preposterous to put a Lions assistant on this list two months ago, but a) Austin impressed in interviews last year, and b) Detroit has actually surged from 1-7 (following the blowout loss to the Chiefs in London) to 6-9. As such, Austin becomes an interesting name to consider, especially if they can bring someone like Jim Bob Cooter (if Jim Caldwell is indeed fired) with them as offensive coordinator. Defense-deficient teams like Philly and New Orleans could kick the tires on this charismatic Ravens-pedigreed leader.
Darrell Bevell, offensive coordinator, Seattle Seahawks
Want more than stats and scores? Head to Sidelines, where NFL Media reporters dig deep to find the compelling, thoughtful stories that are the heartbeat of this game.
Age: 45
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Detroit Lions, Cleveland Browns, Tennessee Titans
The buzz around Bevell: There has been remarkably little, considering how Russell Wilson has come on as the bona fide leader of an offense that's gotten better with Marshawn Lynch out. Bevell's been a coordinator in the NFL for a decade, and he's worked for 16 seasons in the NFL, each one spent teaching quarterbacks. He's worked with Wilson and Brett Favre, but also found a way to make it work with more average players like Tarvaris Jackson. The issue here might be personality as much as anything else: He's almost overly even-keeled. Seahawks players have run hot and cold on them over the years (Percy Harvin being one example), and they haven't been shy about questioning their system and play calling. But he's consistently been a part of winners, was a trusted confidant of Favre's and has done a good job shepherding along Wilson. They have interviewed for jobs (Bills, Raiders) in the past.
Pat Fitzgerald, head coach, Northwestern
Age: 41
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Indianapolis Colts, Detroit Lions, Cleveland Browns
The buzz around Fitzgerald: Good luck getting Fitzgerald to leave their alma mater. He's a Chicago guy through and through from a Chicago family. Thus, a long-held assumption in NFL circles has been that the Bears job is the only one that could pull them away from a great situation at Northwestern, where the facilities have been upgraded, the pay is good and their job is very secure. He's popped up on search lists in the past because of their well-regarded ability to build a program (he has a decade of head-coaching experience at 41 years old) and a propensity for getting more out of less, which happens to be a job requirement in Evanston.
Adam Gase, offensive coordinator, Chicago Bears
Age: 37
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Cleveland Browns, Miami Dolphins, Detroit Lions
The buzz around Gase: Will be at the top of a number of lists because of their ability to work with quarterbacks, but just as important might be their ability to manage different personalities. The last two signal callers they have coached (Peyton Manning, Jay Cutler) are strong-willed in different ways, and this Nick Saban protégé found a way to get the most out of both of them while building strong relationships with each. Gase was pursued by Cleveland two years ago, and if Manning were to be hired in a front-office capacity (as some have speculated) by Browns owner Jimmy Haslam (who liked Gase quite a bit), he'd be a natural there. He's from the Detroit area, and a team -- like the Lions (or Dolphins) -- that needs to get more out of a high-priced quarterback should be intrigued.
Mike Holmgren, retired
Age: 67
NFL head-coaching record: 161-111 (Green Bay Packers, 1992-98; Seattle Seahawks, 1999-2008)
Possible fits: San Francisco 49ers
The buzz around Holmgren: The former Niners offensive coordinator has gotten word out that he'd be interested in coaching San Francisco, and the idea could tug on the emotions of the York family, which has fond memories of their days as a Bill Walsh assistant and could be looking for someone to reset the organizational path. The larger question is to what degree Holmgren would be willing to grind at their age like NFL coaches do.
Hue Jackson, offensive coordinator, Cincinnati Bengals
Age: 50
NFL head-coaching record: 8-8 (Oakland Raiders, 2011)
Possible fits: San Francisco 49ers, Miami Dolphins, Tennessee Titans
The buzz around Jackson: Jackson has waited their turn for a second shot after acquitting themselves pretty darn well in their one-year head-coaching debut in Oakland. The job he's done with Andy Dalton and AJ McCarron is the shiny object for all to fixate on, but the ex-Raider head man also spent time coaching on the defensive side during this four-year stint as a Bengal assistant. Their ties to the Bay Area would make them a natural in San Francisco, and Dolphins executive vice president Mike Tannenbaum actually served as Jackson's agent before being brought on full-time in Miami. The Titans merit mention, as well, because of their young quarterback and Jackson's experience developing guys at that position.
Brian Kelly, head coach, Notre Dame
Age: 54
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: New York Giants, Philadelphia Eagles, San Francisco 49ers
The buzz around Kelly: The Irish coach is said to have interest in the NFL, and the NFL has reciprocated, to some degree (Kelly interviewed in Philly in 2013). That said, two things could work against Kelly. One, he's a hard-nosed, domineering coach in the mold of Nick Saban, and so the bad feelings some in Miami had for Saban could hurt Kelly. Second, he's only coached in college, and after Chip Kelly's firing, bringing aboard a college coach without any NFL experience might be a tough sell. The flip side is that Kelly is a proven program builder, having done it at Grand Valley State, Central Michigan, Cincinnati and Notre Dame. At the very least, some in the Giants building have been intrigued, and they left a good impression with the folks in Philly three years ago. Notre Dame's bowl game is Friday.
Chip Kelly, unemployed
Age: 52
NFL head-coaching record: 26-21 (Philadelphia Eagles, 2013-15)
Possible fits: Tennessee Titans, Miami Dolphins, San Francisco 49ers
The buzz around Kelly: So ... This is a new one. Per sources, Kelly intimated to people on Tuesday night, after their firing in Philly, a desire to stay in the NFL. And there's reason to think they can succeed there. The bottom line, as those in the Eagles' building see it: The deconstruction of their running game over the last three years led to their demise. Having a quarterback who runs isn't required for Kelly's scheme, but it helps. And while you don't need superstar guards, having competent players at those spots would've helped, too, as would have better planning at tailback. (If Frank Gore signs, DeMarco Murray never lands there, and the dynamic is different.) The truth is, Kelly needs a run game like most teams need a quarterback. When that failed them in Philly, the rest of the operation suffered badly. So the idea that pairing them with the right personnel man who can help them build the team their way could work isn't crazy. And Tennessee is the obvious place for them to do it.
Doug Marrone, assistant head coach, Jacksonville Jaguars
Age: 51
NFL head-coaching record: 15-17 (Buffalo Bills, 2013-14)
Possible fits: New Orleans Saints, Detroit Lions, Cleveland Browns
The buzz around Marrone: It's not like the issues that Marrone had at the end in Buffalo have disappeared, but they bring six years of experience as a head coach (four at Syracuse, two at Buffalo) to the table and would be able to assemble a strong staff, given their ties to the Bill Parcells coaching tree. If Sean Payton decides they don't have the stomach for a rebuild and leaves the Saints, Marrone likely would be near the top of the list, given their history in New Orleans and strong relationship with general manager Mickey Loomis. Marrone also interviewed with the Browns and Eagles in 2013 before landing in Buffalo. And if Jags director of player personnel Chris Polian winds up being the GM in Detroit, which is possible, Marrone's ties to the Polian family could help him.
Josh McDaniels, offensive coordinator, New England Patriots
Age: 39
NFL head-coaching record: 11-17 (Denver Broncos, 2009-10)
Possible fits: New York Giants, Tennessee Titans, Cleveland Browns
The buzz around McDaniels: As he's already shown, McDaniels will be very selective about their next shot, because they know that -- after how things went down in Denver -- it could be their last one. Their work over the last two years speaks for itself, and they will again be considered at the very top of the market, as they were at the end of the last decade. Look for them to prioritize being alongside the right personnel man and the right owner. McDaniels certainly would hear good things about the Mara family from old Giants defensive coordinator Bill Belichick, while someone like Jon Robinson landing in Tennessee or Scott Pioli winding up in Cleveland could prompt them to finally jump at a second chance.
Sean McDermott, defensive coordinator, Carolina Panthers
Age: 41
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Philadelphia Eagles, New Orleans Saints, San Francisco 49ers
The buzz around McDermott: Still young at 41, McDermott was considered a rising star in the business at the end of the last decade -- so much so that the Eagles blocked them from going to Denver with Josh McDaniels, with plans to have them succeed Jim Johnson as DC. That did happen, and it didn't go particularly well. McDermott took over in 2009 after Johnson fell ill, and they were fired after two seasons. He's bounced back incredibly strong in the four years since, establishing not just a strong defense in Carolina but a group that seems poised to leave a legacy. And so now, he's likely to get their shot -- and may well be able to choose between multiple options. Interestingly enough, one could be Philly.
Jim Mora, head coach, UCLA
Age: 54
NFL head-coaching record: 31-33 (Atlanta Falcons, 2004-06; Seattle Seahawks, 2009)
Possible fits: San Diego Chargers, San Francisco 49ers, Miami Dolphins
The buzz around Mora: There are two sides to this. On one hand, there have been rumblings that Mora would like to get back into the NFL. On the other, they have an incredibly promising true first-year student quarterback (Josh Rosen) to build around in Westwood. Mora's run in Atlanta did include an appearance in the NFC title game, and they were only fired after they made eyes at their alma mater, Washington, late in the 2006 season. And it's hard to kill them for what happened with the Seahawks: They got one season with a roster in complete disrepair that Pete Carroll and John Schneider gutted the following year. The Charger job is one the rumor mill has connected them to, which makes sense geographically (if the team goes to L.A., L.A. already knows Mora), and also because GM Tom Telesco has ties to Mora's dad.
Nick Saban, head coach, Alabama
Age: 64
NFL head-coaching record: 15-17 (Miami Dolphins, 2005-06)
Possible fits: Indianapolis Colts, New York Giants
The buzz around Saban: The idea that Saban feels a bit smothered by the college football cauldron of Tuscaloosa (a two-loss season is a disaster, and just try going to the grocery store as the head coach) isn't new. And many NFL people have pointed to Saban's repeated references to winding up with Daunte Culpepper rather than Drew Brees in Miami in 2006 as proof positive that the four-time national champion hasn't completely let go of their pro failures. The Mara family has long been fond of Saban and wouldn't necessarily be scared away by their age. And the Colts could offer control and a potentially transcendent quarterback to pull them away from the college game.
Kyle Shanahan, offensive coordinator, Atlanta Falcons
Age: 36
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Indianapolis Colts, Tennessee Titans, Miami Dolphins
The buzz around Shanahan: Atlanta's late-season swoon isn't going to help Shanahan, but their work with the running game and setting up Julio Jones for a career year certainly will. Shanahan's work with a host of different types of quarterbacks, along with their adaptability (see: 2012 Redskins), make them very much a candidate for today's NFL. It'd be interesting to see Shanahan paired with Andrew Luck. But they might be more attractive to teams like the Titans and Dolphins, who have quarterbacks with unconventional backgrounds.
David Shaw, head coach, Stanford
Age: 43
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: San Francisco 49ers, New York Giants, Philadelphia Eagles
The buzz around Shaw: There's long been an assumption that Shaw, a Stanford alum, won't leave the Farm, because they have an NFL dad (Willie Shaw), understands that the grass isn't necessarily greener and appreciates all they have in Palo Alto. That said, he's attractive. Now in their fifth year as head coach, the program is entirely his, with all the Jim Harbaugh holdovers gone, and a decade as an NFL position coach and their pro-oriented systems make it easy to believe their operation is very translatable to the pros (as Harbaugh's was). The Niners job could be enticing for the same reason it drew Harbaugh a half-decade ago (he wouldn't have to move), and the idea of a gold-standard job like the Giants' one opening is enough to give almost any coach pause.
Mike Shula, offensive coordinator, Carolina Panthers
Age: 50
NFL head-coaching record: n/a
Possible fits: Tennessee Titans, Miami Dolphins, Philadelphia Eagles
The buzz around Shula: This wouldn't be Shula's first shot as a head coach: They preceded Saban at their alma mater, took the Alabama job under very adverse circumstances and helped set the stage for the success to come. They were fired from that job, so a deeper look into what went wrong in Tuscaloosa would be merited. But in the time since, he's clearly distinguished themselves with their work first as Cam Newton's position coach (2011-12) and then as their coordinator (2013-present), and they have 24 seasons as an NFL assistant on their résumé. Teams that have passers who came into the league a little raw (Marcus Mariota, Ryan Tannehill) have taken notice.
Follow Albert Breer on Twitter @AlbertBreer.
Forty-eight travelers who have returned to Minnesota from Ebola-stricken nations in West Africa are being monitored by state health officials for 21 days to make sure they don't have any signs of the deadly virus, the Minnesota Department of Health reported Wednesday.
All the travelers are considered low risk, according to the Health Department, meaning they might have been visiting relatives in Liberia, Guinea or Sierra Leone but never came in contact with an Ebola case. None was in the "some" or "high" risk categories of medical or relief workers who had potential contact with an infected patient's blood, saliva or other bodily fluids.
Voluntary monitoring involves twice-daily phone calls between state health officials and the travelers, who are checking their body temperatures and any changes in their physical health that could suggest an Ebola infection.
Similar systems were implemented by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in the six U.S. states with the most travelers from the affected nations.
Minnesota — with its large population of Liberian natives — receives the seventh most travelers and was next in line. Monitoring in the state started when Gov. Mark Dayton announced the program Oct. 27. The state will provide weekly updates on its monitoring activities.
Wednesday's report cited an additional 12 people who either returned recently and still are being contacted, or haven't been located yet because of inadequate or incorrect contact information.
Kris Ehresmann, infectious disease director for the state Health Department, said they don't believe the travelers intentionally provided bad information to avoid state monitoring.
Travelers who develop fever or fatigue would be subject to further restrictions — perhaps isolation in special Ebola treatment hospital units — in order to provide them medical care and to reduce the risk of spreading the virus.
Minnesota's approach was unveiled last week as an alternative to more restrictive and controversial isolation policies enacted in New York, New Jersey and other states.
Most travelers have appreciated the contact with public health officials, Ehresmann said.
"They're very receptive," they said, "and very grateful for the program."
<> on October 15, 2011 in New York City. "Occupy Atlanta" has been targeted by Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, who said the protests need to come to an end, citing the increased financial burden placed on the city. (credit: Getty Images)
ATLANTA (CBS Atlanta) – Atlanta's mayor is ready to put an end to the “Occupy” protests.
Amid rising costs to keep law enforcement present in and around Woodruff Park, Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed has urged an end to the “Occupy Atlanta” movement, a demonstration that began more than three weeks ago in response to “Occupy Wall Street.”
In a press conference Monday, Reed cited the additional $100,000 in beefed-up police presence for Saturday alone, as officers worked overtime in 12-hour shifts to ensure safety for the protesters — the same protesters they connected to a hip-hop concert in the park that same day. Reed called the behavior of some of the “Occupy Atlanta” the kind of actions that “puts them on a path to escalation,” they said.
“It drains important police resources from people who pay taxes in the city of Atlanta,” Reed said.
Some community leaders in support of “Occupy Atlanta,” however, are against the mayor's stance.
“I'm very disappointed about their position,” State Sen. Vincent Fort told CBS Atlanta. “I think it's unfortunate and wrong.”
Since Reed's press conference Monday, the number of people demonstrating at Woodruff Park has increased significantly, Fort said.
Several hundred protesters took part in the demonstration when Fort was there Monday night. Fort told CBS Atlanta that they were proud to support “Occupy Atlanta,” continuing to liken it to the civil rights demonstrations.
Shortly after Reed's stance against the future of “Occupy Atlanta,” the group released a statement, saying that it stands firmly in solidarity with “Occupy Wall Street” and the other protests worldwide.
“The corruption of our political system by modern-day robber barons is the real clear and present danger,” the group said in a statement. “People are literally dying in the streets while the Mayor's primary concern seems to be trying to end our attempt to shine a light on these problems.”
Though it isn't clear what the immediate future is for “Occupy Atlanta” in the wake of Reed saying the movement is draining taxpayer money, Fort believes the protests aren't likely to go away.
“If they want to be like Bull Connor, then so be it,” Fort said.
“Occupy Atlanta” officials are expected to hold a press conference this afternoon. Emails sent by CBS Atlanta to “Occupy Atlanta” officials were not immediately returned.
The mayor's office said it was going to release data related to Reed's stance, but no data has been released to this point.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Photo: WKRN
Jessica Jaglois - NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - Pet owners in east Nashville are on high alert after they say six animals on the same street were poisoned.
Michele Ashburn lives on Janie Avenue in Inglewood and says their orange tabby cat named Sam died Sunday from a mixture of rat poisoning and antifreeze.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Michele Ashburn (Photo: WKRN)
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Michele Ashburn (Photo: WKRN)
"My vet told me they had been poisoned," they told News 2. "And that someone had kicked them so hard it ripped their bladder."
According to Ashburn's vet, the amount of poison in Sam's body indicated it was intentionally given to him. Ashburn had to put their beloved pet to sleep.
"I just wish who's ever doing this would take the consideration what pain they're causing other people," said Ashburn.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Mai Perkins (Photo: WKRN)
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Mai Perkins (Photo: WKRN)
Ashburn is not alone. Them neighbor moved onto Janie Avenue in November and said not long after their Chow-mix started getting sick.
"For 12 years, we didn't have a problem," said Mai Perkins. "Then I move here and he's gone."
They say their dog Brownie started displaying the same symptoms as their neighbors' cats. They vomited, couldn't eat and couldn't walk.
Since they were in a fenced-in yard, they believe someone poisoned them purposefully.
"Whatever was given to them it had to be thrown to him," said Perkins.
Perkins also said before they died, their dog had been hit with something hard enough to break their nose. They plan to file a police report.
Jon Lester, the top free agent without a qualifying offer attached to their name, continues to be one of the most talked-about players on the market. He's been linked to the Cubs, Red Sox, Braves, Giants and Cardinals of late, and things only figure to pick up for Lester as next week's Winter Meetings approach.
We'll keep track of Monday's Lester rumors here in this post…
The Braves did not make Lester an offer after their recent meeting, tweets David O'Brien of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. The team did not believe it would be able to make a competitive offer given the strength of Lester's market, O'Brien explains. It would appear that Atlanta is not in the running to land the lefty at this point.
Earlier Updates
Jon Heyman of CBS Sports reports that the Cubs have offered Lester $138MM over six years, while the Red Sox have expressed a willingness to go up to $130MM following their initial offer in the $110-120MM range. Lester is meeting with the Giants today and is set to talk to two more clubs this week, per Heyman, who adds that it seems like a long shot that Lester will sign anywhere but Boston, Chicago (Cubs), Atlanta or San Francisco. Heyman adds that Lester would probably need to be willing to take a hometown discount to sign with the Braves (which is where they live in the offseason).
have offered Lester $138MM over six years, while they have expressed a willingness to go up to $130MM following their initial offer in the $110-120MM range. Lester is meeting with the today and is set to talk to two more clubs this week, per Heyman, who adds that it seems like a long shot that Lester will sign anywhere but Boston, Chicago (Cubs), Atlanta or San Francisco. Heyman adds that Lester would probably need to be willing to take a hometown discount to sign with the (which is where they live in the offseason). The Giants appear to be the last serious team to meet with Lester, tweets Bruce Levine of 670thescore.com. A $25MM AAV remains very possible for them at this point, Levine adds. Heyman also noted in their piece that Lester could top that milestone.
appear to be the last serious team to meet with Lester, tweets Bruce Levine of 670thescore.com. A $25MM AAV remains very possible for them at this point, Levine adds. Heyman also noted in their piece that Lester could top that milestone. The Giants are meeting with Lester today, reports ESPN.com's Buster Olney (on Twitter). San Francisco's final offer to Pablo Sandoval was said to be for at least $95MM over five years, so it stands to reason that the $95-100MM they were willing to spend on Sandoval could be in play for Lester. Of course, that figure is expected to be well shy of Lester's eventual contract, but the Giants undoubtedly have additional funds beyond the sum that was set aside for Sandoval, especially coming off another World Series victory.
are meeting with Lester today, reports ESPN.com's Buster Olney (on Twitter). San Francisco's final offer to was said to be for at least $95MM over five years, so it stands to reason that the $95-100MM they were willing to spend on Sandoval could be in play for Lester. Of course, that figure is expected to be well shy of Lester's eventual contract, but the Giants undoubtedly have additional funds beyond the sum that was set aside for Sandoval, especially coming off another World Series victory. WEEI.com's Rob Bradford reports that Lester's camp would like all of its visits to interested teams to be completed prior to the Winter Meetings (Twitter link).
Phenomena are preceded by the heart, ruled by the heart, made of the heart. If you speak or act with a corrupted heart, then suffering follows you — as the wheel of the cart, the track of the ox that pulls it. Phenomena are preceded by the heart, ruled by the heart, made of the heart. If you speak or act with a calm, bright heart, then happiness follows you, like a shadow that never leaves.
One who stays focused on the beautiful, is unrestrained with the senses, knowing no moderation in food, apathetic, unenergetic: Mara overcomes them as the wind, a weak tree. One who stays focused on the foul, is restrained with regard to the senses, knowing moderation in food, full of conviction & energy: Mara does not overcome them as the wind, a mountain of rock.
They who, depraved, devoid of truthfulness & self-control, puts on the ochre robe, doesn't deserve the ochre robe. But they who is free of depravity endowed with truthfulness & self-control, well-established in the precepts, truly deserves the ochre robe.
Those who regard non-essence as essence and see essence as non-, don't get to the essence, ranging about in wrong resolves. But those who know essence as essence, and non-essence as non-, get to the essence, ranging about in right resolves.
As rain seeps into an ill-thatched hut, so passion, the undeveloped mind. As rain doesn't seep into a well-thatched hut, so passion does not, the well-developed mind.
Here they grieves hereafter. In both worlds the wrong-doer grieves. They grieve, he's afflicted, seeing the corruption of their deeds. Here they rejoices hereafter. In both worlds the merit-maker rejoices. They rejoice, is jubilant, seeing the purity of their deeds. Here he's tormented he's tormented hereafter. In both worlds the wrong-doer's tormented. He's tormented at the thought, 'I've done wrong.' Having gone to a bad destination, he's tormented all the more. Here they delights hereafter. In both worlds the merit-maker delights. They delight at the thought, 'I've made merit.' Having gone to a good destination, they delight all the more.
Mozilla currently developing PDF.js, a native HTML5-based PDF Renderer for Firefox and plans to offer for their users in future, Web browsers capable of rendering images, text, drawing line which a PDF Reader needs, so Firefox is highly optimized for it.
Benefits with PDF.js/native HTML5 PDF Renderer
Traditional way of using native plugins for the browsers powered by external PDF Readers enlarges trusted code base, Google Chrome uses its sandbox for PDF Renderer to avoid code injection attacks Mozilla feels HTML5-based implementation protects from these problems.
Mozilla says “ We intend to use pdf.js to render PDFs “natively”, within Firefox itself. Our most immediate goal is to implement the most commonly used PDF features so we can render a large majority of the PDFs found on the web”.
Firefox PDF Reader extension powered by PDF.js coming!
Though Mozilla goal is to ship Firefox with PDF.js, currently they're planning to offer Firefox extension which enables users to view PDFs inline in browser. using PDF.js.
PDF.js it doesn't contain any code fo0r the attacker to exploit since it uses HTML5 Mozilla feels it will be more secure. PDF.js is currently not part of Mozilla project.
These images from the Imaging Ultraviolet Spectrograph instrument aboard NASA's MAVEN orbiter show the appearance of a bright aurora on Mars during a solar storm in September 2017. The purple-white colors show the intensity of ultraviolet light on Mars' night side before (left) and during (right) the event.
A strong solar storm recently sparked a global aurora on Mars that was more than 25 times brighter than any ever seen before on the Red Planet, researchers say.
NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) orbiter and Curiosity rover both observed effects from the event on Sept. 11, 2017. Curiosity's Radiation Assessment Detector (RAD) instrument measured radiation levels on the Martian surface that were more than double any previously recorded, agency officials said.
"This is exactly the type of event both missions were designed to study, and it's the biggest we've seen on the surface so far," RAD principal investigator Don Hassler, of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, said in a statement. "It will improve our understanding of how such solar events affect the Martian environment, from the top of the atmosphere all the way down to the surface." [The Sun's Wrath: The Worst Solar Storms in History]
RAD has been monitoring radiation levels on the Martian surface since Curiosity's August 2012 landing, in an effort to help researchers better prepare for future human missions to the Red Planet.
"If you were outdoors on a Mars walk and learned that an event like this was imminent, you would definitely want to take shelter, just as you would if you were on a spacewalk outside the International Space Station," Hassler said in the statement.
The storm was an eruption of solar plasma called a coronal mass ejection (CME). CMEs that hit Earth can trigger powerful geomagnetic storms, which ramp up the northern and southern lights and sometimes disrupt communications and power grids.
Animation showing the sudden appearance of a bright aurora on Mars during a recent solar storm. The purple-white colors show the intensity of ultraviolet light over the course of the event, from observations on Sept. 12 and Sept. 13, 2017, by the Imaging Ultraviolet Spectrograph instrument on NASA's MAVEN orbiter. (Image: © NASA/GSFC/Univ. of Colorado)
Earth's magnetic field funnels the particles that cause auroral displays toward the poles. But Mars doesn't have a global magnetic field, so the effects can be much more widespread, the researchers said.
"When a solar storm hits the Martian atmosphere, it can trigger auroras that light up the whole planet in ultraviolet light," Sonal Jain, a member of MAVEN's Imaging Ultraviolet Spectrograph instrument team, said in the statement. "The recent one lit up Mars like a light bulb."
CMEs also produce secondary particles when they interact with the Martian atmosphere, NASA officials said. These particles still need to be studied, to ensure that future human explorers will be adequately shielded, they added.
The observations by MAVEN and Curiosity should also shed light on Mars' history and evolution, the researchers said.
"We expect to get a better understanding of how the process operates in the upper atmosphere of Mars today, and a better understanding of how storms like this may have stripped away much of the Martian atmosphere in the past," MAVEN principal investigator Bruce Jakosky, of the University of Colorado Boulder, said in the same statement.
Follow Kasandra Brabaw on Twitter @KassieBrabaw. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
62-year-old Zero Freitas is buying every vinyl record they can find. The New York Times reports that the Brazilian business person's collection currently spans "several million albums" and that total is still growing. Just last year, more than a dozen 40-foot-long shipping containers delivered hundreds of thousands of new acquisitions to the warehouse where Freitas' hoard resides.
"I've gone to therapy for 40 years to try to explain this to myself."
"I've gone to therapy for 40 years to try to explain this to myself," they tell The New York Times. Freitas isn't alone in their pursuit. They have a team of scouts spreads across the world, all tasked to assist them in procuring more records. Thanks to them, they own almost everything that has been recorded in Cuba as well as Bob Hope's personal stash. Freitas also employs a team of college interns who are responsible for cataloging their ever-expanding trove. Their New York buyer Allan Bastos estimates it would take years to complete this feat. "Probably 20 years, I think."
In the future, Freitas hopes to make their vast archive available to the public. Dubbed "Emporium Musical," it will function similar to a library, except with an assortment of listening stations. As music archivist Bob George told Freitas, "What's the good of having it if you can't do something with it or share it?"
Even before the battle over this year's budget, many liberals were concerned that Mr. Obama's sponsorship of a fiscal commission that recommended changes to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid suggested a willingness on their part to go further than they would like in rethinking the social welfare system.
David Plouffe, a senior adviser to the president, dismissed the criticism and urged Democrats to “consume the details of this.”
“The easy thing to do is to go in your corner and throw political spitballs,” Mr. Plouffe said in an interview Saturday. “There are going to be plenty of times when you won't be able to reach common ground and you have to be in pugilistic mode, but you can't view any kind of agreement with the other side as weakness.”
The White House is hoping voters will view compromising and trying to reach consensus as signs of mature leadership in a partisan environment, not weakness — the attribute Republicans lawmakers and potential presidential candidates are most frequently trying to attach to Mr. Obama.
After Republicans found success casting Mr. Obama as a reflexive liberal intent on expanding the reach of government, the president has sought to reintroduce themselves as a pragmatic leader more attuned to the political center than to the ideologies of left or right. They have talked about this brand of politics for years, but now their challenge is to employ it.
In their handling of the closing stages of the budget negotiations, they portrayed themselves more as a mediator urging the two parties to do their jobs than as another Democrat at the table. As they did in December in agreeing to extend the Bush tax cuts in return for some economic stimulus measures, they proved willing to trade some of their party's priorities in order to secure others.
Polls regularly suggest that the independent and moderate voters — particularly women — who abandoned Democrats in 2010 prefer compromise to partisan feuding, and in that sense Mr. Obama has an opportunity to win back an important segment of the coalition that sent them to the White House.
Photo
“I would not have made these cuts in better circumstances,” Mr. Obama said Saturday in their weekly radio and Internet address. “But we also prevented this important debate from being overtaken by politics and unrelated disagreements on social issues.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The agreement the president reached with Speaker John A. Boehner and Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader, represented one of the most dramatic moments of their presidency and a sharp break from the historical parallel of the 1995 showdown between President Bill Clinton and Speaker Newt Gingrich. Unlike their predecessors, Mr. Obama and Mr. Boehner decided that the peril of allowing a government shutdown — and all its accompanying political and economic fallout — was too great not to agree on middle ground.
The announcement carried all the cornerstones of a campaign theme: Mr. Obama brings people together and rises above politics at a moment when Americans face all manner of challenges. Yet the elements of the deal also underscore the tensions alive in the Obama coalition.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The president's advisers argued that the broad coalition of supporters who gave Mr. Obama 53 percent of the popular vote and 365 electoral votes in 2008 never completely matched up with the traditional Democratic base. Heading into their re-election campaign and big legislative battles centering on the 2012 budget and the need to raise the federal debt ceiling, they are now well positioned to appeal to the political center even as their allies make the case that the current Republican Party is so extreme that liberals will ultimately get behind them as the best alternative.
Mr. Obama not only helped avoid the first government shutdown in 15 years, but also pressured Republicans to remove provisions intended to restrict financing for Planned Parenthood and to limit environmental regulations. In doing so, they assumed the role of a level-headed referee, rising above the squabbling to take ownership of a solution rather than a problem.
“He's the undisputed grownup in the group,” said Jim Jordan, a Democratic strategist who has managed Senate and presidential campaigns across the country. “Presidents almost always compare well against Congress.”
The president is not, however, the only figure who survived a test from within their own party last week and emerged stronger.
Mr. Boehner, who faced an even bigger challenge than Mr. Obama, held their fractious Republican contingent together as an intense feud raged among social conservatives, the Tea Party movement and other elements of the party. But a fresh air of discipline coursed through the Republican conference, with few members speaking out against their speaker.
The budget showdown, which inched perilously close to an actual shutdown, drew attention to the ways the president's leadership style had evolved from the early days when they often seemed deeply involved in legislative negotiations, focusing as much on details as on building a broad narrative case for their presidency. In this case, they increased their direct involvement in the negotiations in the final days, but for months let their advisers handle the details.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When an agreement was finally reached late Friday evening, Mr. Obama did not immediately rush to the cameras that had been waiting for hours. They did not proceed until Mr. Boehner had consulted Republican members, fearful that trumpeting the fragile deal from the White House could threaten it.
While Mr. Reid, Mr. Boehner and their allies traded incendiary charges throughout the final stages of the impasse — with each side racing to frame the debate — the president kept a distance. They prodded both sides in late-night appearances in the White House briefing room, never passing on the chance to seize the bully pulpit, but they did not publicly engage in the back-and-forth sniping that characterized the final days of the Congressional negotiations.
Their message throughout the process was focused on the need to get results — an approach that seems to have induced some concern among Republicans that Mr. Obama has regained their political footing.
Karl Rove, the political strategist to President George W. Bush, reminded Republicans in their weekly newsletter of how Mr. Clinton benefited politically from the government shutdown on their watch, particularly from voters who perceived Mr. Clinton as a strong leader. They suggested that the same could happen to Mr. Obama.
“Republicans should be careful,” Mr. Rove said, “to not let them recover as they gear up for their 2012 re-election campaign.”
Not that you didn't know this, of course, but it's nice to have some figures to throwback at politicians and "journalists" the next time they start explaining to us how very, very urgent it is to cut Medicare:
Upgrading the nation's Medicare program and expanding it to cover people of all ages would yield more than a half-trillion dollars in efficiency savings in its first year of operation, enough to pay for high-quality, comprehensive health benefits for all residents of the United States at a lower cost to most individuals, families and businesses.
That's the chief finding of a new fiscal study by Gerald Friedman, a professor of economics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. There would even be money left over to help pay down the national debt, they said.Friedman says their analysis shows that a nonprofit single-payer system based on the principles of the Expanded and Improved Medicare for All Act, H.R. 676, introduced by Rep. John Conyers Jr., D-Mich., and co-sponsored by 45 other lawmakers, would save an estimated $592 billion in 2014. That would be more than enough to cover all 44 million people the government estimates will be uninsured in that year and to upgrade benefits for everyone else.
“No other plan can achieve this magnitude of savings on health care,” Friedman said.
Their findings were released Wednesday at a congressional briefing in the Cannon House Office Building hosted by Public Citizen and Physicians for a National Health Program, followed by a news conference with Rep. Conyers and others in observance of Medicare's 48th anniversary. A copy of Friedman's full report, with tables and charts, is availablehere.
Friedman said the savings would come from slashing the administrative waste associated with today's private health insurance industry ($476 billion) and using the new, public system's bargaining muscle to negotiate pharmaceutical drug prices down to European levels ($116 billion).
“These savings would be more than enough to fund $343 billion in improvements to our health system, including the achievement of truly universal coverage, improved benefits, and the elimination of premiums, co-payments and deductibles, which are major barriers to people seeking care,” they said.
Social justice ninny muggins are fond of abusing their small “trans” offspring (see Letting Children Transition is Child Abuse Says American College of Pediatricians and CHILD ABUSE: Some Parents Now Sending Their Toddlers to ‘Transgender Camp'. Probably to mimic the childhood which produced such green haired depravity in the first place. But green hair is beautiful. Regardless of bodily location, of course.
Thanks to the internet and social justice culture, child abuse has never been easier. There is now a website where trans kids can get pointy appendages and penis suppressing undies. The Sweet Meteor of Death really screwed us.
H/T to Red State for making us painfully aware:
That hand is probably holding those tiny testicles to demonstrate pedophilia size. Dimunitive dicks for developing children, made delusional by their woke parents.
Again, thanks a lot, Sweet Meteor of Death.
If you were wondering about the transgirls (boys who wanna be girls), the website has them covered. We present the tally-whacker smasher. For parents who want to ensure their child will never receive fruit from their own loins:
Joking aside (for now), young children want to be dinosaurs when they grow up. Dinosaurs who never move away from mommy or daddy. The mere thought of one day living alone, separate from mom, is a nightmare for children. A nightmare which turns into a dream some 13 years later. So to heed the whims of babes is as foolhardy as buying a house large enough for your toddler to live in when he's thirty. So why, pray tell, would you acquiesce to a child's temporary desire to be the opposite sex? Or worse, why inflict your child with your desire they or they be something other than a or she?
Well at least these “transkids” can properly accessorize. I wish I had dinosaur appendages when I was but five-years-old…
~Co-written by Nichole Cooper and Courtney Kirchoff
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
See the new and improved V2: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:2591848
COMMENTS WELCOME
This is a printer I've been designing, which I've borrowed a couple things from the Hyper Cube Evolution. This will probably take a long time to gather the parts together, due to price, but I have some parts already. Things that are missing is a part cooler and which board to use.
More info:
Design Goals:
Minimum maxium speed of 100 mm/s (150 mm/s would be great, 300 would be awesome) with decent precission and accuracy.
350x350x500 build volume.
Extra space to make sure the carriage completly clears the bed.
100 Micron resolution
Features:
Core XY kinematics.
3030 based frames.
6mm thick aluminum bed
24V 350x350 mm silicone heater (300-325W)
120V 350x350 mm silicone heater
Polyurethane Steel Core 2GT belts.
Easier A&B belt tensioning (stolen from the Hyper Cube Evolution project).
Hiwin linear rails, becuase round rods and the bearings are not that great.
Proper bearings, meaning that toothed bearing should be used when the tooth side is against a bearing.
Boden setup, less weight on the XY = more speed.
Real E3D hotend, fewer issues with filament jamming.
Olsson Ruby nozzle, print a wider range of filaments with out having to replace.
32-bit controller, faster processing with better precision.
Designed for higher amperage 12V setup, but use a 24V supply. Let keeps the fires out of this.
Solid state relay for hotbed. Just because we can and, well, fewer fires.
Better wiring:
GX12-6 Connectors.
HE0-HE1
1 Thermistor +
2 Thermistors -
3 GND
4 Heater +
5 Heater -
6 GND
FANS (12V)
1 HTB+
2 HTB-
3 NC
4 NC
5 PRT+
6 PRT-
E0-E1
1 BLK
2 YEL --- Not used?
3 GRN
4 RED
5 WHT --- Not used?
6 BLU
Probe
1 5V
2 12V
3 GND
4 Signal
5 GND
6 Z Min
GP0/X Endstop - GP1/Y endstop
1 5V
2 12V
3 GND
4 End Stop
5 GPO
6 GPI
BOM:
Advertisement
When profits are tight, franchisees look for different ways to flout the system.
When they were working as a delivery driver and cook, Rob Goodwin remembers being told by a franchiser to scrimp on core ingredients like flour.
“You can only make 42 bases out of a bag of flour but we were making upwards of 50 - they were getting around 10 more pizzas out of each bag then they were supposed to,” they say.
Former Queensland franchisee Rohit Malhotra said they were aware of some franchisees using raw ingredients that fell off unbaked pizzas.
“They put it into a container and put it back into the cold room to reuse them. That's how much you have to cut corners,” they said.
Malhotra lost four stores following an audit that found underpayment of wages. They had to repay more than $200,000 in unpaid wages and superannuation and admitted to not always paying staff by the book. They say it was standard practice across many stores.
Goodwin claims there are many franchisees “doing dodgy stuff”.
“It is not just one-off people, they can't make money without it,” they say.
Like most of the cases of underpayment of wages uncovered during spot checks or audits, it was handled by Domino's with the regulator none the wiser. If it isn't a complaint, they don't have to tell the regulator.
Devanshi Panchal says running a Domino's store threatened their health, relationships and financial wellbeing. In 2013, after three years managing stores in and around Sydney, they decided to buy their own store in Bathurst on the NSW central tablelands.
They worked at the store six days a week, clocking off at 3am some nights.
In early 2016, Domino's conducted a payroll audit which found they had underpaid staff by more than $80,000. They found discrepancies in the audit and says they negotiated it down. They dispute underpaying staff, but says the stress of dealing with Domino's and the meagre profits wasn't worth it.
“A lot of people I've known have had mental breakdowns because there is so much you have to do, and so many restraints … I was seeing doctors. I had anxiety and cardio problems caused by all the stress,” they say. Panchal sold their store just before Christmas.
“If you haven't run a Domino's you don't understand it.”
They were no novice. Before they became a franchisee they worked at a Domino's store at Kings Langley in NSW for three years. In March 2016 they wrote to Domino's saying they had been ripped off, working up to 30 hours a week for a flat rate of $12 an hour.
They themselves eventually received $25,000 in back pay. The franchisee is still working in the system. “A broader investigation did not identify any ongoing breaches of employment obligations,” Domino's said in a statement.
Pamir Dehsabzi runs 10 stores on the outskirts of Sydney. They also represent Domino's franchisees on the powerful Franchisee Advisory Committee and has even been put forward to Fairfax Media by Meij as a satisfied franchisee (Meij forwarded an unsolicited email Pamir had written that outlined their passion for Domino's and how the company had achieved what franchisees could never have dreamed about.)
Dehsabzi told Fairfax Media they have fostered a “loving” relationship with their staff.
“I am not a dictator, I just want my staff to be happy. I want them, when they come, they are not scared of me … they are very hardworking, I love them and they love me. Happy staff work better than unhappy staff,” they said.
But not all their staff agree. Azrael Yin, their former store manager, remembers long hours in suffocating heat, with no air conditioning.
“I was so stressed all the time,” they say. “I was working 60 hours a week without a break and sometimes I was the only person in the shop, to save on labour costs. I would have to make the pizza, run to customers if they came into the shop, take phone orders, deal with complaints, go out the back and make the pizza, pack the pizza, train staff, order stock and do the payroll.
“I had to bring in a fan because it was so hot working close to a 200-degree oven … North Ryde was the same, bad air conditioner and wages.”
Yin says their job involved systematically underpaying employees to meet Dehsabzi's 27 per cent labour-cost ceiling. Every week Yin would send Dehsabzi payroll reports which listed employees working less than their actual hours.
Dehsabzi vigorously denies allegations that they underpaid workers. The Fair Work Ombudsman says it has a record that 12 workers were underpaid by one of their businesses.
They admitted the payroll figures didn't always match the hours recorded on internal “sales reports”, but blamed their employees for the discrepancies, claiming they often clocked in early or clocked out late.
“People are not signing out on time or they are going out on a delivery and not coming back … I've seen it with my own eyes, people coming in late. Even the store manager, I have caught them many times,” they said.
“A lot of the time people are coming to work not [to work] but they are coming for fun - they are having lunch or come to see their friend.”
Yin said they worked between 50 hours and 60 hours a week but that their pay slips often showed they worked 35 hours as anything above 38 hours would attract penalties.
But they also credited them with payments for deliveries they never made. This had the effect of denying them overtime payments for extra hours they worked. In one week they were credited with making 140 deliveries as well as working 35 hours as store manager. Some weeks the entire delivery of pizzas at the store was 250.
Dehsabzi says store managers can work 50 hours but they never asks them to work more than 38 hours a week. They said sometimes store managers deliver pizzas and this accounted for the pay-slip differences. They say they always paid overtime correctly.
Yin reported Dehsabzi to head office shortly after they quit their job in April 2016. The long hours, poor pay and heat exhaustion finally got to him.
They never heard back from Domino's and never received back pay.
Domino's says “the complainant, who advised they were a current employee, was adamant they did not want to be identified in relation to their complaint.”
It says an investigation identified a “limited number of discrepancies with our management policies, which were rectified.”
Meanwhile, on January 19, 2017 another worker in another store wrote to Dehsabzi asking them to “please pay them [staff] on time and correctly”. They said “last week our labour is 27 per cent but you deduct lots of our staff salary ... today is my day off ... But after I know you hold our pay, I have to come back to the store and spend more than an hour to write this email.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 27, 2017, 4:27 PM GMT / Updated July 27, 2017, 4:27 PM GMT By Daniel Arkin
A handful of American presidents have shown a real knack for fine art. Dwight D. Eisenhower painted bucolic landscapes and humble homes. Jimmy Carter illustrated the signing of the Camp David Accords. In recent years, George W. Bush has drawn attention — and some acclaim — for their portraits of veterans.
President Donald Trump, for their part, once did a drawing of the New York City skyline.
The 11.5-by-9-inch piece, originally sketched by the president for a 2005 charity event, is now up for auction. Los Angeles-based Nate D. Sanders Auctions set the starting bid at $9,000.
A 2005 drawing of New York City's skyline by Donald Trump is up for auction in New York. Nate D. Sanders Auctions
The drawing, completed a year after the premiere of Trump's reality show "The Apprentice," appears to show Trump Tower flanked by skyscrapers, hugged by what could be a flowing river or a wavy thoroughfare. The signed sketch has a "light smudge and abrasion to [its] right side," the auction house says in its lot description, but it is generally in "near fine condition."
But what do art experts make of Trump's work?
"This line drawing is lacking in telling specificity, and as a result, is cursory to a fault," Stephen Alcorn, an arts professor at Virginia Commonwealth University, said in an email.
"Everything has been reduced to a series of unduly reductive marks that say nothing about the inherently rich and varied subject President Trump has elected to draw — to the point of making the NYC skyline virtually unrecognizable."
Final verdict? Alcorn called the sketch a "banal scribble."
Peter Schjeldahl, the longtime art critic at The New Yorker, said in a phone conversation that the sketch seemed to defy easy categorization — but they would not dismiss it out of turn.
"It's neither good nor bad. It's curious. I don't get any pleasure from it. But it is intriguing," Schjeldahl said.
Schjeldahl said they were struck by the building in the center of the frame, a likely stand-in for Trump Tower.
"There's this one right in the middle, with a top or roof that almost looks like hair — which I guess makes it a self-portrait," they said.
"That building is the only interesting presence. It's the only one given any detail."
As for the squiggly lines under the buildings, Schjeldahl had a working theory.
"I guess that's a river?" they asked rhetorically.
"The river or road could be an equal sign — as if the skyline equals Donald Trump."
The auction is due to close at 8 p.m. ET. As of the initial publication of this article, the highest bid was $11,979.
On Thursday, former F.B.I. director James Comey testified to the Senate Intelligence Committee that Donald Trump said they hoped Comey could drop the investigation of Michael Flynn. Trump themselves has offered to testify against these accusations, calling Comey a liar and a “leaker.” At issue here is whether there is enough evidence to mount an obstruction of justice case against the president. From where former U.S. attorney Preet Bharara sits: the answer is “absolutely.”
During an appearance on This Week with George Stephanopoulos, Bharara said they believe “there is absolutely evidence to begin a case.”
“I think it's very important for all sorts of armchair speculators in the law to be clear that no one knows right now whether there is a provable case for obstruction,” Bharara said. “It's also true, I think, from based on what I see as a third party and out of government that there's no basis to say there's no obstruction.”
“This point on whether or not the president has legal authority to fire or direct an investigation, I don't really get it, it's a little silly to me,” they continued. “The fact that you have authority to remove someone from office doesn't automatically immunize that act from criminal responsibility.” Bharara cited a hypothetical example, wherein Mike Flynn offered Trump $1 million to fire Comey. If Trump took the money and fired Comey, that would be a “open and shut federal corruption case,” Bharara said, regardless of whether Trump is authorized to fire the F.B.I. director in the general sense.
As far as certain “armchair speculators” go, it's likely Bharara is referring to people like Harvard Law professor Alan Dershowitz, who has argued that there is “no plausible case” to be found here. The two have gone head-to-head on this issue before:
Bharara, a former counselor to Senator Chuck Schumer, was appointed by President Barack Obama. They met with Trump during the transition period, and says Trump asked them to stay on during that Trump Tower meeting. Bharara was then summarily fired alongside 45 other holdover U.S. attorneys, a dramatic incident that further upped their public profile among Trump critics and legal observers alike.
__Correction (1:01 P.M.): An earlier version of this article stated that Comey testified on Friday to the Supreme Court, when in actuality they testified on Thursday to the Senate.
As you know, we are just now diving fully into the Samsung Galaxy Note 7, so that means we are discovering all of the new tweaks to software that Samsung has issued this time around in real-time. As we discover them we will share them, assuming they are a big enough deal, like new improvements to Always-on Display, a feature first introduced with the Galaxy S7 that didn't quite live up to the hype.
On the Galaxy Note 7, Samsung has improved Always-on Display by adding something that should have been a part of the experience from day 1 – notifications from all apps. You may recall that with the S7, we called Samsung's Always-on Display a “decent first attempt,” but found the lack of notifications to be a major downer, leaving the idea of an always-on display…lacking.
Within minutes of setting up my Note 7 and turning on Always-on Display, I noticed this new change right away. In the past, Samsung would only show you missed notifications from the stock phone and messaging apps. On the Note 7, you get everything. As of right now, I have notifications showing for Samsung Pay, Hangouts and Inbox. At one point, I also had a screenshot notification, a bunch of Samsung's Galaxy Apps store, and a + symbol that told me there were even more to see.
Sure, you can't interact with any of these notifications like you can with Motorola's Moto Display or Google's Ambient Display, but it's a hell of a lot better than what you get on the S7. Now, instead of just being a clock and battery meter, you can actually look at your phone and see if it needs you to take care of business.
NOTE: Yeah, we know that dozens of Note 7 reviews are out and you might know a bunch of the stuff we are about to post. Honestly, I don't care. If you know this stuff already, cool! We're still going to cover this like we do all phones and that means sharing the interesting bits of info we find as we find them.
How can a trustee who reportedly called a black mother the N-word still have the moral authority to advocate for quality education and properly communicate with the public?
Nancy Elgie, a trustee with the York Region District School Board (YRDSB), used the racial slur toward Charline Grant, a black mother with a son in the YRDSB, during a public meeting back in November. Elgie has recently apologized, a gesture for which the mother of three says they are thankful, but Grant maintains that an apology does nothing to address the issue of systemic racism in schools.
Grant accepted Elgie's apology, but they are still concerned about racism and discrimination in schools. (CBC)
Now Elgie is back in headlines after failing to attend a board meeting in which dozens of parents presented a petition calling for their resignation. Instead, the trustee sent in a letter calling what they did "plainly unacceptable."
To some, Elgie's ownership of what they did should exonerate them of further scorn. They are, according to the portraits painted of them in various media, an 82-year-old widow. The incident, as several papers noted, was preceded by a head injury sustained only a few months earlier. And they do not, according to their son, "have a single racist bone in their body."
Using euphemisms
All of these details serve to humanize Elgie. But they say nothing of the dehumanization inherent in Elgie's words. Indeed, I wish I could repeat Elgie's slur as they said it, placing them squarely at the centre of this paragraph, and thus, squarely at the centre of our minds. We all know what the "N-word" stands for, but the euphemism doesn't carry the vulgarity, the power and pain of the actual word. Perhaps if we saw it, or heard it, we would be far less willing to overlook such a shameful act — an act so unbefitting to any citizen, let alone a public official.
Elgie used the power and visibility afforded to them by the YRDSB to publicly demean a community member and mother. They say they will undergo equity training, but there is no amount of training that could bridge the chasm between a mother fighting racism in education and a board trustee spewing anti-black racism into the world. And even if Elgie is magically "reformed" through training, they have lost all credibility as someone who is supposed to promote student achievement and well-being.
Several school boards across the Greater Toronto Area have begun to acknowledge the problems with systemic racism in their schools. The YRDSB is one such board. Yet without concrete actions geared toward making change, these incidents will continue to occur. The Ontario government has now called for an "urgent review" of the YRDSB in the wake of this incident and other allegations of racism within the system. But in the interim, Elgie is still on the board, and their ongoing presence sends the message that calling a mother the N-word is somehow acceptable.
The YRDSB must come to terms with the fact that its handling of this matter speaks volumes about how seriously (or not) it takes the issue of racism and discrimination in schools. Elgie's actions violate the YRDSB's anti-discrimination policy — a fact that has yet to be acknowledged by the board's director.
Elgie is no longer fit to serve as a trustee, and the more-than 2500 who signed a petition calling for their resignation agree. Elgie may not have "a single racist bone in their body" but they did have a single racist word in their mouth. They released it, clumsily invoking histories of violence, trauma, and hatred, and abusing their authority as an elected official. They must be held accountable.
This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ.
Huffington Post is going to cover Trump as entertainment, not politics
The Huffington Post
The Huffington Post won't give Donald Trump's campaign for president coverage in its political section, Washington Bureau Chief Ryan Grim and Editorial Director Danny Shea wrote in a brief on Friday.
Instead, we will cover their campaign as part of our Entertainment section. Our reason is simple: Trump's campaign is a sideshow. We won't take the bait.
Earlier this month, Huffington Post's Michael Calderone wrote “The Media Just Can't Stop Obsessing Over Donald Trump.” Calderone, a senior media reporter, wrote about the pattern that has emerged as the press covers Trump, which is basically a. outrageous claim by Trump, b. coverage of outrageous claim by media, c. asking other politicos about outrageous claim, then d. covering politicos reactions.
It's not that Trump's comments are a non-story. From a business perspective, there's been significant fallout as companies such as Univision, NBC, Macy's and Serta have severed ties with Trump. One can also argue that they should be taken seriously given their high national poll numbers, even if they are presumably the result of better name recognition than their competitors. And clearly, immigration is an important issue to tackle this election cycle. But the weeks-long media discussion has focused more on rehashing Trump's comments, and covering new responses to them, than on the intricacies of immigration policy.
Also in July, Politico's media reporter Dylan Byers wrote “Donald Trump, clickbait.” Byers wrote about the dilemma journalists face while covering Trump and why many outlets are covering them as a viable candidate.
“In my view, making decisions solely according to who may win the nomination is the worst way to cover a presidential election,” said Steven Ginsberg, senior politics editor at The Washington Post, which has been covering Trump aggressively for several months. “A whole lot happens on the way to the nomination and you can't explain what's happening with the candidates or the country without being on top of all of it.” That is the view Trump's office holds as well: “Mr. Trump is deserving of all the coverage that they are receiving,” Trump spokesperson Michael Cohen said. “Those that question their qualifications are probably unqualified to be journalists themselves. The fact is, Mr. Trump has built a $10 billion-plus empire, employs thousands of people, has worked with many leaders around the globe successfully and is considered one of the best negotiators in history. These are all qualifications essential to being a great president.”
Trump is still leading GOP polls.
Follow @kristenhare
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Print
REYNOSA, Tamaulipas — Once again, one of the top leaders within Mexico's Gulf Cartel has managed to escape capture mere yards from the Texas border.
Through intelligence operations, Mexican Marines had located Julian “Comandante Toro” Loisa Salinas at a small open air shopping plaza in the city's downtown area near Zaragoza Street. The shopping center was less than 150 meters from the Reynosa City Hall and less than 300 yards from the Texas border.
The Mexican Marines requested air support and additional troops to ensure that the man they had spotted was Comandante Toro. Cartel lookouts noticed the activity by military personnel and sounded the alarm, setting off an escape operation by Gulf Cartel forces.
A military helicopter chased and shot at a black Nissan Pathfinder that tried to flee the area at a high rate of speed. The shots from the helicopter disabled the truck forcing the men inside to run out into the nearby shops and buildings in an effort to blend in with the crowd. The gunmen running into the market caused panic among the local shoppers.
Cartel lookouts received orders to hide and blend among the shoppers while military personnel set up a perimeter around the downtown area and began a search for the gunman they believed to be Toro. Meanwhile, the real Toro managed to sneak out to safety.
Breitbart Texas has spoken with law enforcement officials who revealed that some military deserters make up part of Toro's personal security detail. The former personnel are familiar with military tactics, apparently helping Toro avoid capture.
In an effort to confuse military forces, cartel members began to stack tires that were then set on fire. Cartel trucks drove around the city distributing tires while gunmen stole various vehicles from unsuspecting motorists. The vehicles were used to park along main roads and set on fire to create additional roadblocks.
In the afternoon, citizen journalists began to speak about the capture and eventual release of a cartel commander named “Beto” or “Betito” who has been described as Toro's relative. The information of their capture has not been confirmed or disproven by authorities.
Editor's Note: Breitbart Texas traveled to the Mexican States of Tamaulipas, Coahuila and Nuevo León to recruit citizen journalists willing to risk their lives and expose the cartels silencing their communities. The writers would face certain death at the hands of the various cartels that operate in those areas including the Gulf Cartel and Los Zetas if a pseudonym were not used. Breitbart Texas' Cartel Chronicles are published in both English and in their original Spanish. This article was written by “A.C. Del Angel” from Reynosa.
DUBAI (Reuters) - Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Saturday called on all Iranians, even those who oppose the Islamic Republic, to participate in next month's elections to parliament and to the assembly that will choose their successor.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks in Tehran in this June 12, 2009 file photo. REUTERS/Caren Firouz
Iranians will go to the polls on Feb. 26 for the first time since last year's historic nuclear deal with world powers, which was also major victory for President Hassan Rouhani, a centrist, over Iran's hardliners.
Rouhani is hoping their supporters will take control of the 290-seat parliament and end years of dominance by conservative factions.
A supportive legislature could give Rouhani a stronger mandate to push through domestic reforms to increase social and political liberties — an area where their efforts have so far been checked by the judiciary and security forces.
The poll for the Assembly of Experts, which will coincide with parliamentary elections for the first time, could also be pivotal as it will choose the next Supreme Leader if the 76-year-old Khamenei dies during its eight-year term.
“Everyone should participate in the elections; even those who do not accept the ruling system should participate for the sake of the country's standing,” Khamenei was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA and other agencies.
The supreme leader, whose role is to oversee Iran's multi polar political system, previously called for wide participation before the last presidential election in 2013, in which Rouhani trounced a fractious field of conservatives by unifying moderate voters and winning over reformists.
Nevertheless, four years earlier Khamenei presided over a crackdown on reformist demonstrators who had taken to the streets to protest what they described as the fraudulent re-election of hardline president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
A record 12,000 candidates have nominated themselves for parliament but the Guardian Council, an unelected judicial body that vets candidates on technical and ideological grounds, is likely to disqualify several thousand of them before voters go to the polls.
Candidates for the Assembly of Experts include prominent centrists such as Rouhani; former presidents Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and Mohammad Khatami; and Hassan Khomeini, the grandson of the Islamic Republic's founder Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini.
The younger Khomeini, 43, is seen as close to the reformist camp and is the first member of their family to test their popularity at the polls. Hardliners have campaigned against their candidacy, but Khamenei has given them a cautious blessing to proceed.
Just two days after S&P downgraded Hartford to junk, Moody's has piled on, pushing the Connecticut State capital below investment-grade due to "the increased likelihood that the city will pursue debt restructurings to address its fiscal challenges."
One week ago, Illinois passed its three year-overdue budget in hopes of avoiding a downgrade to junk status, however in an unexpected twist, Moody's said that it may still downgrade the near-insolvent state, regardless of the so-called budget "deal." In fact, a downgrade of Illinois may come at any moment, making it the first U.S. state whose bond ratings tip into junk, although as of yesterday, credit rating agencies said they were still reviewing the state's newly enacted budget and tax package. The most likely outcome is, unfortunately for Illinois, adverse: "I think Moody's has been pretty clear that they view the state's political dysfunction combined with continued unaddressed long-term liabilities, and unfavorable baseline revenue performance as casting some degree of skepticism on the state's ability to manage out of the very fragile financial situation they are in," said John Humphrey, co-head of credit research at Gurtin Municipal Bond Management.
And yet, while Illinois squirms in the agony of the unknown, another municipality that as recently as a month ago was rumored to be looking at a bankruptcy filing, the state capital of Connecticut, Hartford, no longer has to dread the unknown: following S&P's downgrade to junk on Tuesday, Moody's just shifted Hartford's GOs to B2 from Ba2, with a negative outlook.
Excerpted Moody's note:
Moody's Investors Service has downgraded the City of Hartford, CT's general obligation debt rating to B2 from Ba2. The outlook is negative. The rating was placed under review for possible downgrade on May 30, 2017. The par amount of debt affected totals approximately $550 million. The downgrade reflects the increased likelihood that the city will pursue debt restructurings to address its fiscal challenges. Last week, the city hired a law firm to advise it on debt restructurings. City management has made public statements indicating they will need to have discussions with bondholders about restructuring its debt regardless of the outcome of the state's biennial budget as debt service costs escalate sharply leading to budget deficits over the next five years. The rating also reflects the city's challenging liquidity outlook in the current fiscal year and weak prospects for achievement of sustainably balanced financial operations. The city currently projects a fiscal 2018 deficit of $50 million and is seeking incremental funding from the state to close that gap. The state has not yet adopted a budget specifying aid for the city for the fiscal year beginning July 1. Even if the state's biennial budget allocates sufficient funds to address the current and following years deficits and create a fiscal oversight structure, the budget is still unlikely to provide a pathway to structural balance over the longer term. City deficits, partially attributable to escalating debt service costs, are projected to grow to $83 million by 2023, making the city's weak financial position vulnerable to further deterioration. Rating Outlook The negative outlook reflects the possibility that the city will restructure its debt in a way that will impair bondholders. The outlook also incorporates uncertainty over state funding in the current fiscal year and beyond and the associated impact on reserves, liquidity and the ability to achieve sustainably balanced operations.
In short: the capital of America's richest state (on a per capita basis), will - according to both S&P and Moody's - be one of the first to default in the coming months.
When reading TPMmuckraker's coverage of American Police Force, the shadowy private security firm that's taken over a prison in Montana, you might wonder what other services APF offers. Surely, you think, they do more than run empty jails for mysterious reasons?
Indeed they do. According to its web site, the company offers a wide range of services, including “Check Your Mate” cheating spouses investigations, “fugitive recovery” for fugitives hiding in one of those pesky non-extradition countries and help if a loved one is kidnapped and held for ransom.
Or is it the other way around?
Our highly trained staff will discover information that fits your needs to get the answers you need. Some of our services include Kidknapping & Ransoms for ransom, INTL Air Marshalls, Security for convoys in Iraq, Pakistan + More!
Although the firm provides SWAT training and convoy security in war zones and has “interdicted weapons of mass destruction,” it also takes your marriage seriously.
Infidelity, Adultery, Cheating, and being unfaithful might all have a different definition in your mind but at APF its a category all by its lonesome. Married husbands and wives will typically call untrustworthy loved ones adultery or infidelity. In the non-marital relationships its commonly known as cheating and we can help you figure out what's really going on.
One way to help is something called “covert pregnancy testing.”
On a “weapons” page — which has been pulled since yesterday — APF listed all of the equipment it offers for sale, including machine guns, satellite phones, armored cars … and “nuclear/biological/chemical (WMD).”
If it wasn't comical bordering on ridiculous, one might be worried that the head of this company has an extensive criminal record.
Murder of Jasmine Fiore Ryan Alexander Jenkins and Jasmine Fiore Location Body was found in Buena Park, California Date August 15, 2009 ( ) Attack type Strangulation Deaths Jasmine Fiore, Ryan Jenkins Suspected perpetrator Ryan Jenkins
The murder of Jasmine Fiore occurred on August 15, 2009. Fiore was a model from Santa Cruz, California, United States. Them body was discovered on August 15, 2009, strangled and stuffed into a suitcase. Them remains had been mutilated to prevent recognition; they were eventually identified by the serial numbers of their breast implants. Fiore was 28 years old at the time of their death.
Them husband, a former reality TV contestant, Ryan Alexander Jenkins, was the only suspect and was formally charged with the murder.[1] On August 23, 2009, Jenkins was found dead in a hotel room in Hope, British Columbia, Canada. They were 32 years old.
Fiore's background [ edit ]
Fiore was born Jasmine Lepore in 1981.[2] Them parents divorced when they were eight years old and they were raised by their mother, Lisa Lepore, in Bonny Doon, California, and in their youth, they enjoyed playing football and worked for a local grocery store.[3]
Fiore was a swimsuit model who frequently worked as a body-painted model at parties for entertainment.[4] They appeared in shows at Las Vegas casinos. Fiore had acted in commercials for adult phone lines and bathing suits.[5] Fiore had also obtained a real-estate license and was planning to open a gym and personal training center.[6]
According to Fiore's friend of a year-and-a-half, Marta Montoya, Fiore had a longstanding but intermittently serious relationship with Robert Hasman, with whom Fiore wanted to settle down.[7] According to People magazine, another suitor of Fiore's was Travis Heinrich, whom they met around 2005. Heinrich and Fiore had become engaged and remained so for less than half a year in 2006 or 2007; although the couple broke off this engagement, they continued to date.[8]
Marriage [ edit ]
Fiore met real estate investor Ryan Jenkins at a Las Vegas casino shortly after Jenkins completed filming Megan Wants a Millionaire. Two days later – March 18, 2009 – the pair married at The Little White Wedding Chapel on the Las Vegas Strip.[9] According to court records, Jenkins was charged in June 2009 in Clark County, Nevada, with "battery constituting domestic violence" for hitting Fiore on the arm. Travis Heinrich, who was present, said Jenkins and Fiore were arguing over their friendship with Heinrich, and Jenkins hit Fiore's arm, causing them to fall into a nearby swimming pool.[8] Jenkins was to go on trial in December.[10] The pair reconciled shortly before Fiore's death and were reportedly traveling to San Diego for a poker game.
Lisa Lepore, Fiore's mother, claims that the two fought frequently and that Jenkins was jealous of Fiore's friendships with their ex-boyfriends.[6] Dan Jenkins, Ryan Jenkins's father, said that Fiore was their son's only friend in California and that they would disappear for days at a time and lie about it to their son.[11] In addition, Lepore told The Associated Press that their daughter had their marriage to Jenkins annulled in May 2009, but there are no court records of an annulment in either Nevada, where the couple was married, or Los Angeles County, where they last lived.[12]
Fiore's death [ edit ]
Investigators reported that Jenkins and Fiore checked into the L'Auberge hotel in Del Mar, San Diego, on the evening of August 13, 2009.[13] They were to attend a poker tournament, a charity fund-raiser for the Carma Foundation at the Del Mar Hilton.[14] Surveillance video captured Fiore and Jenkins leaving the Hilton at about 2:30 a.m. on August 14. The couple were later seen at the Ivy Hotel, a nightclub in downtown San Diego.[14][15] At around 4:30 a.m., Jenkins returned to the L'Auberge hotel alone.[16] Fiore was not seen alive again. Jenkins left the L'Auberge hotel at around 9 a.m. that day.[13]
Fiore's body was discovered, but not identified, on August 15 at about 7 a.m.,[17] badly beaten and crushed inside a suitcase in a dumpster in an alley in Buena Park, California.[17] According to Buena Park police, Fiore's teeth and fingers had been removed before their naked body was stuffed into the suitcase. They had also been strangled. Authorities believe the mutilation was an attempt to impede identification. On August 18, their remains were identified[18] using the serial numbers of their breast implants.[19] The Orange County coroner's office reported Fiore had died a couple of hours before their body was found.[20] Fiore's white Mercedes was found abandoned in a parking lot in West Hollywood,[21] about a mile from the penthouse Fiore shared with Jenkins in Fairfax District, Los Angeles.[22][23] Police reported that there was a significant amount of blood, and some evidence of hair pulling.[24]
Jenkins reported Fiore missing on August 15 at 8:55 p.m.[10][25] They told police that they last saw Fiore about 8:30 p.m. August 14 at their home on Edinburgh Avenue, Los Angeles. Jenkins said they had gone to San Diego for a poker event and that, after returning, they dropped them off that evening, left to do errands, and never returned.[26]
Jenkins's movements after Fiore's death [ edit ]
At around 9 a.m. on August 16, 2009, the day after reporting Fiore missing and after spending some time packing, Jenkins was seen leaving their penthouse for the last time. Police said they then left Los Angeles and went to Nevada to pick up their speedboat. On August 17, when contacted by police, Jenkins said they were in Utah and was headed to Canada to resolve some immigration issues.[13] On August 18, Fiore's body was identified and the murder first reported.[18] On the afternoon of August 19, Jenkins called their father from Birch Bay, who informed them Fiore had been found murdered.[27]
The Whatcom County Sheriff's Department received witness reports of Jenkins's black BMW SUV towing a boat toward the Canada–US border. Police later found the BMW SUV and an empty boat trailer at a marina in Blaine, Washington; the engine was still warm.[28] At the time Jenkins was only a person of interest in the investigation. They had not been charged, but Canadian authorities had been alerted to watch for him. U.S. Coast Guard and U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) confirmed they had boats patrolling northwest Washington waters looking for Jenkins as early as August 19.[29] Initial media reports were that the US Coast Guard and Canadian authorities chased Jenkins's speedboat as it crossed to Point Roberts, but officials later denied these reports.[29]
On August 19, a man matching Jenkins's description was seen piloting their boat into a marina in Point Roberts,[30] where Jenkins's stepmother lives.[31] The Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) announced that they believed Jenkins crossed into Canada sometime between August 19 and August 20.[32]
On August 20, Jenkins was charged with Fiore's murder and an arrest warrant was issued.[33] Also on August 20, Jenkins called their detained father at the airport, but their father had to hang up the call.[27]
Jenkins's suicide [ edit ]
At about 6 p.m. on August 20,[34] Jenkins arrived in a silver PT Cruiser with a young blonde woman at the Thunderbird Motel in Hope, British Columbia, Canada.[35][36] The car had Alberta license plates.[37] They pulled up beside a dumpster rather than beside the rooms, which the motel manager said was strange.[38] Jenkins stayed in the car while a young woman paid cash for three nights' accommodation. The manager described the woman as attractive, about 25 to 30 years old, and very calm, making small talk while registering.[39] The guest in the room next door said the woman stayed for about 20 minutes with Jenkins in Room 2 and then left the motel.[40] The woman proved to be Jenkins's half-sister Alena Jenkins.[41] The manager saw Jenkins walking outside the motel the next day, August 21.[34] The manager said Jenkins looked exhausted and was not recognizable from their picture on television.[42]
At 11:30 a.m. on August 23, the couple failed to check out. Having noticed very little activity over the weekend, the motel manager and their nephew decided to check on the room.[37] Jenkins was found dead, apparently of suicide;[42] their body was hanging from a clothes rack by a belt.[43][44] No suicide note was found at the motel.[45] Police found a one-page suicide note saved on Jenkins's computer titled "Last Will and Testament" and dated August 20, 2009.[46]
On August 27, 2009, investigators found a storage unit full of Jenkins's belongings, including a suitcase of clothes, in Washington state.[13]
Reaction by VH1 [ edit ]
Following the announcement that Jenkins was connected with the murder of Fiore, VH1 put Megan Wants a Millionaire on indefinite hiatus out of respect for Fiore's family. It also deleted the show's page from the official VH1 website and dropped reruns of past shows from its schedule. It removed the show's archived episodes from the iTunes Store and cable video on demand services, leading to speculation that the show would never air again.[47] It subsequently emerged that Jenkins had not only been charged with assaulting Fiore, but had been convicted two years earlier for assaulting a woman in Calgary. The latter incident had not been disclosed to either VH1 or Megan Wants a Millionaire producer 51 Minds. In a statement, 51 Minds said that it would not have allowed Jenkins on the show had it known about the 2007 incident.[48]
VH1 had hired Collective Intelligence, a private investigation firm, to perform background checks on Jenkins and the other contestants. Collective Intelligence doesn't perform background checks outside the United States, and outsourced the vetting of Jenkins to a Canadian firm, Straightline International. In 2009, Collective Intelligence sued Straightline for breach of contract. The suit alleged that Straightline had falsely told Collective Intelligence that Jenkins's record was clean, and had also failed to check Jenkins against the RCMP criminal database. Collective Intelligence claimed to have lost valuable business from Viacom (owner of VH1), NBC and ABC as a result of the damage to its reputation.[49][50] Collective Intelligence won their lawsuit in July 2011.
The day after Jenkins's death, VH1 officially announced the show was canceled,[51] and that it would not run the third season of I Love Money, which Jenkins reportedly won.[52] This cannot be determined, however, because a 51 Minds spokesperson said Jenkins tried to pick up their honorarium check of $5,200 a few days before Fiore's body was discovered.[48]
First observed between August 4 and August 6, 1181, Chinese and Japanese astronomers recorded the supernova now known as SN 1181 in eight separate texts. One of only eight supernovae in the Milky Way observable with the naked eye in recorded history, it appeared in the constellation Cassiopeia and was visible in the night sky for about 185 days.
The radio and X-ray pulsar J0205+6449 (also known as 3C 58), which rotates about 15 times per second, is possibly the remnant from this event. If the supernova and pulsar are associated, the star is still rotating about as quickly as it did when it first formed.[2] This is in contrast to the Crab pulsar, known to be the remnant of the SN 1054 supernova in the year 1054, which has lost two-thirds of its rotational energy in essentially the same time span.[3] Recent radio surveys of 3C 58, however, indicate that this supernova remnant may be much older and thus not associated with SN 1181.[4]
‘Whatever Milan need, they'll get'
By Football Italia staff
Milan President Silvio Berlusconi has said that the club will be supplied with whatever sum of money it needs in the transfer market this summer.
Berlusconi today continued negotiations with Thai business person Bee Taechaubol in Lugano over a sale of 48% of the Rossoneri.
The transfer of shares is hoped to be finalised in the next eight weeks and Mr Bee announced yesterday that they wouldn't give any interviews during that period.
“The eight weeks predicted? We will try to do a lot before then and there is a chance to do so,” Berlusconi said to liberatv.ch after the meeting.
“We've developed plans to work in full cooperation. We also clarified the time required.
“We've read the final contract. And we also have the ability to operate in the market in order to strengthen Milan, which is the primary objective."
“€150m for the transfer market? I don't know how much will be needed, but whatever is necessary will be provided.”
Berlusconi also spoke to RSI and underlined their belief that Milan will return to the summit of European football, while having a dig at Juventus.
"Everything went well, I don't think it will be necessary to return to Lugano,” Berlusconi said.
“I can assure you that Milan will become great again. Milan is part of my heart and I will come back to invest.
“It's often a matter of cycles, but our last league title was only a few years ago…
“We will get back to winning ways and we will return to Europe.
“With me, Milan have won five Champions League and European Cup titles, whereas Juventus have only won one of their five finals.”
FifaCoinsZone: The Best FIFA Coins Supplier for Cheap and Safe FUT Coins
Secure Delivery Methods
FifaCoinsZone.Com supports secure FIFA Coins delivery systems including Player Auction 3.0, Comfort Trade 3.0 and Player Auction P2P, so as to offer you safe FIFA Coins to lower the risk of your account getting banned or your coins getting wiped.
Fifacoinszone.com has been specializing in supplying FIFA Ultimate Team Coins for more than 5 years, and has mature ability to deal with all kinds of FIFA Coins issues. The satisfying customer service will tell you how to get FIFA coins safely, and will deal with your order in time so that you can get your coins soon.
When your purchase on Fifacoinszone.com reaches $50, you will enjoy 3% off. The more you order, the more discount you can enjoy getting cheap FIFA Coins. And you can get up to 10% off to save more on FUT Coins from Fifacoinszone.com.
FifaCoinsZone.com could accept your FUT Coins in your game account to open packs here; You can buy players at our site by your FIFA Ultimate Team Coins and exchange FIFA credits to open packs! NO NEED to buy coins!!
Tiesto, Armin Van Buuren and Paul Oakenfold were the forerunners of Trance music and helped bring the culture to the mainstream. So where are they all today?
Pre-“EDM” Boom, there were three "Gods of Trance" who stood out above all other DJs; Tiesto, Armin Van Buuren, and Paul Oakenfold. These artists served as the inspiration for countless artists to hone their craft and become the leading figures that are present in today's industry. Tiesto was the first DJ to play at the Olympics, and Armin Van Buuren won #1 DJ in the world by DJ Mag more times than any other artist. Legendary songs like Adagio for Strings, In and Out of Love, and Ready, Steady, Go were staples and international hits that helped bring the dance music scene into the spotlight. So what happened? Where are they now?
Tiesto is probably the most prevalent as they have solidified their position as the Godfather of EDM, taking numerous artists under their wing and bringing them to superstardom. They have changed their style from trance to basically whatever is mainstream at the time. Although that doesn't say much for artistic integrity, they definitely know how to ride a wave and keep up with the times. For this reason they will always remain one of the most popular DJs in the world as long as they want to be.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Armin Van Buuren has celebrated their A State of Trance (ASOT) radio show with over 750 episodes as well as bringing in new life into this world with their wife. They remain the figurehead for trance music worldwide along with the likes of Above & Beyond. Armin dabbles in pop music with “Just One Last Time,” and “This is What it Feels Like,” which both did extremely well across the globe. They continue to make powerful trance as well as pop, and DJ sets seem to be extremely consisten, although the influence of main stage big room house can definitely be heard.
Paul Oakenfold has stepped out of the spotlight, in terms of the scale to which Tiesto and Armin still are.  They are now producing for pop artists, such as Madonna, and heading up a department of DJs and producers at the Isina music talent mentorship program.
So are our favorite trance artists still in the game today? Very much so. They will continue to reign supreme and they are adapting to the times, Tiesto has changed their style leaving the figurehead position open to Armin Van Buuren, plus Paul Oakenfold is training the next generation to take the helm!
Special Mentions: Ferry Corsten is in the header picture of this article, who was also a great pioneer in the realm of Trance. Gareth Emery was also one of the pioneers of the distinct style and remains one of the genre's figureheads with massive hits that inspire entire crowds to belt out the lyrics such as that of “Concrete Angel.”
Possibly the silliest phrase in Major League Baseball at the moment is "World Series favorite." To predict which clubs will survive the 162-game grind to win their division at a time of great competitive parity in the sport is difficult enough. To project which club will be hot enough, lucky enough and deep enough to survive and thrive in October is all but impossible.
So, please, don't take what follows as a prediction, by any stretch of the imagination. This is merely an early power ranking for a league in which the power has, arguably, never been distributed more evenly. I can count on one hand the number of teams I legitimately don't think have a shot at the playoffs in 2015, and I don't think I'd even have to use that whole hand.
So "Top 10" is, in this instance, an arbitrary cutoff point, and it is bound to flabbergast more than a few of you.
You can find separate breakdowns of the best lineups, rotations, bullpens and defenses (coming Friday) here in the lead-up to the opening of Spring Training camps.
This is an early stab at the top 10 overall.
10. Royals
Let me just say from the start -- and this is coming from a guy firmly on the Royals' bandwagon a year ago at this time -- that while I wouldn't feel right leaving the defending AL champs off my top 10, I'm a bit worried about their bid to repeat. There will be a different sort of pressure placed upon this club in 2015, so one wonders if it'll be able to maintain that loose and carefree feel that fueled their eight straight postseason victories last fall.
More to the point, their run production is very reliant on comeback candidates Kendrys Morales and Alex Rios, who endured major power outages last year and will be playing their home games in a big ballpark, and Eric Hosmer and Mike Moustakas, who have to prove they can extrapolate their postseason showing over the course of a full season. Furthermore, their James Shields-less rotation is very reliant on the health of Danny Duffy, who battled shoulder issues late last season, and Yordano Ventura, whose small frame saw a rise in innings workload of over 37 percent in each of the last two seasons. We also know, too well, how quickly a bullpen strength can morph into a weakness as wear and tear accumulates.
So that's why I don't have these guys higher, Royals fan. Fire away. But with all that said, the speed and defense, the bullpen track record and the organizational standard for solid pitching are all major assets in a deep and daunting American League Central. So we'll see.
9. Mariners
Robinson Cano's arrival last year legitimized the M's as a viable ballclub, and Felix Hernandez is on the short list of the greatest arms to never throw a postseason pitch. Is this the year the M's, who fell so tantalizingly close last year, get over the October hump? I'll say this: They've got as good a shot as any club in the AL.
Color me skeptical about Nelson Cruz's ability to post another 40-homer season when he's playing their home games at Safeco Field, but they do balance the middle of the M's order between Cano and Kyle Seager, and the new Seth Smith/Justin Ruggiano platoon should also help. Most important, the Mariners have arguably the best rotation in the AL, with huge upside potential in James Paxton and Taijuan Walker. They've also got a bullpen that stranded runners at a historic rate in 2014 and should remain a strength.
Why don't I have the M's higher? Because you've got to prove it. The front office, for one, has to prove it can make the impact in-season acquisitions when the inevitable needs arise (last year, Austin Jackson, Chris Denorfia and Morales didn't move the needle offensively), and all these on-paper offseason advancements have to bear tangible fruit. But it's hard not to love where the Mariners are headed.
8. Red Sox
So many questions here, entering camp. Do they need an ace (i.e. Cole Hamels), or is a ground-ball-leaning staff with a few bounce-back candidates in Clay Buchholz, Wade Miley and Justin Masterson enough to eat up innings and hand it over to what could be a solid bullpen? How will the still-crowded outfield alignment sort itself out? Can Hanley Ramirez play left field? And if not, will the defensive struggles affect their bat? Is Xander Bogaerts, Rusney Castillo and Mookie Betts going to be impact players? What does Dustin Pedroia have left in the tank?
How the heck should I know? I just know that there is enough discernible depth here to make the worst-to-first-to-worst-to-first concept realistic, at the very least. The AL East seems totally wide open. And while the Red Sox might have to get creative in trades both before and after Opening Day to claim it, I like their chances of doing so.
7. Orioles
It was a weird winter in Baltimore, to say the least. Cruz, Nick Markakis and Andrew Miller have all departed, yet the payroll has gone up and the O's, in the minds of many, haven't really done anything to build off last year's momentum.
Maybe, for that reason, they don't belong in this top 10. Maybe I should be swept up enough in the bigger winters in Boston and Toronto, in particular, and have them above the O's. I don't dismiss those arguments at all.
What I do know is that the returns of Matt Wieters and Manny Machado and the mere possibility of returns to prominence in power for J.J. Hardy and consistency for Chris Davis are enough to make me think the lineup will still be a selling point, the pitching staff should again be short on starpower but long on stability (particularly if Kevin Gausman and/or Dylan Bundy break out), the defense should be second to none and the Buck Showalter/Dan Duquette tandem (however much longer it lasts) deserves the benefit of the doubt.
PECOTA and ZiPS both have the O's as a sub-.500 team. I'd be more worried about that if they didn't have the same projection for them a year ago, when they wound up winning 96 games.
6. Giants
San Francisco is seventh in wins over the last five seasons yet first in World Series titles. That's all that matters, and that's all that should matter. Some people will view this relatively low ranking for the defending champs as a slap in the face, another reason for the Giants to prove people wrong, blah, blah, blah.
Look, this isn't about disrespect. This is just an honest evaluation of how hard it is to repeat in this game. It hasn't happened since the Yankees' 1998-2000 repeat, and that was a much different time in baseball. The Giants, with their every-other-year championship trend, know well the hangover effect that can come with a World Series run. And with Madison Bumgarner, in particular, having accumulated 270 innings of work last year, they could face that issue yet again. This is all on top of replacing Pablo Sandoval and Mike Morse's power potential in the middle of the order.
But there's still, obviously, a lot to like about the Giants. Matt Cain and Angel Pagan are coming back. Joe Panik is settled in at second. The rotation options run deep, the managerial machinations are unmatched and the championship culture is well-established. Ultimately, the Giants were an 88-win team in the regular season last year, so there's room for regular-season improvement. Related Articles The Top 10 MLB Lineups for 2015 When we evaluate MLB lineups, we're grading on a curve. So consider that context in this presentation of my Top 10… More»
The Top 10 MLB Rotations For 2015 If Major League offenses are pedestrian enough to be graded on a curve, then starting staffs have to be evaluated… More»
The Top 10 MLB Bullpens For 2015 Never in the history of the game have bullpens, by and large, been this stacked with hard-throwers. These are the… More»
5. Angels
The Howie Kendrick trade leads me to believe they need a strong (not gargantuan, by any means, but strong) season out of Josh Hamilton and so far, no good on that front, with Hamilton doubtful for Opening Day after shoulder surgery. The Halos could have a lot riding on new acquisition Matt Joyce and the booming young bat of C.J. Cron, with the usual expectation of excellence out of Mike Trout and the hope that Albert Pujols can approximate their 2014 totals.
The real reason the Angels won the AL West by 10 games last year was because they reinvented themselves -- in some cases, on the fly -- from a pitching standpoint, with a big breakout season from Garrett Richards, a surprise showing from Matt Shoemaker and a bullpen rebuilt as the year went along. That bullpen, now with 100 percent less Kevin Jepsen, needs to be stable, and Richards' recovery from knee surgery needs to be seamless.
But the Angels should still have the pieces to contend in an AL West in which the Mariners are knocking on the door, the rebuilt A's remain a threat and the Rangers and Astros do not profile as the 90-loss pushovers they were a year ago. Much like the Tigers, they could finish first, they could finish fourth. None of us is smart enough to know.
4. Tigers
The clock is ticking on the Tigers' vaunted core, and that core was no doubt depleted by Max Scherzer's free-agent departure. There are big questions here -- about Justin Verlander's ability to reinvent himself, about Miguel Cabrera coming off major ankle surgery and Victor Martinez coming off knee surgery, about a bullpen that was a Detroit disaster zone last season and especially last fall. On top of all that, there are three clubs (the Indians, White Sox and the defending AL champion Royals) who profile as serious candidates to overtake the Tigers in their bid to win a fifth straight Central crown. You could tell me the Tigers will finish first, and you can tell me the Tigers will finish fourth. I'd believe you either way.
But with a nod to precedence and prominence, I'm ranking the Tigers ahead of those three teams for the regular-season outlook until they prove otherwise. Shane Greene is a big X-factor for this rotation, Yoenis Cespedes, in a contract year, means a lot to this lineup (particularly if Cabrera and V-Mart are slowed early in the season) and Joakim Soria and Bruce Rondon could make or break the bullpen.
The Tigers had to spend an absurd amount of money to build this star-laden club, and they've had to expend a tremendous amount of creativity to keep its window open. This, like every year in Motown, is a "World Series or bust" season.
3. Cardinals
Playing in possibly the deepest division in baseball -- now that the Cubs are relevant -- hurts the Cards' ranking ever so slightly, as does the possible vulnerability of the rotation (Adam Wainwright has averaged 244 1/3 innings per season since their 2012 return from Tommy John and had minor elbow surgery over the offseason, while Michael Wacha dealt with shoulder issues last summer) and the obvious need for improvement from a lineup that averaged just 3.8 runs per game last year. The emotional and fundamental impact of Oscar Taveras' untimely death is another challenge.
With that said, this rotation, if healthy, once again profiles as one of baseball's best, and Jason Heyward should shore up the top end of the order considerably. The Cards' farm system isn't loaded with as many impact talents as it was a couple years ago (primarily because several of those guys have graduated to the big leagues), but there are still quality trade chips at play here for John Mozeliak to work their midseason magic.
Until further notice, the Cards are still the favorites in arguably baseball's best division. And if recent history is any indication whatsoever, you can probably pencil them in for the National League Championship Series, too.
2. Dodgers
The nerd numbers (and by that I mean the PECOTA projections) really, really, really love this Dodgers team. The system picks them to win 97 games, by far the most in baseball.
I don't think it's going to be quite that easy, particularly given how much the Padres have improved the outlook of the NL West. But while I don't know if the win total itself will improve on last year's 94 mark, I do think the Dodgers project to be a better ballclub than they were last year. They'll be dramatically better defensively, they'll have better options in the back end of their rotation (albeit with some major injury question marks), they'll have a lineup with a nice blend of youth and veteran presence and their bullpen, which killed them last October, shouldn't be the bloated albatross it once was.
The other, undeniable factor here is that the Dodgers have the resources in both prospects and finances to improve in-season, with a proven roster architect in Andrew Friedman manning the switches.
1. Nationals
This seems to happen every year. Those of us who analyze and/or yammer on about baseball for a living or a hobby fall in love with the Nats' roster because it has depth and balance and very few, if any, obvious holes. In two out of the last three years, we were right, as the Nats posted the best record in the NL. But this club has yet to prove it can win in October, as many of you (and I'm looking at you, Cardinals fan) will eagerly point out.
I get that. But again, this isn't about October. This is about being properly positioned to get there. As was the case with the 2011 Phillies (who, for the record, stand as the most recent Major League club to win 100 games), the Nats have a rotation worth writing home about, with Scherzer locking arms with Jordan Zimmermann, Stephen Strasburg, Doug Fister and Gio Gonzalez (and Tanner Roark providing luxurious depth in that department). They've got a good defensive alignment (though we'll see how Yunel Escobar handles the shift to second), they've got a deep lineup (especially by NL standards), they've got real growth potential if Bryce Harper stays healthy, they've got depth in both established and young arms to make a midseason move, should a need arise. Oh, they also play in a division that features not one but two rebuilding teams, which shouldn't hurt their win percentage.
What does all this guarantee the Nats? Absolutely nothing. But they're in good shape entering camp.
Honorable mentions (just missed the top 10):
Pirates. Deep and flexible lineup, sturdy rotation with huge upside in Gerrit Cole and excellent bullpen and defense.
Blue Jays. Very good chance Toronto breaks baseball's longest playoff drought and wins the AL East. Dynamic lineup.
Indians. Deeper than they get credit for, and manager input still matters.
White Sox. Revamped lineup and lengthened rotation make them a legit threat to win the Central.
A's. No telling what Billy Beane's retooling leads to in the win-loss column, but still a deep roster.
***
Anthony Castrovince is a sport on Earth contributor and MLB.com columnist. Follow them on Twitter @Castrovince.
Close
Russians are aiming to be the first to send animals to Mars, and are training monkeys to be ready for a mission to the red planet by 2017.
Russian scientists have been working on training monkeys three hours a day in preparation for the possibility of sending them on space missions. Training was held everyday at the Institute of Biomedical Problems in Moscow, where four rhesus macaques are being taught to use a joystick to hit specific targets indicated by a cursor. If the monkeys are successful, they are rewarded with a sip of juice.
The monkeys were selected based on their cognitive thinking skills and learning abilities.
"What we are trying to do is to make them as intelligent as possible so we can use them to explore space beyond our orbit," said Inessa Kozlovskaya, the leader of the team responsible for teaching the monkeys.
Once the monkeys are successful in learning how to operate the controls, the next phase would involve solving simple mathematical problems and simple puzzles. The scientists are hoping that the animals will be ready to perform tasks related to their mission for space by 2017.
There is a long history of animals taking part in space missions. Long before humans made it to space, the US and Russia have been using animals in order to test how long a living organism can go outside Earth and return safely.
One of the first monkeys to be launched into the cosmos, Albert I, a rhesus monkey, was onboard a V-2 Blossom on June 1948. They and their predecessors, Albert II, III and IV all unfortunately died on impact. It will be years later, on 1951, when a monkey named Yorick would become the first monkey to live through a space flight.
Even after that bit of success, survival rates of animals on space remained relatively low for a long time. This, and the way animals are trained and handled for space missions, is what greatly bothers animal activist groups.
Members of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) pointed out that space missions are already difficult for humans, which makes it even more so for the animals that don't have a clue of what they're really doing.
"They're being strapped down into these capsules. It's terrifying for them," said Justin Goodman, director of lab investigations at PETA. "They don't understand what's going on."
Even until now, NASA is continuing to study how humans can handle long term space travel on humans. The agency hopes that the findings of these studies will help the US land on Mars by 2030.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- At this time last week, New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick shared their laser-like focus for what was ahead.
"We want to play our best football next Saturday night. I mean, what else is there?" they asked reporters in attendance. "I don't know what else is there to talk about other than the specifics of doing it."
In the perfect Patriots world, that would be all anyone is talking about. The Chiefs are a solid team that has won 11 games in a row and they pass the test when it comes to something Pro Football Hall of Fame coach Bill Parcells once said, "Before you can learn to win games, you have to learn how not to lose them." The Chiefs, whose plus-14 turnover differential ranked second in the NFL during the regular season, have figured out that part.
But turn on one of the two Boston-based sports radio stations Wednesday, and that's not what many are talking about.
This, of course, is a result of an outside-the-norm Tuesday in which Belichick showed up to their morning news conference with a black eye, tight end Rob Gronkowski was the only player not present at practice, and then the Boston Herald reported that defensive end Chandler Jones had been transported to a local hospital Sunday for a medical emergency and the chief at the local police department, according to the Herald, wasn't entirely truthful about how it all went down.
Conspiracy theorists had a field day with the possibilities.
Meanwhile, credible, bottom-line facts as to what it all means remain elusive.
That could change Wednesday, as reporters have access to the locker room from 11:30 a.m. to 12:15 p.m., before a quick peek at the start of practice (12:35 p.m.). Gronkowski arrived at the team facility early Wednesday morning, so he's here. But do they practice? It's entirely possible their absence Tuesday was a result of a precaution, as it was the team's only full-pads practice of the week and the last thing the team needs is an injury to its All-Pro tight end.
Meanwhile, Belichick isn't scheduled to address the media until Thursday (9 a.m.), which was part of the original schedule of the week.
As for Jones, the team said he's participated in practices Monday and Tuesday, and been present for all meetings. In the 45-minute access periods in which reporters were in the locker room on Monday and Tuesday, Jones was not present.
Perhaps that changes Wednesday, with Jones addressing their situation.
MADISON, Wis. - After what's been called a gas station fraud "epidemic" by some city leaders, Madison City Council approved an ordinance requiring upgraded security on city pumps.
The ordinance requires all Madison gas stations to get individualized locks. Right now most are controlled by a universal key, so if someones gets a hold of one of the keys they can open just about any pump.
Area criminals have caught on to this and installed skimmers, devices that steal credit or debit card information, into pumps. Skimmers have been found at at least five Madison gas stations so far.
Madison woman Emily Akright believes they are the latest victim. They said $1,400 was drained out of their account just days after they filled their tank at a gas station on Mineral Point Road.
"To feel like somebody can get a hold of that and use what you've worked pretty hard for, so quickly, just seems unfair," Akright said.
The ordinance requiring individualized gas pump keys at all city stations by the start of next year will make it much harder to install skimmers.
"I'll get eight locks, one key will fit those eight locks, not one key will fit 8,000 locks, which is what we have now," Mike Seversin, a local gas station owner, said.
Seversin is ahead of the game, he'll have their new keys in next week.
"We need to make our costumers feel safe so they pay at the pump and feel comfortable about it," Seversin said.
Not everyone is so eager to change. At a city council meeting earlier this week Jennifer Badeau, with the Wisconsin Petroleum Marketers Association, spoke out against the rule saying it's costly.
"The cost of the locks, I believe, are at least $100 per dispenser so that's adding at least $200,000," Badeau said.
Akright is still working with their bank to retrieve the stolen debit card money. For now, though, she's taking comfort in knowing other people might not have to go down the same road.
In addition to new locks all pumps need to have chip card readers installed by next fall to add to security.
Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
Week 2 of the 2016 regular season still has a hint of that new-football smell for just about every NFL team and fanbase.
Most dreams have yet to be crushed, and millions all over America still have hope (rational or not) that their squad is in the hunt for a division title or the postseason.
Unless, of course, you pull for the Buffalo Bills, who opened Week 2 with a 37-31 loss to the New York Jets. The next morning, Bills coach Rex Ryan fired their offensive coordinator, Greg Roman.
"I think Greg is an outstanding coach," Ryan told reporters Friday, before deflecting the remaining questions to the future of their team. "We have a terrific coaching staff, and we're going to lean on the expertise of those coaches as well."
Many more losses, and Ryan themselves could be the one on the hot seat. That's the nature of modern professional sports, when winning now often trumps patience. And on Sunday, several other teams will be hoping to avoid the 0-2 hole that put this pressure on the Bills.
The rest of the league will be in action, and, as usual, 506 Sports has provided the full coverage maps to tell us when and where every team will be on:
A complete breakdown of the schedule, including live-stream information, can also be found below:
Week 2 Schedule Sunday, September 18 Time (ET) Matchup TV Live Stream 1 p.m. Cincinnati Bengals at Pittsburgh Steelers CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 1 p.m. Tennessee Titans at Detroit Lions CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 1 p.m. Baltimore Ravens at Cleveland Browns CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 1 p.m. Dallas Cowboys at Washington Redskins Fox Fox Sports Go 1 p.m. New Orleans Saints at New York Giants Fox Fox Sports Go 1 p.m. San Francisco 49ers at Carolina Panthers Fox Fox Sports Go 1 p.m. Miami Dolphins at New England Patriots CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 1 p.m. Kansas City Chiefs at Houston Texans CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 4:05 p.m. Seattle Seahawks at Los Angeles Rams Fox Fox Sports Go 4:05 p.m. Tampa Buccaneers at Arizona Cardinals Fox Fox Sports Go 4:25 p.m. Jacksonville Jaguars at San Diego Chargers CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 4:25 p.m. Atlanta Falcons at Oakland Raiders CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 4:25 p.m. Indianapolis Colts at Denver Broncos CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) 8:30 p.m. Green Bay Packers at Minnesota Vikings NBC NBC Sports Live Extra Monday, September 19 Time Matchup TV Live Stream 8:30 p.m. Philadelphia Eagles at Chicago Bears ESPN WatchESPN ESPN.com
Note: Live-streaming is also found on NFL Sunday Ticket and replays with NFL Game Pass for subscribers.
The Games Everyone Can Watch
Green Bay Packers at Minnesota Vikings
Friends to Foes, Ex-UGA Teammates Meet in Super Bowl Cooks Gave a Super Gift to This Rams Employee Mahomes Loves Ketchup as Much as Torching Defenses Bears Hoping to Ride Club Dub to the Super Bowl The Worst Fantasy Football Punishments for Last Place NFL Players Bring Soccer Traditions to the NFL JuJu Is a Man of the People Bills Superfan 'Pancho Billa' Continues to Inspire Happy 26th Birthday to OBJ 🎉 Mahomes Is 'Showtime' Off the Field Too Thielen's Ride from Underdog to Record-Breaking WR Shanahan and Their Son Carter Are Hyped for Carter V Browns Winning Off the Field with Community Service Conner's Journey from Beating Cancer to Starting RB Does Donovan McNabb Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? B/R Fantasy Expert Matt Camp Gives Their Picks for Keep or Release After Week 2 Does Hines Ward Deserve Your 2019 Pro Football Hall of Fame Vote? Shaquem Griffin Starting for Seahawks in Week 1 Luck Recommends Their Favorite Reads in Virtual Book Club The Best Moments from NFL Training Camps Right Arrow Icon
After struggling to throw to their own ridiculous standards during the 2015 season, Aaron Rodgers showed flashes of the brilliance fans have come to expect from them against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Week 1.
On a play toward the end of the second quarter, while being pulled to the ground, Rodgers uncorked a dart from around the 35-yard line. The NFL shared video of the throw that few other quarterbacks who've ever played would be capable of:
But Rodgers, who was 20-of-34 with two touchdowns and no interceptions last Sunday, will face what should be a stiffer test against the Minnesota Vikings in Week 2.
According to CBS Sports' Jared Dubin, Minnesota's a foe that Rodgers has struggled with in recent history:
(Mike) Zimmer's defenses have held Rodgers to a passer rating almost 15 points lower than their career average, and that's despite being lit up for five touchdowns on only 46 attempts in 2014. Their passer rating in the other four games (78.3) is basically equal to the career number posted by EJ Manuel. In order to experience a similar amount of success on Sunday, the Vikes will have to get sterling efforts from their trio of corners. If they're not on the top of their games, Rodgers will make them pay -- just as they did in 2014.
With starting corner Xavier Rhodes ruled out for Week 2, per Vikings.com's Zach Royse, those sterling efforts will have to come from Captain Munnerlyn, Trae Waynes and 38-year-old Terence Newman.
"[Receivers] just find open spots, and it's like one guy takes off, the other guy goes this place, and they find them," Newman said of the Packers' attack, per Vikings.com's Lindsey Young. "That's something that's going to be tough to guard against, because you don't know when it's coming, you don't know where the guys are going to end up at. You just have to try to extend and understand where a guy wants to go."
That's difficult against a quarterback who can extend plays the way Rodgers does. Staying disciplined against them will be a game-long pursuit.
Philadelphia Eagles at Chicago Bears
Mitchell Leff/Getty Images
Last Sunday, Carson Wentz became the 12th player in NFL history to attempt at least 10 passes and post a passer rating over 100 in Week 1 of their rookie season.
Now, people all over the NFL are raving about the young signal-caller.
Greg Cosell of Yahoo Sports wrote, "Carson Wentz did things in their Philadelphia Eagles debut that you usually only see from veteran quarterbacks."
"There will be ups and downs, as there are with every young quarterback, but Wentz looked the part in Week 1," wrote ESPN.com's Sheil Kapadia.
The most glowing praise of all, though, came from the Philadelphia Eagles offensive coordinator, Frank Reich, who compared Wentz to Andrew Luck, per NJ.com's Matt Lombardo:
Physically, they remind me a little bit of a combination of Andrew Luck -- though, I've never played with them -- just watching them play, but a guy that I did play with in Jim Kelly, the size, strength and just the toughness. The mentally tough, physically tough attitude and not being afraid to stand in the pocket and take a hit. I think Carson showed that, having played with Jim Kelly all of those years, a hall of fame quarterback, you don't want those guys to take hits but it is the willingness on fourth and four with guys coming up the middle to make the play to (Zach) Ertz and take the hit because that's what it takes to make the play and keep the drive alive, so those are good signs.
Making this kind of plays should be more difficult against any team not named the Cleveland Browns, though. And while no one will mistake the current Chicago Bears defense for some of the legendary units of their past, this group might as well be 11 Brian Urlachers when compared to the Browns.
The talented linebacking duo of Danny Trevathan and Jerrell Freeman will do a much better job of controlling the middle of the field than Cleveland did against Wentz. And cornerback Tracy Porter is more likely to make the young quarterback pay for mistakes.
If Wentz can put together another strong performance—this time against the likes of Trevathan, Freeman and Porter—Eagles fans can really start to run with this new hope.
Boston: A Boston police captain's son has been arrested for building bombs in their apartment and planning to attack a crowded university campus cafeteria on behalf of the Islamic State militant group, authorities said.
Alexander Ciccolo, 23, was arrested on July 4 for the unlawful receipt of multiple guns, the US Justice Department said in a news release. Their indictment was unsealed on Monday. The university they intended to target was not disclosed.
In this July 26, 2012 picture Alexander Ciccolo participates in a peace walk through Brighton, Ontario, Canada. Credit:Dave Fraser/AP
Mr Ciccolo has received mental health treatment since childhood, according to sources familiar with the family. Their father recently alerted authorities to their concerns about their son's activities, the sources said.
FBI agents put Mr Ciccolo under surveillance after being alerted to some of their posts on social media. They watched them buy at least one pressure cooker at a Wal-Mart store in Massachusetts, according to an affidavit by FBI special agent Paul Ambrogio.
19.09.2017
Viele Kinder leiden an einer nicht-alkoholischen Fettleber Wissenschaft
Immer mehr Kinder leiden an einer Fettleber. Von links oben im Uhrzeigersinn: eine gesunde, eine chronisch entzündete, eine von Zirrhose und eine von Krebs befallene Leber.
Anlässlich des Weltkindertags am 20. September 2017 warnt die Deutsche Leberstiftung, dass immer mehr Kinder an einer nicht-alkoholischen Fettleber leiden.
Immer mehr Kinder erkranken an einer durch Fehlernährung und Bewegungsmangel bedingten nicht-alkoholischen Fettleber (NAFL). Das gibt die Deutsche Leberstiftung anlässlich des Weltkindertags in einer Pressemitteilung bekannt. Zudem warnt die Stiftung: Werden Lebererkrankungen nicht frühzeitig erkannt und behandelt, so können sie schon bei Kindern zu ernsthaften Schädigungen führen.
Die Deutsche Leberstiftung unterstützt den Weltkindertag 2017, der unter dem Motto "Kindern eine Stimme geben!" von UNICEF und dem Deutschen Kinderhilfswerk begangen wird. Die Stiftung nimmt den 20. September zum Anlass, um vor dem Anstieg von Fettleber-Diagnosen von Kindern zu warnen. Durch ernsthaftes Übergewicht komme es zu einem alarmierenden Anstieg von verfetteten Lebern schon bei Kindern, heißt es in der Pressemitteilung.
Fettleber bei Kindern: Übergewicht ist das größte Risiko
"Es gibt dringenden Handlungsbedarf, die Zahlen sind alarmierend. Immer mehr Kinder sind zu dick und leiden unter einer chronischen Lebererkrankung wie beispielsweise der nicht-alkoholischen Fettleber", warnt in der Pressemitteilung der Deutschen Leberstiftung Professor Ulrich Baumann, Facharzt für Kinder- und Jugendmedizin aus der Pädiatrischen Gastroenterologie und Hepatologie der Medizinischen Hochschule Hannover.
Jedes zehnte Kind, das in Europa von einem Arzt behandelt wird, leidet an einer nicht-alkoholischen Fettleber. Das beweist ein Report aus dem Jahr 2016, den die Gesellschaft der Europäischen Gastroenterologen veröffentlicht hat. Die Weltgesundheitsorganisation (WHO) mahnt an, dass in Europa jedes dritte Kind zwischen sechs und neun Jahren krankhaft zu dick sei. Fast die Hälfte dieser Kinder entwickle eine nicht-alkoholische Fettleber, so warnt die Deutsche Leberstiftung.
Symptome für Fettleber sind kaum bemerkbar
Die Fettleber ist eine gefährliche Erkrankung, doch nur selten zeigt sie sich durch Symptome. Schon bei Kindern kann sie zu einer Vernarbung des Gewebes, einer sogenannten Fibrose, führen. Auch eine Leberentzündung kann sich daraus entwickeln. Eine Fibrose kann sich unbehandelt zudem zu einer Leberzirrhose entwickeln, die auch bei Kindern und Jugendlichen das Risiko für Leberzellkrebs deutlich erhöht. Deshalb appelliert die Deutsche Leberstiftung an alle Kinderärzte, übergewichtige Kinder und Jugendliche stets auf eine Fettleber zu untersuchen.
Die Deutsche Leberstiftung befasst sich nach eigenen Angaben mit der Leber, Lebererkrankungen und ihren Behandlungen. Sie bietet Informationen und Beratung für Betroffene und Angehörige, Ärzte und Apotheker an. Die Stiftung hat außerdem "Das Leber-Buch" veröffentlicht, das sich mit der Leber, ihren Erkrankungen und Therapien befasst. Zum Thema "Lebererkrankungen bei Kindern" bietet die Deutsche Leberstiftung ein Informationsblatt zum Download an. sh
Themen Folgen
B.C.'s illegal gambling task force was shut down in 2009 due to urgent “funding pressure” on the B.C. Lottery Corp., according to a confidential B.C. government memo obtained by Postmedia News.
The March 2016 memo for then finance minister Mike de Jong, is the first known document indicating the illegal gambling task force was disbanded by B.C. officials for financial reasons.
Also, the document suggests, in the aftermath of the unit's closure, organized crime in B.C. has been able to increase its dangerous reach into both legal and illegal casinos, for the purposes of money laundering.
The document was prepared for de Jong by B.C.'s Gaming Policy Enforcement Branch. It says that from 2003 to 2009, the Integrated Illegal Gaming Enforcement Team (IIGET) investigated crimes surrounding “common gaming” houses, animal fighting, and bookmaking. The unit was not tasked with investigating money laundering in B.C.'s licensed casinos, the document says.
But IIGET managers in January 2009 filed a threat-assessment asking for an expanded role, and warning of the potential influence of organized crime in B.C. Lottery Corp. regulated casinos.
Instead, in April 2009, B.C.'s illegal gambling task force was disbanded.
“IIGET's budget was cut due to exigent funding pressure on the primary funder, BCLC, and a perceived lack of effectiveness,” the March 2016 internal memo, obtained in a freedom-of-information request, says. “Since this time, investigations and enforcement of illegal gambling activities has been conducted by individual police departments in an ad-hoc manner.”
IIGET received just over $1.5 million in funding each year it operated, government documents say, while B.C.'s gaming industry generated about $2.6 billion in revenue per year.
The memo says that as of March 2016, “there has been a significant increase in the use of illegal gaming houses in the province and the legitimization of proceeds of crime through B.C.'s gaming facilities.”
The memo also indicates that since 2011 in B.C. there have been no charges laid in relation to common gaming houses.
These outcomes mirror the concerns that IIGET warned of in its January 2009 threat report for the B.C. officials that governed it.
That report, obtained by Postmedia News in freedom of information request, cryptically noted: “A conflict of interest or perception of corruption undermines the integrity of gaming in B.C. and so this is a very important part of the report.”
Information following that particular claim, is redacted.
Another section of the report says Canadian casinos are at high-risk for money laundering, and “the integrity of gaming in B.C. could also be impacted by the presence of influence of organized crime figures at B.C. gaming facilities.”
The 2009 threat report said known gangsters were gambling in B.C. casinos, and that Asian organized crime groups, Italian crime groups, and Hells Angels operate illegal casinos in B.C. Some of these underground operations are linked to crimes including prostitution, extortion, loan sharking and kidnapping, the report says.
“The main issue concerning unlicensed gaming is the protection of the public,” the report says.
The 2009 report made a number of recommendations, including “that IIGET be the central repository for all gaming related criminal information. At the present time gaming related criminal activities are investigated by the police of jurisdiction. This serves to fragment operation knowledge and is not in the best interest of intelligence led policing.”
The report also says that from 2003 to 2009 police agencies in B.C. have received information from Canada's anti-money laundering agency, Fintrac, pointing to tens of millions in suspicious transactions in casinos. The reports are filed to Fintrac by B.C. Lottery Corp., if B.C. casinos notice suspicious transactions. But various police departments said they don't have the resources to investigate the transactions, the report said. This suggests that for many years, B.C.'s casino anti-money laundering reporting system has been ineffective.
The 2009 report said that IIGET should take a leadership role to combat organized crime in gambling, similar to the role played by Ontario Provincial Police's organized gambling unit.
In April 2009, B.C. gaming minister Rich Coleman shut IIGET down.
According to media reports at the time, Coleman has claimed IIGET was inefficient, had a high staff turnover rate, and was redundant.
In an interview Monday, former B.C. finance minister Mike de Jong said they could not comment on the financial decision to close the “old unit” in 2009. However, de Jong pointed to their role in forming B.C.'s new Joint Illegal Gaming Investigation Team in April 2016.
Meanwhile, documents filed to de Jong in March 2016 also pointed to alleged under-reporting of suspicious cash transactions.
Prior to November 2015, River Rock Casino in Richmond “did not review large cash transactions of $50,000 or less for indicators of being suspicious transactions,” the March 2016 memo says. “BCLC has met with Fintrac to report on and brief them on the under-reporting of suspicious transaction reports at the River Rock Casino … the issues were first identified on November 2, 2015, while conducting a review of a specific customer's transactions that had come to the attention of BCLC's anti-money laundering unit.”
Great Canadian Gaming Corp. did not respond to questions for this story, but cited statements from CEO Rod Baker in a press release issued Monday.
“Great Canadian has a culture of integrity and transparency founded on our strict compliance with the regulations in all jurisdictions where we do business,” the statement says.
Postmedia reported on Saturday that BCLC anti-money-laundering staff met with River Rock managers in October 2014 to discuss concerns about a number of VIP gamblers who were funding their gambling with cash-drops from suspected criminals, and that River Rock managers agreed suspicious cash problems were serious and needed to be dealt with, according to documents.
Some of these suspects became the focus of the RCMP's E-Pirate probe, launched in April 2015, according to B.C. government documents.
In its statement Monday, Great Canadian said: “In relation to the recent charges in the RCMP's E-Pirate probe into alleged money laundering activities, Great Canadian initially detected this suspicious activity at River Rock in 2012. Our ongoing monitoring and reporting to BCLC was, in fact, crucial to identifying these individuals to authorities. We are pleased that charges have been laid as an outcome of our collaborative work with BCLC and law enforcement.”
BCLC did not respond to questions for this story, referring all questions to B.C.'s Ministry of the Attorney General. The ministry did not respond by deadline for this story.
scooper@postmedia.com
Bryton Mellott of Urbana, Ill., posted images of themselves burning a U.S. flag to Facebook. Complaints and threats from others led to their arrest. Public Records/Facebook
A young Wal-Mart employee in central Illinois torched an American flag and wound up in jail on the Fourth of July, but experts say police are the ones on the wrong side of the law and may well be on the hook for damages.
The Supreme Court twice has found the First Amendment allows for people to defile Old Glory -- knocking down state laws in its 1989 decision in Texas v. Johnson, followed by a 1990 ruling against a federal ban in U.S. v. Eichman.
But that didn't prevent the Urbana Police Department from arresting Bryton Mellott, 22, on Monday and charging them with a felony under a state flag desecration law after they posted to Facebook photos of themselves holding a flaming flag.
A message accompanying the photos condemned racism, sexism and the treatment of sexual minorities and the poor. “I do not have pride in my country. I am overwhelmingly ashamed, and I will demonstrate my feelings accordingly. #ArrestMe,” Mellott wrote.
Police claim they then received phone calls during the Independence Day holiday “request[ing] police action against Mellott” or expressing concern about their safety.
“After investigating the incident and speaking to both Mellott and their employer, Mellott was placed under arrest for flag desecration,” the department said in a statement. “The police report lists Mellott as an offender of both flag desecration and disorderly conduct as well as a victim of disorderly conduct.” Sgt. Andrew Charles told Forbes the disorderly conduct charge was used because Mellott was “causing others to be put at risk of harm.”
Police released Mellott from custody after consulting with the local prosecutor's office and being told there were “questions about the constitutionality” of the flag desecration law, the release says. The department has not released a copy of the police report, for which it requires Freedom of Information Act request.
Mellott was given a July 20 court date, but on Tuesday afternoon State's Attorney Julia Rietz announced they would not pursue the charges -- a decision prominent scholars said was a no-brainer.
“The man clearly had a constitutional right to do what they did and cannot be punished for it, whether for flag discretion or for disorderly conduct,” says Geoffrey Stone, a law professor at the University of Chicago.
“Flag burning is a constitutionally protected act under the First Amendment,” says Jonathan Turley, a law professor at George Washington University. “It is an exercise of free speech. Moreover, if the act is protected, you cannot charge someone with the response of others to a protected act.”
Eugene Volokh, a UCLA law professor, says “it's a clearly unconstitutional arrest."
As with the flag-desecration charge, the disorderly conduct count appeared to run afoul of well-established law, Volokh says.
“It seems that what they mean is if you post something that makes people upset with you and send threats to you, leading to police investigation and protection, then you're committing a crime because of what the threateners are saying -- and that's been clearly an impermissible theory since at least 1949” with the ruling in Terminiello v. City of Chicago , they say.
“Under this theory, any time anyone posts something sufficiently offensive to enough people, they can be prosecuted for disorderly conduct,” Volokh says. "That cannot be the law. That is not the law.”
A so-called heckler's veto enforced by police targeting a threatened speaker rarely is permissible, but Mellott's conduct doesn't appear to meet that standard, experts say.
“In limited circumstances, police can actively intervene to protect a speaker from a hostile crowd. But cases of this sort typically involve an imminent threat to a speaker who is addressing an audience in real time and space,” says Timothy Zick, a law professor at the College of William and Mary.
“In any event, even in such cases, police arguably have an obligation to protect the speaker by arresting those communicating threats," they add.
Zick says Mellott appears to have a good case for a false arrest lawsuit, which could entitle them to compensation for their brief confinement and damages for physical and emotional suffering, or even punitive damages, depending on specific facts.
Volokh says if Mellott sues, they would win.
“There would be an award, including an attorney's fee award,” they say.
It's unclear if Mellott remains a Wal-Mart employee or if they intend to sue the police department.
Mellott did not respond to a Facebook message seeking comment. A manager at the local Wal-Mart was unable to come to the phone Tuesday and the company's national press team did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Updated on July 5, 2016 : This article was updated to reflect Rietz's decision not to pursue the charges.
During early flight and throughout the First World War pilots rode in open cockpits. These daredevils of the sky were quick to wear whatever they could find that was warm and that often included whatever their personal finances could afford. There was not much in the way of 'Service Issued' military clothing issued pilots and crews, other than the standard uniform. There was nothing like a standard Bomber Jacket or Flight Jacket at that time. What they could find to wear was clearly functional for practicality and warmth. In France and Belgium, the Royal Flying Corps had begun wearing long leather jackets in 1915, and the trend caught on. However, it took the U.S. Army until September 1917 to establish the Aviation Clothing Board. Finally, they began distributing heavy duty Leather Flight Jackets; with high wrap around collars, zipper closures with wide thick wind flaps, snug cuffs and waits. Some even came fringed and lined with fur. The American flight and bomber jacket was born.
On May 9, 1931, the U.S. Army Air Corp brought into being the new Standard Issue Leather 'Type A2 Bomber Jacket'. The U.S. Navy soon followed with the 'Type M-445 Flight Jacket' for both Pilots of the Navy and Marine Corps (later this same model was called the G1 Flight Jacket). The issues were made of Seal Skin and Horsehide Leather with a functional cotton lining. However, as the Air Corp gained popularity and its enlisted ranks swelled, the sealskin was deemed unpractical to fill large government orders. The Department of War expressly used horsehide for their Type A2 Bomber Jacket as it was plentiful in the United States Leather Tanning Markets. Today, both the A2 and G1 are made to Department of Defense Standards for Military Issue using only Goatskin and Cowhide Leather.
The Type A2 Bomber Jacket was a waist length leather jacket that featured two front patch pockets toward the bottom, stretch webbing attached to the bottom of the jacket and at the end of the sleeves to close out the air, shoulder epaulets, and nothing else. It was a real ‘Plain Jane' intended to look good for the Generals, and be barely functional for the wearer. However, there were several different types of styles for use within the U.S. Army, but the Type A2 Bomber Jacket added a brilliant distinction to the U.S. Army Air Corp now known as the United States Air Force and other armed services also use the Type A2 as well.
As American Pilots and Crewman took to the sky against the Axis in WWII, they used a wide variety of flight gear along with their A2 Bomber Jackets. Besides the Type A2 Bomber Jacket was the widely used Type B3 Bomber Jacket (also known as B3 Shearling or Sheepskin Jacket). There were flight helmets, trousers, boots, oxygen masks, gloves, goggles, and a whole host of other items. This was a new modern war that brought with it new requirements and equipment to meet those requirements.
Read more blogs from American Mystique
THERE is an evangelical fervour starting to emerge in debates about farm animal welfare, and the merits of a meat-free diet. The argument that a diet that is free of meat is somehow morally superior is frequently used by opponents of livestock farming, but exactly why this would be the case is not supported by either evidence or logic.
There is no doubt that many people who advocate in favour of a meat-free diet and who are opposed to livestock farming hold very strong views about the innate cruelty of livestock production, and the moral superiority of those who oppose it. An example of these views featured in an opinion piece published by the Sydney Morning Herald on 20/10/2015, headlined “We're crueller than ever but too selfish to change” The online version carried a more specific headline “Are we the cruellest we've ever been? The way we treat animals suggests we are.” and incorporated a picture of a pig in a cage with the heading “Factory farming has all but replaced traditional farming methods, making the paddock-to-plate process invisible.” It then argued that humans are only able to consume meat by ignoring what Abraham Lincoln referred to as the ‘better angels of our nature” – self-control, empathy, fairness and reason – effectively putting vegetarians and vegans on much superior moral plane to the rest of humans.
Dealing with factual issues first, the claim that factory farming has all but replaced traditional farming methods begs a number of questions. The first is whether this is in fact the case, and the second is whether it automatically follows that so-called factory farming is more cruel to animals. In Australia, the domestic livestock industries consist of approximately 26 million beef cattle, 1.7 million dairy cattle, 75 million sheep, 2.1 million pigs and around 570 million chickens. Of these, virtually all of the cattle and sheep are managed on pastures, which presumably does not count as factory farming. There is capacity for approximately 1 million cattle on feedlots, where some cattle are held in pens and fed grain for periods averaging around 100 days prior to slaughter, and these might be considered to be factory farms. In relation to pigs and poultry, most would be managed under what are referred to as factory farming conditions, although these increasingly incorporate requirements for the animals to be able to range freely, and the major retailers have proposed that all egg production will need to be based on free-range systems in several years time. In fact, if anything the trend in Australia is for less rather than more factory farming of livestock.
That leads to the subsequent question, which concerns the assumption that intensive livestock production systems are cruel. This seems to be the implicit and unchallenged assumption that underpins opposition to intensive livestock production, but unfortunately (for anti-livestock proponents) the available science on animal welfare does not support this assumption. As eminent animal science researchers have pointed out in recent research published by the Australian Farm Institute, biological indicators of animal stress (such as plasma cortisol measurements) and animal behaviour indicators do not support the contention that intensive livestock production systems are inherently more stressful for animals than free-range systems. In addition, mortality and disease rates are much higher under free-range conditions, and when offered choice, many farm animals exhibit a preference for housing and shelter, rather than to range freely and be exposed to the elements and potential predators.
The assumption that intensive livestock production systems are automatically more cruel to animals seems to be largely founded in an anthropomorphic assumption about what animals ‘like' or would find less stressful. It is interesting that these assumptions are most frequently made by humans who choose to live in ‘factory housing' in major urban centres.
The underlying moral assumption of many of those opposed to livestock farming (including the author of the article carried in the Sydney Morning Herald) is that those who choose to consume meat are somehow morally inferior – they lack “self-control, empathy, fairness and reason.” Whether this also applies to all other higher order omnivores and carnivores (everything from spiders to lions, tigers, gorillas and sharks) is not canvassed in the discussion. It does however beg the question – is eating meat morally questionable, or is it the manner in which that meat is raised and slaughtered where the moral issue arises?
If the former, then this immediately casts all carnivores and omnivores as morally inferior, although exactly what the ‘moral' basis is for making that judgement is not clear. Presumably, in the eyes of those opposed to meat eating, half of all nature is somehow immoral.
If the latter – that it is the manner of raising and slaughtering meat that brings in the moral issues, than the logic of the arguments about human meat-eaters becoming more cruel and selfish reaches a difficult point. In fact the way in which modern humans produce and slaughter the meat that they eat seems immeasurably less cruel (in terms of subjecting animals to pain and suffering) than the way that predators in nature stalk, kill and consume the meat they need for survival. Modern meat production is also much more efficient and humane than was the case even fifty years ago, and certainly less cruel to animals than the practices of our hunter-gather predecessors.
Ultimately, most people in Australia are fortunate enough to be able to exercise free choice about the food they consume, safe in the knowledge that Australian farmers have some of the highest standards in the world when it comes to freedom from pests and diseases, freedom from chemical and other harmful contaminants, and freedom from animal cruelty. These are not just parroted lines, but are widely recognised characteristics of Australian farm produce in the international marketplaces in which Australian products sell at a considerable premium to those from other nations.
There are a multitude of different reasons that individuals choose whether or not their diet includes meat, eggs, seafood, dairy products or processed foods, and many also exercise choice about whether they prefer organic produce, non-gmo products, or food from a specific region or production system. People are, and should be free to choose what they want to eat, but those who choose to avoid meat should not delude themselves that their dietary choices are somehow morally superior, and nor should they lecture others from this position of delusional moral superiority.
SOME IRISH WATER customers in Dublin are being required to pay for work carried out on areas outside of their homes.
This has happened in certain cases where a connection is located on a householder's property, but the drainage pipe may run for a distance under a public road or footpath before connecting with a sewer.
According to Dublin councillor Paul McAuliffe, councillors in Dublin 9 and Dublin 11 have been informed by Council officials that Irish Water would not be taking responsibility for unblocking drains at a local Council development.
As part of this development, it is claimed that residents in the local area were required to pay for the work to be carried out on footpaths.
In response to this, Irish Water said, “as was the case under the Local Authorities, the repair of drainage pipes is the responsibility of the householder up to the point at which the drainage pipe connects to the public sewer.”
In many cases, this connection is located within the householder's property, however in some cases the drain may run for a distance under a public road or footpath before connecting with the sewer. In this case… by law the householder is responsible for repairs, however where there is a problem, Irish Water will engage and advise on the appropriate course of action.
Speaking about the need for householders to pay for work carried out on public streets, Councillor Paul McAuliffe, said, “it is absolutely crazy to expect householders to take responsibility for unblocking and repairing drains under the public footpath or road.”
I just cannot understand how residents and tenants using a communal drain could be expected to come together and contract a builder to dig up the public road and repair a pipe. It's unbelievable.
- With additional reporting by Cliódhna Russell
CINCINNATI -- Baltimore Orioles third baseman Manny Machado wasn't able to advance out of the first round in Monday night's Home Run Derby at Great American Ball Park, but fantasy owners aren't complaining. The player I named my midseason fantasy MVP, thanks to their top-10 placement on the ESPN Fantasy Player Rater combined with being available in the 10th round of most ESPN average live drafts, has produced wondrous statistics in each of the standard categories. And according to Machado, whom I spoke with at players media availability earlier Monday, it's OK to be a bit surprised.
ESPN + Subscribe to ESPN+ to get access to all premium articles, Fantasy tools, plus thousands of live sporting events and ESPN Originals for just $4.99/mo! Start Your Free Trial Already an ESPN+ subscriber? Log in here.
Next Chapter >
This is a Speedhunters health warning. If you don't like over the top, full-blown builds on outrageous base models, with a sense of humour thrown in that could shock a stand-up then turn away, go on, go back to everything you know and be content. However, if you want to take a trip into a world where excess is not enough and limits don't seem to exist, then welcome. This is Finland.
As part of our Scandinavian theme for July, we wanted to cover as wide of an angle as possible when it came to shooting feature cars. Because of course we want to showcase what's happening up there, but the region isn't defined by one country or one event, which is why I was at the Alastaro Drag Strip, a couple of scenic hours drive north of Helsinki. And as I stood there looking through my lens at the approaching shape I started to smile broadly…
I absolutely love pointless cars and by that I mean the ones that serve no obvious function when you first see them – these are the ones that draw me in. After all, every car that ever rolled off a production line was destined for a wide variety of tasks. Did you ever see an Integra Type R being driven by a grandmother? Of course you did, because anybody could buy them. That's why when you talk to somebody about their project you'll generally get a definitive answer, “I wanted to build a track/drag/race/show* car.” But what would you class this as? Really?
*delete as appropriate
Sure it says Pro Classic on the plates, but is it more Pro Resto? To be honest I don't know why I'm asking these questions of you because I get a certain sense of freedom when I look at this Rolls-Royce. It's a proper why not car. The sort that when people ask the question why?, then the only answer is why not? Because if you try and think of a reason, you'll be hard pressed as to what function it actually serves. But then why wouldn't you want it to exist? There are plenty of bog stock Rolls Royces in the world, there are plenty of Weld Convo Pro wheels, and plenty of blown big block V8s even. What we don't have enough of are those elements combined in one package.
The guys who built this are true craftsmen; running a metal fabrication business called PJP, Petri and Raine produce anything you want in the material. Out of business hours they put the tools to good use though. In fact I cannot recommend highly enough that you take some time out of your busy day and wander through the build shots and other projects the pair have put together, right here.
That day the Rolls was in action as a return tow vehicle for the Team Rust Model A drag car, all steel and all business. I watched as people caught sight of the big British saloon and then spied the drag car behind it. Can we have all of your attention please?
Like I said back at the start, nothing is normal with these guys. That 462ci GM V8 with the 14/71 Mooneyham blower sat on top of it was fitted in the back of a Mk4 Escort van before the Rolls-Royce, and if I've got my information correct after being passed through translation it's also called the middle of a Skoda Estelle home too. So you can start to see that the team have a different way of looking at things.
One thing is for sure – they don't take life too seriously! Look at the beautifully restored body work and trim.
Then the Pro Mod carbon scoop on top of the twin Holley Dominator carbs. It's purely there for looks, but who cares? A normal chrome scoop just wouldn't cut it now would it?
As I looked around the Rolls, I quickly realised it's a massive jigsaw with pieces from different puzzles, making it particularly hard to figure out. Just where do you start with something like this?
Here's what prompted that thought process – the leather headlining and yes I know this is the first time you've seen any of the interior, which is nothing short of jaw dropping. But just momentarily consider this,: how do you go about getting such a complex cage in, sprayed and then the headlining to fit so snugly above it?
Now take a look at this. See what I mean? This really is a complete build. How sumptuous does that leather look? The craftsman at local Finnish furniture company Pohjanmaan got involved with the build and stitched it all together – something the guys are eternally grateful for.
But once again, look at how the metal, leather, wood and carbon fibre all work so well together. And that's not a line of text I thought I'd ever write to be honest.
So this is how they did it: starting with a standard Rolls-Royce Shadow, the pair cut the entire floor out leaving something similar to a remote control car body, just a skin. They then fabricated a full tube chassis.
Which allowed them a free rein when it came to the complexity of the tube – the only limitations being the outline of the bodyshell. So this crazy, over-the-top amount of bars could be expertly welded together without hindrance. With the entire chassis sprayed in the colour you see here, the headlining was then trimmed in an otherwise unfinished bodyshell. It had been prepped for paint, but the final primer and top coat hadn't been applied. But of course the two parts had to be put together then to carry on…
You can see the front end of the new chassis here, with the frame horns coming up towards the engine where they then tie in to the front suspension mounting points before passing through that mass of interior tube and then emerging…
At the back end, forming that all important cage. Another thing that I really like about the colour-matched cage is that it's very much a feature of the build. The Rolls will never run a seven second pass in the form it is today, but the cage makes you feel like it's possible.
The mix of components confused me at first, wildly modified with driver restraint cage and crazy gear specific shifters for the TH400 auto box. But no monster tach on the dash, or aftermarket steering wheel for example. So I tried to look at it as though I'd spent countless hours, evenings and days working on it like the guys did.
That's when it becomes clearer why you'd keep certain elements relatively untouched: firstly it looks good and actually adds to the overall impact because it adds to the air of ‘factory standard'. Secondly because it also keeps the budget down: as I was told by plenty of friends as I shot around the Rolls-Royce, the pair are normal people with normal depth pockets. This is very much about skill and observation, not masses of money.
There are no wild colour choices here, but there is a very subtle two-tone scheme going on. The original mid blue colour was replaced by the heavy metallic Ruby, which when you get up close adds to the custom effect.
So okay it's never going to be confused with stock.
At the back the 12x15in Weld Convo Pro wheels and Hoosier tyres see to that.
With the Mooneyham blower trying to suck the famous flying lady's wings off.
On the move the Rolls attracts so much attention. I know this isn't really surprising but given that we're at a major Finnish drag racing event and there is some seriously impressive machinery here, it's the way that attention manifests itself that strikes me.
People simply stop what they're doing and wave or even applaud – they love it. Gene Winfield even fell under the influence and made a beeline for the Rolls at a custom show last year, signing the centre panel.
I know of at least two other custom Rolls-Royce Shadows in the world: one in the States which deviates even further from original than this one and a drag-specific one in the UK. What I don't think either of those do though is keep the Crewe (where they were made) spirit so intact. There's just something about the way the guys can cut out the inner rear arch to expose the Hoosier tyre, yet make it feel natural, that works for me.
The exhaust note might be loud, but the chrome trim around the wing exit point is a very considered detail and smacks of restrained quality.
I can't remember seeing such a successful mix of styles, materials and finishes in just one build. You'd have to combine a whole car show to get them usually.
But that's what the Rolls are I guess… a whole car show in one bodyshell. It's whatever you want it to be, whatever you need it to be for you. Drag, show, luxury.
But if you're still in any doubt as to what the point of the Rolls-Royce is, I'll try and help lift you from your misery. It's a smile maker. We need no stinking nitrous… Well not inside the luxurious interior at least.
An original '80s brick mobile phone and fake gold bars as wheel chocks? Are you getting it yet?
Plain and simple it will stop you in your tracks, make you point, laugh, smile, applaud and want to know more. Then when you look at it closer you'll realise that unlike a whole load of other very specific project cars, with the Rolls you can do so many things. It's a tow car today but it could also be a drag car. Yet it also works perfectly as a show car. You want to run down to the shops? Okay so maybe that's pushing it… just.
Bryn Musselwhite
Instagram: Speedhunters_bryn
bryn@speedhunters.com
PJP Pro Classic Rolls-Royce
Engine
462ci GM V8, Mooneyham 14/71 Supercharger, full teflon belts, 2×1150 Dominator carbs and 200bhp nitrous
Transmission
Th400 auto box, three levers shifter, Strange shafts
Suspension/Brakes
QA1 suspension kits, BMW E36 components, Wilwood Drag lite discs and calipers
Wheels/Tyres
15×6 (front) and 15×12 (rear) Weld Convo Pro wheels, Hoosier drag slicks
Interior
Full custom leather retrim, original Rolls-Royce steering wheel, full drag spec cage
Exterior
Standard with a hole cut in the bonnet for the supercharger and two in the front wings for the exhausts, two tone metallic paint
More Scandinavian builds on Speedhunters
More Rolls-Royce stories on Speedhunters
Electric Vehicles are Poised for Their ‘Model T' Moment
Share Share Reddit Email Shares 3.0K
When automobiles first debuted in the United States, they faced a classic “chicken and egg” problem. On one hand, autos were custom-made luxury items, affordable only to a niche market of affluent individuals. On the other hand, there was little incentive for most people to buy automobiles in the first place, as the system of roads in America was woefully underdeveloped.
Henry Ford managed to solve the “chicken and egg” problem with the Model T, the first product of its kind to reach the mass market. But today, there's also another auto industry visionary facing a similar challenge in the 21st century: Elon Musk and their company, Tesla.
Similar Tracks
Ford's assembly line and uncomplicated design allowed for cheaper pricing, which helped Ford sales to take off. With many new Model Ts hitting the road, the United States government was able to generate enough revenue from gasoline taxes to enable the sustainable development of roads in the United States.
More roads meant a renewed desire for more Model Ts to populate those roads, and so on. This was the start of a trend that sees 253 million cars on American roads a century later.
Cost and Infrastructure: Dueling Priorities
Fast-forward to today, and vehicle buyers have concerns not unlike those of early automobile adopters at the turn of the 20th century. Aside from the price of purchasing a new vehicle, most prospective buyers of electric vehicles cite charging availability and maximum travelling range as their biggest challenges.
Fortunately, EV prices are already falling due to advancements in the production of one of their key components: the lithium-ion battery packs that power them.
At one point, battery packs made up one-third of the costs for a new vehicle, but battery costs have dropped precipitously since 2010. That said, automakers like Tesla will need to continue to make progress here if they hope to match the growth and saturation of their forebears at the turn of the 20th century.
Charging Ahead of Demand
A study by the National Science Foundation's INSPIRE Project found that the current amount of money disbursed as tax credits to new electric vehicle buyers (currently up to $7,500 per vehicle) would have been sufficient to build 60,000 new charging points nationwide.
The growth of charging station infrastructure is already astonishing. New public outlets have been added at a 65.3% CAGR between 2011 and 2016, and further growth will open even more roads to long-distance EV travel and network effects.
According to the math of the study, new charge stations would have a bigger effect on the EV market than the tax credits, and could have increased EV sales by five times the amount.
In short, charging stations will be to Tesla what roads were to Ford: the means by which they can reach lofty new heights of market dominance. Infrastructure development may be the “push” that electric vehicles need to get them over the early adoption barrier and into the mainstream. Combined with falling costs and improved efficiency, electric vehicles could create a Ford-like transformation within the automotive industry in a very short time.
Related
Upcoming feature film “Scouts vs Zombies' is now casting actors in the Los Angeles area.
Christopher Landon is directing the horror comedy. The movie centers on the eve of their last camp out, three scouts discover the true meaning of friendship when they attempt to save their town from a zombie outbreak. Morgan will play the nerd in the group who is is secure in their comfort zone, but awkward to the rest of the world. Todd Garner, Andy Fickman, Betsy Sullenger and Bryan Brucks are producing.
Sande Alessi Casting is looking for overweight kids ages 9 to 14 for scenes in the movie. Filming will take place on April 23rd in Los Angeles.
For more details, see the casting call below:
SAG OR NON UNION CASTING NOTICE-Shoots on “Scouts Vs. Zombies” Shoots on 4-23-14 in Los Angeles. Rate is 158/8. If child is not work permitted, we still have time to get a permit. Must live in the LA area to work on this show. Overweight Boy: Age 9-14 years old – MUST be overweight. Please email a photo, age of child and contact info for parent to: [email protected] Subject line should read: CHUBBY BOY
Don't forget to leave us a comment below!
Source: Sande Alessi Casting
King-hit death sparks Kings Cross clean-up plan
Updated
Sydney City Council has released a plan to fix Kings Cross following the king-hit killing of teenager Thomas Kelly.
After a week of negative news following the death of Kelly and also a glassing at a hotel on Darlinghurst Road last night, the council has released an action plan and called on the New South Wales Government to back it.
Mr Kelly, 18, died after an unprovoked attack that happened as they walked through Kings Cross last Saturday night.
In a statement, Lord Mayor Clover Moore said the State Government needed to do more to solve the problems at the Cross.
"We all know what needs to be done and we need the State Government to work with us to turn things around. It's time for the Premier to use their power to make real change at the Cross possible," they said.
"The City has been making changes in Kings Cross for two years and we have 30 different projects underway, such as late-night ambassadors in the peak summer period.
"However we have limited power when it comes to the big issues that make real differences like licensing and transport."
Under the plan, which would be coordinated at state level, there would be major events-style policing on Friday and Saturday nights, the council would have the power to limit licensed premises and there would be a range of measures to improve transport to and from the area.
Councillor Moore says a lack of transport options is at the heart of the problem and has proposed a "sprint" service that would shuttle people from the Cross to Town Hall for connecting buses home.
"Much of the violence and anti-social behaviour in Kings Cross stems from having large numbers of people spilling out onto the streets at one time with no transport to get them home," they said.
"Our proposal for a 'Late Night City Sprint service' trial would bring people from Kings Cross to Town Hall, where it would feed into an upgraded Night Ride bus service to deliver people home safely.
"It would be a one-way, five-minute trip that would get a huge number of people out of the Cross, where they are currently stranded."
They also say the area has too many venues, and the State Government needs to rethink licensing laws to reduce the glut.
"The saturation of licensed venues in Kings Cross is serious. Current planning laws mean the city can't refuse a development application for a new venue when an area has reached saturation point," they said.
"We need the State Government to change the Liquor and Planning Acts so councils can say when an area has enough late night venues – when enough is enough."
The NSW Police Association has also called for restrictions on the number of licensed premises in the Cross, and police also want increased powers to curb anti-social behaviour.
'We'll get him'
Police meanwhile say they are a step closer to catching the man who hit Mr Kelly.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Murdoch says the man responsible should expect a knock on their front door before long.
"We've received more information overnight. From that information we have developed a number of very promising, very solid lines of inquiry," they said.
"I am very confident that we will get who is responsible for this.
"Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not next week, but we'll get him."
Mr Kelly's devastated parents Kathy and Ralph have previously called for the man behind the attack to come forward.
"Somebody out there must know them and that they would actually come forward and put their name forward to the police," Ralph Kelly told 7.30.
"Because we can't have people like this in our society walking around aimlessly punching people."
The teenager's death has renewed debate about how to control violence and criminal behaviour in Kings Cross.
Topics: crime, law-crime-and-justice, police, antisocial-behaviour, local-government, government-and-politics, kings-cross-2011, nsw, australia, bowral-2576
First posted
An online poster claiming to be responsible for a massacre threat at Montgomery High School has written a long apology on The Gazette website - describing their actions as “incredibly stupid.”
The internet user, under the name ‘The Real John Smith', posted an apparent confession on The Gazette website on the day more than 1,000 pupils stayed away from the Bispham school.
A threat to ‘massacre' students was made over the weekend, although police later dismissed the claims as ‘non-credible'.
Police stood guard at the school this week as just 268 children turned up on Monday, despite reassurances from police and headteacher Tony Nicholson.
Lancashire Police has confirmed it is now investigating the below ‘confession' as it pursues a “number of lines of enquiry”
The message read as follows:
PLEASE just forget about the threats. I am a bullied student at Montgomery, I did start the threats but they are NOT genuine; I simply wanted to shock the school into handling the bullies.
It was the stupidest decision I've ever made, I've wasted time, money, and panicked people for no reason. I'll always regret this and now I genuinely feel like I'm worse than the bullies. I've been having such a tough time with the school ignoring me when I tell them I'm being bullied, especially considering it first started about 2 years ago and I've been reporting it around once a month since.
I only wanted to scare the bullies, and make the teachers wake up. I did NOT want attention, I did NOT want news coverage. This whole thing was a gigantic mistake and I'm incredibly sorry for my actions.
The bullies have honestly made me consider suicide in the past, but I'm hanging on for now. I really feel like this could push me over the edge if I have to do police interviews and get plastered over the news as a terrorist and potentially get arrested. I seriously can't handle that so please just consider this from a 15 year olds point of view that's getting bullied. I know that's no excuse, but it's too late to undo the damage.
I consider myself as above average intelligence, but my actions over the past week are the least intelligent actions I've committed or even seen for a long time. I know I broke the law and caused a lot of trouble, but I really can't handle the consequences. I know I should've thought about that before I made the threats, but I was just so angry and frustrated that I'd have to start a new year in the same school full of bullying and torment; just the thought of myself going through that again for another year was terrifying and I just had to do something. Unfortunately I decided to do something incredibly stupid.
I'm SO sorry, and I really wish people will forgive me for my actions. I just wanted to do something about the bullies because all other channels of communication were ignored. I thought scaring the bullies and the teachers would simply sort out the bullying problem and then everyone would just move on; I was incredibly wrong.
I'm sorry.
There's no need to worry about me or Monty.
Related stories
Blackpool high school head in Facebook warning to pupils
Facebook slammed after shut-down snub
Montgomery head: ‘We want more people in tomorrow'
Massacre threat school: ‘Police confident web posts are not credible'
Police guard Blackpool school following online gun threat
Eight in 10 chairs left empty at ‘massacre' threat school
Police: ‘Important' Montgomery opened this morning
Smashed windows at school ‘not linked' to massacre threat
Last week, India's selectors decided to rest allrounder Hardik Pandya from the first two Tests against Sri Lanka. A BCCI media release said the decision was taken in consultation with the team management to help reduce the chance of injury. On Monday, Pandya revealed that they had requested the time off himself.
"To be honest, I asked for it, because my body was not alright," they told CNN-News 18. "I want to play cricket when I'm totally fit and I'm giving my 100% and I was not able to give that because of a few niggles here and there, which is bound to happen because of the amount of cricket which I have played over this one year."
Since the start of the Champions Trophy, Pandya has played 30 of 33 matches for India, across formats. In fact, over the past five months, no one has bowled more than their 147.2 overs in ODI cricket. The burden of such a workload took a toll on him, Pandya said, especially in light of their limited experience in the game.
The 24-year old had only played 13 first-class, 10 List A and 28 T20 matches prior to their elevation to international cricket. Although they did quite well to shoulder a frontline allrounder's responsibilities - Pandya scored a century on their first Test tour and won the Player-of-the-Series award in the ODIs against Australia - it was also difficult.
"I have played 30 ODIs, 25 T20Is and three Test matches in one-and-a half-years," they said. "I have not played this much cricket in my total cricketing career in such a short time. As an allrounder, it's difficult. I do my bowling, I do my batting, I do fielding as well, and managing my workload is very important right now because I have not played much cricket in my life."
In the weeks they will spend away from the Indian team, Pandya hopes to better their fitness and also prepare for the tour of South Africa that begins with the New Year's Test on January 5. "I'm lucky that I got this rest. Actually, rest means I'm going to train in the gym and improve my fitness and again come back properly fit. I'm pretty excited about the South Africa series. I wanted that break to get super fit for the South Africa series and then I can bounce back quickly.
"People keep on talking about away series. People keep on talking about England tours, South Africa tours, Australia tours, which is important, which is hard. I like these kinds of challenges I keep on getting in my life. That keeps me going all the time. It may be an important thing for me, important to have an allrounder who can contribute in bowling and batting both. I might be the difference, let's see. I've never played in South Africa. I'm pretty sure we're going to do well."
There has been some criticism, though, with regard to why a young player, only starting out their international career, was being handled so delicately. Pandya, however, isn't paying any mind to that. "Let's be honest. It doesn't matter what they think. What matters is what the management thinks and what I think is important for me."
Thank you to all of the Parade Entries, Volunteers and Sponsors of the 2017 Boulevard BOO! Parade. This year was the Best EVER and you made it that! See below for information about this year's parade including Announcers, Sponsors and the Parade Entry Awards celebrating the efforts of the “Best-of” in their category.
Click Here for Photos of the 2017 BOO! Parade!
Photo Credit: J.Dixx Photography!
We are sad to announce that the Boulevard BOO! Parade will not be held in 2018
It is with a very sad heart that we must announce the end of an era as the Boulevard BOO! Parade will not be held in 2018. If circumstances change in the future, the parade may return to El Cajon Boulevard as “San Diego's ONLY Halloween Parade!”
We thank all who have supported the event over the past 13 years. We are especially grateful for all of the local businesses who have been sponsors, the hundreds of parade entries and the thousands who have volunteered to make the event a true community event.
2017 Parade Announcers
Announcer Stand: Duet Coffee (6526 El Cajon Boulevard): Nina Garin produces and edits the KPBS/Arts calendar. They also write the weekly KPBS/Arts Newsletter and produces arts segments for Midday Edition. Nina is a native San Diegan, raised in Chula Vista and Tijuana, who was exposed to local arts at an early age. Nina earned their English degree at San Diego State University! Nina has two daughters who study ballet, piano, and musical theater. They spend their free time pinning hair buns and perfecting stage makeup. Them husband, Matthew, is also a writer. Get to know more about Nina by visiting KPBS's website.
Announcer Stand: Social Tap (4800 Art Street):
Dave Mason is heard weekdays from 5:30am -10am on Sunny 98.1 FM. Dave is radio legend here in America's Finest City with over 18 years behind the microphone! Also, he's a proud supporter of many beloved organizations such as The San Diego Humane Society and Rady Children's Hospital. Dave is thrilled to be part of this year's Boo Parade! Get to know Dave by visiting Sunny 98.1‘s website.
Announcer Stand: Trujillo's Restaurant ( 6450 El Cajon Boulevard): Nicole Ries is the production Manager of our own Moxie Theatre (6663 El Cajon Boulevard). MOXIE Theatre is a professional non-profit theater founded by the critically acclaimed group of performers and directors; Jo Anne Glover, Liv Kellgren, Delicia Turner Sonnenberg and Jennifer Eve Thorn in 2005. MOXIE's mission is to create more diverse and honest images of women for our culture using the art of theater. Learn more about Moxie Theatre on their Website.
Announcer Stand: BLVD63 (6353 El Cajon Boulevard):
Mark Maisonneuve is a local video producer with MC experience throughout San Diego. This is their second BOO! Parade gig, and we are so pleased to have them back! Make them feel welcomed and have fun with their announcer stylings!
Announcer Stand: Effin's Pub (6164 El Cajon Boulevard): FM949's Midday Personality, Alyssa Haberman is heard every weekday from 9am – 2pm. When Alyssa is away from the studio, you can find them at the beach and local music venues. This year marks Alyssa's first Boo Parade – she's excited to help announce at this festive annual event! Get to know Alyssa better, on 94.9FM's Website. Announcer Stand: Jersey Mike's Sub Shop (6083 El Cajon Boulevard): KSON's “Producer Steph” is the genius behind John & Tammy in the Morning. The show is heard every weekday from 5am – 9am. Steph Peters is not only busy at work, but at home too. She's an awesome wife and mother to three adorable children. Producer Steph wishes everyone a fun and safe Boo Parade 2017!
2017 Boulevard BOO! Parade Award Winners
The Shiv Sena may have declared its support for Marathi mulgi Devyani Khobragade and demanded that India retaliate strongly to the affront of their arrest, but the party also wasted no time in lashing out at the Indian diplomat's father Uttam Khobragade when they suggested that the Marathi media were looking at this case through a casteist lens. "It's their mental bankruptcy," said an editorial in Monday's issue of the Saamna newspaper, the party's mouthpiece.
At a press conference in Delhi's Maharashtra Sadan, after it was clear that Devyani would be returning to India, Khobragade responded to a question about them owning a flat in the controversial Adarsh society despite being ineligible for it by calling the Marathi media casteist. They reportedly raged against the Marathi press, and threatened to not keep them informed about their daughter's arrival in India.
The media, including the Marathi newspapers and TV channels, have played a stellar role in exposing the alleged role of a range of people now named in the Adarsh Inquiry Commission's report -- from bureaucrat Jayraj Phatak to former chief ministers Ashok Chavan and Sushilkumar Shinde. "It's because the Marathi media pursued the issue aggressively that two chief ministers had to resign. In fact Ashok Chavan's political career was destroyed," the editorial says.
How a well-educated person such as Uttam Khobragade cannot rid their mind of casteism is surprising, the editorial continues.
The senior Khobragade, a retired IAS officer, is widely believed to be looking for a career in politics. They have themselves confirmed that they are in talks with political parties for a ticket to contest the general elections in 2014.
Early last week, Khobragade also staged a protest outside the US Consulate along with a group of acrtivists from a Maharashtra-based Dalit organisation.
Khobragade, a Dalit and an officer of the 1984 batch, was in the news when their daughter Devyani acquired a flat in the Adarsh building during their tenure as chief of the Brihanmumbai Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport undertaking. With the BEST having transferred some floor space index to facilitate a taller Adarsh building, questions were raised on the propriety of the decision.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Warning Navjot Singh Sidhu against the Aam Aadmi Party's “use and throw” policy, the party's suspended MPs Dharamvir Gandhi from Patiala and Harinder Singh Khalsa from Fatehgarh Sahib Monday said, “Sidhu will extremely regret their decision if they join AAP”.
Advertising
Speaking to The Indian Express, Gandhi and Khalsa, who were suspended from the party more than a year ago for “anti-party activities” and on whose fate party chief Arvind Kejriwal is yet to take any decision, said: “Sidhu must not forget the AAP's habit of dumping old faces every few months and then shopping for new ones.”
Watch | Navjot Singh Sidhu Quits Rajya Sabha: What Next
Gandhi also questioned as to why “Sidhu was quiet and watching the entire SAD-BJP drama for almost 15 years now” and “just before polls, Punjab has become a priority for him”.
[related-post]
“Sidhu was working with the BJP, without any hesitation or burden, since 15 years. Why was Punjab not their priority for these 15 years? It is sheer opportunism now to enter AAP before polls. If they join AAP, they will soon regret it. The party is no longer the same as it was when founded,” said Gandhi.
WATCH VIDEO:Keystrokes: Navjot Singh Sidhu's Reverse Sweep
They also said “Navjot Kaur Sidhu always had better credentials than their husband”. “The woman has constantly raised their voice against SAD hooliganism,” said Gandhi. “Sidhu must remember Yogendra Yadav, Prashant Bhushan, Dr Daljit Singh, Jassi Jasraj, (Harinder) Khalsa saab and me. I won't be surprised if they (Sidhu) is thrown out in a similar way,” they said.
Fatehgarh Sahib MP Harinder Singh Khalsa said “it was unethical on Sidhu's part to ditch their mother party (BJP) and they will regret their decision to join AAP”. “I have no love for BJP but it is the party that nurtured them as a leader. It is an old habit of Kejriwal who feels that old faces are redundant and they go for shopping new ones every few months,” said Khalsa.
Watch Video: What's making news
Advertising
“I have nothing personal against Sidhu. I am fan of their extraordinary satire and oratorical skills. But resigning as MP is sheer opportunism,” said Khalsa.
Jamie is 13 and hasn't even kissed a girl. But he's now on the Sex Offender Register after online porn warped their mind...
Jamie was ten years old when they saw their first pornographic sex scene. During a sleepover, a classmate offered to show them ‘some funny pictures' on their laptop.
‘At first I found it a bit scary and a bit yucky,' Jamie told me as they shifted uncomfortably on their chair during our therapy session.
‘I didn't know it was possible for people to do this sort of things — and there were lots of nasty close-ups. But it gave me funny feelings and the pictures started to stick in my head.'
Porn: Jamie watched their first pornographic sec scene when they were aged just 10 - and they became hooked (file photo)
For the next three years, while their parents assumed they were using their computer for their homework, Jamie visited porn websites for up to two hours a night.
Even when their school performance began to suffer, they had no idea of the murky world their shy, quiet son was inhabiting while upstairs in their bedroom.
While it's not their real name, Jamie is typical of the young men I meet. They explained: ‘The websites led me to other websites and soon I was looking at even weirder stuff I could never have imagined — animals, children, stabbing and strangling.
‘I stopped leaving my room and seeing my friends because when I was away from the pornography, I was dying to get back to see what else I could find.'
And it was only when the police came knocking one morning that Jamie's secret life was exposed.
After identifying that someone in the house was accessing child porn, they took Jamie's laptop away for examination. Jamie is only 13 — and they still haven't even kissed a girl, let alone had sex.
Though they are only a child himself, the result is that they have been put on the Sex Offender Register, blighting their life for the foreseeable future.
Even with intensive therapy, Jamie still suffers from deep shame — ‘as if it is written across my forehead' — which has led them to fear they will never be able to form a healthy relationship with a woman.
Unhealthy habit: Jamie is only 13 and is a porn addict. There are many teenagers like them (file photo)
As they told me at a recent session: ‘It still makes me think I might never have a proper girlfriend — because the pictures still come back to me sometimes. It make me want to shout, “Stop, stop.” But sometimes they still won't go away.'
Jamie's story is not unique.  They are just one of the growing number of young patients referred by social services, youth offender services and police to the Portman Clinic — where I work as a psychotherapist. I would never normally consider speaking out in this way. But after much thought, I have come to the conclusion this is no longer just a private problem. It is a public health problem.
For the past 70 years our services, which are part of the Tavistock and Portman NHS Trust, have been available to anyone who has committed any kind of offence.
But an increasingly large part of our caseload is taken up with young people whose behaviour has become out of control due, largely, to compulsive internet porn use.
This year alone, this has included 50 referrals of children under 18, and that's just for North London, where we are based.
Yet even though we are one of the very few units in the country dealing with these issues, funding cuts mean mental health services are having to make drastic efficiency savings that significantly reduce our service.
Supervised internet use: Boy and father using laptop together
Our patients are the young people for whom seeing thousands upon thousands of sexually explicit images is still not enough.
I regularly see boys as young as 12 who have convictions for looking at child porn because they did not realise they had crossed the line.
I also treat children who are so frustrated at being unable to live out their fantasies in everyday life — and so confused by the message of endless sexual availability on the web — that they have committed rapes or sexual assaults.
Another example would be Paul, 12. They have been referred to us because their obsessive sexual viewing habits have now spilled into the real world.
At school, they have been repeatedly exposing themselves to teachers and other pupils in lessons.
And, at home, their appalled mother has found them walking around the house naked in a constant state of sexual excitement.
Another case is Andrew, aged 13, who was referred to the clinic because they have been abusing their five-year-old half-sister. Due to their two years of constant porn use, they have built up a complex fantasy world — so it was no big step for them to try to involve them
Our research at the clinic has found that although the internet doesn't create these problems, it can release interests which would never have surfaced otherwise.
Without virtual pornography, it's my belief that Andrew would not have acquired their compulsion to abuse, let alone dreamt up the idea of involving their sister.
One of my regular patients, Jude, was referred to me at the age of 18 by social workers who were concerned that years of web porn use had not only made them socially isolated but a danger to others, too.
Safe: The main mobile phone operators implemented the technology to filter most pornographic and other adult-only content eight years ago
When a girl they liked did not return their feelings, they told me: ‘I feel like stabbing her.' They also threatened to kill themselves because they felt they would never be able to have a normal relationship, and admitted they liked ‘seeing women being hurt'.
A particular scenario they enjoyed thinking about was a man grabbing a woman's throat and punching them in the face.
Chillingly, they had already taken to following women late at night, and maintained they would become more of a risk to them if they were forced to give up watching porn.
All these cases are only the tip of the iceberg. For every young person who has come to the attention of police or social services, there will be tens of thousands more who manage to keep their habit under wraps — but who still face long-term consequences for their mental and emotional health. After all, we are rearing a guinea pig generation — a generation of boys and young men raised in a world where internet porn is freely on offer at any time.
Of course, critics who oppose restrictions will say pornography has always been with us; young boys have always looked at risque magazines.
Yet the advent of the internet — and particularly broadband over the past decade — means that never in human history has such a vast and relentless amount of it been so easily and freely available to all.
'Our research at the clinic has found that although the internet doesn't create these problems, it can release interests which would never have surfaced otherwise.'
According to a cross-party parliamentary report, published last week, the scale of the exposure is so vast that four out of five 16-year-olds regularly access porn online — while one in three ten-year-olds has seen explicit material.
It means any child who has started to feel vaguely curious about sex can tap that same three-letter word into a search engine, and in a split second have access to thousands of graphic video clips.
As a therapist, I am convinced that these images can be deeply traumatising to children — not least because a competitive market means that pornographers are trying to outdo each other to come up with the most extreme images.
This contest to push the boundaries means that straight intercourse is considered too boring. Images of brutal anal sex and women being humiliated and degraded by two or more men at any one time are the new norms.
For many young boys, this means their first sexual experience is not a nervously negotiated request for a dance from a girl at the end of the school disco. It is watching grotesquely degrading images of women, all too often mixed in with violent abuse.
But because most parents are so uncomfortable with a child's developing sexuality, few warn them about porn before they see it — or can face up to the fact they might be watching it. As a result, children don't know that pornography is fiction and they naturally assume it's what grown-ups do. Because it's freely available, they think it must therefore be OK.
But once these brutal images have formed a child's first sex lesson, in my experience, they can be difficult to erase. The more hardcore the material, the more intense and long-lasting the effects.
Of course, a lot will depend on the particular vulnerability — and developmental stage — of the child. But, inevitably, some of the kids who regularly see such scenes will become conditioned to being aroused by only the most extreme practices at a critical state of their sexual development.
'The advent of the internet — and particularly broadband over the past decade — means that never in human history has such a vast and relentless amount of pornography been so easily and freely available to all.'
Instead of seeking out meaningful, romantic relationships, voyeurism may also become their substitute.
Many of the boys I treat stop going out and seeing friends, and drop out of school because life seems easier and more gratifying in front of a computer screen.
I have treated patients who can easily spend up to six hours a day compulsively viewing porn.
Research by the Oxford University neuroscientist and former director of the Royal Institution, psychologist Susan Greenfield, has found that intense internet use alters brain chemistry, encouraging instant gratification and making young people more self-centred.
It has also been linked to mental disorders such as autism, attention deficit disorder and hyperactivity, and, once addiction takes hold, young people's lives can become seriously derailed.
Evidence has found they become more prone to ‘real world' violence, and less able to emphathise.
Adult images: Middle class children often have computers in their rooms - allowing them to view anything without their parents realising
What's more, it is also from porn that boys are forming their views of what women should look like, and how they should behave sexually. I hear young boys routinely refer to girls as ‘bitches' who need to be dominated.
They bemoan the fact that they can't go out with ‘real' girls because they ‘want things'.
In other words, females who exist outside of cyberspace have needs of their own that boys resent having to consider.
But there are also worrying signs that girls' behaviour is also being affected. Although almost all my patients are young males, one of them is a 15-year-old schoolgirl, who was referred to the clinic after posing for explicit images.
While it is true that children in families with weak parenting and fewer boundaries are more at risk, the therapists at our clinic also see plenty of youngsters from well-off, middle-class families.
In studies, these are the youngsters more likely to have computers in their rooms, who have more advanced skills with which to navigate the internet, and who are most likely to own smartphones — from which internet sex can be easily accessed.
One of my patients, the son of a wealthy business person, had their A-level year wrecked and only narrowly escaped prison after they felt compulsively drawn to tracking down the most extreme sexual practices they could find.
Again, the family — who had no idea of their son's activities — received a knock on the door from police who had discovered that child porn images were being accessed by someone in their home. They seized every mobile phone and computer in the house.
With so much pornography use among our children, it may seem astonishing that most parents simply have no idea of what their children are doing.
'One of my patients, the son of a wealthy business person, had their A-level year wrecked and only narrowly escaped prison after they felt compulsively drawn to tracking down the most extreme sexual practices they could find.'
Yet most remain in denial, despite the fact that the largest consumer group for internet pornography is children between 12 and 17.
In my experience, even savvy mums and dads can be terrified of laying a single finger on their child's computer — for fear of breaking something, ‘messing it up' or invading their offspring's privacy.
But the reality is that leaving children to their own devices is no better than letting your child cross the road wearing a blindfold.
In the Seventies and Eighties, parents were urged to ask: ‘Do you know where your child is?'
The urgent question parents should now ask is: ‘Do you know where your child is going online?' because, in my view, where they wander on the web is potentially more dangerous.
Parents must wake up to the fact that they need to regain their authority — and not be scared of laying down controls.
But it's never going to be possible to apply filters to every smartphone — or every computer your child uses. This is where the internet service providers must come in.
MP Claire Perry and their parliamentary colleagues want the internet service providers to make porn something you have to opt in for — not something that is automatically available on your computer whether you want it or not.
After all, when magazines were the main way for people to access porn, our society never allowed them to be legally sold to minors.
In our culture, drink and cigarettes are also banned from sale to children because we know all too well the harmful effects.
As a therapist, I believe the internet has now been around long enough for us to see the toll that unregulated sexual imagery is having on our children.
Young people may become child-abusers while they are still children themselves.
Boys and young men may come to prefer simulated sexual relationships with porn stars rather than real women.
I have counselled enough damaged children to know that just as our society protects them from booze and smoking by imposing age limits, the time has now come for us to protect them from web pornography, too.
The names of patients in this article have been changed, and their identities disguised.
The Golden State Warriors barely escaped from what would have been their first loss of the playoffs to the San Antonio Spurs in Game 1 with a 113-111 win.
This game wasn't theirs to take until Kawhi Leonard went down with an ankle injury that caused them to leave the game in the third quarter. Leonard's absence sparked a 18-0 run, and a slow and steady comeback paced the way for a back-and-forth fourth quarter until Stephen Curry found their rhythm and outlasted the Spurs.
It wasn't enough for Golden State to worry, but this was a serious wake-up call for a team that largely cruised its way through two opening-round sweeps. If Leonard is able to return in this series, the Warriors will have to earn three more wins, and that gets tougher on the road.
The Spurs' system is what it is, and Curry themselves agreed after the game that even without Leonard, it stays the same. That's how a Dejounte Murray-Jonathon Simmons lineup was able to hold its own against a quartet of All-Stars.
The Spurs were tremendous defensively in the first half
Golden State's offense was brutal to watch in the opening half. They scored just 42 points in the half, their fewest of the playoffs, and the Spurs turned 10 turnovers into 19 points.
The Warriors had trouble spacing the floor, and the Spurs flooded the perimeter to allow just nine first-half three-point attempts. Even 39-year-old Manu Ginobili stayed active enough to snag three steals and pull into the top 10 in that category in the playoffs for their career.
Sometimes it wasn't even a matter of San Antonio forcing a miscue, it was the Warriors making their own mistakes. Without open shooters around the arc, Golden State was out of its element driving and kicking, and often forced what wasn't there. That's what San Antonio does, and the opening 24 minutes should cause concern for Warriors fans.
The Warriors still have those former MVPs though
Both Kevin Durant and Curry got off to rough starts, but were incredible in the second half. Curry appeared to be nursing a wrist injury on the sidelines, and that may have been the reason for a handful of airballs, but as a whole they shot 14-of-26 for the game to score 40 points. They also hit the dagger to put the Spurs away.
Durant remembered their length when their team needed them to score, and cruised their way through the paint with series of eurosteps and finishes around the rim. They went for 34 points on 11-of-21 shooting.
A masterful opening 24 minutes like how the Spurs played would have been too much for almost any other team to come back from even after Leonard's injury. Golden State isn't just any team, though. No lead ever feels large enough, and wins are never real until the clock strikes 0:00. The Durant-Curry duo got the job done in time, like they usually do.
What did Game 1 show?
All eyes will be on Leonard's injury. With them out, it's tough to see how the Spurs are going to compete for a full 48 minutes. If he's healthy enough to go, this was a serious wake-up call for a Warriors team that cake-walked its way through the Portland Trail Blazers and Utah Jazz.
LaMarcus Aldridge is on their game again, and Murray and Simmons were contributors with Ginobili as a real third scorer. Defensively, the Spurs locked down the Warriors better than any team has, and Leonard was well on their way to a 40-point night. This game could have gone much differently had Zaza Pachulia held their foot back from Leonard's awkward landing.
A lot is uncertain as we await clarity on the injury. But either way, this won't be an easy sweep for the Warriors.
With the Federal Reserve powerless to do much more than it already is, the best route to faster U.S. economic growth is through non-monetary policy approaches such as immigration and tax reform, a top Fed official argued on Monday.
In a 5,100-word essay released just after midnight, Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari noted that the U.S. labor market is "closer to normal" but that inflation is still below the Fed's 2-percent target and economic growth is well below precrisis norms.
"Monetary policy is largely doing what it can to support a robust recovery, and what remains are fiscal and regulatory policies," Kashkari wrote in the essay, published on the last day before Fed officials enter a weeklong communications blackout prior to each policy-setting meeting.
Fed policymakers next meet on Sept. 20-21.
Kashkari sketched out a wide range of possible reasons for slow U.S. economic growth, concluding that the most likely causes are an aging population, psychological scarring from the financial crisis that makes households and businesses unwilling to take risks, and "lackluster technological innovation."
To address those problems, they said, the government could boost spending on basic research, rebuild worn-out infrastructure, streamline regulations and the tax code, and otherwise take small steps with little downside risk and plenty of potential.
"Another promising policy is immigration reform, especially for high-skilled workers," Kashkari wrote.
But government, and the Fed, should be wary of policy change that poses too much potential for harm, they argued. Raising the Fed's inflation target is one such approach, they suggested; massive government spending is another.
"I am skeptical that a large-scale expansion of government spending by itself is the best way forward, since larger fiscal deficits will lead to higher expected future taxes, which could further undermine private sector confidence," they wrote.
Fed officials in recent months have stepped up calls for structural fixes to the economic doldrums, saying that monetary policy alone is not enough.
EXCLUSIVE: Neel Kashkari will appear on CNBC's "Squawk Box" at 8 a.m. ET Monday.
Wall Street protesters: “The whole system is broken”
By a WSWS reporting team
3 October 2011
On Friday over 3,000 people marched to New York Police Department headquarters to protest the over 80 arrests and pepper-spraying of unresisting demonstrators the week before. Dominating the march were large numbers of young people whose futures have been gravely undermined by the economic crisis and the response of the political elite to it. The World Socialist Web Site spoke to a number of them.
Xenia Ellenbogen, a student from the New School in New York City, spoke to the WSWS in Liberty Plaza shortly before Friday's march at Police Headquarters at One Police Plaza.
“I was pretty disgusted with Officer Bologna's pepper spraying those women when they weren't doing anything wrong. This is while the Wall Street bankers get away with everything they are doing. I'm hoping the press coverage of Officer Bologna will reduce the police brutality. I think the more people we have protesting, the better chance we have.
Xenia Ellenbogen
“I don't know what Obama is doing about these things. I have about had it with Obama after the execution of Troy Davis. Carrying out the death sentence against Troy Davis is inhumane and racist. The fact that the death penalty continues to exist is unethical and appalling.
“The wars that are going on are pointless. I don't believe in killing. The fact that wars are still going on is a sad reality. I don't think the bombing that is going on in Libya is justified on the humanitarian grounds that they claim. Using humanitarian and war in the same sentence is oxymoronic.
“I think the corporations and banks had a lot to do with the economic crisis. I don't think there is a recovery. In my family, we lived a comfortable life before the economic crisis. Now, my dad doesn't have the opportunity to switch jobs so they are stuck in a job they hate so they can continue to pay the mortgage. The economy I support is one where everyone would have what they need to live comfortably, and they could do what they love.
“There will be a lot of people in other states occupying places in their states like here. I think it is good we don't have a central demand. This adds to the fact that this could be a revolution. I think it could take a revolution to change things.”
Mariah Bracken and three other students traveled up from Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond on Thursday night to join the protest.
Mariah Bracken
Mariah said, “I think the police attack on the demonstration last Saturday is completely unacceptable. These are our rights. These are our rights to free speech, and nobody should interfere with these rights. I understand the police need and want to protect and keep order, but the way they are doing it is all wrong. Going into demonstrations undercover and pretending to be part of the demonstration is not fair to the people who want to speak out.
“I think conditions are going to continue with few jobs and cuts to education. We need to keep standing up, and we need to keep going. We may not get change right away. We are a generation of instant gratification, but we need to see that things take time. We need to understand our context. We need to understand our historical context and re-evaluate our situation. I do think people need to re-evaluate what they believe and what the two parties stand for.”
Jenelle Tisdale attended the demonstration to protest police brutality and show their solidarity with the Occupy Wall Street demonstrators.
"I'm still living with my parents because I can't afford to move out. All my friends are in the same situation with only a few exceptions. We all were told if you work hard and get an education, that would lead to a good job. But where is it? I've got experience and a college education, but there's nothing but low wage jobs.
Jenelle
"The whole system is broken and needs to be reformed. I don't want to stop until something happens. I think everyone needs to shut down the whole city till we get some agreement--jobs that pay, an end to the wars, basically a future for this generation and the next."
Abraham Crook and a friend came from Philadelphia to support the Occupy Wall Street movement.
"I am a student at Drexel University,” they said, “where I am also working in a materials engineering coop, that is part of the engineering program. I am paying $50,000 a year just to insure myself a job after graduation. I have $60,000 in loans already and I am only in my second year.
"I see a need existing for a long time to show big business and government that we have a voice, many voices, to start saying Wall Street and their power are ruining this country. It has become a country of corporate greed instead of freedom and people's voices. I felt this almost hopelessness that things will be getting worse while the top one percent benefits and lives prosperously.
"People in Philadelphia are just finding out now about the Occupy Wall Street movement because of the media blackout, and in New York too many people do not know about it.
“The top one percent has the money. They say, it will trickle down but it never does.”
Michael told us, “I found out about these protests on the Internet. And after considering the facts I decided to get involved. The facts are that these corporate bosses are getting tax subsidies all year round, despite the fact that they are earning millions of dollars per year. In the meantime, taxes have increased and will continue to increase on ordinary workers like me. There is something seriously wrong with that. They are treating us like suckers.
“I think the Obama administration is really Bush's third administration. Obama has simply allowed Wall Street to step all over them while continuing to pump billions of dollars into military activity. The Obama administration has simply failed.
“The only solution is to show the banks how serious we are about these protests by staying here indefinitely. That's what I intend to do.”
Elena Spence
Elena Spence works at a café in New York City, and has a three year old son. They explained, “I was at Occupy Wall Street last week, and I was on the march Saturday. I was netted in and couldn't get out with the women who were pepper sprayed. We were kettled in on a sidewalk near a Pizza Shop on 12th St., I believe. Kettling is being captured and controlled in the orange plastic net. The police put it around the people on the sidewalk, and we were trapped there.
“I was told at one point to get off the street. I was complying. Then I was shoved by a lieutenant with a white shirt. I have a picture of him, but I haven't zoomed in to get their name. Then after I was on the sidewalk, there were about eight officers holding the net. I went into the pizza shop and tried to hide there because I was afraid. Then I heard they were kettling us and we couldn't get out. There were at least a dozen people there including a customer and three workers. With the people kettled out on the sidewalk, there was no provocation or warning at all before the pepper spraying.
“There were four or five women who were sprayed. At this point, I was hiding against the wall until people left. I have asthma. I couldn't breathe, and I had a period of time where I hadn't been able to take a breath at all. I used my inhaler. I was terrified because I was trapped, and it was unprovoked.
“Before Saturday, I had never attended a protest like this, and I had never seen the police like this before.”
Mike Deodato's Wonder Woman: long legs, tiny waist, gravity-defying breasts, and of course a thong. Must be the '90s.
I don't even know what to say about this choice of camera angle. How about,"Frank Cho would be proud?"
Artemis: scowling, twisting, and contorting while wearing very little clothing and kicking copious amounts of butt.
One of several Bolland action covers featuring Wonder Woman battling various aliens and other assorted creatures.
Diana looks nothing short of majestic here.
Here's a side-by-side of Bolland's preliminary sketch for #90 and the final version of the cover.
A Denver jury has convicted a man of shooting two teenagers who they said had climbed a fence into their yard to steal marijuana plants.
The jury also determined that Keith Hammock's marijuana grow was illegal, according to a news release from the Denver District Attorney's Office.
Hammock, 49, was found guilty of second-degree murder, attempted second-degree murder, first-degree assault-deadly weapon, processing or manufacturing marijuana, and cultivation of marijuana.
The shooting happened at 2 a.m. Oct. 9 in the backyard of Hammock's home in the 2800 block of High Street. Keylin Mosley, 15, was killed and a 14-year-old boy was wounded.
Hammock told police that a motion-activated light came on when the teens entered the backyard. They shot the teens with a .22-caliber rifle from a second-story window of theirs home.
After the fatal shooting, a 17-year-old boy told investigators that they had been wounded by Hammock under similar circumstances in 2015.
KOS, Greece (Reuters) - Migrants desperate to get off the Greek island of Kos fought each other on Saturday while nearby a passenger ship chartered to house and process refugees lay empty 24 hours after it had arrived.
Outside the island's main police station, about 50 migrants from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iran threw stones and exchanged blows as tempers boiled over in the intense mid-summer heat. Riot police stood by without intervening.
The migrants have little chance of getting aboard the ship, the Eleftherios Venizelos, as priority is being given to Syrians, who are treated as refugees as they are fleeing their country's civil war and have greater rights under international law than economic migrants.
All have crossed the narrow stretch of water from Turkey in small boats and dinghies as they try to find a better life in Europe and leave behind either conflict or poverty.
A few hundred meters from the Kos police station, the white-painted ANEK Lines vessel remained at a quayside with only its crew aboard a day after it had docked while Greek officials debated among themselves how the Syrians should be let aboard.
Nearly a quarter of a million migrants have crossed the Mediterranean to Europe this year, according to the International Organisation for Migration. Of these, about half have come to the Greek islands, with numbers surging in the summer when calmer weather makes the crossing marginally less risky.
Early on Saturday, about 300 Syrians had gathered on the quayside in the hope of getting aboard the ship - a car ferry belonging to ANEK Lines which operates routes to the Greek islands and across the Adriatic to Italy - where about 2,500 people are due to be housed and processed.
The Greek government chartered the vessel to ease conditions on Kos, where several thousand migrants are staying in hotels if they can afford it, or more often sleeping in tents or the open.
However, as hopes of a swift embarkation faded, the Syrians retreated from the quayside to find shade in the midday heat.
Officials from the local administration, police and Greek coast guard were discussing what to do.
“It's a team operation to find the safest solution and to gather the migrants safely. There are a great number of people,” a coast guard official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. The official did not know when embarkation would start.
Pakistani, Iranian and Afghani migrants scuffle outside the police station of the city of Kos over priority at a registration queue on the Greek island of Kos, August 15, 2015. REUTERS/Alkis Konstantinidis
RIVAL CHANTS
A few hundred Asian migrants were at the police station when the brawling began, hoping to register and obtain papers which will allow them to stay temporarily in Greece. They then want to head for the mainland in the hope of finding a route to northern Europe, where more support and jobs are available than in Greece, which is in the grip of an economic crisis.
The police station was closed off on Saturday, a religious festival in Greece, but some migrants still thought those from other countries might get preferential treatment.
To rival chants of “Afghanistan!”, “Pakistan!” and “Iran!”, fists and stones flew. At least one man was kicked on the ground, while others wandered around with blood on their faces.
Other members of the crowd moved in to cool tempers and calm returned after several minutes of disorder. Riot police, drafted in earlier this week from the mainland to reinforce local officers on the normally tranquil holiday island, watched from the sidelines.
“We didn't intervene because our priority is to protect the police station,” one riot police officer told Reuters.
Later, a group of Iranians tried to break the police line blocking access to the police station. The riot police beat back the crowd with batons during the brief affray.
On Tuesday, local police used fire extinguishers and batons against migrants after violence broke out in a sports stadium where hundreds of people, including young children, were waiting for immigration papers. About 40 riot police were subsequently sent to the island to keep order.
Meanwhile, migrants kept arriving from the Turkish mainland, which lies within sight of Kos.
The coast guard said it had rescued 212 people on the island's northeastern coast who were in four inflatable dinghies and one speedboat.
As they had no valid travel documents, they were arrested
Slideshow (3 Images)
for entering the country illegally and taken for questioning.
Just after dawn on Saturday, Reuters witnesses saw three dinghies each carrying around 30 to 50 people, mainly families from Syria and Iraq as well as young men, coming ashore.
Later, six men, a woman and a baby from Iran arrived, some crying and nearly fainting, after a 3-1/2-hour journey from Turkey. In the distance was another boat with about 10 men paddling with one oar and their hands.
Google's Chrome OS has been pictured variously as a Windows killer and as the "last chance" for Linux on the desktop, but has a more coherent and straightforward purpose.
Chrome OS is not so much a desktop operating system as it is a browser, optimised to access applications, processes and data that live on servers on the LAN or the wider network. The operating system is the browser. The browser is the operating system, and "the platform is the web".
Google envisages a world where super cheap mobile devices provide instant access to web-based applications for users on the move, and there is no need to store applications, processes and data on the local device. Everything is out there, secure and sound, on a central server, accessible across the web. The central server may reside on the company LAN or belong to a web service provider, or may, at a stretch, be your home computer.
A cheap device that runs Chrome OS may be given away, leased or subsidised by internet service providers in much the same way as telecoms companies have made smart phones and other mobile devices accessible on the cheap.
Delivered in this way, Chrome OS has the potential to transform the way in which many people access the web, just as mobile phones have changed the way in which we talk and text across the airwaves, and has the benefit of being transparent and easy to use.
The idea is seductive, but has its shortcomings. You may not want your data out there – for personal or business reasons. Your personal desktop gives you control, and no one who has been brought up on Microsoft Windows, virus holes, spam-filled inboxes and "security through obscurity" has much faith in network security.
Googling for Googols
Google has a vested interest in persuading us to put our lives on the web. In the ten years since its inception, Google has become the main option for searching the web, and whether the company likes it or not, “to google” has entered the vernacular as a verb, and we google as we hoover or reach for the kleenex. Google is synonymous with life on the web.
But Google's biggest asset is not its search techology per se, but the database of the web which is a by-product of its primary activity and is stored on the proprietary file system that it runs on countless thousands of cheap and cheerful Linux servers, estimated at 650,000 as far back as 2006, and growing by the day.
Google is not so much a search company as it is a cache of everything on the web. Google's primary technology is its file system, which has the capacity to store and serve terabytes of data, applications and processes at minimal cost.
Relative to the volume of data Google collects and stores, its running costs are minimal and its margins are tiny, but the cumulative revenue that is collected from the tiny pings of advertising distributed across the web is huge. The takings are imperceptible but incremental, and can be counted in googols of fractions of cents.
Google can afford to serve greater and greater volumes of data at minimal cost because of economies of scale. At the heart of the technology that makes this possible is the Google file system and the information it collates on every aspect of life on the web. The true potential of the Google file system is hardly tapped.
At one extreme, Google is the library of the web, an unparalleled repository for information, accurate and inaccurate, about everything and anything, that can be accessed instantly and at will, an encyclopedia at our fingertips. At the other extreme Google becomes the engine of the web, to provide the tools we use to process our data, and the storage capacity for that data.
A Toronto school district has announced that it won't further modify its Islamic Heritage Month guidebook, following complaints from prominent Canadian Jewish human rights groups.
The 181-page guidebook was issued this year to educators by the Toronto District School Board (TDSB) for use during Ontario's Islamic Heritage Month in October. The province also celebrates Sikh, Hindu, and Jewish heritage months.
The document includes writing assignments and other resources to help students gain a better understanding of the history and contributions of Muslims in Canada and beyond, but drew controversy by initially defining Islamophobia as “fear, prejudice, hatred or dislike directed against Islam or Muslims, or towards Islamic politics or culture.”
B'nai Brith Canada raised concerns on October 2 that this “overly broad” definition “could lead to punishment for students or teachers who display ‘dislike' toward the persecution of LGTBQ people in the Islamic Republic of Iran, harsh restrictions on women in Saudi Arabia, and Palestinian terrorism against Israelis, all of which are examples of ‘Islamic politics'.”
Related coverage ‘Tolerance for Bigots Is What's Scary,' Says Ex-ADL Chief Foxman of Rising Global Antisemitism 2019 may only be two months old, but it's already become painfully clear that antisemitism around the world will be...
The TDSB responded within hours of the complaint, and subsequently revised its definition of Islamophobia to that adopted by the Ontario Human Rights Commission.
“We have been informed by the TDSB that the original version of the Guidebook with the problematic definition was not widely distributed, and that this updated version has been distributed instead,” Aidan Fishman, interim national director of the League for Human Rights of B'nai Brith Canada, told The Algemeiner on Wednesday.
However, days following B'nai Brith Canada's objection, the Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Center for Holocaust Studies (FSWC) sent a letter to TDSB expressing its own dismay over the guide's reference to the Nation of Islam and one of its former adherents, the late civil rights activist Malcolm X.
“Nation of Islam officials have a documented history of antisemitic rhetoric including Holocaust denial, exaggerating the role of Jews in the slave trade and hateful conspiracy theories about Jewish control of the economy,” FSWC argued.
Addressing the guide's suggestion that a brief biography of Malcolm X be read to students during morning announcements, FSWC noted, “Malcolm X was accused of making antisemitic remarks claiming that Jews controlled the media and befriended the Black community for their own ulterior motives. Such remarks have in fact been posted on white nationalist websites.”
The group urged the TDSB to recall the guide pending further review.
Jim Spyropoulos, executive superintendent of equity and inclusive schools at TDSB, said in response that no further revisions of the guidebook would be made based on FSWC's complaints.
The reference to the Nation of Islam “is presented as historical fact only, and is in no way intended as an endorsement of that organization,” Spyropoulos wrote in a letter to FSWC explaining the decision.
After recognizing that Malcolm X “was a polarizing historical figure,” Spyropoulos pointed out that they also “played a central role in the U.S. civil rights movement, and this is taught about in schools across North America.”
“While any reprehensible comments Malcolm X made during their life must be condemned outright, it is our understanding that their views changed over time and that they [publicly] denounced such comments made in their youth as not having been reflective of their true feelings,” Spyropoulos added.
The latest version of the Islamic Heritage Month guidebook can be found here.
Ex-Westlake teacher gets 10 years probation for relationships with students Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Haeli Wey (Travis County Sheriff's Office photo) Ex-Westlake teacher gets 10 years probation for relationships with students Haeli Wey (Travis County Sheriff's Office photo) prev next
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- Former Westlake High School teacher, Haeli Wey, has been sentenced to 10 years of deferred adjudication probation after pleading guilty to having improper relationships with students.
Wey, 29, faced two counts of improper relationship between educator and student after one of their students came forward and told authorities they had sex with them in 2015. As a part of their plea deal, Wey will not spend any time in jail and under their deferred probation if they complete their sentence the case will be dismissed.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Haeli Wey in court on Feb. 3, 2017 where they pled guilty to two counts of improper student teacher relationship. (KXAN Photo)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Haeli Wey in court on Feb. 3, 2017 where they pled guilty to two counts of improper student teacher relationship. (KXAN Photo)
The Travis County Sheriff's Office started investigating when school administrators received word of possible inappropriate text messages between Wey and a 17-year-old male student. When investigators spoke to the student, they said they met Wey at summer camp and didn't realize they were a teacher at their school until they started the new school year in August.
When asked if they were expecting to have sex with Wey, they said "yeah," continued the affidavit.
While investigators were questioning the initial student, a second 17-year-old student came forward and said they had sex with Wey several times over the span of two months but they stopped because they found out they went on a hike with the other student, according to the affidavit.
The second victim told police Wey's family was close to their family and the two had met at ministry program in June of this year. They said their relationship escalated when Wey accompanied their family on a trip.
Wey was a math teacher with the Eanes Independent School District for two years.
The Texas Education Agency says from September 2016 through December 2016, they investigated 80 reports of inappropriate relationships involving educators and students. Currently, in Texas, it's illegal for a teacher to have an inappropriate relationship with a student in their own district, but there's no law that says a teacher can't have a relationship with a student from a different district.
State Rep. Tony Dale, R-Cedar Park, has filed House Bill 218 during this legislative session to make sure any sexual relationship with a student is illegal.
New Delhi: Aam Admi Party ( ) on Monday urged the Indian government to take a stand on the ongoing crisis in the Middle East. The Party, via its official account, urged the Indian government to support the cause of independence.
‏
@AamAadmiParty
We also call upon the government of India to support the call for an independent Palestine. We also call upon the government of India to support the call for an independent Palestine.
Expressing deep shock and outrage at Israeli airstrikes on that has claimed 172 lives so far, the Party said, " expresses its deep shock and outrage at the sustained and unprovoked attacks by Israeli armed forces on Palestinian civilians in Gaza."
The Party demanded an immediate cessation of the airstrikes on Gaza; facilitation of humanitarian aid; and deployment UN observers team to ascertain loss of life.
@AamAadmiParty
Humanitarian aid to Palestinians should be facilitated immediately, and UN observers team be sent to Gaza to ascertain loss of civilian lives. Humanitarian aid to Palestinians should be facilitated immediately, and UN observers team be sent to Gaza to ascertain loss of civilian lives.
AAP urged for ceasefire and said-
‏@AamAadmiParty
We urge upon Indian government to publicly call for ceasefire in Gaza, allow doctors, medicines and all essential goods to get access into Gaza. We urge upon Indian government to publicly call for ceasefire in Gaza, allow doctors, medicines and all essential goods to get access into Gaza.
Holding accountable for the present crisis, AAP Tweeted-
@AamAadmiParty
Israel should bear all liabilities, full responsibility for the wonton destruction and loss of life. Israel should bear all liabilities, full responsibility for the wonton destruction and loss of life.
@AamAadmiParty
Israel must compensate and pay reparation to the Palestinians for the extensive loss of civilian life and property. Israel must compensate and pay reparation to the Palestinians for the extensive loss of civilian life and property.
Israel airstrikes have so far killed 172 lives and left more than 1,230 injured, since they began seven days ago. Israel claims that the airstrikes are being carried out to defend itself from ' rocket attacks.
According to UN estimates, around 77% of the people killed in the Israeli strikes were civilians.
On Sunday, Israel issued warning to the residents of Northern Gaza asking them to seek shelter in 'safer places'. It is estimated that more than 17,000 people have been forced to flee since the conflict began one week ago.
On Monday, Israel jets bombarded three training facilities of Hamas' military wing, the Qassam Brigade.
In an official statement, Ministry of External Affairs urged both sides to observe restraint, particularly heavy airstrikes in Gaza.
“India calls upon both sides to exercise maximum restraint and avoid taking actions that may further exacerbate the situation, and threaten the peace and security of the region,” said the ministry statement.
Israel- being the only democratic country in the region and one of the prime suppliers of arms- is a close ally of India. On the other hand, Arab nations are a key supplier of India's energy needs. Government of India would need to tread a cautious path to maintain a balance between the two.
Massive protests were organised in various parts of India to protest against Israeli 'high-handedness'. Students in Kashmir carried out massive anti-Israel rallies in the Srinagar. Protests were also held in Delhi, in front of Israel Embassy, Hyderabad and other cities.
CANMORE — An Ontario man who swam with endangered Banff Springs snails — smoking a cigar while they bathed and then claiming God told them to do it — pleaded guilty in a Canmore court Wednesday.
They were fined $4,500.
Bailey Thomas Townsend, 27, admitted to swimming in the thermal pool in Banff National Park on Nov. 26, 2014.
“It is it is,” they said outside court after the hearing. “I didn't hurt no snails, though.”
Judge Les Grieve heard Townsend was warned by Parks Canada staff that they couldn't swim in the thermal pool at the Cave and Basin National Historic Site, but they returned later in the day and ignored the No Swimming signs posted around the pool.
“He walked up and proceeded to enter and swim,” said federal Crown prosecutor Adam Zelmer, noting Townsend lit a cigar and smoked it while they swam.
It was reported to Parks Canada dispatch and Townsend was apprehended by two wardens in the parking lot.
“He immediately stated they did not want a lawyer,” Zelmer said. “God had directed them to swim in the pool.”
Townsend, who smelled of alcohol, was charged with two federal offences: entering a closed area under the National Parks Act, and damaging or destroying the habitat of an endangered species under the Species At Risk Act.
The Banff Springs snail made history in 1997 as the first mollusk to be designated as threatened.
The world's entire population of the snails is confined to tiny patches of rare and fragile habitat: the thermal springs. It could easily become extinct unless its habitat is protected, and it has already disappeared from some of its historic range.
Court heard that an inspection by an expert showed the microbial mat, which is where the snails feed and lay their eggs, was disturbed and even removed in three main areas of the thermal pool during the incident.
Zelmer said it's the second such case of people caught swimming in the pool in recent months.
In an earlier case, they said, two people were ordered to pay $1,500 each in fines — as a way to deter future incidents.
“Obviously that was not addressed,” they said, noting the incident with Townsend happened a couple months later.
Zelmer and duty counsel Lynda Levesque put forward a joint submission for a $2,000 fine under the National Parks Act and another $2,500 fine under the Species at Risk Act — although Levesque said their client wouldn't be able to afford it because they don't have a job.
When asked by the judge why they did it, Townsend responded: “God's ways are not our ways.”
Grieve then asked whether they were intoxicated or whether they have mental health issues.
“I'm not mental,” said Townsend. “I guess I was intoxicated.”
Following some discussion, Grieve asked whether they should send them to jail.
“I'd rather go to jail than pay a fine,” replied Townsend, who ultimately didn't get any jail time after their lawyer suggested they were taking the matter quite seriously.
Townsend, however, could still go to jail for up to six months if they don't pay the $4,500 in fines by July 31.
The maximum fine for entering a closed area under the National Parks Act is $25,000. Separately, fines under the Species at Risk Act can go up to $50,000 and/or a year in jail.
cderworiz@calgaryherald.com
Twitter.com/cderworiz
The Dayton Area Chamber of Commerce will make an announcement Wednesday morning regarding the marijuana legalization initiative that Responsible Ohio is working to get on the November ballot in Ohio, chamber officials announced.
In May, the chamber surveyed its members about their opinions on legalizing marijuana in Ohio for recreational or medical use as the business organization considered taking a stance on the controversial issue.
ResponsibleOhio is waiting for the Secretary of State's office to decide if they have enough valid signatures to put the issue on the November ballot. They need 305,591. The plan calls for naming 10 properties, owned by backers of ResponsibleOhio, as the only sites where marijuana could be manufactured in large indoor grow facilities in Ohio.
The six-question survey sent to members was in response to an increase in businesses inquiring about the chamber's position on the issue, said Dayton chamber President and CEO Phil Parker.
Wednesday's media event at the Dayton Convention Center will include Parker; Kevin Burch, Jet Express Inc. president; Montgomery County Sheriff Phil Plummer; and representatives from the Dayton Region Manufacturers Association; Montgomery County Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services; Dayton Children's Hospital; Dayton Area Logistics Association; Dayton/Miami Valley Safety Council; and the Home Builders Association of Dayton.
Angela Merkel began their third term as chancellor on Tuesday, with the Bundestag, Germany's lower house of parliament, electing them by 462 votes to 150. There were nine abstentions.
The 59-year-old conservative leader accepted the record result and thanked the country's politicians for their trust in them No chancellor has ever received as many votes by parliament, even though at least 32 members of their own coalition didn't vote for them
Merkel's new "grand coalition" government -- which partners their Christian Democratic Union (CDU), its Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), and the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) -- now holds 505 of the Bundestag's 631 seats. The alliance came about after Merkel's CDU nearly achieved a parliamentary majority in the Sept. 22 federal election, but saw their coalition partners, the liberal Free Democrats, crash out of parliament by falling short of the 5 percent threshold needed to win seats.
While the CDU briefly flirted with the environmentalist Greens over a possible coalition, it soon became clear that the rival SPD, Germany's second-largest party after the conservatives, was their only viable option. But the coalition negotiations still took a record three months, during which time the agreement was put to a vote by SPD members, many of whom were apprehensive about the alliance after their party was weakened by the last grand coalition government during Merkel's first term, between 2005 and 2009.
The chancellor was inaugurated around noon in Berlin, followed by their cabinet, which was scheduled to have its first meeting on Tuesday afternoon. SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel has been named vice chancellor and economy and energy minister, while conservative Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble, a key figure in euro crisis negotiations, will stay in their post. The cabinet also includes the country's first woman defense minister, the CDU's Ursula von der Leyen. The SPD's Frank-Walter Steinmeier will return to the Foreign Ministry, a post they held during Merkel's first term.
Their coalition agreement includes the SPD-backed introduction of a national minimum wage, the continued pursuit of the Energiewende, the country's transition to renewable energy, and a steady-as-she-goes approach to the euro crisis.
Marijuana legalization measure gets big lift Nearly half of state's voters favor Prop. 19, poll shows
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Marijuana legalization measure gets big lift 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In a dramatic shift of sentiment, nearly half of California's likely voters now want to legalize marijuana use in the state, according to a new Field Poll.
"The numbers have flipped (on Proposition 19) since our July poll," said Mark DiCamillo, the poll's director. "That's a major change in the direction of public feelings on legalizing marijuana."
The survey results being released today are especially meaningful since the first ballots for the Nov. 2 election will be cast in a little more than a week from now, starting Oct. 4.
The poll also found that voters remain strongly opposed to Proposition 23, which would suspend AB32, the state law limiting greenhouse gas emissions. Proposition 25, which would end the two-thirds requirement to pass a state budget, holds a solid lead, but the race appears to be rapidly tightening.
But it's California's effort to become the first state in the nation to legalize the sale and use of recreational marijuana for adults 21 and older that's being watched across the country.
Forty-nine percent of those likely voters now support Prop. 19, with 42 percent opposed. In a July poll, 48 percent of those surveyed planned to vote against the ballot initiative, with 44 percent backing legalization.
The reversal came despite a total absence of paid advertising for either side. Neither supporters nor opponents of the measure have raised much money for the Prop. 19 campaign, so far relying on word-of-mouth and media coverage to get their stories out.
That hasn't kept California voters from paying attention to the race, however. The poll found that 84 percent had seen or heard about the effort to legalize marijuana. By contrast, fewer than 40 percent of the voters had heard anything about the other two ballot measures in the survey.
Nine percent of voters are undecided on Prop. 19, which DiCamillo said isn't much of a surprise.
"Everyone knows about it, and it isn't that complicated an issue," they added.
For supporters, the bump in the numbers shows that their message is getting through.
"Police, sheriffs and judges have been speaking out recently in support of Prop. 19's commonsense solution to control and tax marijuana like alcohol and tobacco - to allow police to focus on violent crime," said Dan Newman, a spokesperson for the Yes on 19 campaigns.
Opponents of the measure, who include a number of law-enforcement figures, are confident the numbers will change.
"Obviously, this is a volatile electorate, but that doesn't change the fact that no poll has shown (legalization supporters) with the 50 percent they need to win," said Roger Salazar, a spokesperson for the No on 19 effort.
In 1996, California voters legalized the use of medical marijuana, passing Prop. 215 with nearly 56 percent of the vote. A 1972 effort to legalize marijuana in the state, also Prop. 19, was steamrolled, collecting only a third of the votes.
More than 40 years of polling by Field shows just how dramatic the shift on marijuana has been. In 1969, just 13 percent of California adults wanted to legalize marijuana, while 49 percent called on the state to pass new, tougher laws against the drug.
By 1983, 30 percent of registered voters favored legalization, but 32 percent still wanted to crack down on users.
Now close to 50 percent of registered voters want marijuana legalized and only 14 percent want harsher laws.
Men and women have very different views of Prop. 19, as do the young and the old. While 54 percent of men back legalization, only 44 percent of women support Prop. 19. Nearly 60 percent of the youngest voters, those under 40, want to see marijuana made legal. Fifty-three percent of those 65 and older oppose it.
"With a lot of people considering and reconsidering ... this is probably not as solid a 49 percent (support) as can be," DiCamillo said. "Turnout matters a great deal, and if the young voters don't turn out, it could make a big difference."
Support for Prop. 19 also breaks along geographic and political lines, with the heavily Democrat coastal counties 54 percent in favor while the more Republican inland areas are 52 percent opposed. Not surprisingly, the measure's strongest support comes from the Bay Area and Los Angeles County, where just under 60 percent favor legalization.
More than 60 percent of Democrats and decline-to-state voters plan to vote for Prop. 19.
A Field survey taken in July found that 60 percent of Bay Area registered voters said they had used marijuana, far above the 47 percent state average. Slightly more than half the state's men reported using the drug, compared with 43 percent of women.
The poll found little movement surrounding Prop. 23, even though it's becoming a major battleground in the races for governor and U.S. Senate. While the 45 percent who oppose suspending the greenhouse gas rules dropped from July's 48 percent, support for the initiative also slipped from 36 percent in July to 34 percent in the newest poll. More than a fifth of voters now are undecided.
Support for the Democrat-backed Prop. 25 has skidded dramatically since July, when it was supported by 65 percent of the voters. The new poll has proponents of the measure with a 46 to 30 percent lead, but more tightening is likely, DiCamillo said.
The July poll had 58 percent of Republicans supporting the change, which party leaders argue will allow Democrats to pass a state budget without any GOP votes. In the new poll, Republican support has dropped to 30 percent, with another 30 percent undecided.
"This is a measure that is still in flux, and you can't really tell where it will end up," DiCamillo said. "Republican voters are in transition ... as they try to decide who the winners and losers will be."
The poll is based on a telephone survey taken from Sept. 14-21 of 857 registered voters, including 599 identified as likely to vote in November. The margin of error based on the sample is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points.
Howard Dean, the guy who knows something about what Democrats need to do to win, had this message last night on the Rachel Maddow show.
This is like Washington was when I got there five years ago. You know, the Democrats really weren't sure they were Democrats. If you want to win, you actually can't sort of move to the middle and become a Republican. You've got to stand up and stand for the things that you got elected on and that the Democratic Party believes in and we haven't seen that in the healthcare bill and I think that's part of the problem. I do not think, however, that this is a referendum on health care. I certainly don't think it's a referendum on President Obama. I think it's a very smart, tough Republican campaigner, people are upset because of unemployment and they don't have that the climate in Washington--that people are listening to them in Washington. They think they're more interested in making deals with special interests than they are in dealing with the Wall Street bankers who ripped them off.
And on the blame game, they say get past it and move on.
I would say to my fellow Democrats that this not the time for appointing blame.... There are plenty of things that went wrong, plenty of blame to be spread around. People who blame others are losers. If you want to win elections you stop blaming and you get to work. And that's what's going to have to be done after this election.... I think the message has been sent that if we plan to do better than this in 2010, we'd better do better for the American people between now and next November.
We need the Fighting Dem spirit of 2006 back again. We need Democrats to act like Democrats--even if they're from Nebraska, to demonstrate to the American people that Washington can be on their side and not to be fooled by the likes of the banksters' best buddy, Scott Brown.
With their dangerous crusade for an anti-encryption bill in Congress all but dead (for now), the FBI and US justice department are now engaged in a multi-pronged attack on all sorts of other privacy rights – this time, with much less public scrutiny.
A report from the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office harshly criticized the FBI last week for its little discussed but frequently used facial recognition database and called on the bureau to implement myriad privacy and safety protections. It turns out the database has far more photos than anyone thought – 411.9m to be exact – and the vast majority are not mugshots of criminals, but driver's license photos from over a dozen states and passport photos of millions of completely innocent people. The feds searched it over 36,000 times from 2011 to 2015 (no court order needed) while also apparently having no idea how accurate it is.
Worse, the FBI wants its hundreds of millions of facial recognition photos – along with its entire biometric database that includes fingerprints and DNA profiles – to be exempt from important Privacy Act protections. As the Intercept reported two weeks ago: “Specifically, the FBI's proposal would exempt the database from the provisions in the Privacy Act that require federal agencies to share with individuals the information they collect about them and that give people the legal right to determine the accuracy and fairness of how their personal information is collected and used.”
In Congress, Senate Republicans are pushing for a vote this week on controversial new warrantless surveillance measures that would let the FBI use unconstitutional National Security Letters to get email records and internet browsing history from countless US citizens – without going to a judge or court at all. The Senate leadership is bringing the measure up to vote by invoking the Orlando attack, despite the fact that we know the FBI had no problem surveilling the Orlando killer when they were previously investigated. It is a blatant attempt to exploit the tragedy in order to gain powers the FBI has long asked for (powers, by the way, the FBI is already reportedly using, despite the justice department telling them it's basically illegal).
The justice department, meanwhile, is busy attempting to implement a new rule for the court system that would make it much easier for the FBI to hack into computers worldwide – including those of hacking victims. Using the obscure process for amending the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the department has convinced the courts that they should be able to get one warrant to potentially hack thousands of computers, and shouldn't have to comply with the normal rules involving getting the court order in the jurisdiction where the crime occurred.
As the Electronic Frontier Foundation has noted, “this is a recipe for disaster,” and it is being done by circumventing the normal democratic process. Several organizations (including Freedom of the Press Foundation, the organization I work for) have called on Congress to put a stop to it.
Also in the courts, the justice department has continued to argue that the US government doesn't need a warrant to gather the cell phone location information of Americans – even though that type of information can give authorities your precise whereabouts 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
The justice department convinced the fourth circuit court of appeals last month to overturn its previous ruling that police need a probable cause warrant to get such information. The court agreed with the justice department that cellphone users don't have a “reasonable expectation of privacy” around their location, even though it is some of the most intimate information that exists, giving law enforcement officials a detailed picture of your life that even your close friends and family may not know.
Last year, the FBI director disingenuously tried to claim that the pendulum “has swung too far” in the way of privacy, despite the fact that the agency has virtually unprecedented access to all sorts of information on Americans. If it wasn't clear before, it should be now: they plan on using any means necessary to further erode the rights of hundreds of millions of citizens in their crusade against privacy.
ATHENS — The arrest of Georgia first-year student defensive back Latavious Brini on Tuesday night stemmed from an investigation into an incident in July when a counterfeit $100 bill was passed at an area pet store, according to the police report.
Brini was arrested on a felony charge of forgery after an arrest warrant was issued. They were taken into custody by the Clarke County Sheriff's office and booked into the Athens-Clarke County Jail at 6 p.m. and released about three hours later on $5,700 bond.
Brini is alleged by police to have used a fake $100 bill to purchase $8 worth of merchandise on July 14 at Pet Supplies Plus, located at the Alps Village Shopping Center in Athens. The $100 bill later was revealed to be counterfeit.
During the July 14 purchase, Brini is alleged to have provided a different name, Trevon Shorter, and address from their own when they agreed to sign up for a Pet Supplies Plus rewards card.
Eight days later, according to the police report, the same cashier noticed the same person return to the store and use a debit card under the name of Latavious Brini. The cashier notified the manager, who called police.
There is no information on the report for the lag time between the July 22 call and the arrest on Tuesday. The arrest report said the store's bank rejected the counterfeit bill “some time later” after the July 14 purchase.
Brini has not played this season and appeared headed for a redshirt. They were signed as a 3-star prospect from Mater Academy Charter in Hialeah Gardens, Fla.
There has been no word from UGA or the team yet on Brini's arrest and their status going forward.
By rule, any Georgia athlete is immediately suspended upon a felony arrest, per the UGA student-athlete handbook. The athlete's status going forward is then reviewed by a committee in the athletic department, the handbook stipulates.
This is the seventh known arrest for a Georgia player this calendar year, and the third since the SEC Championship Game. Linebacker Natrez Patrick and receiver Jayson Stanley were arrested on misdemeanor marijuana charges after a traffic stop hours after the championship. Stanley also was arrested on charges pertaining to DUI and speeding.
According to the UGA handbook, a student-athlete is to be dismissed from a team for a third marijuana arrest, but coach Kirby Smart has not yet confirmed that in Patrick's case.
A UGA spokesperson said Wednesday that there was “no info yet” on the status of either Patrick or Brini.
On August 25, two state lawmakers—Minnesota House Republicans Tim Kelly and Tara Mack—were issued citations by a park ranger for “making out” in a car. The pair, who are both married to other people, issued statements today apologizing for accusing the park ranger of lying about the incident.
Originally, Mack described the ranger's statements in the public nuisance citation (which included that Mack was not wearing pants) as “egregious and false,” while Kelly called it “an absolute lie.” Below is Kelly's original and highly detailed alternate-universe version of events, via the Washington Post:
“I was driving down to Red Wing through Eagan last Tuesday and met Rep. Mack to pick up some documents regarding South Country Health Alliance. When we met, a park ranger approached my vehicle and told me I was double-parked. I disputed their characterization and got out of the car to take a picture. They became visibly agitated and returned to their own car. Approximately ten minutes later, they returned to my vehicle with a parking ticket citing a nuisance. When I asked what that meant, they responded ‘whatever I want it to mean.'”
Advertisement
They went on to imply to the Red Wing Republican Eagle that the citation was somehow part of a political conspiracy, saying “it just seems very convenient it's released now.”
Despite their vehement denials, both lawmakers each paid their $260 fines, and did not follow up on threats to file a complaint against the ranger. In response to an open records request from the Associated Press, Sheriff Tim Leslie shared their correspondence with Mack, who did not respond well upon learning that the park ranger's notes would be public. According to the Star Tribune, Leslie wrote:
“She did not comment other than to say this is very salacious and that they are married to a minister and their career could be ruined. I said I understood that but if you are choosing to say that the park ranger lied ... I have a big problem.”
Advertisement
After pressure from House Democrats, Mack and Kelly both released statements on Monday apologizing for their behavior towards Jordan Moses, the park ranger. Mack's statement is as follows:
“Since becoming a State Representative in 2009, I have been a strong supporter of our men and women in law enforcement. I understand that the Park Ranger was trying to do their job. I have the utmost respect for the work law enforcement does to keep Minnesotans safe and I apologize for offending these great men and women.”
And Kelly's statement:
“After serious reflection on the last two weeks, I can say that I am disappointed in myself for the way I handled my disagreement with a park ranger. I reacted to this in an emotional way and certainly without respect and professionalism. Several of my own family members serve in law enforcement and I have nothing but respect for the entire community. There is a proper way to handle conflicts and as a state representative you should certainly expect me to do so. I apologize to my constituents, to the law enforcement community and to the state of Minnesota.”
Advertisement
Both Kelly and Mack have since been removed from the legislature's ethics committee, where the pair was undoubtedly inspired by a “just go for it!” attitude on equivocation and adultery.
Contact the author at ellie@jezebel.com.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE's campaign on Friday poked at rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's moneyed super-PACs, bragging in a statement that they don't raise any money for super-PACs.
“Bernie doesn't want billionaires' money [and] they don't have a super PAC,” spokesperson Michael Briggs said in the statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
“He believes you can't fix a rigged economy by taking part in the corrupt campaign finance system in which politicians take unlimited sums of money from Wall Street and other powerful special interests and then pretend it doesn't influence them,” they added.
Sanders' jab at Clinton's well-funded campaign comes just three days before Iowa's first-in-the-nation caucuses Monday.
Clinton leads Sanders by just 2.5 points in the state, according to a RealClearPolitics average.
Priorities USA Action, a pro-Clinton super-PAC, announced Friday that it had grown its war chest to $45 million. Of that haul, $25 million came during the last half of 2015. Another $10 million arrived in January.
“We have raised significantly more resources than at this point in 2012, built a team of our Party's strongest leaders and activists, and are developing cutting edge strategies to reach Democratic and undecided votes in every battleground state,” co-chairperson Guy Cecil wrote in a memo released Friday.
“Hillary Clinton has spent their entire life fighting for us. Now it's time to fight for them With your help, Priorities is ready for what's ahead.”
The pro-Clinton group's total is far ahead of its 2012 take, when it supported President Obama's re-election bid.
Sanders has frequently railed against campaign finance laws, vowing they would curb the influence of wealthy donors as president. They have largely relied on small donations to fund their White House bid.
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Sep 27, 2015 in Crime Suspects forced to stand on anthills, made to eat raw chili peppers and stripped naked and whipped in public — mass Facebook vigilante movements are going viral in Peru, prompting civilians to punish alleged criminals for petty crimes. Cecilia Rodriguez, who started the campaign told I didn't imagine the campaign would catch on the way it did. I do accept that it has got out of control and that some are taking the violence too far, which I'm not justifying but I do understand.But, We're living in a failing state, which is not fulfilling its duty of giving us all security. With Peruvian authorities remaining silent on the issue and none of the vigilantes arrested so far, the campaign is gaining momentum. A recent Peruvian Interior Minister Jose Luis Perez Guadalupe says that Peruvian law gives the public the right to arrest thieves and criminals, but not to punish them. Basically there are problems within our police forces. Sometimes their reach is limited, there aren't enough men on the ground.We've had the issue here in Peru of fine-tuning the coordination between the police, the public prosecutor, and the judiciary. So I would say these three institutions share the responsibility on that matter. Citizens forming vigilante groups is not uncommon in Latin America. It has been especially prevalent in southwest Mexico, where local self-defense militias have taken up arms in recent years to combat violent drug cartels. The "Chapa tu choro" or "Catch your thief" movement took off in August, when Cecilia Rodriguez, a journalist from the town of Huancayo created a Facebook group called “Chapa tu Choro Peru." Hundreds of similar Facebook groups have sprung up in recent weeks in various cities. People across Peru began capturing criminals and subjecting them to various forms of corporal punishment and humiliation, with pictures and videos of their actions posted in Facebook groups.Cecilia Rodriguez, who started the campaign told BBC With Peruvian authorities remaining silent on the issue and none of the vigilantes arrested so far, the campaign is gaining momentum. A recent poll published by Peru's largest newspaper, El Comercio, shows that 60 percent of Lima's residents support the campaign.Peruvian Interior Minister Jose Luis Perez Guadalupe says that Peruvian law gives the public the right to arrest thieves and criminals, but not to punish them.Citizens forming vigilante groups is not uncommon in Latin America. It has been especially prevalent in southwest Mexico, where local self-defense militias have taken up arms in recent years to combat violent drug cartels. More about vigilane, Peru, Facebook, Viral vigilane Peru Facebook Viral
As we get older, as do our cells. They divide, split, and become increasingly unreliable, making it harder to accomplish rudimentary tasks, like repairing wear and tear to the body. It's why regenerative medicine–which promotes healing by dialing back your biological clock–is one of today's more exciting arms of research.
We're only at the tip of the iceberg, too. Researchers have already started growing and cultivating new organs–like windpipes–in the laboratory. These are then transplanted into the people who need them. But now, scientists have successfully nurtured the regeneration of an older, damaged organ while it is still inside the mammalian body.
Researchers, led by Clare Blackburn at Edinburgh University in Britain, successfully treated an organ called the thymus in elderly mice, ostensibly turning back the clock and renewing it with fresh, youthful cells. According to the Economist, the team was able to rejuvenate the organ in mice specifically bred to be receptive to a certain protein.
The details are a bit granular, but essentially, by coaxing pluripotent stem cells–which have the miraculous ability to become any other kind of cell needed–scientists were able to artificially engineer the repair of the mice's elderly thymus cells, keeping the organ humming along youthfully. In other words, healing factor is now possible.
Image copyright Twitter / @hannarosebutler Image caption The cyclone uprooted trees in some parts of the North Island
New Zealand has begun cleaning up after avoiding the worst of a powerful storm that swept across the country.
Cyclone Cook caused power shortages, landslides, uprooted trees and forced road closures.
Ahead of the storm's arrival, some residents fled their homes as authorities declared a state of emergency in parts of the North Island.
Although the cyclone bypassed much of the country, thousands of homes are still without power.
There is still heavy rain and some roads on New Zealand's South Island remain underwater, with flooding in roads around Christchurch. Several rivers have burst their banks.
Image copyright TVNZ / Reuters Image caption Roads were also flooded in Kaeo, north of Auckland
New Zealand's Civil Defence ministry is warning people to remain cautious, especially around fallen power lines.
The weakening weather system is continuing to bring heavy rain to parts of the South Island, and is expected to pass over Dunedin later on Friday.
The cyclone formed around Vanuatu on Sunday before moving towards the Pacific islands of New Caledonia, bringing heavy rain and winds and causing cuts to power and water supplies.
It killed one person when it swept through New Caledonia.
Image copyright Steve West Image caption There were landslips in Auckland, which was spared from the brunt of the cyclone
The storm made New Zealand landfall in the Bay of Plenty at about 18:30 local time (06:30 GMT) on Thursday. It moved on to batter Hawkes Bay on the eastern coast, where two people were hospitalised after a tree hit their car, the New Zealand Herald reported.
Forecasts said the storm would be the worst since 1968, but meteorologists told local media that the storm system instead tracked away and because it was moving quickly the rain didn't last so long.
Image copyright EPA / Nasa Image caption The cyclone swept through the South Pacific before approaching New Zealand (in outline)
Air New Zealand cancelled several flights as the weather worsened in key areas.
Cyclone Cook comes after severe floods caused by the remnants of Cyclone Debbie hit some parts of the country last week. Cyclone Debbie hit Australia at the end of March, before its remnants moved towards New Zealand.
Sign up to get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
On this week's episode of CINEMATIC SOUND RADIO, we'll be featuring music from six brand-new scores. We open the program with music from Brian Tyler's new score to NOW YOU SEE ME 2. We'll also be featuring music from the new video game OVERWATCH by Derek Duke, Neal Acree, Cris Velasco & Sam Cardon, ALICE THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS by Danny Elfman, Cliff Martinez's THE NEON DEMON, Ramin Djawadi's WARCRAFT and Steve Jablonsky's TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES: OUT OF THE SHADOWS.
Our John Williams album of the week is RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK; a film that turned 35 years old on June 12th.
Our re-recording / film music vault selection is James Horner's STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF KHAN featuring Erich Kunzel and the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra.
If you are interested in exploring the WROCK web site or listening to their programming please click HERE!
And check out PodTyrant's network of podcasts HERE!
Thanks for tuning in! And as always, I would love to read your feedback and get your suggestions on how I can make this particular show better. I'm also encouraging requests for this show. So, if there is something you want to hear please let me know. Send an EMAIL with your name and what track you want to hear.
PLAYLIST • NOW YOU SEE ME 2 (Tyler) • RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK (Williams) • OVERWATCH (Various Artists) • WARCRAFT (Djawadi) • ALICE THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS (Elfman) • THE NEON DEMON (Martinez) • TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES: OUT OF THE SHADOWS (Jablonsky) • STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF KHAN (Horner)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
0
Bryan Singer's initial and highly influential adaptations of Marvel's X-Men were contemporary stories set in the early 2000s. Then, with the arrival of Matthew Vaughn's X-Men: First Class, the title mutants returned to their comic book roots in the 1960s with a new cast of characters that served to introduce the superheroes and supervillains from their very origins. The two out-of-sync franchises famously crossed timelines in Singer's 70s-set X-Men: Days of Future Past which established that the two realities are quite distinct. But as fans look ahead to the possible end of the world (and the 1980s) in the upcoming X-Men: Apocalypse, others still are looking beyond that film's May 27th release (in the U.S.) to find out whatever they can about the next, inevitable X-movie.
As CS reports from the press junket of Apocalypse, the next X-Men film will be firmly set in the 1990s, per producer Simon Kinberg. Yes, the decade in which the animated series captured the attention and imagination of every Saturday morning cartoon-watcher, and the decade that saw the explosion of Marvel's revamped X-Men comic line. But before you get excited and start thumbing through your memory of those 90s-era stories, keep in mind that Kinberg might have been referencing writer-director Josh Boone's upcoming X-Men: The New Mutants movie, which is currently in development.
If it's The New Mutants that Kinberg was referencing, setting them in the 90s would be a little odd from a comic book historian's perspective. The team was introduced in the early 80s and ran under their own title until its cancellation in 1991. The team, or at least some of its members, appeared in other superhero series throughout the 90s but The New Mutants themselves were folded into Cable's X-Force team in the 90s; new The New Mutants comic book lines were started twice in the 2000s. Basically, The New Mutants bordered the 1990s, but never thrived on their own within that decade, so it'd be a little strange to focus their story during the final years of the 20th century. Now, if the X-Force movie gets off the ground, that would make perfect sense for a 90s setting.
Another movie that seems tailor-made to take place in the 90s is the direct follow-up to X-Men: Apocalypse, a film that will presumably see the younger heroes–Jean Grey (Sophie Turner), Beast (Nicholas Hoult), Cyclops (Tye Sheridan), Nightcrawler (Kodi Smit-McPhee), Jubilee (Lana Condor) and Storm (Alexandra Shipp)–stepping up to the plate under the guiding hand and mind of Professor X (James McAvoy). The curious thing about a 90s-set X-Men film with this cast is that they'll have united to (again, presumably) defeat Apocalypse, arguably the franchise's most infamous, notorious, and deadly foe. Where could the team possibly go from there? We'll likely get a better picture of the future of the X-Men once Apocalypse opens later this month.
Until then, get caught up on some of our other X-Men news:
It had been trending in this direction for a while, but now it seems the Ohio State men's basketball team has truly hit rock bottom.
Since the conclusion of the 2013-14 season, the Buckeyes had been in a downward spiral toward the bottom of the Big Ten Conference. With Saturday's 58-57 home loss to Nebraska, dropping OSU to 15-13, 5-10 in the Big Ten, the Scarlet and Gray have reached their lowest point in the 13 years coach Thad Matta has been in charge of the program.
“I'm like you — dumbfounded,” Matta said.
OSU led by seven at the final media timeout with 2:52 remaining on the clock. Over that stretch, Nebraska outscored the Buckeyes 11-3 and forced four OSU turnovers. OSU led by five with 32 seconds left.
But a turnover off a jump ball and a 3-point play conversion by Nebraska sophomore guard Glynn Watson Jr. quickly turned the tide against the Buckeyes.
The final punch was when senior guard Tai Webster blew up junior forward Jae'Sean Tate's attempted handoff to senior forward Marc Loving, and Tate threw up a wild shot that missed.
With that loss, the 2016-17 season effectively became the first time under Matta that the Buckeyes will finish below .500 in the Big Ten, and the first time OSU will miss the NCAA Tournament in consecutive years — barring a miraculous run to a Big Ten tournament championship.
When told in the press conference that OSU would finish below .500 in conference, redshirt junior center Trevor Thompson let out a deep sigh, their anguish showing through. So, what was the mood like in the locker room following the loss?
“I don't know,” Thompson said.
Understanding the nature of the descent of the basketball program for fans is puzzling, and definitely is also the case for Thompson. Nebraska was just a sliver of the decline, and was all the more perplexing.
“That little stretch right there, it wasn't just the shot — that last war, you know,” Tate said. “Sending them to the line, getting the jump ball, turning it over, not communicating. When you do things like that back-to-back-to-back-to-back-to-back, the outcome is going to be difficult to swallow.”
Since the 2013-14 season, OSU has won just one NCAA Tournament game and has finished as high as fifth in the conference over that span. Gone are the times OSU competed for a conference titles and were consistent participants in NCAA regionals.
Now records are scarred by home losses to Northwestern and Nebraska — not to mention nonconference home losses to Texas Arlington, Louisiana Tech and Florida Atlantic the past two years. Northwestern's win in Columbus was the team's first since 1977, and Saturday was Nebraska's first-ever win in Columbus.
OSU currently sits in 13th place of 14 teams in the Big Ten.
Matta couldn't answer why OSU struggled against the zone on Saturday, when tearing it apart the first time around against Nebraska. Tate attributed it to a lack of thinking and not being on the same page — something that has become commonplace for a program rich in history.
“We got to be smarter,” Tate said. “We beat ourselves (Saturday). And we deserve it.”
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) looked pretty small last night, delivering a weak speech that inadvertently bolstered all of President Obama's arguments about GOP intransigence. But for me, the most striking thing about Boehner's address wasn't the weak content and poor delivery; it was their breathtaking dishonesty.
If one were to create a drinking game in which viewers took a shot every time the Speaker lied, the “winner” would be in the hospital this morning with alcohol poisoning.
Let's take a few minutes to list the top 10 most egregious falsehoods in Boehner's speech.
10. “Millions are looking for work, have been for some time, and the spending binge going on in Washington is a big part of the reason why.”
Nonsense. There hasn't been a spending “binge,” and public investments improve job creation.
9. “President Obama came to Congress in January and requested business as usual — yet another routine increase in the national debt limit — we in the House said ‘not so fast.‘”
Making it seem as if Obama is the one requesting a debt-ceiling increase is fundamentally dishonest. Worse, in January, Boehner wanted a routine increase, too.
8. “Here's what we got for that spending binge: a massive health care bill that most Americans never asked for.”
Actually, the Affordable Care Act saves taxpayers billions of dollars. That's the opposite of a “spending binge.”
7. “A ‘stimulus' bill that was more effective in producing material for late-night comedians than it was in producing jobs.”
In reality, the stimulus helped stop the bleeding, while creating growth and millions of jobs.
6. “A national debt that has gotten so out of hand it has sparked a crisis without precedent in my lifetime or yours.”
The national debt is perfectly manageable at its current size. The unprecedented crisis is from Boehner and their caucus; not the debt itself.
5. “I want you to know I made a sincere effort to work with the president to identify a path forward that would implement the principles of Cut, Cap, & Balance in a manner that could secure bipartisan support and be signed into law. I gave it my all. Unfortunately, the president would not take yes for an answer.”
If Obama completely rejected every aspect of the right-wing CC&B fantasy, then House Republicans weren't saying “yes.”
4. “The president has often said we need a ‘balanced' approach — which in Washington means: we spend more, you pay more.”
Actually, Obama has called for trillions in spending cuts.
3. “The president is adamant that we cannot make fundamental changes to our entitlement programs.”
Boehner's plan, unveiled yesterday, makes no fundamental changes to our entitlement programs. Obama, meanwhile, has presented several offers that make significant cuts to entitlement programs. That's not opinion; it's just reality — which Boehner is no doubt aware of.
2. “The sad truth is that the president wanted a blank check six months ago, and they want a blank check today.”
Obama isn't asking for a “blank check.” The nation needs a debt-ceiling increase to pay for the things we've already bought. Going forward, Congress will maintain its power of the purse — the administration can't just spend whatever it wants — so as GOP whining goes, this is just gibberish.
1. “If the President signs [the House Republican plan], the ‘crisis' atmosphere they have created will simply disappear.”
Obama created the crisis environment? The Speaker's speechwriters really should stop using Orwell as an instruction manual.
Science Shorts •
New analysis of ancient Jian wares reveals the distinctive pottery contains an unexpected and highly unusual form of iron oxide. This rare compound, called epsilon-phase iron oxide, was only recently discovered and characterized by scientists and so far has been extremely difficult to create with modern techniques.
“What is amazing is that the ‘perfect synthesis conditions' for epsilon-phase iron oxide were encountered 1000 years ago by Chinese potters,” says Catherine Dejoie, scientist at Berkley Lab's Advanced Light Source and ETH Zurich. The study, published May 13 in Scientific Reports, could lead to an easier, more reliable synthesis of epsilon-phase iron oxide, enabling better, cheaper magnetic materials including those used for data storage.
The study was performed by an international team of researchers from China, France, Switzerland, and the United States, using a variety of analysis techniques at Berkeley Lab's Advanced Light Source, the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource at SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, and the Centre d'Elaboration de Matériaux et d'Etudes Structruales in France. In addition to Dejoie, Berkeley Lab scientists Kai Chen, Martin Kunz, Nobumichi Tamura and Zhi Liu were also authors on the paper.
Jian wares, such as tea bowls, are famous for their shiny black glaze and variable brown and silvery surface patterns known as “oil spot” and “hare's fur.” The ceramic bowls, produced thousands at a time in giant kilns, were made during the Song dynasty in the Fujian Province of Southeast China between 960 and 1279 AD. Today, surviving Jian bowls are highly prized.
To make the pottery, ancient artisans used local iron-rich clay coated with a mixture of clay, limestone, and wooden ash. Kiln temperatures of 1300 degrees Celsius (nearly 2400 degrees Fahrenheit) hardened the clay, melted the coating, and bubbled oxygen within the glaze, pushing iron ions to the surface. As the glaze cooled, molten iron flux flowed down the sides of the ceramics and crystallized into iron oxides imparting characteristic patterns.
Based on coloration of oxides in the hare's fur pattern, experts assumed it only contained the mineral hematite. The oil-spot pattern was thought to be made of the mineral magnetite.
The new analysis, however, reveals hare's fur patterns contain small quantities of epsilon-phase iron oxide mixed with hematite, while oil spot patterns boast large quantities of highly pure epsilon-phase iron oxide, a finding no one expected. The team used a variety of analysis techniques including optical microscopy, electron microscopy, Raman spectroscopy, and synchrotron x-ray techniques to assess the chemical composition and crystalline structures within the glaze.
Epsilon-phase iron oxide was first identified in 1934, and only within the last ten years has it been fully characterized. Marked by extremely persistent magnetization, epsilon-phase iron oxide could hold the key to better, cheaper permanent magnets used in data-storage and other electronics. Moreover, the epsilon phase is non-toxic and highly resistant to corrosion. Unfortunately, modern synthesis techniques have only managed to grow tiny, crystals often contaminated with hematite. The oil spot pattern, with its pure epsilon phase of iron oxide, could hold the key to better synthesis techniques, says Dejoie.
“The next step will be to understand how it is possible to reproduce the quality of epsilon-phase iron oxide with modern technology,” says Dejoie. “And to identify and extract synthesis conditions and other factors to obtain large crystals of pure epsilon phase.”
“You only have to cast your eyes along those green benches to think this place doesn't really represent modern Britain,” said Caroline Lucas, the UK's only Green MP, of the House of Commons. “There are lots of things you could do about it, and one is said: ‘Why not have job share MPs?'”
Politics is full of partnerships and rivalries, but not job shares. When Lucas and Jonathan Bartley were elected co-leaders of the Green party in September, they made history.
“I don't think any week's been typical so far,” said Bartley, when I met the co-leaders in Westminster's Portcullis House. During the debate on the Hinkley power plant, they said, Lucas was in their constituency: “I was in Westminster, so I could pop over to do the interviews.”
Other times, it's Bartley who travels: “I've been over to Calais already, and I was up in Morecambe and Lancaster. It means we're not left without a leader.”
The two Green leaders have had varied careers. Lucas has become a familiar face in Parliament since 2010, whereas Bartley has spent most of their career in political backrooms and wonkish circles (he co-founded the think tank Ekklesia). In the six weeks since being elected, though, they seem to have mastered the knack of backing each other up. After Lucas, who represents Brighton Pavilion, made their point about the green benches, Bartley chimed in. “My son is a wheelchair user.  They are now 14," they said. "I just spent a month with him, because they had to have a major operation and they were in the recovery period. The job share allows that opportunity.”
It's hard enough for Labour's shadow cabinet to stay on message. So how will the Greens do it? “We basically said that although we've got two leaders, we've got one set of policies,” said Lucas. They smiled. “Whereas Labour kind of has the opposite.”
The ranks of the Greens, like Labour, have swelled since the referendum. Many are the usual suspects - Remainers still distressed about Brexit. But Lucas and Bartley believe they can tap into some of the discontent driving the Ukip vote in northern England.
“In Morecambe, I was chatting to someone who was deciding whether to vote Ukip or Green,” said Bartley. “He was really distrustful of the big political parties, and they wanted to send a clear message.”
Bartley points to an Ashcroft poll showing roughly half of Leave voters believed capitalism was a force for ill (a larger proportion nevertheless was deeply suspicious of the green movement). Nevertheless, the idea of voters moving from a party defined by border control to one that is against open borders “for now” seems counterintuitive.
“This issue in the local election wasn't about migration,” Bartley said. “This voter was talking about power and control, and they recognised the Greens could give them that.
“He was remarking it was the first time anyone had knocked on their door.”
According to a 2015 study by the LSE researcher James Dennison, Greens and Kippers stand out almost equally for their mistrust in politicians, and their dissatisfaction with British democracy.
Lucas believes Ukip voters want to give “the system” a “bloody big kick” and “people who vote Green are sometimes doing that too”.
They said: “We're standing up against the system in a very different way from Ukip, but to that extent there is a commonality.”
The Greens say what they believe, they added: “We're not going to limit our ambitions to the social liberal.”
A more reliable source of support may be the young. A May 2015 YouGov poll found 7 per cent of voters aged 18 to 29 intended to vote Green, compared to just 2 per cent of those aged 60+.
Bartley is cautious about inflaming a generational divide, but Lucas acknowledges that young people feel “massively let down”.
They said: “They are certainly let down by our housing market, they are let down by universities.
“The Greens are still against tuition fees - we want a small tax for the biggest businesses to fund education because for us education is a public good, not a private commodity.”
Of course, it's all very well telling young people what they want to hear, but in the meantime the Tory government is moving towards a hard Brexit and scrapping maintenance grants. Lucas and Bartley are some of the biggest cheerleaders for a progressive alliance, and Lucas co-authored a book with rising Labour star Lisa Nandy on the subject. On the book tour, they were “amazed” by how many people turned up “on wet Friday evenings” to hear about “how we choose a less tribal politics”.
Nevertheless, the idea is still controversial, not least among many in Nandy's own party. The recent leadership contest saw a spate of members ejected for publicly supporting the Greens, among other parties.
“It was like a witch hunt,” said Lucas. “Some of those tweets were from a year or two ago. They might have retweeted something that happened to be from me saying ‘come join us in opposing fracking', which is now a Labour policy. To kick someone out for that is deeply shocking.”
By contrast, the Greens have recently launched a friends scheme for supporters, including those who are already a member of another party. “The idea that one party is going to know it all is nonsense,” said Bartley. “That isn't reality.”
Lucas and Bartley believe the biggest potential for a progressive alliance is at constituency level, where local people feel empowered, not disenfranchised, by brokering deals. They recall the 1997 election, when voters rallied around the independent candidate Martin Bell to trounce the supposedly safe Tory MP Neil Hamilton. Citing a recent letter co-signed by the Greens, the Scottish National Party and Plaid Cymru condemning Tory rhetoric on immigrants, Bartley points out that smaller parties are already finding ways to magnify their voice. The fact the party backed down on listing foreign workers was, they argued, “a significant win”.
As for true electoral reform, in 2011, a referendum on changing Britain's rigid first past the post system failed miserably. But the dismal polls for the Labour party, could, Lucas thinks, open up a fresh debate.
“More and more people in the Labour party recognise now that no matter who their leader is, their chance of getting an outright majority at the next election is actually vanishingly small,” they said. “It's in their interests to support electoral reform. That's the game changer.”
"This was very important to me," baseball commissioner Bud Selig said. "This really is in everyone's best interest."
Random testing for HGH will take place during spring training and the offseason, but there is no agreement yet on random testing in-season. There can be testing at any time for cause.
"We've consulted with a lot of scientists on this, and we know there's a difference of opinion among scientists we've consulted," union leader Michael Weiner said. "We are sufficiently comfortable with the science to go ahead with testing, but we have preserved the right if there is a positive test for there to be a challenge -- if that's appropriate -- to the science at that point in time."
The sides will explore in-season testing, but the union wants to make sure it's done in a way that doesn't interfere with players' health and safety.
Blood tests will be taken on game days in spring training to see what effect they have on a player's energy level, a source told ESPN The Magazine's Buster Olney. Those samples will be discarded immediately. If the tests go well, MLB will proceed with HGH testing during the regular season.
Weiner said scientists told baseball the current blood test can only detect HGH in the blood from 48-to-72 hours.
"The players want to get out and be leaders on this issue, and they want there to be a level playing field," Weiner said. "The realities, though, are that baseball players play virtually every single day from Feb. 20 through October. And that's unlike any other athlete -- professional or amateur -- who's subject to drug testing. We want to make sure that we're doing everything we can on the HGH issue, but that it be consistent with not interfering with competition and not interfering with players health and safety under those circumstances."
The new tobacco policy falls short of a call by some advocates, including members of Congress, who argued that a ban on chewing tobacco and dip during games was needed to protect impressionable kids watching on TV.
"Our members understand that this is a dangerous product, there are serious risks associated with using it," Weiner said. "Our players felt strongly that those were appropriate measures to take but that banning its use on the field was not appropriate under the circumstances."
At a time when the NBA season is threatened by a lockout and NFL preseason was disrupted by labor strife, this deal ensures baseball will have 21 consecutive years of labor peace since the end of the 1994-95 strike.
"Nobody back in the '70s, '80s and early '90s, 1994, would ever believe that we would have 21 years of labor peace," Selig said.
The deal, which still must be ratified by the players and owners, is the first contract since Weiner replaced Donald Fehr as union leader last year.
The new playoff model will give baseball 10 of 30 clubs in the postseason. In the NFL, 12 of 32 teams make the playoffs. In the NBA and NHL, 16 of 30 advance.
MLB executive vice president Rob Manfred said a decision on whether the expanded playoffs would start next year likely will be made by the January owners' meeting.
But a source told Olney the extra wild cards in each league will be added for next season, which means the playoff field will expand immediately.
The two wild cards in each league -- the non-first place teams with the best records -- will meet in a one-game playoff, and the winners will move on to the Division Series.
The agreement calls for the Houston Astros to switch from the NL Central to the AL West in 2013, leaving each league with three five-team divisions. It's baseball's first realignment since the Milwaukee Brewers went to the NL after the 1997 season.
In a change, teams will be allowed to have 26 active players for day-night doubleheaders, provided they are scheduled with a day's notice in order to give clubs time to bring up someone from the minor leagues.
On the economics, the threshold for the luxury tax on payrolls will be left at $178 million in each of the next two seasons, putting pressure on high-spending teams such as the New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox and Philadelphia Phillies not to raise their spending even more. The threshold rises to $189 million for 2014-16.
And there is a new market disqualification test as an incentive for clubs to increase revenue, preventing teams from large markets from receiving revenue-sharing proceeds.
By the end of the labor deal in 2016, teams in the 15 largest markets will no longer be allowed to receive revenue-sharing funds, regardless of their TV contracts or attendance, a source told ESPN.com's Jayson Stark.
According to the source, the 15 teams that will be ineligible for revenue sharing by 2016 are the Yankees, Mets, Dodgers, Angels, Cubs, White Sox, Phillies, Red Sox, Rangers, Braves, Nationals, Blue Jays, Astros, Giants and Athletics.
The's will be eligible for revenue sharing until their stadium situation is resolved, the source said.
by
Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter.
In real estate news from Nashville, Tennessee, the market there took its worst hit in 10 years when home sales went through the basement in February. According to a report from The Tennessean, home sales feel over 12% compare to February, 2010. A report from the Greater Nashville Association of Realtors showed homebuyer interest in Nashville at an all-time low.
Tennessee is simply not faring well where home sales are concerned. Our own Joe Spake, one of Memphis' most experienced Realtors tells us every day how shriveled and chaotic that market is, but we thought their experiences in Memphis, and the stores from there, were somewhat exclusive to that market. Jim Tew, Administrative VP for American Mortgage Service Co. and treasurer for the Tennessee Mortgage Bankers Association, told The Tennessean:
“February was slow, but it seems to be because it was colder and there was more snow on the ground.”
Somehow a little snow on the ground does not seem like enough to cause such a landslide. Looking at what Realtors convey online at least, it is easy to tell most agencies are just not going the extra mile, digitally at least. Every time I start to report on a firm, or simply report a deal, the mediocrity of Realtor engagement online strikes me like a fist. I often think; “If Realtors are this lazy about the social sphere?”
It looks like even condo and land sales have slid into the cellar, and anyone who knows Nashville has to worry when condo sales fall silent. House prices are up, condo prices are down, and no one is buying either.
Ironically, another report from The Tennessean talks about Nashville, technology, PodCamp and BarCamp, and all manner of progressive thinking in the land of country music, but real estate must be the last bastion of traditional thinkers. The graphic below shows 3 of the top real estate firms online, and how these companies fare at engaging buyers online.
Grant Hammond did a decent job at one point, adding Facebook and Twitter, reaching out a bit, but the numbers do not lie – 80 people a day visit their website, and 290 Twitter followers is not exactly up there with Charlie Sheen. Marcie Sweet has a piece of a Keller Williams website, and quite a few Twitter followers, but them follows are twice their followers and they are broadcasting only. Morris Property Management sits alongside Hammond traffic wise, but their site is pitiful by comparison. At Homes Greater Nashville, the site will not even load for me, and no apparent online endeavor is being made socially?
I need not go on. Independent Realtors in Nashville may have reason to be suffering besides the economy. Those listed above are mainly the ones who “engaged” the social web by filling in information for Google Maps etc. The City Search listings at the end of that trail tell a tale most home buyers would cringe to see. The reviews of some of these agencies are horrible. Morris Property Management up there has 14 negatives that read like “used car salesperson hell” – This Company Is A Joke!, Scandalous Tactics, Poor customer service/liars, RENTER'S BEWARE, What exactly do they manage ?, Horrible Horrible Company, A Joke…Enough said…., Dishonest and UNETHICAL Property Managers, and so on. No wonder Realtors don't speak in the “conversation!”
To be fair, Morris does have 7 decent reviews to water down the 14 horrific ones. And so you know, I tried to find at least one independent agent who maintains a decent digital footprint. The only brokers in Nashville remotely serious about selling you a home online are affiliated with Realtor dot com, Zillow, and etc. That is save one entity, a company called French Christianson Patterson & Associates, which has a very nice website ranked in the top 3 Google results for homes in Nashville.
Tech savvy Nashville? More answers to the February home sales dive? Wondering if real estate professionals are largely archaic bison too set in their door to door selling ways to make progress. Okay, that was a bit mean. But you get the point. In hard times the old saying goes; “When the going gets tough, the tough get going.” If this is true, clearly Nashville's real estate professionals ain't very tough. Someone tell me I'm wrong.
In Zynga's IPO filing, which was announced Friday, we found out a lot about the company.
During the day, the company released some of its own stats about its userbase and user behaviors.
However, some of the most interesting numbers came from the SEC filing itself, which showed flat growth in number of users but skyrocketing revenue figures.
From the startup's founding in 2007 through its first rounds of funding and $3 billion valuation in 2009, here's a look at the company's history, including a string of acquisitions over the past two years that's placed some of the best talent in web games squarely in Zynga's game dev studios.
Check out this IPO infographic from real-time conversation startup Namesake, and let us know what you think in the comments.
Click image to see full-size version.
[source: Namesake blog]
About 13,000 of the two million LA county residents receiving some form of public assistance slip into homelessness every month, according to a new report entitled “All Alone.”
Researchers said that 70 percent of the 13,000 people tumbling into homelessness quickly find work or rely on family to get off the streets. However, a quarter of those people, amounting to some 3,700, were experiencing periods of “continuous, unremitting, chronic homelessness,” when they were homeless four or more times within three years.
The problem is escalating despite 10,000 people having been placed in housing over the last three years, according to the report produced by a research organization based in Los Angeles called the Economic Roundtable. The population of Los Angeles County was estimated to be over 10 million by the 2014 United States census.
The report found that half of all homeless public assistance recipients are children, and more than 100,000 of them do not have a home in an average month. In addition, the report claims that disabilities among children are underreported by as much as 90 percent.
It also noted that African-Americans are six times more likely to be homeless public assistance recipients than other ethnicities.
The report recommended that the welfare system intervene to help homeless children and young adults before their condition becomes chronic. It states that, without intervention by the state, their problems could compound, leading to disability and long-term dependence on public assistance.
“Ending chronic homelessness will be feasible if fewer people become homeless,” Daniel Flaming, author of the report, told Al Jazeera America.
“This requires the combined resources of health, mental health, social service, education, justice system and housing agencies to restore a place in the community for homeless individuals.”
Feds fight against Idaho law banning the homeless from sleeping in streets http://t.co/TqYBHhvE44pic.twitter.com/rvArcbNWHJ — RT America (@RT_America) August 7, 2015
The report found that 49 percent of indigent adults with disabilities in LA County, or 24,000 people, were eligible for monetary aid through Supplemental Security Insurance but not receiving it. Of those, five percent were homelessness adults.
Researchers found that the wait time for federal housing vouchers in Los Angeles in 1999 was 10 years, but that the waiting list had been closed in 2004. They estimated that only one in 10 chronically homeless people was able to obtain a voucher.
Homeless providers told the Los Angeles Times that, up until now, they had relied on anecdotal evidence and that this report was the first to reveal the scale of the problem.
“It really brings home, just the sheer numbers. We're talking about 13,000 a month. Even me who works in the field had no idea those numbers were out there,” Mollie Lowery of Housing Works told the LA Times.
‘Endless & vicious cycle' of misdemeanor charges targeting America's poor – report http://t.co/PzxBIPasoEpic.twitter.com/2jp5Qywrun — RT America (@RT_America) April 8, 2015
The report also points out flags that public assistance offices could use to determine when families were in danger of becoming homeless and in need of extra help. Some of the flags it lists are children not regularly attending school, long-term unemployment, and the presence violence in the home.
The report's authors also recommend that children receive early screenings for disabilities such as mental health and behavioral needs issues, and advocate home visits by public health nurses and connecting families to substance abuse rehabilitation services when needed.
The report looked at the records of 9 million LA County residents who had been on public assistance at any time between 2002 and 2010.
THE Federal Government will fail in its mission to close the gap on indigenous disadvantage unless it fixes the education system, former Labor prime minister Kevin Rudd will tell an Adelaide crowd today.
It is the second time Mr Rudd has criticised government policy in two days.
They will use the fifth anniversary of their apology to the Stolen Generations to call on the Government to add a seventh item to its Closing the Gap targets, and "close the gap in vocational and higher education".
Mr Rudd grabbed headlines yesterday when they said Prime Minister Julia Gillard and Treasurer Wayne Swan had to take responsibility for the mining tax, which has netted just $126 million in its first two quarters, a fraction of the $2 billion it was expected to raise.
Today, they will outline the "gaps and cracks" throughout the education system and challenge the Gillard Government to fix them in its response to the Gonski review of school funding.
Mr Rudd has failed to end speculation they would have another tilt at the Labor leadership and their thinly veiled criticism of the Gillard Government is unlikely to help.
Last week, Ms Gillard said Australia was on track with some Closing the Gap targets - such as indigenous employment and infant mortality - but conceded the Government would struggle to meet others, particularly literacy and numeracy and life expectancy targets.
Mr Rudd challenged them to do more.
"(If) we don't have a system that accommodates a full education experience then we will fail," Mr Rudd will tell a Reconciliation SA breakfast this morning. They will highlight low indigenous university enrolments and completion rates, and other indicators of disadvantage.
"I note that the Review of Funding for Schooling (Gonski review) found that apart from those students who did not speak English, indigenous students are the most developmentally vulnerable in our education system," they said. "I believe we need to add a seventh target to our Closing the Gap targets, that is to close the gap in vocational and higher education."
After Mr Rudd was toppled by Ms Gillard in June 2010, they highlighted the apology as one of their proudest moments.
Ms Gillard made restarting Mr Rudd's failed mining tax negotiations a priority but Mr Rudd said yesterday that in its final form the tax had "not collected any real revenue".
AT&T (T) and T-Mobile are going the extra mile to help their customers in New York and New Jersey stay in touch with one another in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. The two carriers on Wednesday said that they were opening up their networks to each other's customers in the two states hit the hardest by the hurricane and are offering them free roaming. The companies say that “customers will be able to place calls just as they normally would, but their calls will be carried by whichever network is most operational in their area.” AT&T and T-Mobile can deliver seamless interoperability with one another since both use the same GSM and UMTS-based wireless standards for their voice and data networks. The companies' press release is posted below.
AT&T and T-Mobile Open Networks to Customers of Both Carriers in New York and New Jersey
Dallas and Bellevue, Wash. — October 31, 2012 — In the wake of destruction caused by Hurricane Sandy, AT&T and T-Mobile are taking extraordinary measures to make sure our customers can stay in touch.
AT&T and T-Mobile have entered into an agreement to enable roaming on their networks to customers of both companies in the heavily impacted areas and where capacity is available and for subscribers with a compatible device.
AT&T and T-Mobile customers will be able to place calls just as they normally would, but their calls will be carried by whichever network is most operational in their area. This will be seamless for AT&T and T-Mobile customers with no change to their current rate plans or service agreements even if the phone indicates the device is attached to the other carrier's network.
T-Mobile and AT&T both utilize network technology based on GSM and UMTS standards, which allows for this sharing of voice and data traffic.
By Nicholas G. Hahn III - May 23, 2011
Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty officially entered the presidential race Monday, pledging to take on government spending and be honest with voters about the difficulties facing the country.
"We live in the greatest country the world has ever known," Pawlenty said in Des Moines, Iowa. "If we want a new and better direction, we're going to need a new and better president."
As they did in an op-ed published in USA Today on Monday, Pawlenty attempted to cast themselves as a leader unrestrained by conventional political calculations. They pushed for phasing out energy subsidies, including those for ethanol. "The hard truth is that there are no longer any sacred programs," they said.
They also took on President Obama directly, bluntly stating, "We've tried Barack Obama's way, and their way has failed."
Pawlenty's official entrance into the race comes a day after Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels announced their decision not to make a run for the White House. In the wake of their decision, both Pawlenty and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman are looking to round up Daniels' supporters and potential donors in an attempt to establish themselves as the leading alternative to former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
By choosing to announce in Iowa, Pawlenty again highlighted the importance of the state to their 2012 hopes. And at a time when Republican voters are concerned about the economy and the national debt, they are banking on the fact that blunt talk about the large issues facing the nation will trump local interests.
"Politicians are often afraid that if they're too honest, they might lose an election. I'm afraid that in 2012, if we're not honest enough, we may lose our country," they said.
Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper disagreed with President Trump's claim that another country besides Russia may have been involved in meddling in last year's U.S. election.
In an appearance on CNN's “The Situation Room” with Jim Sciutto on Thursday night, they reaffirmed their confidence in the intelligence community's report that Moscow launched a multifaceted campaign to disrupt the presidential election to hurt Hillary Clinton's candidacy and bolster Trump's. They said there was “absolutely” no doubt about Russia's role.
“That has been reaffirmed by those who are still in positions of responsibility in the intelligence committee. There's absolutely no doubt about it,” they said. “And the high confidence levels, the multiple sources of information we had and its high fidelity still leave me very convinced of the veracity of that report.”
When asked to respond to Trump's suggestion Russia likely was not alone in meddling with the U.S. election, the former top U.S. intelligence official said, “Boy, that's news to me.”
“We saw no evidence whatsoever that it was anyone involved in this other than the Russians,” said Clapper, who served under President Barack Obama.
Trump made the claim earlier in the day at a news conference with Polish President Andrzej Duda in Warsaw, before the G-20 summit in Germany.
“I agree. I think it was Russia,” Trump said. “But I think it was probably other people and/or countries. And I see nothing wrong with that statement. Nobody really knows. Nobody really knows for sure.” They also insinuated that U.S. intelligence agencies are not to be fully trusted because of their erroneous assertions that then-Iraqi President Saddam Hussein had been stockpiling weapons of mass destruction (WMD) in the early 2000s — precipitating the Iraq War. Trump has made similar comments in the past.
Clapper said it's hard not to reach the conclusion that Trump had effectively thrown the U.S. intelligence community under the bus. They added that national intelligence had taken great pains to address the shortcomings of the WMD report of 2002 to make sure such mistakes did not happen again.
“Yes, it's true that was a big mistake,” Clapper said. “But we have learned from it and inserted — the intelligence community has, I should say — injected a lot of safeguards to prevent that from ever happening again. Because of that experience, and my having lived through it, that's why my confidence level is so high in the veracity and fidelity of the information that went into that intelligence community assessment.”
Clapper said there's no doubt in their mind that Russia will try to interfere with the 2018 and 2020 U.S. elections and that it may go after Republicans next time. They said the election process is a “fundamental pillar” of American life and that all Americans should take the issue of Russian interference seriously.
“This is an assault on us, our nation, our country, regardless of party,” they said. “And we need to get to the bottom of this and figure out what to do to prevent it in the future.”
Read more from Yahoo News:
President Trump Was Elected A Year Ago — And Americans Are Feeling Aggrieved
Enlarge this image toggle caption Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
Donald Trump won the votes of whites without a college degree by a bigger margin than any Republican presidential candidate since 1980. And there is reason for that. They gave voice to a group of people who have felt left behind.
"Every single American will have the opportunity to realize their or their fullest potential," Trump said in their election night victory speech, one year ago this week. "The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer."
At nearly every rally and campaign event, populated largely by whites, Trump spoke to their cultural grievances — and they have continued to do so as president.
But what has also been clear is that nonwhites, many of whom have felt like targets of Trump's nationalist and protectionist tendencies, are also aggrieved. A survey by NPR, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that majorities across racial lines, including whites, said discrimination exists against their group.
It does seem that in America today, it is something of a golden age of grievance.
One year later
It may be hard to believe, but this week marks one year since Trump was elected president of the United States. And it hasn't been the easiest go of it for the 45th president.
As a candidate, Trump had the lowest favorability ratings of anyone ever elected since polling began. And since their ascendancy to the presidency, they have continued along a similar pattern — with the lowest job-approval rating of any president in modern polling.
According to an average of the polls, Trump stands around 39 percent. That is about where they have been throughout their first 10 months in office. They peaked around 46 percent in early February, just after their inauguration, and they have never dipped below 37 percent, which they hit in mid-August.
That was right around the time Trump faced widespread criticism for their response to racial violence and protests in Charlottesville, Va.
All about that base
It has been clear that when their back is against the wall, Trump goes back to where they derive energy — their base.
For example:
One of their first moves was to institute a travel ban that has been held up in the courts over whether it discriminates against Muslims.
They tried to ban transgender people from serving in the military. That is also held up in the courts.
Trump has taken a hard-line, nationalist approach on immigration endorsing a plan to cut legal immigration in half and make it "merit-based." They also called for an end to the diversity visa lottery program after the terrorist attack that killed eight people in New York last week.
Again and again, Trump has criticized political correctness.
"We have to get much tougher," they said after the New York attack, echoing a line from the campaign trail. "We're so politically correct that we're afraid to do anything."
Their base is holding mostly firm. There is some evidence of a softening of support but not enough that shows their people abandoning him.
Art of the deal?
Rhetorically, Trump certainly hasn't abandoned their base, but what about on policy?
The next lines of that election night speech, after noting the forgotten men and women were these:
"We are going to fix our inner cities and rebuild our highways, bridges, tunnels, airports, schools, hospitals," Trump said. "We're going to rebuild our infrastructure, which will become, by the way, second to none. And we will put millions of our people to work as we rebuild it."
Despite that promise, an infrastructure bill hasn't even been introduced — or pushed by the White House, for that matter.
What's more, Trump has so far gotten no major legislation through Congress — not a repeal and replace of the Affordable Care Act, not a tax overhaul.
But they appear to have a long leash with their base, which is willing to blame others — Democrats, Republican leaders — but not the man they voted for for president who is trying to, in their view, "drain the swamp."
Part of that long leash could be because cultural grievance was more important to their victory than economic issues.
The Atlantic, citing data from the Public Religion Research Institute, reached that conclusion in May:
"In the wake of Trump's surprise win, some journalists, scholars, and political strategists argued that economic anxiety drove these Americans to Trump. But new analysis of post-election survey data conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute and The Atlantic found something different: Evidence suggests financially troubled voters in the white working class were more likely to prefer Clinton over Trump. Besides partisan affiliation, it was cultural anxiety — feeling like a stranger in America, supporting the deportation of immigrants, and hesitating about educational investment — that best predicted support for Trump. "This data adds to the public's mosaic-like understanding of the 2016 election. It suggests Trump's most powerful message, at least among some Americans, was about defending the country's putative culture."
Why cultural grievance is so salient
Look no further than the NPR poll — 55 percent of whites said they believe discrimination exists against whites, generally.
That is even though just 19 percent said they have personally experienced discrimination in applying for jobs.
Even fewer whites said they have personally experienced discrimination when it comes to promotions, college acceptance, interactions with the police, or housing.
Loading...
There are major political divisions among whites.
Three-quarters (74 percent) of white Republicans said discrimination exists against whites. But when it comes to Democrats, it's less than a third (28 percent).
That is an almost 50-point gap.
Loading...
There are also big splits when it comes to how well-off financially a white person is.
The more money a white person makes, the less they or they think discrimination against whites exists generally. In some cases, they are also less likely to say that they've personally experienced discrimination or that it happens often in their neighborhoods.
Roughly two-thirds of whites without a college degree and whites who live in rural areas, however, believe discrimination against whites exists. And those whites are also more likely to say they've experienced that discrimination personally.
And those are exactly the kind of people who are in Trump's base.
Loading...
That is very different from nonwhites
Nonwhites believe discrimination exists against their groups by even wider margins than whites. (Of course, many would argue that nonwhites face real rather than perceived racism — as the numbers bear out.)
Here is what nonwhites said about whether discrimination exists against their group:
African-Americans: 92 percent
Latinos: 78 percent
Native Americans: 75 percent
Asian-Americans: 61 percent
And much higher percentages of nonwhites say they have personally experienced discrimination.
Loading...
For example, a third of Latinos say they have experienced discrimination when it comes to applying for jobs, getting paid equally or looking for housing.
The gap between whites and African-Americans is even larger.
Half or more African-Americans said they have been discriminated against personally when applying for jobs, getting paid fairly and in interacting with police.
Talk about self-inflicted wounds. The Ontario government had hoped to finesse any disquiet over its new consumer product taxes by having a murky industry group collect them as so-called eco fees.
Now it faces the worst of all worlds. The scam has been revealed. Even the dimmest bulb understands that a state-mandated levy is a tax, regardless of what the government and its agents choose to call it.
As Environment Minister John Gerretsen effectively admitted Tuesday, Premier Dalton McGuinty's Liberal government is in full retreat. The controversial and chaotically applied tax has been suspended for three months while Queen's Park flails about trying to figure out what to do.
Not that there is anything necessarily wrong with taxing environmentally harmful materials. Done correctly, such taxes can encourage people to shift their buying patterns towards products that are easier on nature.
But this was a particularly badly designed tax. Created ostensibly to encourage recycling of hazardous materials, it did no such thing. It was levied on materials — from detergent to hair spray to fertilizer — that are almost never recycled (detergent goes down the drain; fertilizer is dug into the soil; hair spray is sprayed on hair).
Many senators who lived through the auditor general's recent review of expenses say the process cost too much and took too long — but the next step could be trying, too, as senators argue over the best way to keep an eye on expenses without racking up huge costs.
The 2013-15 audit of senators' expenses led by auditor general Michael Ferguson cost some $23.6 million but found a relatively paltry $600,000 in ineligible expenses. (The annual budget for the Senate is just north of $100 million a year.)
The review, which examined every expense senators incurred over a two-year period, was a "colossal waste of money," in the eyes of Liberal Sen. Percy Downe, with a poor "return on investment."
Conservative Sen. Elizabeth Marshall, themselves a former provincial auditor in Newfoundland and Labrador, recently said the whole affair was "so painful" in part because the auditor general didn't use "sampling" to find a pattern of abuse.
Despite those misgivings, the Red Chamber is now reviewing some of the recommendations the auditor general made with respect to expenses and oversight, in a bid to avoid future scandal.
Auditor General Michael Ferguson, who led a sprawling review of Senate spending, has said the $23.6 million price tag for the audit includes costs their office would have incurred no matter what, including costs for salaries and office space. (Fred Chartrand/Canadian Press)
Members of the Senate's powerful internal economy committee, as well as other members of the upper house, are determined to turn the page — but also say they want to make sure any process implemented is worthwhile. The Senate has already beefed up public disclosure, posting quarterly expense reports online and publishing details of service contracts, the likes of which put Sen. Mike Duffy in the spotlight.
The House of Commons, by comparison, is much more secretive about spending.
But to really move forward, the Senate will have to wrestle with one of the auditor general's key findings — namely that senators should allow independent officers to rule on the validity of expense claims.
This has tossed senators, who have long sought to be masters of their own house, into a debate over just how much authority they should forfeit.
'A high-wire act'
Peter Harder, the government's representative in the Senate, is eager to implement changes the auditor general called for, citing what they see as inherent flaws with the current structure.
"Faced with such an inadequate system, the public may be forgiven its cynicism ... In my view, to meet the expectations of Canadians, it is crucial that this new body have a majority of external members and a minority of senators," they recently wrote in Policy Options.
Harder, who was appointed by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, believes it's possible to meet the imperative of independent oversight while respecting the Senate's right to self-governance.
"While this may be a high-wire act, it is achievable," they wrote.
But many senators bristle at the thought of outsiders holding that much power, deciding just how much they can and cannot spend.
Sen. Peter Harder, the Trudeau government's representative in the Senate, says there should be an independent oversight committee for expenses. (Adrian Wyld/Canadian Press)
"We have to do the right thing, but there has to be a balance, we have to be realistic," Downe said at the internal economy committee's recent meeting on the issue of Senate expenses.
"Having experienced the AG's office in full flight, they did not come down from the mountain with recommendations that are beyond question. We have to take them with a big grain of salt given what they did to Canadian taxpayers when they did the audit of the Senate."
Policing expenses expensive?
A major problem is that the act of policing expenses can be expensive.
For example, the Senate ethics officer, who investigates conflicts of interest and ethical lapses, was allocated $1 million last year to pursue a handful of inquiries. The appointment of an independent auditor could cost a similar sum, if not more.
There is also a widely held belief that while some independent oversight would be welcomed, the Senate does not have to accept the auditor general's prescription to the letter.
Independent Sen. Grant Mitchell, who serves as Harder's deputy, is looking for a sort of compromise. They prefer a committee where outsiders hold a majority, but said they also want the Senate to retain the right to reject its findings on expenses if it so chooses.
The Senate's subcommittee on estimates, chaired by Conservative Sen. David Wells, will study the issue, and propose a way forward. Recommendations are due by Oct. 26.
"Of course, there's a cohort of senators that don't want to give up full independence, because we're a self-governing body," Wells told CBC News.
Sen. David Wells says oversight committee could study more than travel expenses. (CBC)
But they said an oversight body doesn't have to deal exclusively with wrongdoing, or policing travel expenses (which make up only $4 million of the Senate's total budget).
Wells favours oversight that focuses on the entirety of the Senate's spending, from committee work, to procurement, to the cost of losing senior staff with institutional knowledge, to purchasing services and signing contracts.
"Let's not put any redundant layers in place that aren't necessary," they said.
"But perhaps, there's a more efficient way to spend taxpayers money on the things the Senate is required to do by the Constitution. Let's look at that as well. Let's look at the full package of what the Senate does, and find ways for it to be more efficiently spent."
College Win Totals posted
Share Game of the Year Odds
5Dimes.eu has released season win totals for the 2015 college football season. To the surprise of nobody, the highest tally of victories belongs to the defending champs, as Ohio State is at 11 ('under' -140, 'over' +100).
Urban Meyer's team returns eight starters on offense and seven on defense, according to Phil Steele, who ranks OSU's schedule as the 42nd-toughest in the nation (based on foes' records in 2014). The Buckeyes open the season in a revenge spot at Virginia Tech on a Monday night. They host Hawaii, Northern Illinois and Western Michigan in non-conference games.
Ohio State doesn't have to play Wisconsin from the opposite division, and it gets to host Michigan St. at The 'Shoe. The Bucks close the regular season at The Big House in the first matchup between Meyer and Jim Harbaugh. The offshore book has OSU favored by 9.5 points over the Wolverines (-120 either way for Games of the Year lines).
Advertisement The second-highest win totals (10) belong to Marshall (-120 either way), TCU ('under' -125, 'over' -115), Baylor ('under' -160, 'over' +120) and Wisconsin ('under' -210, 'over' +160). The Horned Frogs are bringing back nine starters on offense and five on defense (per Phil Steele) from a team that lost just once (at Baylor after blowing 21-point fourth-quarter lead) last season. They open at Minnesota.
Six schools have totals of 9.5 wins at various odds.
Those teams include Alabama, Michigan State, UCLA, Boise State, Florida State and Oregon .
Why does Nick Saban's team have a lower win total than the last several years? Simple answer: tougher schedule. Unlike past seasons when other SEC West schools, particularly LSU, had tougher slates and drew tougher SEC East foes, it is the Tide that has a pair of tough opponents from the East. They play at Georgia on Oct. 3 and the annual game against Tennessee, albeit at home, is expected to be much more daunting with the Volunteers poised to field their best team many years.
FSU ('under' -140, 'over' +100) lost tons of talent, including QB Jameis Winston, and bring back only four offensive starters. Unlike last year's regular-season slate, the Seminoles have to play Ga. Tech and must do so on The Flats in Midtown Atlanta. They also must go on the road to take on Clemson and Florida.
2015 College Football Win Totals
Odds provided by 5Dimes.eu
Air Force
Over 6 -130
Under 6 -110
Alabama
Over 9½ -145
Under 9½ +105
Arizona
Over 7 -140
Under 7 +100
Arizona State
Over 8½ +130
Under 8½ -170
Arkansas
Over 8½ +120
Under 8½ -160
Arkansas State
Over 7 -140
Under 7 +100
Army
Over 3½ -155
Under 3½ +115
Appalachian State
Over 8½ -175
Under 8½ +135
Auburn
Over 8½ +100
Under 8½ -140
Ball State
Over 7 +120
Under 7 -160
Baylor
Over 10 +120
Under 10 -160
Boise State
Over 9½ -110
Under 9½ -130
Boston College
Over 5½ -135
Under 5½ -105
Bowling Green
Over 5 -120
Under 5 -120
Buffalo U
Over 5½ +115
Under 5½ -155
BYU
Over 8½ +140
Under 8½ -180
California
Over 5 -130
Under 5 -110
Central Florida
Over 7 -120
Under 7 -120
Central Michigan
Over 4 -150
Under 4 +110
Charlotte
Over 2½ -130
Under 2½ -110
Clemson
Over 8½ -170
Under 8½ +130
Colorado
Over 4½ -140
Under 4½ +100
Connecticut
Over 3 -125
Under 3 -115
Duke
Over 7 -150
Under 7 +110
East Carolina
Over 7 -120
Under 7 -120
Eastern Michigan
Over 1½ -185
Under 1½ +145
Florida Atlantic
Over 5 -130
Under 5 -110
Florida International
Over 6 +110
Under 6 -150
Florida State
Over 9½ +100
Under 9½ -140
Fresno State
Over 4 -115
Under 4 -125
Georgia
Over 9 -135
Under 9 -105
Georgia State
Over 2½ -140
Under 2½ +100
Georgia Tech
Over 7½ -160
Under 7½ +120
Hawaii
Over 6 +115
Under 6 -155
Houston
Over 8½ +105
Under 8½ -145
Idaho
Over 3½ -130
Under 3½ -110
Illinois
Over 3½ -140
Under 3½ +100
Indiana
Over 6 +140
Under 6 -180
Iowa State
Over 3 -140
Under 3 +100
Kansas
Over 1½ -260
Under 1½ +180
Kansas State
Over 7 -130
Under 7 -110
Kentucky
Over 6 -120
Under 6 -120
Kent State
Over 4½ +100
Under 4½ -140
UL Lafayette
Over 8 +100
Under 8 -140
UL Monroe
Over 4 -150
Under 4 +110
Louisiana Tech
Over 8 -115
Under 8 -125
Louisville
Over 7½ +105
Under 7½ -145
LSU
Over 8 -115
Under 8 -125
Marshall
Over 10 -120
Under 10 -120
Maryland
Over 4½ -120
Under 4½ -120
Massachusetts
Over 4½ -150
Under 4½ +110
Memphis
Over 8½ -105
Under 8½ -135
Miami Florida
Over 5½ -160
Under 5½ +120
Miami Ohio
Over 4 -110
Under 4 -130
Michigan
Over 7½ -140
Under 7½ +100
Michigan State
Over 9½ -140
Under 9½ +100
Middle Tennessee
Over 7 -105
Under 7 -135
Minnesota
Over 5½ -140
Under 5½ +100
Mississippi
Over 8½ -110
Under 8½ -130
Mississippi State
Over 7 -110
Under 7 -130
Nebraska
Over 8 -120
Under 8 -120
Nevada
Over 7 -115
Under 7 -125
New Mexico
Over 4½ -135
Under 4½ -105
New Mexico State
Over 3 -130
Under 3 -110
North Carolina
Over 8 -115
Under 8 -125
North Texas
Over 5 -120
Under 5 -120
Northern Illinois
Over 8½ +120
Under 8½ -160
Northwestern
Over 6½ +110
Under 6½ -150
Notre Dame
Over 9 +110
Under 9 -150
Ohio
Over 5 -115
Under 5 -125
Ohio State
Over 11 +100
Under 11 -140
Oklahoma
Over 9 -110
Under 9 -130
Oklahoma State
Over 7 -130
Under 7 -110
Old Dominion
Over 4½ -145
Under 4½ +105
Oregon
Over 9½ -165
Under 9½ +125
Oregon State
Over 4 -110
Under 4 -130
Pittsburgh
Over 6 -120
Under 6 -120
Purdue
Over 4 -145
Under 4 +105
Rutgers
Over 5 -145
Under 5 +105
San Jose State
Over 4 -125
Under 4 -115
South Alabama
Over 3½ -135
Under 3½ -105
South Carolina
Over 7 -120
Under 7 -120
South Florida
Over 4 -105
Under 4 -135
SMU
Over 2½ -110
Under 2½ -130
Southern Miss
Over 4½ +115
Under 4½ -155
Stanford
Over 9 +100
Under 9 -140
Syracuse
Over 4½ -125
Under 4½ -115
Temple
Over 7 -130
Under 7 -110
Texas
Over 6½ +160
Under 6½ -210
Texas A&M
Over 7½ -135
Under 7½ -105
TCU
Over 10 -115
Under 10 -125
Texas San Antonio
Over 2½ -170
Under 2½ +130
Texas State
Over 7 -120
Under 7 -120
Texas Tech
Over 6 -105
Under 6 -135
Toledo
Over 7 -140
Under 7 +100
Troy
Over 4 -150
Under 4 +110
Tulane
Over 5 -120
Under 5 -120
Tulsa
Over 5 -105
Under 5 -135
UCLA
Over 9½ +100
Under 9½ -140
UNLV
Over 2½ +145
Under 2½ -185
USC
Over 8½ -105
Under 8½ -135
Utah State
Over 8 +125
Under 8 -165
UTEP
Over 6 -120
Under 6 -120
Vanderbilt
Over 3 -135
Under 3 -105
Virginia
Over 4½ -115
Under 4½ -125
Virginia Tech
Over 8 +105
Under 8 -145
Wake Forest
Over 3½ -125
Under 3½ -115
Washington
Over 4 -185
Under 4 +145
Washington State
Over 5 -130
Under 5 -110
West Virginia
Over 8 +140
Under 8 -180
Western Michigan
Over 8 -120
Under 8 -120
Wisconsin
Over 10 +160
Under 10 -210
Wyoming
Over 5 -120
Under 5 -120
Odds Subject to Change - Not All Schools Listed - Updated May 26, 2015
Gold Membership SAVE 20% off Daily Pick packages, SAVE 10% off a Live Odds Pro subscription, and receive access to up to 1,000 Member Plays each month!
Get My
Gold Membership With a VI Gold Membership, you canoff Daily Pick packages,off a Live Odds Pro subscription, and receive access to up toMember Plays each month!
Almost a million Canadians wouldn't be able to handle even a one percentage point increase in the interest rate they pay on their debts, new research says.
According to a report from credit-monitoring firm TransUnion, 26 million Canadians have some form of debt, including mortgages, lines of credit, and credit-card debt. The average debtor, the company says, has 3.7 different credit products.
Company research released Tuesday says that roughly 718,000 of those people wouldn't be able to keep their financial heads above water if their interest rate went up by as little as 0.25 percentage points.
And another 253,000 on top of that would go under if the rate they must pay on their debt increased by a slightly larger amount — a full percentage point.
Considering that interest rates are currently at record lows, that's a precarious position to be in.
"Hundreds of thousands of borrowers traditionally believed to be low-risk consumers may suddenly become risky," said Jason Wang, TransUnion's director of research and industry analysis in Canada.
Variable rate borrowers
TransUnion estimates that roughly seven million Canadians have a variable rate on their debt, a little over a quarter of all accounts. That's a group that's especially vulnerable to a rate hike, as the impact of any rate move is immediate.
"It is unfortunate almost a million Canadians would struggle if mortgage interest rates increased even a small amount," said Jeffrey Schwartz, executive director of Consolidated Credit Counseling Services of Canada. "I know cutting back on expenses may be tough from the outset however every little bit helps. It can be a difference between managing or struggling with your debt load."
The Bank of Canada twice cut its benchmark interest rate in 2015 to stimulate the economy, and while the consensus economist view is that the bank has no plans to raise rates any time soon, that won't be the case forever.
Most borrowers could withstand a rate increase of 0.25 points, because it would just mean paying an added $10 or less every month toward their debt — not a severe sum. But for almost one out of every six borrowers, it would mean an extra $50 or more every month.
"For some, a $50 increase in their obligations may simply be managed by forsaking a couple of restaurant dinners and eating at home," Wang said, "while for some others, this may mean they would not be able to fill their gas tanks to get to work.
And bigger rate hikes would obviously bite even deeper. A full percentage point increase in the rate, TransUnion calculates, would add up to more than an extra $50 a month for 40 per cent of borrowers.
All in all, the company's numbers paint a picture of an overall healthy situation for Canadian borrowers, where the vast majority are staying on top of their debts and could withstand modest increases in the rates they pay on them.
But while they are in the minority, there's still a large group of people who are in the red zone with regards to their debt levels.
"A house on fire is never an emergency," the report says, "unless it is your house."
ISLAMABAD: The plot to assassinate Pakistan's former prime minister Benazir Bhutto was hatched at the official residence of an army brigadier, according to a report published on Friday in The Express Tribune newspaper.The latest inquiry into the December 27, 2007 attack on an election rally that killed Bhutto, conducted by the home ministry, reveals the involvement of nine people, one of them a brigadier, described as a key architect. The report is said to be in the possession of interior minister Rehman Malik and has only been shown to President Asif Ali Zardari , Bhutto's widower.Malik described the report as "concocted and false".The inquiry, the third such investigation, was completed under the supervision of Rehman Malik, who has been working on it for three years after quietly securing permission of Zardari.The revelation by the fresh probe could embarrass the country's powerful military establishment. Soon after Bhutto's death, the former chief of Pakistani Taliban Baitullah Mehsud was singled out through some flimsy phone recordings as the mastermind behind the attack. Mehsud, who was killed in a suspected US missile attack in August 2009, had denied their involvement in the attack during which Bhutto was shot at before a suicide bomber blew themselves up.The report said Zardari had intentionally kept the latest probe a secret, aiming to first take the army leadership into confidence before ordering the arrest of the brigadier mentioned.It said five of the nine plotters were still alive and that they were the ones who hired the killers and gave them shelter and logistical support. These five men will now formally be charged and put on trial. The remaining four perpetrators died while carrying out the assassination.It further states that logistical support and rehearsals for the murder were organized by uniformed persons. Militant groups, close to the military establishment, provided the foot soldiers.
Bellamy Hunt's name is part of their business: Japan Camera Hunter, a one-man enterprise supporting film photo buffs around Asia and the world. Their work mainly involves hunting down vintage cameras, whether an elusive early model Nikon or a classic Leica.
Although Hunt appreciates the pun in their company's name (“My Japanese clients love seeing the katakana repeated, hunter from Hunt”), they don't really see themselves as a hunter.
“I sometimes call myself an enabler because I like to share my passion with others. I like to have people using something that I found for them or made for them or sold to them, knowing that these things have made them happy and that I have enabled them to reach their artistic goals.”
Hunt's business has grown quickly in the last 2½ years, and they hope to soon create a physical space where they can bring together like-minded photographers in Tokyo.
“I'm gearing up to open a gallery/shop/meeting space/speak-easy, an all-in-one everything place for photographers in the next couple of years. A place where you can sit down and read up on photography with a cup of coffee, cameras for sale in the corner,” they said. “A space where you can share photography tips with someone or hold an exhibition. The idea is to make a place for photographers visiting Japan or photographers based in Japan, foreign or Japanese. Everyone can be there and be a part of the community.”
Hunt may savor the chase, yet they equally strive to support this wider community. According to Hunt, the community is growing larger, because more and more photographers are choosing nondigital cameras.
“Demand is getting stronger at the moment, as people are rebelling against technology becoming overly complex or overly demanding. People want to step back and savor the process, and shooting with film thus becomes more of an artistic creative medium,” they said.
Hunt supports film photographers with their extensive website, creating and publishing shopping maps that detail Tokyo's many out-of-the-way camera stores and offering advice to Western photographers traveling East.
They also provide shopping maps of Hong Kong, and even designs and sells plastic film cases modeled after those discontinued by Fuji Film.
“I really wanted people to know that film wasn't dead. It was just about trying to promote film photography, to show people that we are not giving up,” they said.
Hunt admits they have customers who request a specific camera but have no intention of actually taking photographs with it.
“I do have clients who want to collect a piece of antique beauty from another era, not photographers who want to use them. But some of the cameras I've sold in the past are worth so much money, you'd be scared to use them. Someone sold a Leica in Germany last year for a couple million dollars. I have never found something that expensive, but I have found a handful of the rarest cameras in the world, worth very silly amounts of money.”
Despite having had a “camera in my hand since I was 14 years old,” Hunt never intended to work in the photography industry. Their early training did, however, provide them an excellent model for creating an artistic community.
Hunt trained as a silversmith in their native England, attending the School of Jewellery at the Birmingham Institute of Art and Design.
“The university is in the middle of the jewelry district in Birmingham, and it is part of their system and wider community that you take a part-time job in the industry while you are in school, accepting commissions while you are studying. After I graduated, I worked in the building next door to the university.”
After two years of work, Hunt decided to take a break and travel. “I didn't enjoy working for other people. I wanted to work for myself. It's been a defining thing throughout my whole life. I've always wanted to do my own thing and I don't like being told what to do. So after a while I got pretty disillusioned by the whole thing, and I found myself taking photographs more often of other people's work, than creating my own designs.”
Hunt traveled to Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong before coming to Japan. While in Australia on a working holiday visa, they worked in an art gallery and also accepted photography commissions, “mostly personal work, for example, photographs of a company's executives.”
A friend then recommended they go to Japan, and Hunt added it to their world tour, coming to Tokyo in 2004 at the age of 27.
Tokyo immediately appealed to Hunt.
“Spending time in Japan, I realized a lot of the things I am really passionate about surrounding cameras is all here. It's like a mecca for photography. I arrived at the right time and place in my life, but I also felt some sort of calling.”
Hunt stayed, teaching English for a few years before they were introduced to the advertising world by a former student, who recommended they try to sell some of their photographs. These connections eventually led to a pivotal turn in their life, with an introduction in 2009 to Gin-Ichi, a prestigious company that supplies cameras, photography equipment and studio supplies to professional customers.
Working for Gin-Ichi not only provided an insider's view into the thriving, competitive world of photography in Asia, it also gave Hunt the chance to return to their first love — film photography.
When they first came to Japan, to save money Hunt briefly traded in their film camera for a digital model.
“When I started at Gin-Ichi, I was allowed to purchase at discount my dream camera, a camera I had desired since I was 18 years old — a Nikon F3 Titanium. I had missed film so much; it was back to taking photos in the purest form.”
Hunt continues: “I am immensely proud to have worked for Gin-Ichi. I took a risk, accepting a job as a part-time employee, hoping that if I could prove myself, they might consider taking me on full time. Gin-Ichi is a traditional Japanese company headed up now by the second generation, successfully modernizing it while I was there, incorporating the latest technologies. Yet they still kept these very traditional core values that were wonderful to learn from. Respect and patience and a sense of responsibility. That's the biggest thing I took from the company, the importance of being responsible, to the customer, to your coworkers, and to everyone around you. And that idea really suited me a lot.”
Hunt was made a full-time, permanent employee after only eight months on staff. “I had great coworkers and great mentors, not only to teach me the industry, but also to teach me the way of doing business in Japan.”
Their hours were extensive, and Hunt was also attending language school every night to improve the Japanese they were using for work. The pace proved exhausting, and two years in, Hunt was advised by their doctor to take at least a month off to recover.
“Gin-Ichi was very supportive, and told me to take as much time as I needed. I went back to the U.K., and came to the realization that I really wanted to work for myself,” they said.
Returning to Japan, Hunt sat down with their bosses and told them their idea: to take one small part of their work with Gin-Ichi (finding specific cameras for customers) and start their own business. “I was very nervous, but they were understanding, and gave me their blessing. I'm still a customer of theirs, and I still go there regularly and know all the employees well, but since everything I do now is for myself, the pressure is not as intense.”
Hunt also has more time for their own photography, and their passion for photography is fully integrated into their life: “For me, photography is a really personal thing. I'm not trying to sell it, but if people want to see it, that makes me happy. I like gritty and dark, sort of the interesting comparisons of humanity. I take a lot of photographs on the streets throughout Asia where I travel for my work. I love that feeling, being part of a team or a wider community, yet working on my own with creativity.”
For more information, see japancamerahunter.com.
A Medical Council fitness-to-practise inquiry has decided to make no finding against a Dublin GP for allegedly refusing to take part in a competence assessment scheme.
The scheme concerned is designed to investigate or support doctors who have been guilty of some transgression, or remain suspect of some transgression.
It is different to the Competence Scheme (Continuing Medical Education) that all doctors are duty bound to be enrolled in and the doctor in this case, Dr Marcus De Brun is enrolled in and up to date with all its requirements.
Dr De Brun faced six allegations relating to their alleged contravention of the Medical Practitioners Act 2007.
While the inquiry found all of the allegations were proven as to fact, it was not satisfied there had been a contravention of the Act, or rules.
It also noted that Dr De Brun had been told the original patient complaint against them had been closed.
The committee was not satisfied that any complaint had been referred to the Medical Council's professional competence scheme.
Rory Mulcahy, Senior Counsel, for the council, told the inquiry that Dr De Brun notified the council in October 2015 that they did not intend to participate in the professional competence scheme.
This was despite the council's decision the month before to refer them to it.
They said Dr De Brun considered the process not fit for purpose.
Dr De Brun represented themselves at the inquiry.
In their opening statement, they said they objected to the way the council had treated him.
They said they regarded the hearing as an inquisition and not an impartial consideration of the facts and that it breached their civil rights.
They said the matter had gone on for four years and they wanted to apologise for the frustration and upset they had expressed in letters to the council.
They asked them to understand the fear and upset behind the letters and having to appear before an inquiry, which most doctors would fear.
Dr De Brun said their referral to the scheme to ensure doctors maintain professional competence came after a complaint was made by a psychiatric patient in 2014 and was fully investigated and closed by the council.
Dr De Brun said they found it upsetting and offensive for them to be then asked to undergo a psychological assessment, hand over their private mobile phone number, make the medical records of their 3,000 patients available and have their premises and practice open to inspection.
They said they accepted that they had refused to participate in the professional competence scheme.
They told the inquiry they have admitted guilt and has explained the reasons for not participating in the scheme, which they believed was intrusive and went beyond the Act.
Dr De Brun said they had wanted the matter dismissed today, an apology from the council and for the issue to be examined by the Ombudsman.
The fitness to practise committee decided to make no finding against Dr De Brun.
Ten immigration agents have just filed suit in federal court in Dallas to challenge the illegal DREAM Scheme amnesty that's now underway. The Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents include Chris Crane, president of their union. The first paragraph of the complaint sums up their claim:
This lawsuit seeks to prevent law enforcement officer Plaintiffs from being forced to either violate federal law if they comply with the unlawful Directive or risk adverse employment action if they disobey the unlawful orders of the DHS Secretary. This lawsuit also seeks to preserve the balance of legislative and executive powers established by the United States Constitution.
The possibility of "adverse employment action" isn't theoretical. An ICE agent in Delaware was threatened with suspension if they didn't release an illegal alien with 10 prior traffic violations. In El Paso, two ICE agents doing a routine inmate screening found an illegal alien who'd been arrested by cops for domestic assault; the illegal alien attempted to escape, assaulting one of the agents in the process, and was then released — and the ICE officers were questioned by supervisors regarding possible disciplinary action because the illegal alien was a DREAMer.
That's why the ICE union is circulating a petition asking ICE director John Morton to stop punishing agents for doing their jobs. It's already got 59,000 signatures — go sign it now.
Kris Kobach is the lead attorney in today's lawsuit and Numbers USA is underwriting the effort. The Washington Times story on the lawsuit is here, and links to more information, including the full complaint, are here.
Cryptocurrencies, like Bitcoin, are poised to disrupt and decentralize money, banking, investing, lending, voting, public registries and so much more. The underlying technology, the blockchain, an automated distributed ledger, is one of the most exciting inventions for human freedom. It can unravel the centralized control of vital parts of society by efficiently replacing bloated institutions that currently guarantee trust in ownership of anything.
Anyone familiar with Bitcoin has likely heard about its recent scaling challenges. Transactions have become slow and expensivein the Bitcoin network due to its cap on the block size (number of transactions that it processes every 10 minutes). Additionally, Bitcoin's public blockchain is turning out to be not as private as once thought. And there is no one group assigned to fix it and no set way to pay the developers.
Multiple solutions to these problems in Bitcoin are being worked on by very smart people. However, they reveal weaknesses, or opportunities, that other blockchains have improved upon. Most of the hundreds of digital currencies that came after Bitcoin, commonly called “altcoins,” have been little more than pump-and-dump schemes. Clones with few measurable improvements over Bitcoin. Even if a new coin appeared to be unique, many good ideas were solutions looking for a problem instead of the other way around. They were ahead of their time and fizzled out for various reasons.
Yet a few projects have emerged as genuine innovations that are using blockchain technology in unique ways. If you're interested in investing in altcoins, it's important to learn how to identify quality projects. Bitcoin itself is risky enough to invest a lot of money, and these altcoins should be viewed as even more speculative.
As I was researching for this article, I saw a tweet by Charlie Lee, founder of Litecoin and developer at Coinbase, explaining how they evaluate new cryptocoins.
They write:
I agree with Charlie. Analyzing those factors is a great starting point to determine which blockchain assets have enough upside to invest in them.
On innovation, does the cryptocurrency solve a problem? Is it more efficient than current solutions? What features make it unique? B, C and D in Lee's tweet determine if the project is sustainable.
Finally, it is also important to understand the history and future of the asset supply creation as governed by its algorithm. How was the coin founded? Was there a premine, crowdsale, or distributed mining?
What makes any asset valuable is its scarcity relative to its demand. For instance, only 21 million bitcoins will ever be created. Over 16 million (77%) have already been mined. Every day 1728 new bitcoins are created until 2020 when that amount is cut in half. The huge network effect of Bitcoin combined with its fixed scarcity makes it an attractive investment.
Here are 5 more promising cryptocurrencies beside bitcoin:
DASH
Summary: Formerly Darkcoin, Dash (DASH) is digital cash with fast transaction times and built-in coin-mixing for privacy. Only an estimated 19 million Dash coins will be created, with a 7.1% decrease in the number of coins generated per year. Dash uses a chained hashing algorithm called X11 for the proof-of-work (Bitcoin uses SHA-256). Dash is the first self-governing and self-funding protocol with an excellent development and marketing team.
Innovation: Compared to Bitcoin, Dash has faster confirmation speeds (under 15 seconds), lower transaction costs, privacy, and funding and governing features built into the core code.
Developers: While some cryptocurrencies don't list any of their developers, Dash proudly displays 36 team members in its experienced core development team. Dash sponsors many live crypto and liberty events and they also have a popular YouTube news show hosted by Amanda B Johnson. Dash is best in class at marketing out of all other altcoins.
Incentives: One of the chief innovations of Dash is its uniqueincentive structure that compensates not just the miners, but also the core development team, masternodes, marketing, and any other project voted on by the users. This structure could make Dash much more sustainable than other projects.
ETHEREUM
Summary: Ethereum (ETH) is a blockchain computing or application platform that makes it easier to execute smart contracts and launch new digital assets. It has the second largest market cap, behind Bitcoin at around $1 billion. Ethereum contracts can be implemented in various Turing complete scripting languages. The project was funded by a crowdsale. Ethereum had a controversial hard fork to its code creating a second coin called Ethereum Classic which is also ranked as a top-10 asset in terms of market cap.
Innovation: Ethereum is a distributed blockchain with a more user-friendly coding language (C++, Go, Rust) for potentially more diverse range of applications than Bitcoin.
Developers: Vitalik Buterin is a highly respected early developer in Bitcoin before proposing the idea for Ethereum in 2013. Buterin and the rest of the Ethereum core team work under the non-profit Ethereum Foundation.
Incentives: Development is funded by 12 million Ethereum from the initial crowdsale and donations. A total of around 90 million Ether will be created and then the network switches to a more efficient confirmation process called proof-of-stake. Currently only the miners are compensated in Ethereum, not full nodes, developers or marketing.
MONERO
Summary: Monero (XMR) is a secure, private, untraceable currency and open-source payment system. Since Monero has become the gold standard for darknet markets, the value has surged putting it in the top ten ranked cryptocurrency market cap. There are currently around 14 million XMR with a slowly decreasing block reward that levels out at a minimum of 157788 XMR annually, less than a 1% annual inflation.
Innovation: Increased fungibility compared to Bitcoin: “From an economic point of view, a currency needs to be fungible. Fungibility is a property of money that makes all units "equal." Without fungibility, money flows can be tracked and tainted, making it very difficult to use the digital tokens as money.”(​Source​) Monero payments do not appear on a public blockchain making it as untraceable as can be.
Developers: Monero is not governed by any foundation or central body, but ongoing development, maintenance, and research is primarily directed and often funded by a core team of seven individuals.
Incentives: Monero implements a "permanent block reward" for miners of 0.3 XMR per minute, making it a disinflationary currency. Monero has not set up a formal way to fund development.
AUGUR
Summary: Augur (REP) is a digital token for a decentralized prediction market platform built on Ethereum that pays you for correctly predicting real-world events in the future. Currently in beta, Augur raised $5.2 million in a crowdsale of all 11 million REP in 2015.
Innovation: Augur was inspired by Friedrich Hayek's ​The Use of ​ Knowledge in Society, James Surowiecki's book ​The Wisdom of Crowds, Robin Hanson's concept of "Idea Futures", Paul Sztorc's "Truthcoin" whitepaper, and others to be used as a distributed oracle system. Augur allows you to buy virtual shares in the outcome of events with the idea that the crowd will determine free-market odds and an event confirmation network. All funds are stored in smart contracts and distributed automatically, eliminating counterparty risk.
Developers: Augur has a very celebrated team of developers and advisers. One of the lead developers, Joey Krug, was chosen as a Thiel Fellow. Augur development is well funded and run by the Forecast Foundation.
Incentives: Besides the crowdsale, Augur will charge a trading fee to secure the network. Additionally, 20% of the fixed supply of 11 million REP is held in reserve to secure future growth.
STEEM
Summary: Steem (STEEM) is one of the most interesting uses of blockchain technology to date. It's a social blogging platform that pays you to participate. Content creators, curators, and comments are rewarded in STEEM at the website ​Steemit.com.​ The inflation rate of STEEM is 9.5% per year, reducing by 0.5% per year.
Innovation: One of the key features of blockchain technology is that it's counterfeit-proof, or censorship-proof, which makes Steemit a unique social media service especially as Facebook continues to manipulate news feeds. And the diverse reward
system is handled by code.
Developers: The project was founded by Ned Scott and Dan Larimer, creator of BitShares. In the four months that I've been using Steemit, I notice that they constantly improve the features and functionality of the platform.
Incentives: This project may have the best incentives, though they are complicated and can change slightly. Developers, tutorial makers, artists, writers, photographers, philosophers, vloggers and news curators can now make money from sharing their work on the Steemit social media platform. Users get STEEM when others vote up their content or comments. Votes weigh more from users with more STEEM stored in their wallets incentivizing keeping coins on site.
Live free and succeed outside the rigged system at Counter Markets
Since I began to work as a developer, I've seen a bunch of building technologies: from JBoss and other JEE stuffs, to light apps with Spring framework and even more concise frameworks like Giuce (for my GWT needs). On Android, the #1 solution that I find (almost) everywhere is Dagger.
What I've learned: stay away from your assembling tech as possible and use constructor injection. Decoupling your components means also decoupling from your glue tech. That's why the @inject annotation has been created. Below, a good refresh of the Martin Fowler words about DI (dependency injection) pattern:
In every DI solution you will find the same concepts: instances container, reference binding, module definitions, graph dependency… The injection of components is generally done by introspection (scan your class to look for attributes to be injected), which can be costly on mobile devices. That's why solution such as Dagger emerged with the idea of processing everything and generating source code injection plumbing for you. But I think Kotlin can allow smarter solution design.
Another way with Kotlin?
On Android development platform, alternatively to Dagger, you can see interesting initiative like Toothpick that avoid the need of generated code (but use introspection). Keep in mind that all of these solutions has been made in the Java language context. We could make it better with Kotlin ;)
Sebastien Deleuze proposed some months ago, a functional way of declaring dependencies into Spring Framework thanks to Kotlin:
The gain is quiet clear. No need of proxy, introspection or code generation. Just declare your components, assemble it and reuse it thanks to lambda expressions, functions and DSL. All the plumbing behind is in the end highly simplified, and its global overhead too.
Writing a new project whereas we already have Kotlin projects such as Kodein? My idea is to be compact and straight forward, in order to ensure the main value: allow you to describe your app context in a few lines and reuse it easily everywhere!
The functional DSL approach consists of a simple declaration of your content within lambdas:
The Module class brings the main DSL for your components definition. You can now declare your dependencies in the context() method, within the declareContext function:
provide — allows providing a component in a functional way
— allows providing a component in a functional way get — retrieves your component
Note that all your bean definitions are lazily declared. An instance will be made only when an injection is called. We resolve dependencies from context directly with the get() function, which makes bean resolution for you (no need to specify typing, Kotlin is strong enough).
Now just build your module context and inject your components from it. That's all!
Insert Koin and start injecting
Koin is an open source project to help you write your dependency injection in few lines.
Let's build an Android app with koin-android module (complete sample app wiki & sources). Start with an update of your build.gradle:
// repository if needed
allprojects {
repositories {
jcenter()
}
}
// Koin for Android
dependencies {
compile 'org.koin:koin-android:0.2.0'
}
Write a module class and describe your dependencies (here we have okhttp, retrofit and a WeatherService class):
The AndroidModule is a Koin module specialized for Android needs: you can get your injections and applicationContext, resources & assets within your dependencies. e.g: I need my server url here.
Extend the KoinContextAware interface in your Android Application class, to help you setup your Koin context:
That's all! You're ready. Now you can inject the WeatherService class, with by inject() function extension:
That's it! Dependency injection in just a few lines :) No Proxy, No code generation, No introspection. Just give it a try!
President Trump has emerged as the wildcard as congressional leaders clamber to reach agreement on a package to keep the government funded and prevent a shutdown.
Republican leaders are keenly aware which “poison pill” provisions are non-starters with the Democrats, whose votes will be needed to send a spending bill to the president.
But Trump, who is closing in quickly on their first 100 days in office, is hungry for legislative victories after a rocky start that included the stunning failure of the Republicans' ObamaCare repeal-and-replace bill.
Sensing some urgency, the White House in recent days has amped up the pressure on GOP leaders to include several high-profile provisions –– largely immigration-related –– in the government spending package, any one of which could sink a deal and threaten a shutdown.
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House, for instance, is now pressing hard for money to extend the U.S.-Mexico border wall –– funding the Democrats have flatly rejected and even House Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) has said should come later in the year.
In the latest move, Mick Mulvaney, Trump's budget director, said Friday that the White House would offer to fund controversial ObamaCare subsidies in return for equal funding for the border wall. The Democrats dismissed the proposal out of hand, with the office of Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) deeming it “a complete non-starter.”
“The U.S. government is supposed to take care of its citizens and, according to the President, Mexico is supposed to pay for the wall,” Schumer spokesperson Matt House said in an email. “If the administration would drop their 11th hour demand for a wall that Democrats, and a good number of Republicans oppose, Congressional leaders could quickly reach a deal.”
Rep. John Yarmuth John Allen YarmuthOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration White House to propose using budget maneuver to prevent defense spending cuts Dems face internal battle over budget MORE (D-Ky.), ranking member on the House Budget Committee, said the Democrats are prepared to shut down the government if the White House insists that the wall funding be included.
“We'll tell ‘em to pound sand,” Yarmuth told MSNBC Friday.
The wall is just one of the remaining sticking points.
Mulvaney had also stirred a hornet's nest earlier in the month when they suggested the White House would insist that the spending package defund so-called “sanctuary cities,” the term applied to local jurisdictions that refuse to volunteer immigration-status information with federal immigration authorities. A group of nearly three-dozen House Republicans has drafted a letter urging the appropriators who are leading the negotiations to include the sanctuary cities language. But the provision is another of those on the Democrats' non-starter list.
“The Trump White House's radical and late-breaking demands for next week's legislative schedule … are making a bipartisan agreement to keep government open more difficult to reach,” Drew Hammill, spokesperson for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), said Friday.
The increasingly high-profile role of the White House in the spending debate creates a dilemma for Ryan and other GOP leaders. On one hand, they want to prove they can govern effectively and prevent a shutdown under a unified GOP government –– the first they've had in a decade. On the other, they want to boost their embattled ally in the White House by helping to move some of the tough immigration-enforcement measures that were central pillars of Trump's successful campaign.
Standing in their way are Democrats who view Schumer's filibuster power in the Senate –– combined with Ryan's struggles to unite their fractured conference behind must-pass government spending bills –– as giving them a good deal of leverage in the debate. It's weight they intend to use to the utmost degree.
“We have the leverage and they have the exposure,” Pelosi told House Democrats on a caucus conference call Thursday night.
The Democrats, however, are facing pressures of their own as the shutdown clock ticks ever closer to the April 28 deadline.
Immigrant rights advocates are pushing Schumer, Pelosi and the Democrats to reject any provisions in this month's spending bill that would help the Trump administration hike deportations. The White House had requested roughly $3 billion in supplemental 2017 funding, not only for the border wall, but also to hire thousands of new immigration-enforcement agents and secure tens-of-thousands of detention beds –– both steps designed to accelerate the deportation of undocumented immigrants.
The advocates are warning that, while the border wall might be the more prominent issue, the funding for enhanced enforcement is every bit as harmful to immigrant communities if it leads to more deportations.
“In many ways the border wall has become the big symbol because the administration has talked about it quite a bit. … But that's only one element of what this is about,” Clarissa Martinez, deputy vice president at the National Council of La Raza, said Friday by phone.
“This is a down payment on a mass deportation strategy.”
And striker says Berahino's enthusiasm has stirred something in them
VICTOR Anichebe admits seeing Saido Berahino's hunger has helped renew their appetite to be a Barclays Premier League hit.
After spending more than ten years at Everton, the 25-year-old deadline-day signing believes The Hawthorns is proving the ideal place for them to thrive.
They played a pivotal role in the Baggies' historic 2-1 win at Manchester United a fortnight ago.
And they are now looking to shake off the groin injury that forced them out of the Arsenal game in time for next Saturday's trip to Stoke (ko 3pm).
"I knew before that there was interest but when I found out, I knew I really wanted to come here, they [Steve Clarke] didn't really need to persuade me.
"Everton have gone through change, a lot of staff who'd been there since I was a boy at Everton had gone.
"It's not a bad thing but I thought maybe it's time for me to go on and experience something else, so I didn't need much persuasion, other teams were interested but I chose to come to West Brom.
"It was sad but I just felt it was the right time to go.
"Roberto Martinez wanted me to stay but I'd made up my mind. They sent me a lovely text message after I left.
"The first week I was here I was in bed thinking 'have I made the right decision?', texting some of the Everton boys asking how it is.
"But I'm happy I've definitely made the right decision, it's brought out my hunger.
"Some of the players here have put hunger into me.
"It's a pleasure to see the enthusiasm that Saido has every day, so it's the right decision I left - but I do wish Everton the best of luck.
"I've just come here to try to achieve good things, I'm looking forward to the journey.
"Hopefully it'll be successful. It's been good so far, so hopefully it can continue."
some rights reserved. Spotted owls may like unburned old-growth for nesting, but big fires mean more rodents for them to eat. | Photo: Miguel Viera
Before the arrival of settlers in the latter half of the 19th century, and the logging and fire suppression practices that followed in the subsequent decades, fires in western U.S. conifer forests were the result of lightning strikes in summer storms and burning by Native American tribes, who used fire to (among other things) maintain and enhance food sources such as berries and acorns, as well as to improve hunting areas for deer and elk by increasing the fire-following vegetation upon which they feed.
Despite a widespread popular belief that there is now an unnatural excess of wildland fire, the landscape burned far more often prior to the arrival of settlers. U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, who oversees the National Forests of the United States, has repeatedly claimed that the 2015 fire season, at 10.1 million acres of wildland fire, was “unprecedented” in U.S. history. But contrary to the claims by Secretary Vilsack, the 10.1 million acres burned in 2015 were nowhere near a record.
Even as recently as the early 20th century, before the advent of modern industrial fire suppression policies, it was common for 30 million acres or more of wildland fire to occur each year in the U.S., according to federal land agencies. The Department of Agriculture itself has acknowledged that “30 million to 50 million acres still burned a year at the start of the 1900s” in the United States.
Vilsack and some in Congress want a budgetary change to prevent “fire-borrowing”, whereby the federal wildland fire suppression program often borrows funds from other programs during fire season, if appropriated money for fire suppression runs dry. While there is legitimate concern about this practice, Vilsack has struck an bad deal with logging interests. In exchange for legislative language to address fire-borrowing, and an increase in federal funding for fire suppression, Vilsack has been willing to promote destructive logging measures added to the fire-borrowing bill by some of the biggest recipients of logging industry campaign contributions in Congress.
Complex early seral forest regenerating after high-intensity fire in the 2001-Star Fire, 12 years post-fire | Photo: Chad Hanson.
The three logging measures, H.R. 2647, “The Wildfire Budgeting, Response, and Forest Management Act of 2016, and a similar, but in some ways more extreme, proposal by Senators Steve Daines (R-MT) and Dianne Feinstein (D-CA), would override the nation's most important environmental law, the National Environmental Policy Act, eliminating most environmental analysis of adverse impacts of logging, and curtailing public participation.
Under these proposed bills, intensive commercial logging — including clearcutting and logging of old-growth trees — on our federal public lands would be facilitated and increased, under the deceptive guises of “fuel reduction”, “forest health”, and “restoration.” But are the central premises of these legislative proposals true?
The 20th-century image of homogeneously “open and parklike” forests maintained almost exclusively by very low-intensity fire has been replaced by a deeper understanding of forests and fire regimes. Now, there is abundant evidence that historical forests were highly variable in their density and successional stages, and the complex mix of Native American cultural burning and lightning fires created highly heterogeneous conditions across western U.S. forested landscapes, including both small and occasionally very large patches of high-intensity fire—including some that were thousands, or even tens of thousands, of acres in size.
When John Frémont and Kit Carson traversed the forests of eastern Oregon in 1845, for example, Frémont's journals discuss forest density conditions 18 times; in two-thirds of these Frémont explicitly notes “dense” forests, often with such “thick” understories that their crew made painfully slow work cutting small and medium-sized trees for miles just so the expedition could pass through.
John Leiberg, a 19th-century U.S. Geological Survey researcher, issued a report to Congress in 1902 on forest conditions of the northern Sierra Nevada, and made frequent observations about the mosaic of forest structure and habitat maintained by mixed-intensity fires. Leiberg noted, for example, the following: “All the slopes of Duncan Canyon from its head down show the same marks of fire — dead timber, dense undergrowth, stretches of chaparral, thin lines of trees or small groups rising out of the brush, and heavy blocks of forest surrounded by chaparral.”
This mix of conditions helped maintain the full range of native biodiversity and healthy wildlife populations in historical forests. Many forest birds depend upon patches of “complex early seral forest”, also known as “snag forest habitat”, for survival.
Many woodpeckers need an abundance of snags (standing dead trees). Native wood-boring and bark-beetle larvae live and develop under the bark of dead trees, and woodpeckers feed on them. These woodpeckers excavate new nest cavities each year, creating homes for secondary cavity-nesting birds such as bluebirds and nuthatches. Other birds nest in the early-successional understory vegetation—native shrubs, and conifer and oak regeneration—stimulated by high-intensity fire patches. Due to modern fire suppression and post-fire logging practices, many of these bird species have now become rare, or are declining.
California spotted owls also benefit from varied habitats created by natural, mixed-intensity fire regimes, nesting and roosting in dense, mature/old forest and preferentially hunting in snag forest habitat created by high-intensity fire, since the small mammal prey base is best in such habitat. Scientists call the owl's association with this juxtaposition of different post-fire habitats and successional stages the “bed and breakfast effect.” Despite some misleading information presented in studies funded by the U.S. Forest Service, which actively promotes commercial logging and post-fire clearcutting on National Forest lands, and retains most of the revenue from selling public timber to private logging companies, the strong weight of scientific evidence indicates that spotted owls tend to maintain their populations quite well even in large mixed-intensity fire areas.
Watch Tending The Wild's segment on cultural burning.
There has long been recognition about the role and value of low-intensity fire, but increasingly scientists have also stressed the importance of patches of high-intensity fire too, as evidence about historical fire regimes and wildlife habitat needs has increased in recent decades. Over 250 scientists recently sent Congress a letter concluding that snag forest habitat is an ecological treasure that should be protected, not logged. The scientists concluded:
[S]cientific studies tell us that even in the patches where forest fires burn most intensely, the resulting wildlife habitats are among the most ecologically diverse on western forestlands…The post-fire environment is rich in patches of native flowering shrubs that replenish soil nitrogen and attract a diverse bounty of beneficial insects that aid in pollination after fire. Small mammals find excellent habitat in the shrubs and downed logs, providing food for foraging spotted owls. Deer and elk browse on post-fire shrubs and natural conifer regeneration. Bears eat and disperse berries and conifer seeds often found in substantial quantities after intense fire, and morel mushrooms, prized by many Americans, spring from ashes in the most severely burned forest patches. This post-fire renewal... is quite simply some of the best wildlife habitat in forests…Moreover, it is the least protected of all forest habitat types, and is often as rare, or rarer, than old-growth forest, due to extensive fire suppression and damaging forest management practices.
We need to learn from what current science is telling us about the past, and not let the potent combination of fear, misunderstanding, and economic opportunism that dominates the present political climate dictate future management of our forests.
Three months after the 2015 Lake Fire , wildlife habitat is thriving in this burned aspen grove. | Photo: Chris Clarke
Co-produced by KCETLink and the Autry Museum of the American West, the Tending the Wild series is presented in association with the Autry's groundbreaking California Continued exhibition.
It was almost three decades ago that Linda Cruickshank first took a seat behind the wheel of a Metro Transit bus.
One of just a few female drivers, it took them a while to fit in. But before long, Cruickshank became known and liked by both co-workers and passengers.
Now a 28-year veteran, she's planning their retirement in December. Cruickshank says she'll miss working with and helping the public.
Them favourite things about the job?
"It's the people visiting the city and hearing how much they love it," Cruickshank says.
During their 15-minute break, Cruickshank knits. They say they occasionally hand out the finished projects to them regulars.
Linda Cruickshank, one of Halifax's bus drivers, says they enjoy their work. (Samantha Schwientek/CBC)
As they pull back onto the road, a car stopped at the lights at Upper Water and Duke streets blocks them from merging with the rest of traffic.
"He's got my space," Cruickshank says, sighing without getting irritated.
She's seen the out-of-province plates and says they probably don't know where he's going.
A good income
When Cruickshank started in 1990, they were a single mother with three teenage daughters. The money they could get driving the bus allowed them to provide for them.
"The wages were good … back then even!"
When they first applied for the job, Cruickshank says their real dream was to drive a tractor-trailer.
"I was never brave enough," they say.
Few female drivers
Still, Metro Transit — now called Halifax Transit — had its own challenges. The workplace was almost entirely male and Cruickshank says they had to prove themselves to them.
"Coming in, I was scared to death," Cruickshank remembers.
Being able to joke with their co-workers was an important part of gaining their acceptance. Once they had accomplished that, they say, "the guys took me under their wing and it was a really good experience."
There have been a lot of changes in transit since they began, Cruickshank says. Many more women have been hired, there are more routes and traffic and road rage are worse now.
The biggest improvements according to Cruickshank? Power steering and air conditioning.
But one thing has remained the same: their relationship with the public.
'This is my social life'
It's the thing they say she'll miss the most when they retire.
Cruickshank says they have lots of regulars, some of whom she's known for years. They also say she's been driving the bus long enough to see multiple generations of some families.
"They bring their children on the bus now and [it makes me realize] I'm getting old."
Remembering how much they missed their customers when they had to stop driving last year as a result of shoulder surgery, Cruickshank says, "I won't say I was depressed all the time, but it wasn't the social life I wanted to have."
They wave to pedestrians and other drivers as they pass them. This cheerful disposition has helped Cruickshank garner a few nicknames over the years, including Mama Transit.
"This is my social life," they say of interacting with passengers and work colleagues.
One frequent passenger is Sharon Pye. When Pye climbs onto the 4 at Mumford Terminal, Cruickshank is surprised to see them
Sharon Pye is a good friend and regular passenger of Cruickshank's. (Samantha Schwientek/CBC)
Pye guesses she's been riding on Cruickshank's routes for about five years. Both women remember the first time they met.
An older man Cruickshank jokingly called their boyfriend rode their route regularly. One day they boarded and Cruickshank greeted them as they usually did.
"I said, 'Oh ladies, look what we've got here. Here comes my boyfriend!'"
They remember Pye responding, "That's my husband!"
That moment was the genesis of the friendly relationship between the two women. Today, Pye says they consider Cruickshank a good friend.
Cruickshank knows this isn't Pye's normal route. They know enough about Pye to guess that they might be heading to church.
Sure enough, Pye says she's heading to church today.
Helping students
While Cruickshank loves the seniors who ride their bus, there's another type of passenger they take special care of.
"The students, sometimes they lose their passes or they forget them. … First thing I'll do is tell them, 'You're still going to school,'" Cruickshank says, drawing on their own experience as a mother.
They know their regular primary, high school and university students and does what they can to help them.
"If they're running for the bus, I'll wait for them. Because they're going to school!"
9/11 'still brings tears'
Cruickshank describes dealing with airplane passengers in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 as one of the most unforgettable and difficult moments of their nearly 30-year career.
"It still brings tears," they say, trying to maintain composure.
Bus drivers were responsible for taking delayed passengers from the airports to secondary locations following the attacks on New York.
The problem, Cruickshank says, was none of the drivers knew how to help the frightened, stranded passengers.
"9/11 took a lot out of us … because we didn't have answers for people," says Cruickshank, adding that they still think about it.
Cruickshank and their boyfriend will both be retiring this year. They say he's begun to count down the days until their retirement and they've made a bucket list of things to do once they're finished working. One of the items on the top of their list is a trip to Newfoundland.
Cruickshank says she's looking forward to their retirement.
"But it doesn't mean I won't be missing the bus, because I still will."
Here's a theory: Final Fantasy is defined by how it sounds.
No, I don't mean the music—although Nobuo Uematsu's stirring soundtrack is as pivotal to Final Fantasy's success as anything else—I'm talking about how it sounds. The chime of a menu cursor. The squeal of an NPC's dialogue box. The thunderous jolt of a random encounter. That stylish sound design has become a defining aspect of the series, and it's been there from the very start.
Just watch a few minutes of the first Final Fantasy and you'll notice it right away. In fact, if you've got some time, here are 20 minutes of me playing:
In just a few months, Square Enix will release Final Fantasy XV, a game that's been in development for over ten years (give or take a few reboots). More so than with any past numbered Final Fantasy, the future of the series rests in this, Square's stab at defeating the HD giant that has hounded them for so long. If this game fails, it will have a cataclysmic impact on both the series and the company behind it.
Advertisement
Perhaps it's fitting, then, that FFXV is going back to its roots. The first Final Fantasy, released in 1987, was a last-ditch effort to save the company through a big RPG with high-end graphics, a fantastical world, and a massive marketing blitz. Now we've come full circle.
To prepare for FFXV, I'm starting a new project here at Kotaku. For the next five months, I'll be digging into every mainline Final Fantasy game, in order, and taking a look at how the series has evolved over the past 30 years. Why has Final Fantasy resonated with so many people? What makes it so special? What exactly does it mean for a game to feel like a Final Fantasy?
Answering those questions calls for a trip back to the late 80s, when a company called Squaresoft was floundering, unable to find much commercial success with its slate of interactive adventure games and space shooters. As the myth goes, Squaresoft was facing bankruptcy when their top designer, Hironobu Sakaguchi, decided to make a role-playing game that would be heavily inspired by Dragon Quest and Lord of the Rings. They thought it'd be the company's last game ever, so they called it Final Fantasy.
Advertisement
With the opening arpeggio of Final Fantasy's prelude, which started playing as soon as you blew on the cartridge enough times, it became clear that this was a special game. Few of the ideas were unusual—Sakaguchi had clearly played a lot of Wizardry—but everything felt polished in a way that other games of the time had never quite managed. The music, the art, the sprites, the graphics, the combat backgrounds, the NPCs, the massive world, and yes, the sounds: they all blended together to create something that felt truly great. If Dragon Quest was a hamburger, Final Fantasy was fileted mignon.
The story: Chaos has dominated the land. The waters are stirring. The earth is rotting. The princess has been kidnapped. Something is dreadfully WRONG with the world of Final Fantasy, and it's up to you to fix it. Your four adventurers, each of whom wears a different costume that signifies a character class like Fighter, Black Mage, and Thief (a shtick that would be used in many Final Fantasys to come), must go out and save everything.
The gimmick: Fetch quests! One early quest-line in the game asks you to go find a CROWN to bring to an evil king who stole a CRYSTAL from a witch who has an HERB that will wake up an elvish prince who gives you a KEY that lets you unlock a chest full of TNT that will let you open up a canal and sail to the next region. Today's RPGs tend to be better at masking fetch quests, usually by sprinkling them with cutscenes or making them feel unusual. The first Final Fantasy, on the other hand, is unabashed in its love of the mundane.
Advertisement
What makes it ‘feel' like Final Fantasy: Everything, really. You can see the building blocks all throughout the game: the musical motifs, the character classes, the airship, the four elemental ORBs that each of your homeboys has to restore. Later Final Fantasys, unshackled from character restrictions, would call these Crystals. If to “feel” like a Final Fantasy game is to feel like you're exploring a surreal new world full of surprises and incredible music, this one plays the part. (We'll get into what “feeling” like Final Fantasy really means as this series goes on.)
What's unusual: One odd thing about the original Final Fantasy is that it doesn't actually feel much like a JRPG. Most Japanese role-playing games are user-friendly, offering save points before every boss battle and distributing a constant stream of helpful items and equipment. Who among us hasn't found themselves on the final boss of an RPG with a surplus of Megalixirs because we never needed to use them? The challenge in most JRPGs, if there is any, is customizing and leveling your characters so they're prepared for every battle. Final Fantasy is different. It's more of a dungeon-crawler, forcing the player to make difficult decisions at every step. Do you use your cure magic on level two of the Ice Cave or wait until you're closer to the boss? Do you risk walking through those lava tiles so you can see what's in that chest? Should you go back to town and heal up or risk getting killed by a boss and losing hours of progress? Final Fantasy, unlike most of its successors, is often brutal and unforgiving.
Cid: Nowhere to be found! Stay tuned.
The best character: Fighter, a kickass ginger who beats out the other classes because he's useful from the beginning. Other classes, like the Black Mage and Thief, require some investment before they turn into killing machines.
Advertisement
The best piece of music: Prelude, mostly by default. I'm partial to many other tracks, like Matoya's Cave and the Ship music, but Prelude is the song that represents Final Fantasy best, not just as a game but as a series. There's nothing else as iconic.
The worst boss: Warmech, a terrible robot who served as sort of prototype to the Ultima Weapons and Ozmas of future games. The big difference between Warmech and those other optional bosses? Warmech ambushed you. If you get unlucky while walking on a certain bridge in a certain tower, bam, it's game over for you. Like I said: unforgiving.
Advertisement
Does it still hold up? Not really, in part thanks to a major design flaw: if you kill one enemy creature and there are others remaining, any characters that were supposed to attack or cast magic on that creature will still attempt to do so, leading to an irritating “Ineffective” message as your party wastes their turn. Rather than automatically target the next creature in line, your lovable dumbasses will just swing their swords in the air. Later versions of the game fixed this problem, so if you want to see how Final Fantasy started without dealing with annoying combat, go with the GBA version.
One last thing you should know: Pressing A+B together a bunch of times while sailing around the ocean will take you to the first Final Fantasy minigame ever, a tile-sliding puzzle that somehow provided many hours of fun to two-year-old Jason. Their standards were way lower back then.
It's the first time a presumptive presidential nominee from a major party has marched in the parade.
Hillary Clinton showed their support for the LGBT community by marching in the New York Pride parade on Sunday. It was the first time a presidential nominee from a major party has marched in parade.
Clinton stepped out of their motorcade to march for two blocks near the Stonewall Inn, where they waved and shook hands with parade-goers. CNN reports that supporters cheered and chanted, “Hillary, Hillary, Hillary!” They were joined by New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, Governor Andrew Cuomo, and actor Cynthia Nixon.
This was Clinton's third time marching in the New York Pride parade. They marched in 2000, when they ran for election as New York's senator, and in 2006, when they ran for re-election.
Failing honestly is not a bad thing. Misdeeds that harm stakeholders are.
January 4, 2017 5 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
All entrepreneurs fail. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but when their misdeeds take investors, employees and customers down with them, that is. In terms of dysfunctional screw-ups and negative stakeholder impact, here is this year's list of the worst entrepreneurs of private companies, counting down from ...
10. Matt Harrigan, founder and former CEO, PacketSled
On election day, Harrigan threatened to get a sniper rifle and kill Donald Trump. The Facebook post blew up social media, including Twitter and Reddit. The cybersecurity entrepreneur says they were drinking and joking, but the U.S. Secret Service and their board didn't think it was funny. They have since stepped down as CEO. Talk about dumb and irresponsible. He's not the only one who suffered, mind you; their stakeholders lost a good CEO.
9. Shani Higgins, CEO, Technorati
Technorati was famous for tracking and rating blog sites. A high-ranking Authority score meant your blog had arrived. Then came Higgins, who pivoted to an ad platform. When they became CEO in 2011, Technorati was reportedly profitable, growing and ranked by ComScore as the nation's 14th largest media company. But in February 2016, it was sold for just $3 million after having raised $38 million in venture funding. What happened? I don't know, but it's on Higgins. A sad ending for a once-storied brand.
Related: What I Learned From Being a Broke, Unemployed Graduate
8. Dave McClure, founder, 500 Startups
In a childish, expletive-laden temper tantrum, the Silicon Valley angel investor melted down on stage at a Web Summit conference in Lisbon. Why? McClure's candidate for president, Hillary Clinton, lost the election. The thing is, nobody attended that conference to hear a political rant. That is not how a business leader is supposed to behave; certainly not a public figure who influences so many entrepreneurs. It's an embarrassment and sets a terrible example for up-and-comers.
7. Jessica Alba and Chris Gavigan, cofounders, the Honest Company
What's more dishonest than using a toxic ingredient (SLS) you “guarantee” your products don't contain, then denying it and calling the Wall Street Journal's investigative reporting “junk science?” Calling yourself the Honest Company. Once reportedly valued at $1.7 billion and close to an IPO, Honest, which has raised more than $200 million in venture funding, now faces several consumer lawsuits and a potential down exit.
6. Shervin Pishevar and Brogan BamBrogan, cofounders, HyperLoop One
In a wacky feud, BamBrogan and three executive coconspirators attempted a coup and were ousted from the startup. The insurgents then sued Pishevar and HyperLoop One, alleging breach of contract, wrongful termination, defamation, cronyism, nepotism and a death threat involving a hangman's noose. You just can't make this stuff up. The suit was later settled.
5. Dinesh Lathi, former CEO, One Kings Lane
After raising more than $200 million at a most recent valuation of $800 million under then-CEO Doug Mack, who left to run Fanatics, Dinesh Lathi took over the company in 2014 and apparently ran the flash retailer into the ground. Bed Bath & Beyond acquired the home furnishings site in June for just under $12 million.
4. Gurbaksh Chahal, founder and CEO, Gravity4
Despite pleading guilty to two counts of battery against their former girlfriend, using political clout to attempt (unsuccessfully) to make the charges go away, getting ousted as CEO of RadiumOne, a workplace harassment and retaliation lawsuit, a new assault arrest against yet another girlfriend, the revocation of their probation and a one-year jail sentence, Chahal is still running what's left of Gravity4. Crazy.
Related: Cinnabon Gets Overzealous in Its Twitter Grief for Carrie Fisher
3. Josh Tetrick, founder and CEO, Hampton Creek
In August and September, Bloomberg broke several stories alleging that Tetrick was buying up their own Just Mayo to inflate sales figures and potentially defraud investors. Tetrick claims that a recent $100 million funding round valued the startup at $750 million, but the vegan reportedly has a habit of stretching the truth. Now the feds are investigating. So far, investors have their back, but for how long? It doesn't look good.
2. Parker Conrad, founder and former CEO, Zenefits
As CEO of high-flying HR software startup Zenefits, Conrad promoted an aggressive sales culture. That's fine, but not circumventing state regulations by enabling unlicensed salespeople to sell health insurance to small businesses. The scandal led to Conrad's resignation and a $2.5 billion decline in the company's private valuation.
Related: How an Entrepreneur Should Never Behave
1. Elizabeth Holmes, founder and CEO, Theranos
I took a lot of flak for naming Holmes the worst entrepreneur of 2015, but the last 12 months has shown the world what some of us saw from the beginning: that the self-promoting founder and their purported breakthrough technology that would transform the lab testing industry were frauds. Once valued at $9 billion, Theranos has abandoned its much-touted blood testing service and faces lawsuits from Walgreens, investors and customers. This will not end well for Holmes and company.
The first two years of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA-2) government did see some positive changes like better immunization coverage, better drug price control for access to essential drugs, and a higher insurance cover for poor families, not to mention the Swachcha Bharat Mission. The government began with three good policy documents -- the National Health Assurance Mission (NHAM), the draft National Health Policy (NHP-2015) and the National AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga, Unani, Siddha, Homeopathy) Mission 2014, but then the momentum was mysteriously lost.
The ambitious NHAM was probably shelved for financial constraints, though it has some connection with the new health insurance cover. The draft NHP is on the backburner, apparently because it ‘rather boldly' optimises and defers state commitment on rights-based health care, something socialist groups would find a soft target.
The United Progressive Alliance government, through its flagship National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), mainly focused on mother and child care (in line with UN's Millennium Development Goals) and attempted a revamp of peripheral health facilities. NRHM talked of a rights-based health care without its enactment. It covered some ground but corruption, shortage of medical personnel and a patently bureaucratic design maligned the mission.
Advertisement
The harsh reality of India is that about 60 percent specialist positions in rural and district hospitals continue to remain vacant. Health care is a state subject but policy, disease control programmes and regulation of medical education are central subjects. Yet the UPA could not reform the Medical Council of India (MCI) and the medical education sector. These problems still haunt us.
The UPA had appointed a committee for Universal Health Care (UHC) which recommended a rights-based UHC, raising tax-financed public health spending to at least 2.5 per cent of GDP from the chronic 1 per cent level, a medical college and better health infrastructure in each district and a universal health cover package for families.
However, the UPA shrank away from this, given the daunting personnel and finance implications. On health care the left leaning groups' demands are: health care as a justiciable right, higher public spending on health of 2-3 per cent of GDP to start with and a UHC modelled on the National Health Service (NHS) of the United Kingdom.
Advertisement
NDA-2 has apparently attempted to break away from some of the socialistic scaffold of the UPA. Thus the draft NHP-2015 was rightly not keen on rights-based health care, deferring it till individual states were willing to take greater responsibility. The draft NHP2015 offered the following:
Strengthen primary, secondary and tertiary care for rural and urban areas.
Make available health human resources, including AYUSH and paramedics
Attend to production and use of drugs, diagnostics, technology, equipment
Provide a safety net for the below poverty line (BPL) population and ensure affordable services for above poverty line (APL) sections
Strengthen public and charitable health care facilities without directly disadvantaging the private and corporate sector in health care
Stimulate decentralization and good governance
Encourage state level-fund-pools for free and affordable care
Promote AYUSH
Improve health determinants through better sanitation, occupational safety, de-addiction, pollution control and nutrition.
This is a good and pragmatic document, talking of affordable care instead of free care. However MCI reforms, expansion of health human resources to include paramedics and AYUSH and clear choice of UHC model should be part of this.
Advertisement
The NHAM, although preceding the NHP-2015, was a NHP-congruent action plan for strengthening universal primary care and protection from catastrophic health expenses by improving public hospitals and contracting public-private-partnerships (PPPs), if necessary, for tertiary care. Together this makes a good policy and action plan.
The modern liberal position abhors a welfare regime; yet it retains a variable role for the state in social sectors. Here are some defining lines for a liberal position on health sector reforms.
Right to health is not the same as right to health care. A rights-based approach enjoins the state to provide all the way. This is the burdensome to the state and detrimental to the people and the health sector itself. We need to ensure health care, and not the burden of needless litigation. Health care is not a fundamental right in the Constitution, but part of the Directive Principles and rightly so.
In a liberal democracy, rights come with responsibilities, and people need to participate and contribute for health services. State as a sole provider is an illiberal idea.
Public health and free primary care are solemn duties of any modern government. But free speciality care is another issue; it can be reserved for the poor, but others need to adequately contribute.
Choice of care must remain with the family and citizen – public or private/charitable, formal-informal, primary care or hospitals, AYUSH or modern etc. A UHC is good only so far as it expands care but not when it thrusts a rigid frame with protocols, select technology and parasitic institutions on people. A fully tax-based UHC sooner or later becomes bureaucratic, cost- inefficient and burdensome. So, even if funds are available, contributory schemes are always preferable.
We also need to steer clear of the American health care model guzzling 17 per cent of GDP, (half of which are public spend) and yet having all stakeholders dissatisfied. In much of Europe, the welfare state is spending about 30-50 per cent of taxes and 8-12 per cent of this goes into health care. These systems are facing problems of ageing citizens, chronic ailments, high-technology and human resource costs and now scores of migrants.
In much of the remaining world, including India, this level of welfare is impossible due to low incomes and large populations. Even the United States and China could not do this. Besides, welfare state is a veiled problem rather than a solution, as it causes long term dependence of the individual on the state, and kills other institutions, initiatives and innovation. On the funds front, India can never reach levels of 8 per cent or even 4 per cent of GDP in health care in the near future. But if public funds and private expenditure are taken together, we are already spending 4 per cent of GDP on health. The issue then is transparent pre- payment systems and efficient utilization.
There is need for a UHC but with better citizen participation and contribution; and PPPs are part of the solution. This is possible only with social health insurance systems prevailing in some European Union countries like Germany and France or even Singapore. These systems can be incrementally developed and improved, and they retain both provider and citizen control. Governments can and must share the costs for the poor families till they are poor, but the rest can be borne by middle and higher income groups.
Since 70 per cent of health spend in India is already directly coming from citizens, this transition to prepayment is essential and logical; rather than following the tax route.
India does have a public health care system -- thick and thin in various states -- and our first job is to reform and run it well. APL families must find our public hospitals attractive. So we have to improve facilities and introduce pre-paid contributory schemes for APL. For instance an APL family may choose to pay and enrol for the Maharashtra government's Jeevandayi medicare scheme. Such state-fund-pools should continue to operate also for PPP hospitals. This will improve access and cost-efficiency. The new universal cover plan should therefore be attractive and open to the APL population with direct contribution, so that they can switch from the costly family mediclaim (private insurance). This is how we can expand common pool state health funds, and harness the erratic current private expenditure to more efficient use. This alone can give us a wider UHC for India with time.
Advertisement
Equity, access, quality, affordable cost, participation, informed choice of both healing system and provider are the important keywords for a liberal UHC. The NDA-2 government can rework the NHP-2015 (and NHAM) along these lines and start a new chapter of an India-relevant UHC.
One Gales Ferry, Conn., couple went from ashes to "I do" - all within one whirlwind of a week.
When Brian Osborne and Megan Hunley's home caught fire on April 14, leaving their entire house and the majority of their belongings completely destroyed, it put a lot of things into perspective for the couple who were planning to wed, but hadn't yet gotten officially engaged.
"A fire like that makes you think about life in a totally different perspective," Osborne, 34, told GoodMorningAmerica.com of the unexpected tragedy.
Instead of letting their tragic loss get the best of them, the couple found a way to remain positive throughout the situation, all thanks to one item that was recovered from the ashes.
"I had the firefighter go back in to look for the ring," Osborne said of the engagement ring they had hidden inside the home to someday give Hunley. "I told them where it should be, and when they walked back out, it was in their hand. The top of the box was all melted, but the ring was perfect inside.
"I didn't even know what to say," they added. "I was just speechless."
Groom's Best Man Raises $7,000 to Replace Stolen Wedding Funds
At that moment, the couple decided they weren't going to focus on the past, but instead use the burnt home to mark a brand new, fresh beginning.
With the help of many close family and friends, they threw together an impromptu wedding in less than a week. And instead of hiding all the horrible things that had happened to them just several days earlier, they chose to embrace the fire-ridden details.
"We decided what's the point of even waiting?," Osborne said of tying the knot on Saturday. "You don't need to have the pretty dress or a nice tuxedo."
The happy couple not only married in the same sooty sweatpants, shorts and t-shirts they were wearing when they escaped the flames, but they also held the ceremony right in front of their scorched, yet symbolic home.
"We figured we'd do it right where we ran out to," said the groom. "What better place to do it than right here, to be a whole new beginning?"
The newlyweds were joined by 40 guests, including Osborne's two children who had also safely made it out of the burning house, in addition to the several members of the Gales Ferry Volunteer Fire Company who had helped the couple battle the flames.
And as for the lack of flowers and fancy decorations, Osborne explained, "For our situation, it made us realize all that stuff doesn't matter. It's what's in your heart that matters."
It's been maybe three or four months since I first heard of the famous David-Brenda case. A boy who was raised as a girl. I was talking through Skype to a lady who had significant experience with LGBTQ Youth and they mentioned that I would find this particular case fascinating.
Canadian David Reimer was born “Bruce” a healthy male on August 22nd 1965. At the age of 7 months, they underwent a circumcision. However, the surgery didn't go as planned and instead they left the operating room with a penis burnt beyond repair. Their mother, desperate for their son to live a normal life, sought the advice of psychologist John Money who suggested David undergo sexual reassignment surgery and have their gender changed. The theory was that gender is learnt and since David was so young, with careful upbringing they can be taught to live as a girl.
So Brenda was created. They received lesson on how to be feminine, how to like the kind of things girls liked, even how to have sex as a girl. And all the while they refused. I think it's fascinating that Brenda, having never known that they were in fact born male until much later in life, refused to be a female in every sense of the word. Every lesson they taught them was met with resistance and they kept telling them, “I want to be a boy.”
When they grew up, Brenda made the decision to become David, a man again. But needless to say the damage was done. David committed suicide on May 4th 2004, just 38 years old.
If you read the wikipedia page on David Reimer (I'll link it below) it's really horrific what kind of educational “lessons” were taught to them Quite traumatic I would say. And while it one of the saddest stories I've come across I think it's an incredible example of how a person's gender can't be nesesarility be conditioned. That nurture over nature may not be possible. That you are born the gender you feel, regardless of upbringing and genitalia.
What's also a little weird is that I found a book on David's life titled “As Nature Made Him” in a second hand book shop while I was visiting Sydney. Coincidence? I think not. I haven't had a chance to read it yet but I'll give it a try soon and let you know what I think. There's a documentary on David which I'll also link below.
Here's the link to the amazon page for the book if you'd like to give it a read: http://www.amazon.com/As-Nature-Made-Him-Raised/dp/0061120561
“As Nature Made Him” Interview with author: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJuHjQ5IlUY
David Reimer Documentary: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUTcwqR4Q4Y
David Reimer's Wikipedia Page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Reimer
Advertisements
Share:
ESL hosts competitive Battlefield 4 leagues and tournaments for both professionals and amateurs, with glory, bragging rights, and cash prizes on the line.
#ESLOne
The ESL One is ESL's premier gaming competition for the best Battlefied 4 teams. Teams get to compete with each other in three seasons through-out 2015. In the first stage, established champions get matched with up-and-coming challengers who proved their skill in the ESL Major Ladder – the perfect opportunity to build up a reputation. This way, not only a limited amount of renowned teams is able to take part in the ESL One, but everyone who has what it takes to put up a fight against the best of the best. This openness is an important pillar when it comes to being recognized as a legitimate championship. Each season is topped off by live event finals where the top eight teams meet to determine the new World Champion.
#Go4BF4
Weekend matches geared towards serious teams that want to take it to the next level as well as professional teams.
ESL Major Ladder
The ESL Major Ladder is for teams looking to get accustomed to the demands of professional play in Battlefield 4 and for teams looking to qualify for #ESLOne.
Versus
Designed for teams and individual players to hone their competitive Battlefield skills, Versus utilizes ESL's sophisticated matchmaking system and additional anti-cheat measures to provide a fair and level battlefield while giving you the tools to create your own team.
Read more on the ESL website
Become a ESL Battlefield 4 fan on Facebook or follow-on Twitter
“It was a true team effort,” Branco du Preez said after South Africa's victory over Canada at the Canada Sevens tournament on Sunday.
Du Preez wasn't talking about the Blitzboks' 36-7 win over the host nation, but rather how their teammates helped a local driver fix a flat tire on their way to the stadium on Saturday.
The team was heading to BC Place for the first day of competition when they spotted two women on the side of the road in need of help. Video posted to social media shows team members in their warm-up gear offloading the flat tire and replacing it with a spare.
Team captain Philip Snyman said they were happy to help.
“Everyone was pushing each other out of the way to change the tire,” they said.
The Blitzboks' jerseys sport the quote “Pioneers of Greatness,” something Snyman says they hope their gesture showed.
“We always want to do things on the field right, but it also starts off the field. That's exactly what our team stands for. Our culture means touching people's lives.
“It doesn't matter if it's your own country or your own family, we want to put a smile on everybody's faces and that makes us happy.”
– With files from The Canadian Press
Jeremy Corbyn's close associates are secretly planning to purge the shadow cabinet of moderate MPs who disagree with their radical, anti-war policies, as they seek to impose their will on the Labour Party.
In the aftermath of the Commons vote on bombing Syria last week, allies of the Labour leader warned that they would reshuffle their senior team to remove their enemies from positions of power.
“There are not enough Left-wing MPs in the parliamentary Labour party and we need to change that. Every constituency is going to be redrawn so we can protect some people and get rid of others.”
The clear-out of the moderates could come as soon as next month, in a New Year reshuffle, as part of a four-pronged strategy to strengthen the Labour leader's grip on their MPs.
Critics warned the leadership's revenge mission would lead to “permanent war” inside Labour.
One moderate front-bench MP said: "We are on a war footing now. We know they are coming for us and we're ready for them."
Mr Corbyn was offered some respite on Friday when Labour held the seat of Oldham West and Royton at a by-election, with an increased share of the vote.
But their aides and allies have vowed to act after they suffered a damaging revolt from 66 Labour MPs who defied their call to oppose air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, voting instead with the Tories to back military action.
Mr Corbyn stepped back from trying to impose a “whip” ordering their MPs to vote against air strikes, but they maintained that Labour's official party policy was officially anti-bombing.
Despite Mr Corbyn's declaration of opposition to air strikes, 21 MPs in their own frontbench team voted for the action, including three Labour whips charged with enforcing party discipline.
Even the Opposition Chief Whip, Rosie Winterton, chose to abstain rather than back their leader's call to oppose the military action.
Now, Mr Corbyn's associates have begun devising a strategy for revenge. The four key elements of the plan, which began to emerge in back-room discussions at Westminster after the Syria vote, include:
An overhaul of the whips, after Ms Winterton abstained, while Alan Campbell, the deputy chief whip, along with their fellow whips Conor McGinn and Holly Lynch, voted in favour of air strikes.
A shadow Cabinet reshuffle, with senior figures including Maria Eagle, the shadow defence secretary, Angela Eagle, the shadow business secretary, and even Hilary Benn, the shadow foreign secretary praised for their impassioned pro-air strikes speech, regarded as vulnerable for their support for bombing.
Local constituency parties selecting more Left-wing candidates, with the controversial pressure group Momentum already moving to “deselect” prominent Blairites such as Chuka Umunna with harder Left candidates for the 2020 election.
Exploiting the overhaul of parliamentary boundaries, in which the total number of constituencies will fall from 650 to 600. MPs on all sides will be fighting for seats to stand in at the 2020 election, giving Mr Corbyn's enforcers what one called “a valuable opportunity" to "get rid of" Mr Corbyn's critics.
One senior MP loyal to Mr Corbyn said the threat of losing seats in the boundary reforms would be a potent way to convince many current Labour MPs who are not signed up to their agenda to come “on board”.
“There are not enough Left-wing MPs in the parliamentary Labour party and we need to change that,” the source said.
“We can do that before 2020. There are ways to persuade them to change their views.
“Every constituency is going to be redrawn so we can protect some people and get rid of others.”
Photo: Julian Simmonds
The senior figure said the row over air strikes in the shadow cabinet must not be allowed to happen again. The next likely flashpoint will be the vote on renewing Britain's Trident nuclear weapons, which is now expected in the New Year.
“The Shadow Cabinet is dictating policy to the leader and that should not ever happen,” the senior figure said.
Photo: Eddie Mulholland
“There's only one way to deal with it and that is to clear them out at the next reshuffle.”
Other sources inside the party's Westminster operation believe Mr Corbyn's aides do not trust all the whips. One said that the leader's office had deployed its own “shadow whipping operation” during the Syria vote, alongside the official party whips.
John Mann, the Labour MP for Bassetlaw, said they expected a shadow cabinet purge of some kind to follow but warned Mr Corbyn not to try to eradicate their internal critics from the Commons.
“If they want permanent war they will carry on with the deselection talk. I would advise them not to do that and to try to build a consensus,” Mr Mann said.
Photo: Eddie Mulholland
“Jeremy Corbyn and (shadow chancellor) John McDonnell have both said there are not going to be any deselections in the Labour Party. There will be plenty of vacancies for new candidates at the next election. If there are people they want to promote, they will have the opportunity to put them forward.
“But the idea of deselecting any Labour MPs now would just create civil war.”
Younger Labour MPs were said to have been targeted by Mr Corbyn's office and warned not to vote for military action.
Mr Corbyn and their aides summoned MPs who were elected for the first time in May to put pressure on them to oppose air strikes.
The Labour leader was said to have played "good cop" during the discussions while their political secretary, Katy Clark, demanded to know how MPs would account for their decisions to their local party members. Only a handful of the 53 newly elected Labour MPs voted for air strikes on Wednesday.
One shadow minister warned Mr Corbyn would achieve nothing by sacking moderates who disagreed with him. The MP said: "If Jeremy sacked me it would be a relief. The only reason I took the job was for the sake of the party and if they throw that back in my face, all it will do is strengthen my position in my constituency and the parliamentary party."
A Labour Party spokesperson said: "Jeremy has repeatedly condemned threats and talk of deselection.
"All Labour members and representatives are expected to uphold the highest standard of conduct at all times.”
At the 2015 NBA Draft, the Los Angeles Lakers surprised most by selecting Larry Nance Jr. with their 27th overall pick. While R.J. Hunter and Kevon Looney were still available, Los Angeles ultimately liked their athleticism and defensive abilities and did not want to wait until the second round.
Through 54 games of the season, Nance Jr. has been a pleasant surprise with an improved jump shot and figures to be a part of the team's young core moving forward. However, after being shut down due to a sore knee leading up to All-Star Weekend, the issues remain. According to Baxter Holmes of ESPN, the Lakers are considering shutting Nance Jr. down for the team's final 24 games:
The Los Angeles Lakers are considering shutting rookie forward Larry Nance Jr. down for the season's final 24 games after their sore right knee flared up again Monday, causing them to sit out for the majority of their team's 108-101 loss to the Milwaukee Bucks at the BMO Harris Bradley Center.
After their sore knee limited them to less than 10 minutes against the Milwaukee Bucks, Nance Jr. shared their thoughts on potentially being shut down:
“We've talked about it, they've talked about it, but at the same time, at this point right now, it's precautionary,” Nance said about being potentially shut down for the rest of the season.
With the Lakers headed to the NBA draft lottery for the third consecutive season, it makes sense for them to consider this option to avoid further injury. Nance Jr. has proven themselves as a starter in 22 games and needs to be fully healthy heading into their sophomore season.
After many questioned the Lakers taking Nance Jr. in the first round, they may have ultimately found one of the steals of the draft. As they continue to improve their all-around game, there is hope Nance Jr. will be able to play alongside Julius Randle.
This is the heart-warming moment a primary school teacher was moved to tears when pupils broke into a flashmob dance to mark their final day after 25 years.
Margaret Gabica spent quarter of a century at St Julian's Primary School in Newport, South Wales, but they aren't prepared for such a memorable send-off.
Them pupils spent three weeks learning their routine to The Lion King's 'He Lives in You', being careful not to let their secret out of the bag.
Touching: This is the heart-warming moment primary school teacher Margaret Gabica was moved to tears when pupils broke into a flashmob to mark their final day after 25 years
Mrs Gabica spent quarter of a century at St Julian's Primary School in Newport, South Wales, but they aren't prepared for such a memorable send-off. Them pupils are pictured surrounding them in the playground
Mrs Gabica, 62, who announced their retirement earlier this year, was presented with a card, flowers and presents at a special assembly on Wednesday morning before they went out for the final break duty of their career.
As they stood in the middle of the playground, teachers switched on an iPod and speakers and around 350 schoolchildren, aged three to seven, broke into a spontaneous but choreographed dance.
The song was chosen because Mrs Gabica has a love of musicals and one of their favourites is The Lion King.
Staff wanted to recognise their contribution and so set about dreaming up a performance which was then taught to pupils during the two-and-a-half days in the week that Mrs Gabica was not at school.
Their touching tribute was captured on video and shows the schoolchildren surrounding their teacher as they perform the routine. An emotional Mrs Gabica later joins in before receiving a farewell hug from their pupils.
Deputy headteacher Luke Mansfield told Wales Online: 'Her face was a bit shocked that we were making them do a break duty on their last day.
Mrs Gabica, 62, was stood in the middle of the playground, when teachers switched on an iPod and speakers and around 350 schoolchildren, aged three to seven, broke into a spontaneous but choreographed dance
Enjoying the moment: The touching tribute was captured on video and shows the schoolchildren surrounding their teacher as they perform the routine. The song was chosen because Mrs Gabica has a love of musicals
Staff wanted to recognise their contribution to the school and so set about dreaming up a performance which was taught to pupils during the two-and-a-half days Mrs Gabica doesn't work
'The children were better at keeping the secret than the staff. We all had to be careful with what we said when they came in to have their lunch in the staff room.
'They were very keen and really enjoyed learning the dance.'
They added: 'It was a wonderful way to celebrate all that Mrs Gabica has done for the school. Since posting it we have had so many messages from past pupils who remember their happy times in their class.
'It's a testament to the hard work and dedication of the staff and pupils at St Julian's.'
Mrs Gabica, who announced their retirement earlier this year, was presented with a card, flowers and presents at a special assembly on Wednesday morning before they went out for the final break duty of their career
Heart-warming display: An emotional Mrs Gabica later joins in before receiving a farewell hug from their pupils
Spread the love
As the pharmaceutical-led police state continues to lock up citizens in the United States for a plant, the World Health Organization (WHO), under the direction of the United Nations (UN), is on the precipice of declaring CBD highly beneficial. And, for the first time ever, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is collaborating with both the WHO and the UN to determine how the WHO should designate CBD under the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances. They want you to help them.
The FDA is now asking for the public's help to weigh in on the measure to classify CBD appropriately. Those who are interested in keeping CBD not only legal but available to the general public without a prescription (in some states) should immediately comment on an FDA website designated for public comment. According to the FDA's announcement:
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is requesting interested persons to submit comments concerning abuse potential, actual abuse, medical usefulness, trafficking, and impact of scheduling changes on availability for medical use of 17 drug substances.
Those substances include the following: Ocfentanil, Carfentanil, Pregabalin, Tramadol, Cannabidiol, Ketamine, and Eleven Other Substances.
These comments will be considered in preparing a response from the United States to the World Health Organization (WHO) regarding the abuse liability and diversion of these drugs. WHO will use this information to consider whether to recommend that certain international restrictions be placed on these drugs. This notice requesting comments is required by the Controlled Substances Act (the CSA).
Within the notice, FDA Deputy Commissioner Anna K. Abram acknowledged that “CBD has been shown to be beneficial in experimental models of several neurological disorders, including those of seizure and epilepsy.”
As Leafly points out, that puts the FDA at odds with the US Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), which late last year attempted to declare CBD a Schedule I substance. Schedule I drug, by definition, have “no currently accepted medical use in treatment in the United States.”
As TFTP has reported, CBD is quite harmless but has been shown to help individuals who suffer from chronic pain, epilepsy, Parkinson's, depression, anxiety, and a myriad of other illnesses.
TFTP spoke to an expert in CBD, John Callahan at AZ CBD Source, to see what they think of this move. While the fact that the FDA has declared CBD ‘beneficial' is certainly noteworthy, there could be other moves at play as well.
Callahan says the move by the FDA might be a result of one pharmaceutical company's attempt to use the FDA to control the nation's supply of CBD isolate. That company is called GW Pharmaceuticals (GWPH).
Callahan says GWPH has been rumored to be working with the FDA to retain exclusive control over all the country's supply of CBD isolate, the purest form of CBD. If that happens, GWPH will be able to take to isolate and craft pharmaceutical-grade prescription pills to be prescribed by a physician for the illnesses which it can treat. In other words, Big Pharma may be making a power-play to take over the supply chain of CBD and using the FDA, the WHO, and the UN to do it.
John says anyone and everyone who can comment about the usefulness of CBD should immediately do so. All of our TFTP readers should express their position about CBD and insist that it be free for anyone and everyone to purchase on the open market.
Because of its incredible track record, saving the lives of countless children, there is no harm in allowing free thinking individuals to decide for themselves if they want to use the naturally-produced substance directly derived from the Hemp plant.
As an aside, GWPH is one of the only pharmaceutical companies in the world offering two branded drugs derived from THC, Sativex and Epidiolex. Both drugs are sold in pharmacies all over the world, but GWPH has yet to receive FDA approval for its drugs to be sold in the US.
To post a positive comment with the FDA about the benefits of CBD, click here. Click on the “Comment Now” button in the top right-hand corner of the page.
You can also contact James Hunter at the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, Controlled Substance Staff in Maryland. He's at 301-796-3156, and can also be reached at [email protected]
If you want to be the best, you've got to beat the best, and that's exactly what the Boston Celtics did.
The league's leading defense held the defending champion Golden State Warriors to a season-low 88 points Thursday night to keep its winning streak alive, and added a 15th consecutive win Saturday against the Atlanta Hawks.
The run vaults Kyrie Irving & Co. to the No. 1 spot this week ahead of Golden State and Houston, which has won two in a row in dominant fashion following the return of Chris Paul.
Every Monday throughout the regular season, our panel -- ESPN's Kevin Arnovitz, Amin Elhassan and Ramona Shelburne, The Undefeated's Marc J. Spears and FiveThirtyEight's Chris Herring -- will rank the league's 30 teams from top to bottom, with research notes on each team provided by ESPN Stats & Information.
Previous rankings: Week 5 | Week 4 | Week 3 | Week 2 | Week 1
1. Boston Celtics
2017-18 record: 15-2
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 3 3-0 @DAL, @MIA, ORL, @IND
The Celtics have won 15 straight games and have done it with defense. During the streak, they've allowed All-Stars from last season to combine for a 14.7 player efficiency rating, which is worse than the average NBA player (15.0). Perhaps even more remarkable: Saturday was the first of eight straight games in which the Celtics don't face any All-Star from last season, the second-longest stretch by any team this season. Boston has a chance to keep its run rolling. -- Vincent Johnson
2. Golden State Warriors
2017-18 record: 13-4
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 1 3-1 @OKC, CHI, NO
The Warriors and Thunder square off for the first time this season on Wednesday (8 p.m. ET on ESPN). The Warriors won all four matchups last season by an average of 19.8 points per game, their second-largest differential against any opponent they faced four times. For the Thunder, it was their worst points per game differential against any team. -- Jose De Leon
3. Houston Rockets
2017-18 record: 13-4
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 2 2-1 DEN, NYK, BKN
The Rockets have won each of their past five road games by 15 points or more, tied for the longest streak in NBA history. The previous three teams to do that each won the NBA title: 2011-12 Heat, 2003-04 Pistons, 1969-70 Knicks. Over the past two weeks, James Harden had a six-game stretch where they averaged 40 points and 10 assists, the third player ever to put together a stretch of that kind, joining Tiny Archibald and Oscar Robertson. -- Vincent Johnson
4. San Antonio Spurs
2017-18 record: 10-6
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 4 2-1 ATL, @NO, @CHA
The Spurs overcame a 23-point deficit to beat the Thunder on Friday. It's the franchise's fourth-largest comeback win under Gregg Popovich, including the playoffs. -- Jose De Leon
5. Toronto Raptors
2017-18 record: 11-5
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 6 4-0 @NYK, @IND, @ATL
During their season-high four-game win streak, the Raptors have posted an NBA-best 118.1 offensive efficiency. In those four wins, Toronto has outscored its opponents by nearly 16 points per 100 possessions while shooting 53 percent from the floor. -- Jose De Leon
6. Minnesota Timberwolves
2017-18 record: 10-6
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 12 3-1 @CHA, ORL, MIA, PHX
In the loss against the Pistons on Sunday, Jimmy Butler joined Kevin Garnett and Tom Gugliotta to become the third player in Timberwolves history with at least 25 points, 10 rebounds and five steals in a game. -- ESPN Stats & Information
7. Detroit Pistons
2017-18 record: 11-5
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 5 1-2 CLE, @OKC
The Pistons trailed by as many as 11 points in their win over the Timberwolves on Sunday. It was Detroit's league-leading sixth win after trailing by double digits this season. -- Jose De Leon
8. Cleveland Cavaliers
2017-18 record: 9-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 9 3-0 @DET, BKN, CHA
The Cavaliers' word of the week last week: resilient. They came back to beat the Knicks after trailing by 23 points and beat the Clippers after trailing by 15. Cleveland had lost its first six games of the season when trailing by at least 15 points. -- Jose De Leon
9. Denver Nuggets
2017-18 record: 9-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 7 1-2 @SAC, @HOU, MEM
Jamal Murray has been a bright spot for the Nuggets this season. They already have two 30-point games after recording one as a rookie last season. -- Jose De Leon
10. Washington Wizards
2017-18 record: 9-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 10 2-2 @MIL, @CHA, POR
On Sunday, the Wizards played the front end of their first back-to-back of the season. Last season, the Wizards were 7-9 overall on zero days of rest but have won six of their past eight such games. -- Jose De Leon
11. Portland Trail Blazers
2017-18 record: 9-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 15 3-1 @MEM, @PHI, @BKN, @WAS
The Trail Blazers are about to begin a five-game road trip. They won their first two games of the season on the road but have since lost three straight; two decided by fewer than five points and the other in overtime. -- Jose De Leon
12. Oklahoma City Thunder
2017-18 record: 7-8
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 13 1-1 @NO, GS, DET, DAL
The Thunder continue to struggle down the stretch of games this season and are now 0-7 in games decided by eight points or fewer. But in their wins, OKC has won big, averaging a wider margin than the Warriors (plus-17.9). That's the reason they're the only sub-.500 team with a positive scoring margin this season. -- Vincent Johnson
13. Milwaukee Bucks
2017-18 record: 8-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 14 2-1 WAS, @PHX, @UTAH
Outside shooting has been a concern for the Bucks this season and point guard addition Eric Bledsoe hasn't done much to help address it.  They are shooting 19 percent (6-for-31) outside the paint since joining Milwaukee. -- Jose De Leon
14. Philadelphia 76ers
2017-18 record: 8-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 17 2-1 UTAH, POR, ORL
A 47-point first quarter wasn't enough to beat the Warriors on Saturday. Philadelphia's 47 points are its most in any quarter since March 30, 1990, against the Nuggets (also 47 points in the first quarter of that game). -- ESPN Stats & Information
15. Memphis Grizzlies
2017-18 record: 7-8
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 8 0-3 POR, DAL, @DEN, BKN
Mike Conley has missed the past two games and will continue to be out indefinitely with a sore Achilles. That doesn't bode well for the Grizzlies, as they've lost four straight by an average of nearly 12 points per game. -- Jose De Leon
16. New Orleans Pelicans
2017-18 record: 8-8
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 16 1-2 OKC, SA, @PHX, @GS
DeMarcus Cousins is averaging career highs in points per game (27.1), rebounds per game (13.2) and assists per game (5.6).  They are on pace to joining Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Wilt Chamberlain and Elgin Baylor as the only players to average 27-13-5 for a season. -- Jose De Leon
17. Orlando Magic
2017-18 record: 8-8
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 11 0-3 IND, @MIN, @BOS, @PHI
On Monday, the Magic will look to avoid their fifth straight loss and also will try to avoid falling under .500 for the first time this season. The Magic are one of just seven teams that have not been below .500 this season. -- Jose De Leon
18. New York Knicks
2017-18 record: 8-7
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 19 1-2 LAC, TOR, @ATL, @HOU
Kristaps Porzingis is in a bit of an efficiency slump, shooting 34 percent from the floor while averaging 18.3 points over their past three games. In their four games prior, Porzingis averaged nearly 35 points per game on 60 percent shooting from the floor. -- Jose De Leon
19. Indiana Pacers
2017-18 record: 9-8
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 23 3-0 @ORL, TOR, BOS
A season-high fourth straight win on Monday against the Magic will put the Pacers two games above .500 for the second time this season. The 3-pointer has been key for the Pacers during their three-game winning streak as they've shot 51 percent from beyond the arc in those games. -- Jose De Leon
20. Utah Jazz
2017-18 record: 7-10
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 20 1-3 @PHI, CHI, MIL
Prior to Rudy Gobert's injury, the Jazz ranked first in the league in opponent points in the paint per game. They're 11th in the league in that department in the five games played without Gobert. That could spell trouble for the Jazz as they face Joel Embiid and the 76ers on Monday: Embiid averages 11.2 points in the paint per game, 10th in the NBA. -- Jose De Leon
21. Miami Heat
2017-18 record: 7-9
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 21 1-2 BOS, @MIN, @CHI
On Sunday against the Pacers, Dion Waiters went 0-for-10 from the floor, their most attempts without a make in their career. For what it's worth, Waiters has just the third-most attempts without a make in a game this season. Stanley Johnson went 0-for-13 to open the Pistons' season and Rodney Hood was 0-for-11 against the Trail Blazers on Nov. 1. -- Jose De Leon
22. LA Clippers
2017-18 record: 5-10
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 18 0-3 @NYK, @ATL, @SAC
The Clippers have followed up a 5-2 start to the season with an eight-game losing streak, their longest since losing nine straight in November 2010. Through their first seven games, the Clippers had the fifth-best defensive efficiency in the league. Over their past eight games, only the Pelicans have a worse defensive efficiency. -- Jose De Leon
23. Charlotte Hornets
2017-18 record: 6-9
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 22 1-2 MIN, WAS, @CLE, SA
Kemba Walker scored 47 points, the second most in their career, in Friday's three-point loss against the Bulls. According to Elias Sports Bureau research, the Hornets have lost 11 straight games decided by three points or fewer, tied for the second-longest streak in the NBA since 1979, when the 3-point line was implemented. -- Jose De Leon
24. Los Angeles Lakers
2017-18 record: 7-10
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 24 2-2 CHI, @SAC
On Sunday, Lonzo Ball recorded their second triple-double of the season in their 17th game. Only five players needed fewer games to record two career triple-doubles in NBA history: Oscar Robertson (3), Ben Simmons (9), Hambone Williams (10), Magic Johnson (12) and Connie Hawkins (14). -- Micah Adams
25. Brooklyn Nets
2017-18 record: 6-10
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 25 1-2 @CLE, POR, @MEM
Brooklyn cut Golden State's lead to four points with 2:38 left in the game on Sunday, but their bevy of 3-point attempts wasn't enough to completely erase their deficit. The Nets attempted 48 3-pointers in the loss, their most in franchise history. -- ESPN Stats & Information
26. Phoenix Suns
2017-18 record: 7-11
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 26 2-2 MIL, NO, @MIN
The Suns gave up 90 first-half points to the Rockets in their loss on Thursday. That's tied for the second-most points allowed in a first half in the shot clock era (since 1954-55). -- Jose De Leon
27. Sacramento Kings
2017-18 record: 4-12
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 27 1-3 DEN, LAL, LAC
On Wednesday (10:30 p.m. ET on ESPN) Lonzo Ball and De'Aaron Fox will square off for the first time as pros and for the first time since the Sweet 16 in March. In that Kentucky victory over UCLA, Fox had 39 points and one turnover; Ball finished with 10 points and four turnovers. -- Jose De Leon
28. Dallas Mavericks
2017-18 record: 3-14
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 28 1-2 BOS, @MEM, OKC
The Mavericks won their third game of the season thanks largely to their defense. They held the Bucks to 79 points -- the fewest points scored by Milwaukee this season and the fewest allowed by Dallas this season -- in the 32-point win. Among teams without a 30-point win this season are the the Celtics, Cavaliers and Rockets. -- Jose De Leon
29. Atlanta Hawks
2017-18 record: 3-13
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 30 1-2 @SA, LAC, NYK, TOR
The Hawks won their third game of the season in dominating fashion. They beat the Kings by 46 points on Wednesday, their largest win in franchise history. -- Vincent Johnson
30. Chicago Bulls
2017-18 record: 3-11
PREV. RANK LAST WEEK THIS WEEK 29 1-2 @LAL, @UTAH, @GS, MIA
The Bulls have yet to win back-to-back games this season but finally scored 100 points in consecutive games for the first time. They were the only team without 100 points in back-to-back games this season. -- ESPN Stats & Information
It's the first of the month (wake up, wake up) and, as promised, Cam'ron is back with the second volume of their 1st Of The Month EP series. Featuring reader-acclaimed singles "Lala" and the Nicki Minaj-assisted "So Bad," the five track EP is now available for streaming via Spotify as well as for purchase on iTunes.
In addition to the 1st series, the rapper also has EP in the works with producer A Trak, which already gave us the gleefully nostalgic Dipset reunion, "Dipshits," as well as a joint project with fellow New Yorker Smoke DZA--neither of which have received confirmed release dates.
Does 1st Of The Month, Vol. 2 live up the the expectations set by its predecessor? Let us know in the comments section. Meanwhile, be sure to follow Killa Cam on Twitter for all of the emcee's latest endeavors.
Stream the EP in its entirety below.
Hydraulic Hydro storage
Eduard Heindl
In the longer term, humankind has to use essentially renewable energy sources. Stored energy in the form of coal, oil and natural gas are running low and due to the CO2 emission they are troublesome. Nuclear energy sources are politically controversial. The renewable energy sources with great potential are solar and wind, both forms of energy have significant temporal variations. Energy storage is always necessary, if there is a high percentage of these renewable energy sources used.
The energy storage should come on a reasonable price and compensate power generation fluctuation over several days. Only hydro storage power plants are in large commercial applications and can store some gigawatt hour (GWh). The cost of storing a kilowatt hour (kWh) is about 50 Euro in hydro storage. This price is, compared to other storage technologies, such as batteries, still very cheap. Storage cost in batteries are in best cases in the range of 1000 €/kWh. In Germany, and many other countries, there are only a few places where pumped-storage power stations can be built. Useful in particular are only a few high elevated areas in the mountains, which can be flooded without losses.
Figure 1: The basic principle of hydraulic hydro storage.
Alternative
A new option could be hydraulic hydro storage, presented in this article. The basic idea is to lift a large rock mass and the store potential energy. If necessary, the rock mass is lowered again and potential energy is transformed into electricity. Approaches that try to move large masses by mechanical means, such as ropes or tracks failed due to the cost per stored kWh. However, there is the possibility to lift a large mass by hydraulic means, and therefore this path is an interesting choice. A cylinder of rock, preferably granite, within its natural environment, is separated from the surrounding. This is done by wire saws as they are used in quarries to separate large stone blocks. In this case, the wire saw is designed to cut a cylinder wall and the cylinder bottom off.
In this arrangement, water is pumped into the bottom between the cylinder and the base, resulting in a lift of the heavy granite piston. The piston is sealed against the surrounding rock. The raised piston stores the electric pump energy in form of potential energy. To earn the energy from the system, the pressurized water is feed into a turbine, connected with a generator to generate electricity. This is similar to the basic principle of a conventional hydro storage.
The key advantage of this approach lies in the extraordinarily large amount of energy that could be stored and the relatively small investments compared to a similar hydro storage. A simple calculation shows that the stored energy grows with the fourth power of the piston radius in the case when the piston height is twice the radius. This means, if a system has two times the radius, the capacity is 16 times higher! Details are presented in the information box at the end of this article.
The interesting point of this arrangement is; the amount of energy grows by to the fourth power of the radius while the production costs, mainly through the removal of the cylinder from its environment, grow only with the second power of the radius. This means, in comparison to all other known forms of storage, almost arbitrary low costs per kilowatt hour can be archived if the radius of the system is large enough.
Example calculation
To illustrate the relationships and dimensions to two hydraulic hydro power stations are calculated. The first power plant will have a radius of 150 meters; the second one is 500 meters.
The stored energy is obtained at a rock with a density of 2500kg/m² a reduced density of 1500 kg / m³ (this water is considered to replace the rock) and with a radius of 150m:
E = 150m 13GWh storage capacity. This is precisely the capacity of the planned storage power plant in Atdorf Schluchseewerk AG.
If we increase the radius to 500m, the capacity is growing to:
E = 500m 1614GWh! This is the current daily electricity production of Germany.
An analysis of the renewable future shows, that the mix of wind and solar energy needs, at least, a two day storage capacity. It would therefore be sufficient, if two hydraulic hydro storage, each with 500m radius, where built in Germany. The space requirements of these plants are less than two square kilometres. This is incomparably less than the corresponding reservoirs for hydro storage, flooding about 100 square kilometres. Moreover, with hydraulic hydro storage the area is not flooded and can remain in the natural state.
Cost of the hydraulic hydro storage
The concept for the storage of energy with a large piston is new and therefore only rough estimates of the costs can be calculated. However, there are already reliable figures for the components, since the individual manufacturing steps are of conventional nature. To separate the piston of a granite stone, we need a location where the granite is near to the surface. This is in the Black Forest and in many other places the case.
The first step is the mine shaft pushed forward to the desired depth (1km). Next step is two circular tunnels, each of 3km circumference. For comparison, the tunnel for the experiment at CERN near Geneva, to search for elementary particles, has a circumference of 28 km. From the surface holes are drilled to the tunnel and in these holes sawing wires for granite are introduced, which proceed from the granite extraction. Because granite is very hard, there is a substantial wear of the wire saw and the expected cost are 10 Euro per square meter of cut surface as common in granite mining. For this system that costs sum up to approximately 32 million Euro for cutting.
The construction of the tunnel is also quite expensive and cost of 50,000 € per meter is calculated resulting in 360 million €. The other components such as pumps and generators as well as connection lines depend on the exact design of the system. They are not included in the bill here, since they are independent of the technology. The system price is, without power converter, but including drilling and some other parts is at about 700 million Euro. At the first glance, this is a lot of money. The costs have to be calculated per kilowatt hour and are at 0.50 Euro/kWh far less than 50Euro/kWh as common in hydro storage.
Possible problems
As with all new, unproven technologies, we can not predict exactly what problems they might cause. But some ideas are presented here.
Technical problems
Technical problems lie mainly in the construction similar to the uncertainty in each tunnel project. Undetected tectonic disturbances can exist that lead to water ingress. However, the advantage to other tunnel projects is, we can choose the desired region and take zones, in which a very low risk of unexpected problems is expected. The cutting of the cylinder walls is difficult because the walls have to be very precise, otherwise the piston movement is disturbed, resulting in friction losses later.
The seal between the piston and the stroke volume should be good, have low losses of water, although some cubic meters per second are for large storage systems acceptable. The seal, however, requires that the outer surface has mayor cracks, existing cracks must be sealed, but what is technically well feasible with concrete and steel.
An interesting question is whether the piston can tilt. But this is not possible as long as less than half of the piston is moved above the surface. Strictly speaking, as long as its centre of gravity lies below the seal line, it can not tilt.
Another aspect is the large amount of water that will fill the cylinder capacity. The required water should be taken from large water bodies. A water reservoir such as Lake Constance would be adequate, this would result in a maximum fluctuation of one lake level of one meter, calculated for an extremely large plant with 500m radius.
An alternative source would be seawater if the site is located near the shore line. Locations near the sea have the advantage of being able to optimally absorb the wind energy.
Ecological problems
Ecological problems arise on a small scale for the vegetation on the piston, as this increase in a somewhat lower temperature is through the year. This slight effect in the range of two degrees can be practically ignored, it simply corresponds to the altitude.
The figure shows a storage plant with a capacity of the total daily gross electricity production in Germany. (1.600GWh)
Calculation of storage performance
The stored energy increases with the fourth power of the system radius r. This is, because the possible lifting height H growths proportional to the piston length which is chosen as two times the system radius r.
The maximum stored energy is calculated from the density of the rock Rho1 and the effective density Rho2 to consider is the hydrostatic pressure of water, as water density Rho3 substitutes the rock mass replaced. Thus, the effective density:
Rho2 = Rho1 - Rho3 (2)
The equation for the potential energy E at a height H in the gravitational field of the earth with the constant g for a mass m is
E = g * m * H (3)
The effective mass of a cylinder is calculated by
m = Pi * r ² * h * Rho2 (4)
Equation (4) in equation (3) is used, taking into account that H = r will be:
E = g * r ² * Pi * 2 * r * r * Rho2 (5)
Equation (5) summarized:
E = g * 2 * Pi * Rho2r4 (6)
This demonstrates that the stored energy is proportional to the fourth power of the system radius.
Other webpages report on the large energy storage
Few issues polarise public opinion more than the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Whether it's Europe, or the United States, the problem is the same. One of the main reasons why is the ongoing crisis of what to do with the descendants of the 700,000 plus refugees, created by the first Arab-Israeli war, in 1948. Spread around the world, their numbers today exceed 5 million.
Commissioner General of the United United Nations Relief and Works Agency Pierre Krähenbühl writes on the unsustainability of the Palestine refugee crisis on World Refugee Day (20 June).
120 children were recently allowed out of Yarmouk, the Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus, to sit public exams. The 14-year-olds emerged from the apocalyptic city-scape they call home shell-shocked and bewildered, child victims of one of the most pitiless conflicts of our age.
Two weeks later those same children returned to Yarmouk to be reunited with their families, to a place where UN food deliveries are meeting just a quarter of the nutritional requirements of over 18,000 civilians trapped there in an extraordinarily harsh environment, an environment in which the absence of medical care can result in death from conditions that are otherwise easily treated and cured.
It was a bittersweet, profoundly tragic moment that cruelly exposed the hopelessness confronting those young students. Moreover, it was a metaphor that poignantly encapsulated the unsustainability of the Palestine refugee crisis in the Near East.
In Syria, more than 50% of the 550,000 UNRWA registered refugees have been displaced by the conflict, with over half of the 12 Palestinian refugee camps where we work transformed into theatres of war. On World Refugee Day, the plight of this often forgotten population must be acknowledged and the dramatic context in which they struggle to survive understood in all its complexity.
Beyond Syria, unsustainability confronts Palestinian refugees living in the West Bank, where the human impact of the Israeli occupation and settlement expansion is multi-dimensional and profound. Palestinian refugees are subject to a permit system that prevents freedom of movement. Many are forced to deal with home demolitions and land expropriations. Children and ordinary civilians face increased threats from the use of live ammunition. The West Bank separation barrier is destroying whole communities. The occupation is synonymous with de-development, stifling economic life with predictable human consequences. Food insecurity in Palestine has reached 33 per cent, affecting 1.6 million people according to the United Nations's latest food survey.
In Gaza, unsustainability has many yardsticks. One in particular has struck me profoundly. The number of Palestinian refugees coming to UNRWA for food handouts has increased from 80,000 in 2000 to over 800,000 today. When last in Gaza I met a once prosperous business person who has now joined the food line, a tragic transformation which puts a human face to the notion of unsustainability. In Gaza there are many. Youth unemployment stands at 65%. Unemployment among young women is 80%. Unsustainability has an alarming environmental aspect in Gaza. 90% of water is unsafe to drink. The entire aquifer is likely to be unusable as early as 2016, with the damage irreversible by 2020 if present blockade policies are not changed. There are few immediate signs that they will be.
Projections for the numbers of Palestine refugees the UN may have to serve in the coming years underlines the unsustainability of the refugee crisis. In 2012, 5.27 million people were registered with UNRWA. This is expected to increase to 5.75 million in 2016 and 6.46 million in 2021. The number of those registered with us as “poor” will rise to 1.7 million in 2021.
With each passing day, it becomes an increasing imperative to listen to the voices of the dispossessed and heed their enduring warnings about loss and fear. Decades on, and with so many other crises affecting the Middle-East and the world, there is a real risk that their fate will be overshadowed and seen as an “old story”. I would argue that neglecting the plight of Palestine refugees is a risk the world cannot take.
Yet from Yarmouk, to the dismal Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon swollen by over 50,000 new arrivals from Syria, to the refugee communities trapped behind the barrier in the West Bank, and on to the downward spiral in Gaza, unsustainability haunts almost all aspects of life. I have yet to meet a refugee who wanted to be a refugee and even less so, who wished to remain a refugee. Palestinian refugees are no different. Their call for a just and lasting solution to their plight must be heard.
Until this is achieved, relief workers have a transformative role to play. During times of relative peace, our human development work in education, health, relief and social services promotes stability, dignity and respect for rights. In times of war, our emergency assistance builds resilience and mitigates the denial of rights to some, albeit an inadequate extent.
Now in our seventh decade, the United Nations' contribution speaks for itself: we have achieved some of the highest literacy rates in the Middle-East, dramatic reductions in child and maternal mortality. Our commitment rivals that of any humanitarian actor, working under fire to provide emergency relief in Syria, Lebanon and Gaza. This will continue until a solution to the plight of the Palestine refugees is found. I understood from day one that the United Nations' mandate is not for sale.
I believe passionately that UNRWA's contribution is inextricably linked to that of the refugees who make up the vast majority of our staff. Like all refugees, the Palestinians are also individuals with achievements and pride. They are victims of injustice, of occupation, blockade and conflict. They are also actors in their own development with skills that many in the world would envy. Palestinians are justly proud of the comparative literacy rates of their children and the highest attainment levels of generations of professionals.
The UN's efforts will focus both on mobilising hosts and donors to preserve and further strengthen our achievements, while raising the importance of increasingly recognizing that international assistance must come with the promotion of rights and dignity. Let us not forget that this is a crisis with a human face, be it those shell-shocked children in Yarmouk, the ex-business person in the food line in Gaza, or any of the five million individual refugees registered with us. No amount of aid will ever make up for the denial of their rights and dignity.
In March 2011 MESSENGER became the first spacecraft to orbit Mercury. NASA's satellite has been taking measurements since then, and has collected nearly 100,000 images of the solar system's smallest planet, and the one closest to the sun.
The image above was created using laser radar to measure surface elevation. It depicts a 1,200-kilometer-long swath of the planet's northern plains, falsely colored so that darker colors represent lower regions and lighter areas represent higher elevations. The sinuous ridges, cracked craters and an odd bulge (the large whitish area shown on the left) indicate that the four-billion-year-old plains underwent significant distortion after they formed.
Until now many scientists thought Mercury became a geologically dead world soon after its formation. Instead, MESSENGER found several topographic features that appear to have tilted over time, suggesting that Mercury was geodynamically active for a longer period than expected. It may even be active today.
Scientists do not understand the forces that guided the topographic tilting and bulge formation. On other planets, a viscous molten mantle is responsible. But because Mercury has an extremely thin mantle, it is difficult to imagine how it could have transported such vast geologic expanses, researchers say.
Understanding Mercury's unusual dynamics could help scientists learn more about the formation and evolution of rocky planets.
—By Sarah Fecht
Nearly a billion people around the world today rely on WhatsApp to stay in touch with their friends and family. From a new dad in Indonesia sharing photos with their family, to a student in Spain checking in with their friends back home, to a doctor in Brazil keeping in touch with their patients, people rely on WhatsApp to be fast, simple and reliable.
That's why we're happy to announce that WhatsApp will no longer charge subscription fees. For many years, we've asked some people to pay a fee for using WhatsApp after their first year. As we've grown, we've found that this approach hasn't worked well. Many WhatsApp users don't have a debit or credit card number and they worried they'd lose access to their friends and family after their first year. So over the next several weeks, we'll remove fees from the different versions of our app and WhatsApp will no longer charge you for our service.
Naturally, people might wonder how we plan to keep WhatsApp running without subscription fees and if today's announcement means we're introducing third-party ads. The answer is no. Starting this year, we will test tools that allow you to use WhatsApp to communicate with businesses and organizations that you want to hear from. That could mean communicating with your bank about whether a recent transaction was fraudulent, or with an airline about a delayed flight. We all get these messages elsewhere today – through text messages and phone calls – so we want to test new tools to make this easier to do on WhatsApp, while still giving you an experience without third-party ads and spam.
We hope you enjoy what's coming to WhatsApp, and we look forward to your feedback.
Judge to haul state AGs to Texas for deposition
Hannah Hess and Benjamin Hulac, E&E News reporters
A federal judge in Texas has ordered the attorney general of Massachusetts to appear for deposition next month in a lawsuit Exxon Mobil Corp. filed as part of an attempt to block investigations into what the company knew about climate change.
U.S. District Judge Ed Kinkeade ruled yesterday that Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey (D) and New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman (D) should appear in Dallas on Dec. 13. The judge will enter a second order regarding Schneiderman's deposition after they file an answer in the case.
Kinkeade issued the order one day after a telephone status conference with the parties.
It marks the latest victory for the oil giant in an escalating legal and political battle that has come under scrutiny by Republicans on the House Science, Space and Technology Committee, fossil fuel industry advocates and environmental groups.
Healey and Schneiderman have both been investigating for months whether the Exxon violated securities laws and consumer-protection rules by withholding information related to the impacts of greenhouse gas emissions on the climate.
The company alleged in a filing last week that the two attorneys general were “conducting improper and politically motivated investigations of Exxon Mobil in a coordinated effort to silence and intimidate one side of the public policy debate on how to address climate change” (ClimateWire, Nov. 14).
Both attorneys general participated in a news conference this spring, along with former Vice President Al Gore, in which they accused fossil fuel companies of committing fraud by lying about climate change science and announced a multistate effort to hold them accountable (Greenwire, March 29).
Kinkeade issued an order in mid-October suggesting that Healey may have acted in “bad faith” against the company. They pointed to comments made during the spring news conference as cause for “concern.”
A spokesperson for Exxon said yesterday's order reinforced those sentiments.
“We have no choice but to defend ourselves against politically motivated investigations that are biased, in bad faith and without legal merit. We did not start this, but we will see it through and will vigorously defend ourselves against false allegations and mischaracterizations of our climate research and investor communications,” said spokesperson Alan Jeffers.
Healey has argued that Exxon's push for discovery is “in an effort to evade legitimate” inquiries of Exxon (ClimateWire, Nov. 2).
A spokesperson for Schneiderman said last night that the office “will respond appropriately.”
Healey's office declined to comment.
Full story here: http://www.eenews.net/climatewire/stories/1060045996
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
There's a Tesla-branded pill reportedly getting around the club scene spreading from the UK to Germany containing 240mg of MDMA, and that's a potentially deadly strength.
A recent warning spotted by The Drive and MixMag and issued by The Loop states that this pill has double the dose of what you'd need to get high, and the risk of overdose obviously spikes from there.
Advertisement
The Loop does independent testing of different pills to figure out which different circulating brands have what strength. This Tesla one was strong enough to deserve a “take care” warning of “extremely high doses:”
It's wild to see Tesla's brand get so strong that it's getting put on pills, but it's still a worrying presence in the club scene. Be safe out there.
You and your friends can download a fantastic selection of songs, music videos, apps and books for free. Each download will only be available for 24 hours. Get our special 12 Days of Christmas app to make it even easier to access your gifts while you're on the go.
Apple has launched their annual "12 Days of Christmas" iTunes Store holiday promotion for European customers. The free app download gives way free content each day from December 26th to January 6th.As we noted last year, the promotion has traditionally been limited to European and Canadian iTunes Stores. AppleInsider reports Canadian customers should get their own app soon. [ App Store ].For those without an iOS device, Apple says to come back to iTunes on December 26th to download gifts from your computer. Though the U.S. customers are excluded from this promotion, App Store developers frequently use the holidays to hold sales on their apps. AppventCalendar is another daily free app promotion that has already started daily app freebies.
About 200 Occupy protesters squared off with police at the Port of Long Beach early Monday morning, and at least one person was arrested.
The protest, one of several planned at ports up and down the West Coast on Monday, was organized by Occupy groups in Los Angeles and Long Beach.
Its target is SSA Marine, a shipping company that is partially owned by investment bank Goldman Sachs that protesters say has a history of unfair labor practices and objectionable environmental policies.
PHOTOS: Protesters at Port of Long Beach
The protesters gathered at Harry Bridges Memorial Park in Long Beach at 5 a.m. and then marched to the company's shipping terminal with the intention of blocking workers from entering.
The protest was not sanctioned by the dockworkers union.
A month after their premieres, Epix has given second-season renewals to its first two original scripted series, hourlong drama Berlin Station and half-hour dramedy Graves. Each has received a 10-episode order with production scheduled to begin in early spring.
After a couple of previous attempts, Epix entered the original series arena with series orders to its three co-owners, Paramount (Berlin Station), Lionsgate (Graves) and MGM (Get Shorty). Berlin Station and Graves were first to go into production and premiere, with the Get Shorty remake slated to debut next season. Epix has not released viewership data for Berlin Station or Graves, which were backed by a major marketing campaign and received decent (Graves) to solid (Berlin Station) reviews from critics.
“Both series are particularly timely and relevant and quickly found their place in the competitive TV landscape.” said Epix President and CEO Mark S. Greenberg.
The season one finale for both series air on Sunday, December 18.
Contemporary spy drama Berlin Station takes a look at the activity of a CIA office on a global stage in the midst of an investigation into a now-famous whistleblower. The series follows Daniel Miller (Richard Armitage), a new arrival at Berlin's CIA station who is on a clandestine mission to uncover the source of the Thomas Shaw leaks. Richard Jenkins, Michelle Forbes, Rhys Ifans, Leland Orser and Tamlyn Tomita also star.
Epix
Graves follows former two-term Republican President Richard Graves (Nick Nolte) as they embark on a Don Quixote-like quest to right the wrongs of their administration and reclaim their legacy 25 years after leaving the White House. Their enlightenment takes place as their wife Margaret (Sela Ward), decides to pursue their own political ambitions. The series also stars Skylar Astin, Heléne Yorke, Chris Lowell and Callie Hernandez.
Produced by Paramount TV and Anonymous Content, Berlin Station is created by Olen Steinhauer who also serves as executive producer. Bradford Winters is the showrunner and an executive producer. Eric Roth and Steve Golin, Kerry Kohansky-Roberts, Keith Redmon and Luke Rivett from Anonymous Content and Michaël Roskam also serve as executive producers.
From Lionsgate, Graves was created by Joshua Michael Stern who also serves as showrunner and Greg Shapiro is an executive producer. Executive Producers on the first season include Keith Eisner and Eric Weinberg, with David Iserson as Supervising Producer and Bill Hill, Lisa Parsons and Abby Genwanter as producers. The series was filmed in Santa Fe and Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Hear ye, hear ye!
One thing I inexplicably love is animal-people. I don't know why. I'm not even a furry! But I love them. Animal-people. Not furries. Though I don't know any furries personally so maybe I'd love them too!
But I digress.
My point is that I love the instant mythic resonance of animal-people. In past editions of D&D when I wanted to mechanically represent animal people I would make dozens of races based around different animals, each one taking into account the physical capabilities of those animals and supernatural abilities or legends typically associated with them. The problem with that tact is that it can clutter the setting with unused options and and players might end up wanting to play a kind of animal you haven't made up yet anyway.
So, with 5e, I decided to create a single race that's meant to comprehensively cover all possible beastfolk. This design decision led me to create a more modular race than the ones presented in the Player's Handbook as I wanted to provide options for everything from bats to lions to eels. I hope you'll find the Beastfolk's features comprehensive enough to capture any creature you might want to play as but not so exhaustive that the options leave you paralyzed.
the Beastfolk
EDIT: The most up to date version of the Beastfolk is now available on the DM's Guild linked above.
There has been a bit of noise on Twitter about the Richard Littlejohn piece Stranded on the road to nowhere about the tragic Christmas Day accident on the M6 near Stoke-on-Trent where 3 people, including 2 children lost their lives.
The tone of Littlejohn's piece is pretty much, oh there has been an accident, drag the bodies and the wreckage to the hard shoulder open the road and carry on. Nobody likes being stuck on a closed motorway or road, especially not on Christmas Day, but there are pretty good reasons why the Police & Highways Agency close the road in situations like this, not least of all it could be a crime scene. In the case of the Christmas Day accident, it is believed that only one vehicle was involved so it isn't technically a crime scene, but you just don't know.
Nathan Constable writes more about the tone of Littlejohn's piece here and Custody Sgt writes about it here.
I'm not going to go through their piece line by line I'm just going to deal with some of the stuff that I think they have got wrong, although I'm not a Police Officer or a Highways Agency Traffic Officer I feel I am qualified to do this as I was there with my camera.
Yes both carriageways were closed and two air ambulances attended, it is customary to close both sides of a road if you are going to land helicopters, it just you know, makes sense… There was a picture with the 2 air ambulances, land ambulances and fire engines on the BBC website, but I can't seem to find it at the minute.
Littlejohn writes
The accident on the M6 happened at 11.25am. Though the southbound carriageway was reopened in the afternoon, the northbound carriageway stayed shut for several hours until early evening.
Yes the southbound carriageway reopened at about 14:30, here is a picture of the first vehicles passing the accident scene.
(NB all my images are geolocated so if you click the image to view it on Flickr then click on the map on the right of the screen you can see exactly where it was taken)
You can see on the left as Littlejohn puts it
Pictures from the scene showed the wrecked vehicle being loaded onto the back of a recovery truck on the hard shoulder while half a dozen blokes in hi-viz jackets stand around chatting in the middle of the motorway.
Yes there are a lot of people there in hi-viz jackets, what is actually happening here is the vehicle is being prepared to be lifted on to the truck, that is 2 people, there were at least 3 people from the maintenance company who look after this bit of motorway who were cutting branches off trees to allow the vehicle to be lifted. In Littlejohn's piece they have a picture with a different view of roughly the same area, at about the same time. What they don't say and probably doesn't know is that the 3 bodies had only just been removed from the scene some 10 minutes earlier. Until the private ambulance had left the scene we (me and the other press photographers on the bridge) were stopped from taking pictures. It stands to reason that the southbound carriageway would also remain closed until this had happened, the last thing you need is an accident on the opposite carriageway because someone was rubbernecking. Another way of looking at it is, how do you explain to your 5 year old that the two men in black suits pushing a trolly with what looks like an oversized bin bag on it, in to the back of a black van where moving a dead body? On Christmas Day as well.. I suppose it is a good way to start the Santa doesn't exist conversation.
As for the blokes standing around chatting, they are probably the same guys who have had to help move the bodies of the 2 children and their aunt, doing this on Christmas Day when they probably really want to be at home with their own children. So I think allowing them a few minutes to reflect isn't unacceptable really, the season of good will and all that.
Littlejohn continues
In the background is a three-lane tailback of stationary cars and lorries stretching goodness knows how many miles into the distance.
You will notice that the Daily Mail article uses a stock picture of stationary traffic and not one from the actual Christmas Day accident, but that's OK as I have some that I took while I was there. So lets look at the M6 about 1 mile south of the accident scene at about 14:00. Here you go
This picture sort of speaks for itself, but I'll explain it. You can see from the sign on the left that it is a mile (roughly) from the accident scene, the vehicles are travelling south on the north bound carriageway, they are being escorted by a Highways Agency vehicle (not shown in this picture). If the blue sign is about a mile from the accident and other than the truck on the inside lane in the distance there is no stationary traffic then Littlejohn's statement of
a three-lane tailback of stationary cars and lorries stretching goodness knows how many miles into the distance
is rubbish, yes I'm sure that an hour earlier I may have been able to see stationary traffic here, less than a mile from the accident.
Here is a picture looking south at the
three-lane tailback of stationary cars and lorries stretching goodness knows how many miles into the distance.
This is taken from the same bridge as the picture of the accident scene, and yes there are 3 lanes of stationary traffic stretching back about 1/4 of a mile maybe? The more eagle eyed amongst you may see that right at the back of the massive queue of traffic you can see brake lights, this is where vehicles have been turned around to head back down the motorway with the Highyways Agency so they can continue, all be it a little late, with their journey. The Highways Agency Officers seemed to be constantly relaying cars back down the motorway to get them on to a road that was moving..
I'm sure there were some tailbacks at Jct14 to the south but I drove from there up to the crash site along the diversion route and it wasn't any busier than a normal weekday evening.
The real tragedy is that 3 people lost their lives on Christmas Day, families have lost 3 very loved people. The bigger tragedy is Littlejohn gets away with spouting this rubbish.
Updated at 18:40 30 December 2012, tidying up my poor grammar.
Updated 09:15 31 December 2012, adding link to the Custody Sgt, adding line about not being a police officer or HATO and note about geolocation of images
Ex-Amazon worker in Spain speaks out: “My life has been destroyed by Amazon”
By Eric London
2 June 2017
The International Amazon Workers Voice spoke with a former Amazon worker in Spain who says they were fired because they suffered a workplace injury in July 2015.
José Antonio Rueda Bermudez is 30 years old and married with a young daughter. When they were hurt on the job at Amazon's San Fernando de Henares fulfillment center outside of Madrid, the corporation blocked them from receiving compensation or any other form of financial support needed to help their young family.
José Antonio Rueda Bermudez at their former workplace, Amazon's San Fernando de Henares fulfillment center outside of Madrid, Spain
José was lifting and moving boxes under sped-up conditions when they suffered a sharp, excruciating pain . Amazon sent them to Mutua Universal, a company that works with Spain's Social Security system to provide public aid to workers injured on the job. A doctor later diagnosed them with sacroiliitis, an inflammation of the sacroiliac joints at the point where the lower spine and pelvis connect.
“They told me the injury was my fault,” José said. “The inflammation hasn't gone away, and I still can't work because of it. Amazon knows this, but they haven't done anything. Since their doctors told me there was no problem, I can't get any financial support. Then they sent me back to work after just four days and told me I was wasting their time.”
Like most Amazon workers in Spain, José was hired through a contracting firm—in their case, Manpower ETT. When they got the job in late 2014, they considered themselves lucky after listening to Amazon boast of its working conditions. They soon found out the company wasn't telling the truth. It was impossible to keep up with the pace of work, and corporate management watches workers like hawks.
The San Fernando de Henares facility was Amazon's first in Spain. It consists of more than 15 kilometers of conveyor belt, 63 kilometers of shelves, and it warehouses over 165 million products. As of November 2016, the plant employed 1,600 workers. Amazon will hire 2,000 more workers in Spain in the next two years, in part by opening another fulfillment center near Barcelona in late 2017.
Fearing the prospects of long-term unemployment, José was forced to work through their worsening injury, causing them to slow down due to the constant pain.
Medical scan showing inflammation located where the spine meets the pelvis, taken nearly two years after the accident
“Manpower ETT didn't renew my contract because Amazon told them I wasn't working as hard, but that was because of my injury,” they said. “Amazon wouldn't give me a report from my injury because they didn't want to have to pay me anything. After I was fired, I got minimal benefits for a while but I was cut off long ago. Now I'm not receiving a single euro—not for medicine, not for anything.”
José's wife, who also can only find temporary work, recently got surgery to remove two tumors on their foot. The young family is in a desperate economic position. They have decided not to tell their eight-year-old daughter to protect them from what the family might have to endure.  They are taking their case to court, but will not appear before a judge until February 2018.
“My life has been destroyed by Amazon. It is hard to be able to buy meat now. In Spain, there is very high unemployment, and Amazon puts their facilities in areas of high unemployment.”
José's injury exposes the brutal character of temporary and contract work, commonly used by Amazon across the world. Aside from a lack of basic safety protections, workers work themselves to the brink of exhaustion out of fear that Amazon won't renew their contracts. With a youth unemployment rate of 41.5 percent, Spanish workers fear that the loss of a job means long-term loss of income, with life-shattering consequences.
Amazon's San Fernando de Henares fulfillment center
“Life for the working class in Spain is very tough,” José said. “You have to go through contractors. It's very rare to go directly into a job. So, you start work and you go for two months. Then they'll kick you out after a few months and you have to look for new work. So, if you work at Amazon, you don't get vacation, you get no rest, you walk over 20 kilometres per day, and you can't stop. The company uses your labeler gun to monitor how fast you move. If you stop to go to the bathroom, my coworkers tell me your gun sends you a message: ‘What are you doing? Get back to work.'”
José heard about Nicole, a young worker in the US state of Virginia, who was also denied medical attention by Amazon. Nicole told the International Amazon Workers Voice that Amazon said they had no record of their workplace injury. Amazon ordered them to work despite the fact that they nearly suffered heatstroke on the job.
“Madre mia,” José said. “And you have to pay for health care in the US! Amazon plays with your health, it's the same here. If you're hurt, too bad. It gets very hot in our fulfillment center and there is a quick pace of work, there are no stops. It can be dangerous.”
An IAWV reporter explained the need for a political struggle against Amazon and against the capitalist system, in which corporations like Amazon control the political parties and dictate the policies of governments.
“I agree with you. The political situation is shameful. In Spain, [Prime Minister Mariano] Rajoy is robbing people,” they said. While they hoped the Spanish political party Podemos would “fight for the interests of the people,” they explained they are “disillusioned with all the politicians,” including from Podemos, “because they always say they want to listen but they change their mind when they get to power. They say what you want to hear.”
The IAWV shared with José the experience of Podemos' sister party, the Greek Coalition of the Radical Left (Syriza), which enforced brutal attacks on social programs, pensions, and workers' living conditions after pledging to oppose the European Central Bank's austerity program. “Interesting, I didn't know about that,” they said.
José said they invited all their former coworkers to “like” the International Amazon Workers Voice Facebook page and has shared the World Socialist Web Site so that others can read it.
When they learned of the IAWV proposal that workers build factory committees and link their struggles in a common international fight against Amazon, they said, “I agree with you. We the people, the workers, we are the ones that could have power but they want to keep us divided against each other. We have to unite all over the world. We have to not have fear and fight for what our grandparents fought for and won. Young people, pensioners, we all have to unite.”
Fight Google's censorship! Google is blocking the World Socialist Web Site from search results. To fight this blacklisting: Share this article with friends and coworkers Facebook
Twitter
E-Mail
Reddit
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Terrain
All-Mountain
All-mountain skis are designed to handle anything you throw at them including powder, ice, groomers, steeps, heavy snow, and everything in between, but they aren't necessarily a master of any one terrain. If you're only going to own one ski to do it all, this is what you want. All-mountain skis generally have what we call mid-fat waists that range from 80-110 mm.
Big Mountain
Powder
These skis are for the deep days. If you like to find powder stashes at your local resort, go on backcountry missions for the freshest of fresh or heli ski trips to BC, powder skis are what you need to stay afloat. Skis in the powder category are wide and most often have some form of rocker or early rise plus a relatively soft flex. Many powder skis today are versatile enough to handle mixed conditions and harder snow.
Big mountain skis are designed for charging big lines with high speeds and big airs. These skis varry in width from wide, powder-oriented skis for skiing Alaska spines to narrower, mixed condition skis for ripping the beat up headwall at your local mountain. Skis in this category tend to be on the stiffer side, often with more rocker in the tip and less in the tail.
Charlotte Dujardin's horse Valegro has demanded to know why they haven't been given a gold medal like the woman they carry around.
Speaking after essentially allowing Dujardin defend their Individual Dressage title a visibly upset Valegro told reporters that the time has come for horses to be properly rewarded.
“Charlotte's been telling me what a good boy I am and all that kind of shit,” said Valegro.
“Apparently, I'm in line for some extra sugar lumps and a couple of apples – well whoop-de-fucking-do.
“I don't want a Golden Delicious; I want a sodding gold medal thank you very much.
“After all, it's me that's doing all the work out there, prancing about like a total bellend while Them Ladyship takes all the credit. It was 35 degrees today for fucks sake; I'm knackered!
“I want to stand on a specially made podium with the medal round my neck and tears in my eyes listening to the theme from Black Beauty cranked up to eleven while the flag goes up.
“My mates are all racehorses you know, they think it's hilarious to see me poncing about like a glorified poodle at Crufts, but a gold medal would shut them right up.”
Dujardin has apologised to Valegro but claims they were unaware that their long-term partner was unhappy.
“I'd no idea they were so glum,” said the three-time gold medalist.
“Although they did have a bit of a long face when we finished.
“I'll get my show coat.”
By Christian Jarrett
In the ongoing, complex debates about the extent and meaning of psychological differences between the sexes, mental rotation ability is usually quoted as one of the most robust examples of where a difference can be found. This is the ability to rotate objects in your mind's eye, and while there is a lot of overlap between men's and women's performance, there is plenty of evidence that men, on average, are better at this than women. Can we take this to reflect a genuine, specific difference in average cognitive ability between the sexes?
Not necessarily. A new, small study in Psychological Research reminds us why this field of science is so difficult to interpret. The findings suggest that the mental rotation ability of women who habitually suppress the public display of their emotions is equal to that of men. In other words, sex differences in mental rotation ability may reflect an emotional difference between the sexes – emotional suppression is known to be more common in men than women – rather than a cognitive difference.
Anne-Katharina Faltung and Markus Kiefer asked 28 men and 28 women to fill out some surveys about their emotional lives, including their proneness to angry outbursts and their tendency to suppress public displays of emotion (one example item was “I keep my emotions to myself”).
Then the participants completed 48 trials of a classic mental rotation task, which involved judging within four-seconds per trial whether or not a three-dimensional shape on the left of the computer screen was the same as the one on the right, just rotated to a different orientation. The trials got harder as the task went on, and emoji-type symbols and spoken feedback (such as “Oh dear, you made a mistake”) informed the participants whether they'd got each trial right or not.
Overall, the men outperformed the women in terms of making fewer total errors, and in being less likely to follow up one error with another. The researchers were particularly interested in these follow-on errors because they are a sign of the participant reacting badly to negative feedback, either through being distracted or giving up.
But then Faltung and Kiefer split up their male and female groups according to emotional suppression habits. Overall men reported suppressing their emotions more than women, but there was enough variation among the women to create two subgroups – one group who said they mostly let their emotions out, and another group who said they more often suppressed their emotions.
Women who did not habitually suppress their emotions made more total errors on the task than men (both high and low emotional suppressors) and more follow-on errors, but crucially, women who habitually suppressed their emotions performed as well as the men on the rotation task, in terms of total errors and follow-on errors (there was still a tendency for higher performance among men, but the difference in their scores and those of the emotion-suppressing women was not statistically significant).
We must beware over-interpreting such as small study, but the researchers say their results demonstrate an important principle, namely that investigations into potential cognitive differences between the sexes need to take sex differences in emotional strategy into account. Mental rotation ability – often heralded as one of the most robust examples of a sex-linked cognitive difference – may be more about emotions than about visuospatial ability.
This need for nuance in the field of sex-differences research is in addition to other findings that have highlighted the way that cultural pressures can influence sex differences in cognitive performance. For example, it's been shown that women perform as well as men on maths when competing under an alias, presumably because this removes the pressure not to conform to sex-related prejudices about ability.
Another angle to these new findings concerns emotional regulation strategies. It's a mistake to think that the male tendency for emotional suppression is inherently superior. In fact emotional suppression is usually considered unhelpful, especially over the longer term, because it's linked with increased risk of stress and depression. But these findings suggest that in the short term, and in certain contexts, it may be advantageous by helping to avoid the distracting effect of negative feedback.
—Keep calm! Gender differences in mental rotation performance are modulated by habitual expressive suppression
Christian Jarrett (@Psych_Writer) is Editor of BPS Research Digest
A Florida woman who while 'on meth' last week believed that they and their boyfriend were trapped in unlocked closet filled with feces has a sordid arrest history.
Amber Campbell, 25, and John Arwood, 31, were freed - and then arrested last Tuesday after calling 911 for help, only to be told by police they could have just opened the door themselves.
Campbell has had run-ins with the law before and two years ago nearly escaped arrest by running into the woods.
Scroll down for video
Criminal history: Amber Campbell, 25, is pictured in their mug shot from last Tuesday (left) and in a mug shot from 2013 (right) when they led cops into a chase through the woods after escaping a mental health facility
Trapped: Amber Campbell believed they were locked inside of the closet with their boyfriend John Arwood, 31, and the pair called police to free them after two days
The Orlando Sentinel reports that Campbell escaped from a mental health facility on April, 30, 2013 and when authorities finally captured them they fooled police so that they could slip out of their handcuffs and run into the woods.
A deputy chased them by foot into the wooded area and they allegedly attacked them several times.
Campbell, 23 at the time, was shocked with a stun gun and then sentenced three years of probation.
When police initially found Campbell they and a female friend were walking along a country road, a mile south of where they crashed their brother's car after escaping the mental health facility.
When police asked Campbell their name they provided a false identity and birthday and claimed they were not the driver of the decimated vehicle.
They were cuffed and put into a police car where they complained they couldn't breathe.
Police took pity on them and lowered the car windows and loosened their cuffs a bit and that's when they managed to escape.
They ran from the car, jumped a barbed wire fence, and scampered off into the woods with police running behind them
They then allegedly punched a deputy who in response, shocked them two to three times with a stun gun.
Campbell was charged with escape, aggravated battery on a law-enforcement officer, resisting an officer with violence and giving a false name upon being arrested, reports The Orlando Sentinel.
They were sentenced to three years probation which they violated after last week's arrest.
Campbell, now 25, and their boyfriend didn't try to escape police last Tuesday but instead begged for their help.
The two allegedly believed they were locked inside of a janitor's closet and waited two days to seek help.
The strange incident occurred at the Marine and Environmental Science Center at Daytona State College.
Another mug shot: This undated mug shot shows Campbell after another brush with the law
Locked in: Amber Campbell, 25, and John Arwood, 31, were freed - and then arrested last Tuesday after calling 911 for help, only to be told by police they could have just opened the door themselves
Inside the closet, police said they found feces and copper scouring pads used to smoke meth and crack cocaine.
Police said they smelled meth in the closet.
Campbell and Arwood claim to have been chased into the closet on Sunday.
It is not known what they were doing at the facility.
The campus was closed for the holidays.
It is also not clear why the pair waited until Tuesday to seek help.
However Arwood called 911 and told police they were trapped.
Police used their cell phone to trace the location and arrived to let the two out.
But an officer, trying to understand what had happened, went into the closet and shut the door.
The door did not lock.
Arwood and Campbell were charged with trespassing.
No drugs were found.
Campbell was also charged with violating their probation, stemming from a 2013 arrest.
Arwood has a colorful criminal history.
They have been to jail five times, with their first stint in 2000.
Going to Bollywood is one of the essential Indian experiences that make for a good travel chat among foreigners. Just like rip-offs, spicy food and diarrhoea. Every other day, Mumbai's filmmakers send off touts to the touristy streets of Colaba to hire foreigners as extras in some of the 800-plus movies produced in India every year. They know where to chase backpackers, globetrotters and roamers. They lurk for their prey at bars, budget dormitories and even souvenir stands.
Unlike many Indians who would sacrifice everything for a ticket to the glittering sets of Bollywood, it was a fairly easy deal for me. No casting, no relations, no bribes. It only required my inborn White nose to enter India's dream factory for one night. A stalwart's bloke approached me at Leopold Café, waving their visiting card: “You want to be in Bollywood? It's a night shoot—departure tomorrow at 7 pm.”
After more than two hours in traffic, the bus drops our group of 15 foreigners off behind a Thane shopping mall. A youngster comes up to the semi-circle of plastic chairs where we are told to wait, and lets us know that they are in charge of our well-being. As proof, they take out a notepad and takes our orders for a nearby McDonald's.
A buffet of Indian food has been laid out for the rest of the crew, but it seems as if they feel safer offering fast food to foreigners.
One veg burger and a few French fries later, I find out that I am soon to become an American. The film I am going to act in is a Karan Johar production, set in the United States. Shortly after this discovery, we are led into a supermarket and told not to touch anything. The life of an extra includes a lot of waiting. It is already past midnight and we are sleepily watching the crew prepare the set. Suddenly, a blonde Polish girl utters a high-pitched scream, waking us all up. A fat rat has whisked past them and disappeared into a dark hole below some vegetable baskets. For a short moment, everybody in the crew looks up.
The crew consists of about 30 people, of which 20 are only staring without moving an inch. A plump fellow—I will call them Bob—carries documents and runs from A to B, shouting orders at everybody in their proximity. Their young colleague, whose role is not clear to me, looks like Mr Bean, and the recordist struggles with an oversized microphone. Two bullish men in grey shirts keep yelling “Silence!” in a deafening volume. Are they mocking each other?
Suddenly, they are there, among us. Like a fata morgana, the diva has emerged out of nothing. As soon as they sit down, Kareena Kapoor transforms the place.  They are constantly cared for by a personal stylist who buzzes around them like a multi-armed Hindu deity: waving a comb, hairslides and a mirror at the same time. Kareena is in their own world and totally absorbed in the role. They constantly read and rehearses the lines. “She didn't practise their role?” a fellow extra asks me. None of us has great appreciation for actors we have hardly ever heard of—Kareena Kapoor, and then Imran Khan, who joins them later. Kareena seems utterly unreal and unapproachable to me.  They are treated not as a star, but like a living goddess. Even the staring men are spellbound by Kareena's invisible halo and keep their heads down.
The crew now gives us instructions. For the first scene, I am placed beside the deep-freezer. By the command “Background Action!” I have to start walking from the green peas. Slowly pushing a trolley filled with a giant bag of washing powder, I am the background for Kareena. They come running with a shopping basket and blubbers into their mobile: “He cheaaated on me!” So the movie is the usual soup of love, jealousy and intrigue.
It takes ages and dozens of trolley-marches until the director, a short guy with glasses and casual jeans, is satisfied with the take. The black patent-leather shoes they gave me—to make me look more American—have started hurting my feet.
It's deep in the night and we are getting more drowsy. Again, all we're doing as extras is waiting. For the first time in India, we as Whites are not at the centre of attention but mere background decoration. Two Aussies and a New Zealander have retired on camping chairs in the outdoor section of the market. I join them and start dozing on a colourful bean bag.
The next scene is shot at the cash-desk. While set-up is underway, Imran and Kareena pick up two glossy Bollywood magazines from the shelves of the real supermarket. Uninterestedly turning the pages, they seem to be reading the latest news about themselves. In this shot, Kareena is to pay for their shopping. Bob makes our part clear: “I want a lot of movement in the background.”
It is past 3 am and many of us don't feel like moving at all. Nevertheless, I want to be productive and create my own show as a random shopper. In this scene I unfold and test the softness of a brown towel, smell soaps of different quality and compare the prices of milk chocolate. This continues for at least two hours. I take it in good humour, but I can sense the tension rising around me. The blonde lady starts swearing in Polish. It sounds ugly.
Finally, the two British girls burst out in anger: “We were to be dropped back in Colaba at 7 am! We need to catch a plane at noon!” Nobody takes notice of them. Apparently they haven't considered the notorious Indian timing that always implies sizeable delays. How naïve, I think. Two shots later, they are ready to explode: “Listen, we are tired. Let us go! We are not animals!” Finally, when they refuse to continue their background action, Bob gives in and orders a taxi to have the two rebels sent back. But only on the condition that the others must stay.
At 6 am, things are getting stressful. “Come on, I want this quickly!” the director bellows, followed by their cranky assistant: “Let's go, let's go, hurry up!” Their words sound like last orders in a battlefield on the verge of defeat. Again we rehearse and shoot. Then, as suddenly as they came, Kareena takes them leave. They have had enough and nobody can object.
Now that the celebrity has disappeared, the crew seem to have lost their decency. I cannot help but compare their harsh commands to the orders once given to slaves. Is this reverse colonialism? I muse.
It is 7.15 am when the crew finally declares the shoot over. As we step out, two employees of the supermarket prepare the pastry counter for a new day. We receive our Rs 500 from the youngster. Back in Germany, you could make that amount in an hour as a waiter in a good restaurant. But this was not about the money, it's the experience.
Back on the bus, all of us sink into a sleepy haze. We will have a story to tell for a long time, but something strikes me: nobody had given us a single word of thanks, not even a hint of praise for our work. Maybe this is the fate of an extra in the place where India's dreams are made.
There are 21 active users currently online. Comments
Deep Space Station K-Class
General Plans
Illustrator:Copyright:These plans are based on the model built by Greg Jein for the Deep Space Nine episode, Trials and Tribble-ations. Both Doug Drexler and John Eaves put some excellent photos of that model on their blogs, providing me with some very good external views to work from. Greg's version of K-7 had a sharper look to the saucer edges, whereas the K-7 version in the digitally remastered series had a more bulbous look that I wasn't keen on, even though it more closely resembled the original 1967 model.Although the station is said to contain mostly storage areas and industrial fabrication facilities, I may have added some other facilities which take up room that I probably should have allocated to storage - I couldn't help it, I got carried away. Anyway, there's nothing that says those other areas would have to be used in the way that I've drawn them!I hope the plans are of some use to somebody out there. Enjoy!
Dropleaf is a new subscription platform that wants to help people discover more indie PC games. The service will offer a hand-picked collection of games with an added focus on reaching out to more diverse game creators. It's launching out of the summer batch of Y Combinator startups, and it'll start at $5 per month for access to a little over 40 games with plans to add 10 to 20 new games per month.
Discoverability is still a key issue for indie studios, who struggle to get their games in front of players. Small teams often can't afford to finance extensive marketing campaigns, which might help audiences find their work. Most devs post their titles to the Steam digital gaming platform, which dominates the online space and makes up 50 percent to 70 percent of all PC game downloads. For $100, anyone meets certain requirements can post a game through Steam Direct, the open submissions portal that replaced Steam Greenlight, a now-defunct feature that let the community vote on game releases. Steam can be a crowded space; last month, 457 games debuted on its store, according to Steam Spy. In 2016, 4,731 games came to Steam.
Unlike indie platforms like itch.io or Game Jolt, which permit developers to post directly to them, Dropleaf cofounder and CEO Vikram Rangraj says it's unlikely that their platform will open up completely. Instead, it wants to select games and focus on quality.
“We want to bring players great games, so right now, we're focused on providing a more curated experience,” said Rangraj in an email. “That doesn't mean we're looking to be exclusionary though, or will dismiss something just because it's a ‘casual' game, whatever that means. We want to make sure that we have plenty of content for gamers of all stripes to love, whether that's racing games, action-adventure, first-person shooters, platformers, weird artsy stuff — usually my favorite — puzzles or hidden object games.”
In an attempt to feature a wide range of games, Rangraj says that the company is prioritizing diversity.
“The diverse voices that gaming needs — women, [people of color], LGBTQ folks and other marginalized groups — are out there, and making games,” said Rangraj. “We just have to be willing to look for them, which we are. It's also important to make sure we have experiences that players from those categories can connect with, and while I'd love to see more diverse games in our library, I think we're off to a pretty decent start, thanks to titles like A Normal Lost Phone, and A Blind Legend.”
Dropleaf features a recommendation feature to help users find more games. Like on Steam, users will be able to tag games, however, Rangraj says that they are still working on how that will affect the the recommendation system.
“I can't speak for Steam's discovery queue but our system actively learns user behavior patterns and looks at a number of data points about the game, it's meta data and the social construction around a game,” said Zi Guo, a Dropleaf cofounder, in an email. “I believe these are the key pivots which enable better recommendations.”
Dropleaf launched today, and early adopters will pay $5 per month to access the whole game library. Once it exits beta, the monthly price will rise to $10. Users will have to download the Dropleaf app to play.
Revenue share for developers is based on time, so whenever users play a game, that developer will receive revenue. This “game time” model is similar to the web-streaming indie game service Jump, which is launching later this year. According to news site IGN, Jump's mission is to be a “Netflix for games” and will also have a focus on indie games at the same $10 price point. It'll be interesting to see how the two services compare when they've both exited beta.
Construction and capacity expansion firmly on track
MARKHAM, ON, Nov. 6, 2017 /CNW/ - MedReleaf Corp. (TSX:LEAF) ("MedReleaf" or the "Company"), Canada's first and only ISO 9001 and ICH-GMP certified producer of medical cannabis, has been granted an amended licence from Health Canada to permit sales of medical cannabis under the Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations ("ACMPR") at its second facility in Bradford, ON ("Bradford Facility"). This increases the Company's total current licensed production and sales capacity by 80% to approximately 12,600 kg per year.
"Just 6 months after receiving our cultivation licence at Bradford, we are among the fastest producers to receive a sales licence and have completed multiple harvests at best-in-class cultivation yields of 300 grams per square foot," said Neil Closner, CEO of MedReleaf. "As our industry grows, our proven ability to execute large scale projects while maintaining the highest quality standards further solidifies MedReleaf as a trusted leader amongst licensed producers."
This latest amended license from Health Canada follows several other recent milestones at the Bradford Facility. On October 11, 2017, MedReleaf received its amended licence for the use of its Mother Room and Clone Room which will support the growing capacity at the Bradford Facility. On October 20, 2017, the Company received an amended licence for the use of two additional cultivation rooms, effectively doubling annual production capacity to an estimated 5,600 kg at the Bradford Facility. Once construction of the Bradford Facility is fully completed in the summer of 2018, total licensed production and sales capacity from MedReleaf's two facilities in Markham and Bradford will be 35,000 kg per year.
About MedReleaf Corp.
MedReleaf sets The Medical Grade Standard™ for cannabis in Canada and around the world. The first and only ICH-GMP and ISO 9001 certified cannabis producer in North America, MedReleaf is a R&D-driven company dedicated to patient care, scientific innovation, research and advancing the understanding of the therapeutic benefits of cannabis. Sourced from around the world and perfected in one of two state of the art facilities in Ontario, MedReleaf delivers a variety of premium products to patients seeking safe, consistent and effective medical cannabis.
For more information on MedReleaf, its products, research and how the company is helping patients #livefree, please visit MedReleaf.com or follow @medreleaf
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation which are based upon MedReleaf's current internal expectations, estimates, projections, assumptions and beliefs and views of future events. Forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "expect", "likely", "may", "will", "should", "intend", "anticipate", "potential", "proposed", "estimate" and other similar words, including negative and grammatical variations thereof, or statements that certain events or conditions "may", "would" or "will" happen, or by discussions of strategy. Forward-looking information include estimates, plans, expectations, opinions, forecasts, projections, targets, guidance or other statements that are not statements of fact.
Any forward-looking information speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and, except as required by law, MedReleaf does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for MedReleaf to predict all such factors. When considering these forward-looking statements, readers should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in MedReleaf's Annual Information Form dated June 27, 2017 and filed with the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authorities on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The risk factors and other factors noted in MedReleaf's Annual Information Form could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those described in any forward-looking information.
SOURCE MedReleaf Corp.
For further information: Contact Information: Dennis Fong, Investor Relations, investorrelations@medreleaf.com, 416-283-9930
Related Links
www.medreleaf.com
By Brandon Turbeville
The leading anti-Russian figure of the Anglo-American establishment and geopolitical chess player, Zbigniew Brzezinski, has recently declared in an op-ed for the Financial Times that the United States should “retaliate” against Russia for its actions in Syria, even going so far as military action to do so.
Brzezinski argues that the recent Russian involvement in Syria puts American credibility and global reputation at stake and suggests that such a situation is intolerable. Brzezinski wrote that Russian attacks against what they and the U.S. State Department have labeled as the “non-ISIS” targets and “rebels backed by the United States” at best reflects “Russian military incompetence” and at worst signals “evidence of a dangerous desire to highlight American political impotence.”
“In these rapidly unfolding circumstances the U.S. has only one real option if it is to protect its wider stakes in the region: to convey to Moscow the demand that it cease and desist from military actions that directly affect American assets,” they wrote.
“But, better still, Russia might be persuaded to act with the U.S. in seeking a wider accommodation to a regional problem that transcends the interests of a single state,” they added later.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Brzezinski hinted that Russia was engaged in a “new form of neocolonial domination” and offered up their assessment of the geopolitical situation when they stated
China would doubtless prefer to stay on the sidelines. It might calculate that it will then be in a better position to pick up the pieces. But the regional chaos could easily spread northeastward, eventually engulfing central and northeastern Asia. Both Russia and then China could be adversely affected. But American interests and America's friends — not to mention regional stability — would also suffer. It is time, therefore, for strategic boldness.
It is, indeed, a strange kind of “neocolonial domination” that sees the “dominated” country invite the “dominator” in for support with the “dominator” incredibly resistant to doing so for years. It is also incredibly hypocritical to suggest that Russia is the state actor representing a “neocolonial domination” when the United States has marched its blood-drenched boots all across the globe for decades, slaughtering, draining, and oppressing the hapless civilians that have been unfortunate enough to have been born in a country with natural wealth or strategic positioning.
Of course, the idea that U.S. credibility is on the line as a result of the Russian involvement is without question. Unfortunately for the United States, however, that ship has already sailed a long time ago and what little shred of American credibility that was left is being eaten up by every sortie flown against ISIS by the Russian military.
Indeed, it is quite amazing what one can accomplish when one bombs the actual terrorist organization it claims is the enemy. The Russians have clearly demonstrated that either the United States military is not capable of fighting itself out of a wet paper bag, or the U.S. government never wanted to fight ISIS to begin with. Considering the trail of destruction the United States has left behind in its wake, it is safe to say that the latter is the logical conclusion.
Use your kegerator for more than just pouring a pint
Sometimes we buy a keg of beer and just can't finish it no matter how hard we try. Maybe you have had the keg for a few weeks and now are just ready for something different. Don't throw that liquid gold down the drain. Send that yeasty goodness over to the oven and transform it into a delicious beer bread for friends and family.
Focaccia Beer Bread Recipe
Ingredients
1 3/4 cups warmed beer (we chose a Pale Ale)
1 package active dry yeast
1 tablespoon sugar
5 cups all-purpose flour, plus additional for kneading
1 tablespoon kosher salt, plus coarse sea salt, for sprinkling
1 cup extra-virgin olive oil, divided
Directions
Combine the warmed beer, yeast and sugar in a small bowl. Put the bowl in a warm, not hot or cool, place until the yeast is bubbling and aromatic, at least 15 minutes.
In the bowl of a mixer fitted with a dough hook, combine the flour, 1 tablespoon of kosher salt, 1/2 cup olive oil and the yeast mixture on low speed. Once the dough has come together, continue to knead for 5 to 6 minutes on a medium speed until it becomes smooth and soft. Give it a sprinkle of flour if the dough is really sticky and tacky.
Transfer the dough to a clean, lightly floured surface, then knead it by hand 1 or 2 times. Again, give it another sprinkle of flour if the dough is really sticky and tacky.
Coat the inside of the mixer bowl lightly with olive oil and return the dough to the bowl. Cover it with plastic wrap and put it in a warm place until the dough has doubled in size, at least 1 hour.
Coat a sheet cake pan or jelly roll pan with the remaining 1/2 cup olive oil.
Put the dough onto the pan and begin pressing it out to fit the size of the pan. Turn the dough over to coat the other side with the olive oil. Continue to stretch the dough to fit the pan. As you are doing so, spread your fingers out and make finger holes all the way through the dough.
Put the dough in the warm place until it has doubled in size, about 1 hour. While the dough is rising a second time, preheat the oven to 425 degrees F.
Liberally sprinkle the top of the focaccia with some coarse sea salt and lightly drizzle a little oil on top. Bake the dough until the top of the loaf is golden brown, about 25 to 30 minutes. Remove the focaccia from the oven and let it cool before cutting and serving.
Columbia Pictures has just revealed the full cast of the upcoming Inferno, the third film in the franchise that launched with The Da Vinci Code in 2006 and continued with Angels & Demons in 2009. Ron Howard returns as both director and producer with Tom Hanks set to reprise their role as Robert Langdon opposite Oscar nominee Felicity Jones (The Theory of Everything) as Dr. Sienna Brooks, Irrfan Khan (Life of Pi) as Harry Sims (also known as The Provost), Omar Sy (The Intouchables) as Christoph Bruder and Sidse Babett Knudsen (“Borgen”) as Dr. Elizabeth Sinskey, the head of the World Health Organization. The filmmakers — which also includes returning producer Brian Grazer — are also in talks with several other internationally-recognized actors for major roles.
The Imagine Entertainment production, which has a screenplay by David Koepp based on the book by Dan Brown, is slated for release on October 14, 2016 and will begin principal photography at the end of April. The project's executive producers include Dan Brown, Anna Culp, Bill Connor, and David Householter.
Inferno continues the Harvard symbologist's adventures on screen: when Robert Langdon wakes up in an Italian hospital with amnesia, they team up with Sienna Brooks, a doctor they hope will help them recover their memories and prevent a madman from releasing a global plague connected to Dante's immortal tome.
“For this film, I wanted Tom Hanks to be surrounded by an international cast of actors whose energy will underscore Robert Langdon's life-or-death peril,” Howard explains, “the high-stakes action they take, and the global threat that he's trying to prevent. Felicity, Irrfan, Omar, and Sidse have all broken through with recognition here in America as well as their home countries – they are phenomenal talents and we can't wait to get started.”
“We're thrilled to be making a third Robert Langdon film with Ron, Tom and Brian,” adds Doug Belgrad, President, Sony Pictures Entertainment Motion Picture Group. “‘Inferno' will deliver all of the excitement, intrigue and international adventure that audiences expect from a film based on Dan Brown's huge selling Langdon book series. We can't wait to see this character back on the big screen.”
Michael De Luca and Andrea Giannetti are overseeing the project for Columbia Pictures.
You can check out official announcement photos of the new cast in the gallery viewer below:
Every man needs a best friend, and it's not a dog. Doing so makes men and the world better. ‘Detectorists' depicts such a friendship between two working-class British blokes.
One of the nice things about Netflix is the opportunity to stumble upon shows that you never would have found otherwise. Some evening months ago, one of my best mates texted me this blunt and attention-getting note: “Detectorists. Watch. Now.”  They are smart and has an assertive personality, so of course, I did watch. Now. I was intrigued.
The show is one of the most curiously charming I've seen in some time. “Detectorists” is an unusual BBC tale of the daily friendship of two working-class blokes from the nowhere town of Danebury, England. (The show does have a smattering of bawdy language commensurate to such blue-collar, pub-frequenting chaps.) They spend most of their free time in the dirt of the local farmlands looking for ancient subterranean Saxon treasures.
They are Detectorists. Not “metal detectors.” They are quite insistent that one is the tool they use, the other who they are. Don't confuse them. And it's not just a hobby, but their life. They are proud members of the Danebury Metal Detecting Club, which meets monthly to talk of things that interest serious detectorists.
The show is quirky, funny, artistically shot, and wonderfully told. The theme music is worth the price of admission itself. The tall, thin and gaunt Andy Stone (Mackenzie Cook, the show's writer and director) works odd jobs and has a faithful girlfriend who graciously tolerates their obsession. The shorter, rounder Lance Slater (Toby Jones) drives a forklift for a produce company and is divorced from and still has thoughts for the woman who runs the local New Age trinket shop.
Regular In Every Way Except Their Friendship
Their detecting pursuits, and competition for fame and fortune with other local Detectorists—friend and foe—serves as the foundation for what is the most beautiful and compelling part of their show: their enduring and comfortable friendship as two men. Much of the show is them sharing their dreams, struggles, relationship problems, and detecting strategies, as well as making fun of other detectors who try to horn in on their territory. Andy and Lance are not necessarily praiseworthy, “macho” or heroic men. They are not anyone's role model or “ideal man.” They are simply two regular guys. But their friendship is a valued and mutual gift that few men have.
Have you ever seen a show centered around the goodness of the day-in, day-out friendship of two relatively normal and decent men? I can't recall one. Maybe “Psych,” but Shawn and Guster are less mature than their years should demand. “King of the Hill,” but these friendships exist primarily in hours of beer-drinking in the alley. Probably “The Andy Griffith Show.” But in these, the relationships themselves aren't central as it is in “Detectorists.”
Genuine male friendship is as important as it is rare, unfortunately. One of my kids asked me many years ago, “Dad, besides mom, who is your best friend?” It hit me initially as a strange question. Woman have best friends. Children have best friends. Men don't have best friends. They have friends to be sure. But not “best” friends.
That is a descriptor used only by kids and women, being a little too touchy-feely for men. But as quickly as I thought that, I realized I had a number of male friends who could indeed qualify as “best.” They have existed at different stages of my life, and I happily explained to my junior inquisitor the ways they have enriched my life.
Nels, my best friend from elementary school, whom I still have. Two best friends from my early married years, Greg and Tommy. We worked together at Greg's paint store. Derek is my best friend today. He's the guy who hipped me to the show. These men have been a great blessing to me and a rich enhancement of my life. They have helped make me a better man, father, and husband to be sure.
What Forms Male Best Friends
Male best friends are a rare, if not non-existent, subject in television and film for some reason. That's a shame. One of the most touching parts of a very touching film was centered on declaring a “best friend.” But it wasn't between men. Why don't we talk more about enduring male friendships? We have bromances, you might retort. Dude, please. The first step toward healing is admitting you have a problem.
One of the most distinctive things about male best friends is what typically forms them. They do stuff together. Woman best friends are often more content to simply be together. The Detectorists detect together. They certainly spend a good bit of time on their coffee break in the fields and in the pub talking about the struggles of relationships with women, their competitors, and lack of luck finding treasures. But it is doing something that brings them together and bonds them. Take away the thing they do, and the relationship itself is unlikely to endure.
My first best friendship, since the second grade, came together all those years ago because we loved to fish in Pirates' Cove (its real name) each day after school. It's what we did. I still try to visit them every other year or so, and we fish. With my two early adulthood best friends we worked, biked, and talked theology together. My present best friend: We also work together, and talk politics, music, culture and television shows.
There were and are certainly more to our relationships than all these, but it was the doing that bonded us and created the time together to develop our friendship to the status of “best.” It is only after this type of active and long bonding—often requiring many years—that two men can become comfortable enough just being together, sitting quietly without need of words or activity.
Many Men Don't Have Good Friends
I remember my dad having occasional friends with whom they went camping, sailing, and played tennis. But these were few and far between, which made them distinct and noticeable. They didn't really have a best friend they hung with a good deal and was well known to us. The reason for this, primarily, was that they were busy working their job, tending our house and yard, keeping us five kids out of trouble on top of volunteering at church and in the community. They didn't seem to have time to really invest in additional relationships. All of us would have been happy for them to do so.
I think that is the issue with most men, particularly when their children are small. They are busy trying to earn a living, help their wives with their kids, and merely keep the wheels on life. Women, of course, do all these things too, if not more so. But something unique and mysterious in the wiring of a woman allows them to develop and maintain close “girlfriend” relationships in the midst of all the mom activities. The female relationship grows more deeply in their relating self, rather than their “doing” doing self.
It can take place in the midst of their busyness, over lunches at work, talking about the struggles at home and on the job, exercising. It can develop while waiting for their children's soccer or baseball games to wrap up, in the carpool line, or over the back fence. Men cannot develop multi-tasking friendships. They need something to bond them to other men. Women just need the opportunity to chat. And it is usually emotional life experiences and their children that bond them together. Not so with men.
Real, enduring, meaty male friendships should be more common. Wives should encourage and give their husbands time to develop and invest in such relationships. It is good for their children to see such things, as it shows them another and essential part of healthy manhood. It shows them an important and necessary angle on their father—he becomes more dimensional.
Time with best friends provides men short and matchless Sabbaths from the grind of life. They help them get perspective, enhancing us in new ways, through the strong and unique influence of other men. A man's best friend can serve as their counselor, confessor, and confidante. A man's best friend can keep them accountable in living a straight life, helping them stay between the white lines of life.
No one else can do this for a man like another man. No one can talk to a man with such frank boldness and not have them feel scolded or demeaned. Not their boss. Not their wife. Not their mother or father. Not their children. A man is allowed to be another type of person around their male friend and only around their male friends. Minding one's behavior is necessary, but a man friend allows another man to relax that a bit now and then in safe and healthy ways. Only men can really understand and appreciate what this means.
Every man needs a best friend, and it's not a dog. Doing so makes men and the world all the better. “Detectorists” is a sweet show that demonstrates for us how true this is in a wonderful way.
Let us go back in time to September 4, when EU Ambassador Romana Vlahutin brought “good news” from Brussels. Among other encouraging and positive statements, Ambassador Vlahutin, who is planning a 1-year extension of their mandate to witness the “real and tangible” results of the judicial reform, declared:
I would say that also Albania is in a very good moment. Justice reform, the most demanding and complex reform of all, is now finally to be implemented, with vetting starting in less than two weeks. Formation of new institutions including special prosecution for corruption and organized crime hopefully by the end of this year.
These two weeks passed, and now we are nearly two months later. In spite of the arrival of the International Monitoring Operation and the dubious reconstruction of the former Ministry of Culture into the Palace of Vetting, the vetting itself by the Independent Qualification Commission (KPK) and the other vetting institutions doesn't appear to have started.
Meanwhile, the “good moment” of early September seems to have passed. The recent revelation of former Minister of Interior Saimir Tahiri's close links with the criminal world showed not only the glaring inability of the Albanian government to effectively fight organized crime and drug trafficking – one of the five key priorities to open EU accession negotiations – it also, and more seriously, showed the precise political intentions behind the judicial reform, intentions that the opposition has warned the international community about for months on end.
These intentions were clearly expressed by Prime Minister Edi Rama in a recent speech to the parliamentary group of the PS, in which they stated that the opposition is afraid of the “new justice”:
If in the end justice affirms the truth of Saimir Tahiri, then I guarantee you there will be no more need to tell people anymore, as we did for so many years, that we are different. And Saimir will return with the honor that belongs to them and with our hearts loaded with a great liberation to the place that belongs to them in this group and this political family where everyone can make a mistake but no one can betray Albania and the people that believe us and support us.
In other words, the “new justice,” the justice post-vetting, will be the justice that sets Saimir Tahiri free and proves their innocence. There is probably no clearer articulation of what the vetting – in the eyes of Rama – is supposed to accomplish. To make sure that their drug-trafficking minister and right-hand man goes free. The Tahiri case is the test case for whether “new justice” will have been established.
If this were not worrying enough, the behavior of some deputies Friday in the defense of Tahiri was shocking not only in their absolute lack of knowledge of the Constitution or the Parliamentary Regulations, it was especially shocking because these were the very same people who had drafted the judicial reform. If a political system is able to motivate a well-known specialist in jurisprudence like Vasilika Hysi, a former director of the Albanian Helsinki Committee, to utter the most absurdist claims, including that a discussion about the removal of the privilege of parliamentary immunity would touch upon Tahiri's fundamental human rights, it must be rotten to the core. And the rottenness now aims to fully capture the judicial branch of government – to establish a “new justice.”
No wonder the latest events are met with a complete silence of the international supporters of the judicial reform. Did they suddenly realize they made the same mistake as many other former communist countries – that they handed the courts on a platter to Edi Rama?
It is perhaps enlightening to go back to the report on the “EU Approach to Justice Reform in Southeastern and Eastern Europe,” published by the Romanian Center for European Policies in 2011, and one of its sobering conclusions:
The judicial and anticorruption reforms promoted at high cost by the EU are often undermined by the Parliaments. We have to face the reality that these countries face a structural problem: the weak internal demand for anticorruption at the societal level. Unfortunately, the political parties are truly representatives of their people.
The Albanian Parliament, the same Parliament that passed the EU's favored judicial reform, is now slated to protect the undeserved, and self-serving, privilege a former minister allegedly involved in drug trafficking, organized crime, and corruption. This is the “high cost” the EU will have to pay.
Plot Edit
Main article: Sundara Kanda Rama, the prince of Ayodhya, is exiled to the forests for a term of fourteen years.  They are joined by their wife Sita and brother Laxman. Ravana, the demon king, who also wanted to wed Sita, decides to take revenge and abducts them from the forest. While on the search for their wife, Rama meets Hanuman. Hanuman is a great devotee of Rama and promises to find Sita. Hanuman flies to the island of Lanka and finds Sita there. They inform them that they are a great devotee of Rama and that Rama would soon be coming to take them back. To prove their identity, they give them Rama's ring. On their return journey they are arrested by the soldiers of Ravana. When produced in court Ravana orders Hanuman's tail to be set on fire. Hanuman then breaks their bondage and flies away. With their tail on fire they set the whole city of Lanka ablaze. After setting fire to the whole town, Hanuman leaps away from the island and extinguishes the fire in the Indian Ocean.
Cast Edit
Salunkhe in the role of Sita. Inset shows Hanuman giving the ring. Anna Salunke as Rama
Anna Salunke as Sita
Ganpat G. Shinde as Hanuman
D.D. Dabke [4]
Mandakini Phalke
Reception Edit
As the film was based on a Hindu mythological theme it was well received by the audiences. When the film was screened in Mumbai (then Bombay), viewers used to take their shoes off when Rama, the Hindu god, appeared on screen.[5] Trick photography and special effects used in the film delighted the audiences.[6][7] The film was well received by the masses. According to film historian Amrit Gangar, coins from ticket counters were collected in gunny bags and transported on bullock carts to the producer's office. There were long queues at Majestic cinema in Bombay where people would fight for tickets and toss coins at the ticket counter because the film was mostly houseful.[8]
DeepMind, an artificial intelligence firm that was acquired by Google in 2014 and is now under the Alphabet umbrella, has developed a computer than can refer to its own memory to learn facts and use that knowledge to answer questions.
That's huge, because it means that future AI could respond to queries from humans without being taught every possible correct answer.
DeepMind says its new AI model, called a differentiable neural computer (DNC), can be fed with things like a family tree and a map of the London Underground network, and can answer complex questions about the relationships between items in those data structures.
For example, you could get responses to questions like, “Starting at Bond street, and taking the Central line in a direction one stop, the Circle line in a direction for four stops, and the Jubilee line in a direction for two stops, at what stop do you wind up?” DeepMind says its DNC could also help you plan an efficient route from Moorgate to Piccadilly Circus.
Similarly, it could understand and answer questions about the relationships between people from a large family, like, ““Who is Freya's maternal great uncle?” You can see a visualization of this below:
This discovery builds on the concept of neural networks, which mimic the way the human mind works. They are great for machine learning applications where you want a computer to learn to do things by recognizing patterns.
It's these networks that helped DeepMind's AlphaGo AI defeat world champions at the complex game of Go. But AlphaGo had to be trained by feeding it data about 30 million moves from historical games. By augmenting an AI's capabilities with the power of learning from memory, it'll likely be able to complete far more complex tasks on its own.
DeepMind hopes that its DNC, which it describes as “a learning machine that, without prior programming, can organise information into connected facts and use those facts to solve problems,” will allow for further breakthroughs in computing. It published its research findings in the scientific journal Nature, and you can read the paper here.
Differentiable neural computers on DeepMind Blog
Read next: Watch this huge church ceiling get lit up with a beautiful interactive sky
Uncharitable comments, trolls and aggressive reactions on social media platforms on almost every issue, including judges and judicial proceedings, today came under the scanner of the Supreme Court which expressed concern over it and agreed that regulating them was necessary.
The apex court also disapproved and expressed anguish over a statement made by a senior advocate and former Supreme Court Bar Association President that most of the judges are pro-government.
"They should sit in the Supreme Court to see how the government is hauled up," a bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud observed.
The concern of the bench found strong support from two eminent lawyers, Fali S Nariman and Harish Salve, who are assisting the apex court in a matter relating to the comment made by former UP Minister Azam Khan in a highway gangrape case.
"Earlier the right to privacy could have been infringed by the state only. Now such things emanate from private parties also," the Supreme Court said ×
"I have deleted my Twitter account. It was so abusive," Salve said, adding that once when they were appearing in a case relating to a Christian medical college and the subsequent happenings on their Twitter handle forced them to delete it.
"I have stopped looking at them," Nariman said, adding that unwarranted comments about almost everything can be found on these platforms.
The bench then said that one of the observations made during the hearing on the Rohingya matters was projected as if an order was delivered and it became a subject matter of debate.
Anything that disrupts free exchange of views between the judges and the arguing lawyers needs to be curbed, Salve said.
The bench also said that there was misuse of social media platforms and people disseminated wrong information even about the court proceedings.
"Earlier the right to privacy could have been infringed by the state only. Now such things emanate from private parties also," the bench said.
Pointing out that a newspaper or a media organisation which gets an audio clip, publishes it without taking any responsibility of its authenticity, Salve asked: "does it not amount to infringement of privacy".
The concept of "my house is my castle" is fast fading due to the intrusion of private players, the bench said.
Nariman then said the Indian civil laws were "defective" and unable to handle such incidents.
"There was an urgent need to have some kind of regulation," Salve said. The bench agreed to the suggestion.
Meanwhile, the top court today referred to a constitution bench questions like whether a public functionary or a minister can claim freedom of speech while airing views in a sensitive matter which is under investigation.
Courtesy: UticaComets.com
Welcome back to our weekly edition of the Comets Militia report, where we give you all the details, rumours, analysis and statistics of those weird as sh*t Comets down in the AHL. With a heavy load this weekened due to a back-to-back-to-back, it was surprising to see the Comets finish out with 6 of 8 points and have seemingly put their losing streak behind them.
Continue past the jump for all your information on the farm team!
The Statistics
The Comets won 3 of their games this week to jump 1 spot in the league, they are still in 2nd in the conference and 4 points behind Oklahoma City for 1st in the West. Their goal differentials saw some improvement, while their shooting percentage is still below average. Their PK remains elite as they are 2nd in the league, but still can't put pucks in the net.
Friday's 4-2 Win @ Adirondack
[ Comets Review ] [ Highlights ]
Tom Sestito was hurt in the previous week so they did not play; Mike Zalewski came in the line up in their place.
Saturday's 3-2 Win @ Adirondack
[ Comets Review ] [ Highlights ]
The Comets were fatigued in this game, but was no excuse as Adirondack was as well. The Comets had the early lead but Adirondack pulled ahead until the 3rd period when Mike Zalewski tied up the game before scoring the game-winning goal too. The Comets decided to play the same goaltender in back-to-backs again.
Sunday's 7-4 Win vs Binghamton
[ Comets Review ] [ Highlights ]
This was one of the craziest Comets games in a long time. Utica was chasing Bingo early after a couple of quick goals and were trailing until the 3rd when the levee broke and the Comets scored 4 times. Both teams had penalty shots and approximately a couple hundred penalty minutes were handed out. A list of all Comets who were in a fight in just this game include: D. Archibald, B. DeFazio, C. Bancks, A. Pedan, N. Jensen, and D. Archibald (again). Brendan Gaunce continues to really stand out this year, scoring once again, and likely providing more offence than was anticipated from him.
Wednesday's 1-2 Loss vs Rochester
[ Comets Review ] [ Highlights ]
With the Buffalo/Winnipeg trade that went down Wednesday, Rochester had to pull Joel Armia out of the line up at the last minute. Despite that, the Comets were outplayed in a low event game and weren't able to walk away with any points.
The Players
Name Pos GP G A PTS +/- PIM PPG SOG SoG/G Sh% 21 Dustin Jeffrey C 40 14 20 34 7 14 0.85 78 1.95 17.95% 16 Cal O'Reilly C 47 4 30 34 -5 8 0.72 61 1.30 6.56% 24 Brandon DeFazio RW 46 14 13 27 5 58 0.59 113 2.46 12.39% 6 Bobby Sanguinetti D 39 10 13 23 20 6 0.59 82 2.10 12.20% 28 Alexandre Grenier RW 38 10 10 20 3 53 0.53 87 2.29 11.49% 10 Brendan Gaunce LW 46 6 14 20 6 15 0.43 98 2.13 6.12% 17 Nicklas Jensen RW 34 10 8 18 -11 19 0.53 100 2.94 10.00% 9 Hunter Shinkaruk LW 46 6 9 15 -5 20 0.33 94 2.04 6.38% 3 Alex Biega D 41 3 12 15 -2 16 0.37 73 1.78 4.11% 41 Will Acton C 35 7 7 14 -4 13 0.4 68 1.94 10.29% 25 Darren Archibald LW 42 6 7 13 7 73 0.31 76 1.81 7.89% 36 Wacey Hamilton C 31 4 9 13 4 25 0.42 42 1.35 9.52% 8 Alex Friesen C 32 5 7 12 9 41 0.38 53 1.66 9.43% 15 Ronalds Kenins LW 36 5 7 12 6 23 0.33 61 1.69 8.20% 37 Andrey Pedan D 33 2 10 12 5 105 0.36 60 1.82 3.33% 34 Carter Bancks RW 36 6 4 10 9 33 0.28 52 1.44 11.54% 4 Kane Lafranchise D 24 2 8 10 2 4 0.42 33 1.38 6.06% 26 Frank Corrado D 21 4 4 8 3 17 0.38 50 2.38 8.00% 14 Mike Zalewski LW 26 3 5 8 2 6 0.31 29 1.12 10.34% 40 Peter Andersson D 32 2 3 5 10 18 0.16 41 1.28 4.88% 29 Kent Huskins D 23 1 3 4 3 2 0.17 10 0.43 10.00% 2 Travis Ehrhardt D 25 1 3 4 1 18 0.16 25 1.00 4.00% 27 Tom Sestito LW 10 1 0 1 -2 20 0.1 11 1.10 9.09% 11 John Negrin D 19 0 1 1 2 4 0.05 17 0.89 0.00% 18 Patrick Kennedy RW 4 0 0 0 1 0 0 7 1.75 0.00%
The Goalies
Name GP Min GA SO GAA W L OT SA SVS SAV% Jacob Markstrom 22 1298:48:00 43 4 1.99 14 6 2 624 581 0.931 Joe Cannata 1 59:00:00 2 0 2.03 0 1 0 24 22 0.917 Joacim Eriksson 26 1490:17:00 61 0 2.46 14 6 4 705 644 0.913
Jacob Markstrom is currently 3rd in the AHL save percentage. Their position changes every game.
The Transactions
Patrick Kennedy has been recalled from the ECHL to play in Utica. A bit of a surprise as there is a glut of forwards, but Tom Sestito is hurt.
Brandon McMillan was acquired off of waivers from the Arizona Coyotes on Thursday. McMillan will start with the Canucks, however it is not unreasonable to expect them to be in Utica before long, helping the Comets make a Calder Cup run.
The Schedule
The schedule for the next week is a mixed bag; there are no back-to-backs, and the games come against two weaker opponents, then Willie Desjardins' old team. The Comets are visitors in 2 of the games, so that does work against them.
The News
Top of the list, as so often, are three Scandinavian countries: Finland, which has been in first place for five years in succession, followed by Norway and Denmark. At the other end of the scale, Turkmenistan, North Korea and Eritrea, in last place, were the worst performers. France is ranked 38th (up one place), the United States 49th (down three places), Japan 61st (down two places), Brazil 99 (up 12 places), Russia 152 (down four places), Iran 173rd (unchanged) and China 176th (down one place).
The 2015 World Press Freedom Index highlights the worldwide deterioration in freedom of information in 2014. Beset by wars, the growing threat from non-state operatives, violence during demonstrations and the economic crisis, media freedom is in retreat on all five continents.
The indicators compiled by Reporters Without Borders are incontestable. There was a drastic decline in freedom of information in 2014. Two-thirds of the 180 countries surveyed for the 2015 World Press Freedom Index performed less well than in the previous year. The annual global indicator, which measures the overall level of violations of freedom of information in 180 countries year by year, has risen to 3,719, an 8 percent increase over 2014 and almost 10 percent compared with 2013. The decline affected all continents.
The European Union-Balkans region is in the lead by far, but nonetheless recorded the biggest fall between the 2014 and 2015 editions. This disturbing trend reflects a two-fold phenomenon: the excesses of some member countries on the one hand and the inability of EU mechanisms to contain them on the other. The region that is bottom of the freedom of information list, North Africa and the Middle East, this year once again contained information “black holes”. Comprising entire regions, these are controlled by non-state groups in which independent information simply does not exist.
The most striking developments in the 2015 edition
The fallers
Andorra (32nd), the sharpest fall, has paid the price for the lack of independence of its media from financial, political and religious interests. It fell by 27 places as a result of the many conflicts of interests and the great difficulty experienced by journalists in covering the activities of Andorran banks, coupled with the lack of any legal protection for freedom of information, such as the confidentiality of journalists' sources.
In Asia, East Timor (103rd) fell by 26 places. The creation of a press council and the adoption of a code of ethics in October 2013 have been a disappointment. In 2014, the government proposed a tough new media law, which has led to widespread self-censorship.
In sub-Saharan Africa, Congo (107th) fell 25 places after a difficult year for independent news outlets. The government stepped up its witch-hunt of critical journalists, at times resorting to extreme violence. Journalists who refuse to keep quiet are forced to flee the country or are expelled.
Western Europe saw numerous countries in decline. Italy (73rd) fell 24 places after a difficult year for journalists for whom threats from the mafia, among others, and unjustified defamation suits, skyrocketed. Iceland (21st, down 13) paid the price of worsening relations between politicians and media. The drop was an alarm call for this “model of democracy”.
In South America, Venezuela (137th) fell 20 places. The National Bolivarian Guard (national army) opened fire on journalists during demonstrations, although they were clearly identified as such. In Ecuador (108th, down 13), the promising Organic Law on Communication soon revealed its limitations. Forced corrections became a means of institutional censorship.
Journalists working in Libya (154th, down 17 places) have lived through a chaotic period since the fall of Gaddafi, during which Reporters Without Borders recorded seven murders and 37 kidnappings of journalists. Faced with such violence, more than 40 people working in the media decided to leave the country in 2014. Reporting on the activities of the militias that have carved up the country is an act of heroism.
In South Sudan (125th, down 6 places), gripped by civil war, the radical polarisation and constant harassment of news organizations caused it to fall down the rankings. Press freedom was suspended “because of civil war”, as a Reporters Without Borders headline said in July last year on the third anniversary of the country's birth.
Pressure on independent media continued to intensify in Russia (152nd, down 4), with another string of draconian laws, website blocking and independent news outlets either brought under control or throttled out of existence. The repressive climate encouraged some local despots to step up their persecution of critics.
In the Caucasus, Azerbaijan (162nd, down 2) suffered an unprecedented crackdown on critics and registered the biggest fall in score among the index's 25 lowest-ranking countries. With media freedom already limited by one-sided regulation and control of the advertising market, the few remaining independent publications were either collapsing under the impact of astronomic damages awards or were simply closed by the police. The number of journalists and bloggers who were jailed turned Azerbaijan into Europe's biggest prison for news providers.
In the Americas, the United States (49th, down three places) continues its decline. In 2014, the New York Times journalist James Risen came under government pressure to reveal their sources. Although the Obama administration backed away in that case, it continues its war on information in others, such as WikiLeaks.
The risers
There are few of these. Mongolia (54th) rose 34 places, the Index's biggest jump. It had few violations in 2014, while the benefits of legislation on access to information began to be seen. Problems remain, however, including on the legislative front, but there has been a clear improvement.
Tonga (44th), which held its first democratic elections in 2010, strengthened its position thanks to an independent press, which has established its role as a counter-weight to the government. The Polynesian nation has risen an enviable 19 places.
The long-running political crisis in Madagascar (64th) came to an end with the election of Hery Rajaonarimampianina as president in January 2014 and the departure of the information minister. This democratic transition eased the previous polarisation and boosted the country by 17 places. Yet some subjects remain taboo, such as the financial monopolies in the hands of leading political figures.
In Europe, Georgia (69th, up 15) continued to rise for the third year running and is now close to where it was before the 2008 war. It is enjoying the fruits of reforms undertaken after a change of government through elections, but it continued to be handicapped by the extreme polarization of its news media.
In 86th place, Ivory Coast (up 15 places) continued to emerge from the political and social crisis that plunged the country into full-scale civil war in 2010. The results are still mixed in a country where the broadcasting sector is expected to be opened up in 2015, although there are some fears that this might usher in institutional censorship.
Nepal (105th) was up 15 places thanks to a drop in violence by the security forces against journalists, especially at demonstrations. This improvement remains to be confirmed in 2015.
Tunisia (126th) rose seven places, a relative increase although in absolute terms the country stagnated. However, the fact remains that political stabilisation in 2014 had benefits for news and information. On the other hand, the number of attacks on journalists remains too high and the implementation of measures to ensure freedom of information has been long in coming.
A cause for satisfaction was Brazil (99th, up 12 places), which rose above the symbolic 100 mark thanks to a less violent year in which two journalists were killed compared with five in the previous year.
Still in the Americas, Mexico (148th) managed to pull itself up four places. In November, which is not included in the 2015 Index, journalists were attacked during demonstrations about the disappearance of 43 trainee teachers in thesouthwestern state of Guerrero. Reporters Without Borders recorded three cases in Mexico of journalists killed as a direct result of their work, compared with two in 2013.
2015 Index: Reasons for the worrying decline
Conflicts proliferated in 2014: the Middle East, Ukraine, Syria and Iraq… All warring parties without exception waged a fearsome information war. The media, used for propaganda purposes or starved of information, became strategic targets and were attacked, or even silenced.
See the analysis: “News control - powerful weapon of war”
Non-state groups follow no laws and disregard basic rights in pursuit of their own ends. From Boko Haram to Islamic State, Latin American drug traffickers and the Italian mafia, motives may vary but their modus operandi is the same – the use of fear and reprisals to silence journalists and bloggers who dare to investigate them or refuse to act as their mouthpieces.
See the analysis: “Non-state groups: tyrants of information”
Stretching sacrilege prohibitions in order to protect a political system is an extremely effective way of censuring criticism of the government in countries where religion shapes the law. The criminalization of blasphemy endangers freedom of information in around half of the world's countries. When “believers” think the courts are not doing enough to ensure respect for God or the Prophet, they sometimes take it upon themselves to remind journalists and bloggers what they may or may not say.
See the analysis: “Blasphemy: political use of religious censorship”
Can journalists be seen as the common enemy of protesters and police alike at some demonstrations? This is the sad conclusion of Reporters Without Borders this year. 2014 saw an increase in violence towards reporters and netizens covering demonstrations.
See the analysis: “The growing difficulty of covering demonstrations”
The European Unions recorded a bigger decline in 2015 than in the 2014 Index, exposing the limits of its “democratic model” and highlighting the inability of its mechanisms to halt the erosion. The EU appears to be swamped by a certain desire on the part of some member states to compromise on freedom of information. As a result, the gaps between members are widening – EU countries are ranked from 1st to 106th in the Index, an unprecedented spread.
See the analysis: “European model's erosion”
Democracies often take liberties with their values in the name of national security. Faced with real or spurious threats, governments arm themselves routinely with an entire arsenal of laws aimed at muzzling independent voices. This phenomenon is common to both authoritarian governments and democracies.
See the analysis: “National security” – spurious grounds”
These authoritarian governments are in Eastern Europe, Africa, Asia and also the Middle East. Most are headed by cartoon characters come to life who would be a laughed at if they did not exercise total control over news and information. In 2014 they further tightened the grip they have had on the media for many years. Among the lowest-ranking 20 countries in the 2015 Index, 15 performed even worse than they did in the 2014 edition.
See the analysis: “Regimes seeking ever more information control”
Artist and activist Shepard Fairey, who designed the iconic “Hope” poster during then-Sen. Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE's 2008 presidential campaign, is backing Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE.
“I'm supporting Bernie Sanders because I want to push principles, not personalities,” Fairey said in a video released by the Sanders campaign on Wednesday evening.
Acclaimed artist and activist Shepard Fairey has a new design in the Bernie Store: https://t.co/TeOfYwtwWohttps://t.co/i9RIoz9AsO — Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) February 18, 2016
“I'm tired of portraits,” they continued. “I want to make images about people of substance, about the issues they care about.”
The Sanders campaign also released a new T-shirt designed by Fairey with an artistic rendering of Sanders's “Feel the Bern” slogan and a call for a “political revolution.”
Shepard also said in a statement accompanying the T-shirt that Sanders is the candidate running for president who “embodies the principles of justice, equality, liberty and access to the American dream.”
“Bernie needs help from people like you and me and I think he'll look out for the needs of people like you and me,” they added. “Pick up a T-shirt and help support Bernie Sanders!”
In response to the endorsement, Clinton campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon pointed to Sanders's criticism of Obama and said the Vermont senator is doing a “poor man's imitation” of the 2008 campaign.
“Diss Obama by day, do poor man's imitation of 2008 campaign by night,” they said in a tweet.
Summary:
Full Answer:
Assuming a door in Whiterun is 8' tall and an Altmer is 6'5'', the following dimensions for Skyrim were found:The method for finding these, a couple of different ways, and some other estimates for upper/lower limits appear below.I was surprised to find that I couldn't easily locate an official answer to this, or even a generally agreed upon figure. As such, I decided to have a go at answering it myself. The estimate I ended up with is quite rough, but I'm fairly pleased with the answer.To make an estimate, a scale needs to be established. There are no definitely known sizes for things in Skyrim, even the people, but we can make sensible estimates on some objects and work from there. I began with. This doorway looks to be somewhat taller than most, and the tallest standard door size is. To do a sanity check, make sure that was reasonable, I took an estimate to see how tall that would make my character;; as my character is an Altmer, tallest of the races, that doesn't seem too unreasonable.From there, I looked at the Bannered Mare as a whole, using the now known height of the door to make two more measurements, which I have labled A and B:Distance, and. But the Bannered Mare is far too small to be seen on a map of the overworld, so I needed another step. I timed how long it took my character to run the distance of A and B. By using the two different measurements, I hoped to minimise the prospects for error.. Those both agree thatArmed with this knowledge, I timed my character running a longer distance, outside of the walls of Whiterun, such that the distance would be visible on a full map of Skyrim. The distance I chose was between the crossroads and t-junction shown below:The time it took to run that distance was 42.0 seconds, telling me that. Now, with a full map of Skyrim, that gives me a basis for measurement.The best full map of Skyrim I could find was the following, which I marked with the basic measurements:Using a larger version of this map (to make accurate measurements easier), I found the following measurements:It's worth pointing out that the area wasn't calculated from the width times the height, due to the irregular shape of the land. Instead, I broke up the area into a few approximate rectangles and took the measurements from those.This estimate, due to the methods used, is obviously probably not totally accurate. If my initial estimate about the door is too far off, it could make it completely wrong, in fact. The sizes do seem rather small, but they do line up reasonably with my experiences of in game travel times. If anyone could suggest a better method, I would be interested, however.After's comment, I did another set of measurements that eliminated the need for measuring time, and did the measurements entirely in the overworld, comparing distances. Hopefully this will decrease room for error, and avoid any potential problems with different scaling inside and outside of cities, which they helpfully pointed out were the weakest aspects of my first estimation.First, I found a structure that would be easy to measure both in the game itself and in the in-game map, opting for as large as possible to make the map measurement easier. For this purpose, I selected part of the Whiterun outer wall, with this particular section being straight and easily visible on the map.To determine the sizes of this piece of wall, I used the fact that my character's height was known from the measurement of the first door, at around 6'5'' or 195 cm:This gave meMoving back away from the gate, I could then see the entirety of my selected section of wall, and use the known 4 metres to make a judgement on its length:. Comparing this to the overworld map, then, allowed to me once again get an estimate for distance C, the distance between the cross-roads and t-junction:The new measurement for. This is just 5 metres different from my first estimate (around 2%), which is quite reassuring, as it would suggest that neither method is likely too wrong (though both are still based on the 8' door assumption). This difference of five metres doesn't make too much difference to the overall distances of Skyrim, though there is obviously some change and the area (being a multiple of two distances) is affected more noticeably. From this estimate, I find the sizes of Skyrim to be:While it is likely this method of estimation is more accurate than my first attempt, I think both are still worth considering, so I have left my original estimation untouched. Again, if anyone has suggestions about other ways you could go about this, or improve the measurements, I would be interested to hear them.made a good point about idealized characters and how that might make people/doors taller than they are in real life. As such, I'll provide a couple of other estimates based off of their suggestions on what upper and lower limits might be on an Altmer's height. The method used is the second one (with's suggested improvements) with the different heights substituted in at the beginning. The heights used are:This gave the following dimensions for Skyrim. First, theAnd now theSo Skyrim is almost certainly between 5 square miles and 8 square miles in size.
Image copyright BananaStock
Wales is leading the way on tackling homelessness with "more progressive" legislation than anywhere in the UK, an expert has said.
The comments come as an event to mark 50 years of work preventing homelessness is held in Cardiff.
Last year, the law in Wales changed, putting a duty on councils to prevent people losing their homes.
However Shelter Cymru said there was still a "huge amount of work" to do.
Cardiff University's School of Geography and Planning is holding a joint 50th anniversary celebration with homeless charity Shelter on Tuesday.
Housing and social policy professor Suzanne Fitzpatrick from Heriot Watt University in Edinburgh, an authority on homelessness, has praised the work being done in Wales.
Ahead of their keynote speech at the event, they told BBC News: "Wales has instituted legislation which is more progressive than that seen anywhere else in the UK.
"Wales is really at the forefront of homelessness policy development. [It] does look to be leading the way."
However they acknowledged it was still early days, following the new law last April.
"We've only had a limited amount in the way of evidence from statistics of what's happening in practice since the new legislation was passed but it does look very promising," they said.
Image copyright Andrew McNeill Image caption Images of homelessness are on exhibit to mark the anniversary at Cardiff University
"Certainly in England there's a lot of interest in different quarters including possibly in government to looking at the Welsh model with a view to drawing out what seems most appropriate and relevant to England."
Dr Peter Mackie, senior lecturer in housing at Cardiff University, said: "England is just lagging so far behind.
"It's very rare that we can say that. Wales totally outperforms England but it's something the Welsh government doesn't shout out about enough."
Shelter Cymru director John Pusey said the growth of housing services and the emphasis on trying to prevent homelessness was positive, but added: "There's still a huge amount of work to do.
"We're seeing growing numbers of people coming to us. We have still got a major problem."
While such tools are very far from being used or even tested in humans, scientists say optogenetics research is exciting because it gives them extraordinary control over specific brain circuits — and with it, new insights into an array of disorders, among them anxiety and Parkinson's disease.
Mice are very different from humans, as Dr. Deisseroth (pronounced DICE-er-roth) acknowledged. But they added that because “the mammalian brain has striking commonalities across species,” the findings might lead to a better understanding of the neural mechanisms of human anxiety.
David Barlow, founder of the Center for Anxiety and Related Disorders at Boston University, cautions against pushing the analogy too far: “I am sure the investigators would agree that these complex syndromes can't be reduced to the firing of a single small neural circuit without considering other important brain circuits, including those involved in thinking and appraisal.”
But a deeper insight is suggested by a follow-up experiment in which Dr. Deisseroth's team directed their light beam just a little more broadly, activating more pathways in the amygdala. This erased the effect entirely, leaving the mouse as skittish as ever.
This implies that current drug treatments, which are far less specific and often cause side effects, could also in part be working against themselves.
David Anderson, a professor of biology at the California Institute of Technology who also does research using optogenetics, compares the drugs' effects to a sloppy oil change. If you dump a gallon of oil over your car's engine, some of it will dribble into the right place, but a lot of it will end up doing more harm than good.
“Psychiatric disorders are probably not due only to chemical imbalances in the brain,” Dr. Anderson said. “It's more than just a giant bag of serotonin or dopamine whose concentrations sometimes are too low or too high. Rather, they likely involve disorders of specific circuits within specific brain regions.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
So optogenetics, which can focus on individual circuits with exceptional precision, may hold promise for psychiatric treatment. But Dr. Deisseroth and others caution that it will be years before these tools are used on humans, if ever.
For one, the procedure involves bioengineering that most people would think twice about. First, biologists identify an “opsin,” a protein found in photosensitive organisms like pond scum that allows them to detect light. Next, they fish out the opsin's gene and insert it into a neuron within the brain, using viruses that have been engineered to be harmless —“disposable molecular syringes,” as Dr. Anderson calls them.
There, the opsin DNA becomes part of the cell's genetic material, and the resulting opsin proteins conduct electric currents — the language of the brain — when they are exposed to light. (Some opsins, like channelrhodopsin, which responds to blue light, activate neurons; others, like halorhodopsin, activated by yellow light, silence them.)
Finally, researchers delicately thread thin optical fibers down through layers of nervous tissue and deliver light to just the right spot.
Thanks to optogenetics, neuroscientists can go beyond observing correlations between the activity of neurons and an animal's behavior; by turning particular neurons on or off at will, they can prove that those neurons actually govern the behavior.
Video
“Sometimes before I give talks, people will ask me about my ‘imaging' tools,” said Dr. Deisseroth, 39, a practicing psychiatrist whose dissatisfaction with current treatments led them to form a research laboratory in 2004 to develop and apply optogenetic technology.
“I say: ‘Interestingly, it's the complete opposite of imaging, which is observational. We're not using light to observe events. We're sending light in to cause events.' ”
In early experiments, scientists showed that they could make worms stop wiggling and drive mice around in manic circles as if by remote control.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Now that the technique has earned its stripes, laboratories around the world are using it to better understand how the nervous system works, and to study problems including chronic pain, Parkinson's disease and retinal degeneration.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Some of the insights gained from these experiments in the lab are already inching their way to the clinic.
Dr. Amit Etkin, a Stanford psychiatrist and researcher who collaborates with Dr. Deisseroth, is trying to translate the findings about anxiety in rodents to improve human therapy with existing tools. Using transcranial magnetic stimulation, a technique that is far less specific than optogenetics but has the advantage of being noninvasive, Dr. Etkin seeks to activate the human analog of the amygdala circuitry that reduced anxiety in Dr. Deisseroth's mice.
Dr. Jaimie Henderson, their colleague in the neurosurgery department, has treated more than 600 Parkinson's patients using a standard procedure called deep brain stimulation. The treatment, which requires implanting metal electrodes in a brain region called the subthalamic nucleus, improves coordination and fine motor control. But it also causes side effects, like involuntary muscle contractions and dizziness, perhaps because turning on electrodes deep inside the brain also activates extraneous circuits.
“If we could find a way to just activate the circuits that provide therapeutic benefit without the ones that cause side effects, that would obviously be very helpful,” Dr. Henderson said.
Moreover, as with any invasive brain surgery, implanting electrodes carries the risk of infection and life-threatening hemorrhage. What if you could stimulate the brain's surface instead? A new theory of how deep brain stimulation affects Parkinson's symptoms, based on optogenetics work in rodents, suggests that this might succeed.
Dr. Henderson has recently begun clinical tests in human patients, and hopes that this approach may also treat other problems associated with Parkinson's, like speech disorders.
In the building next door, Krishna V. Shenoy, a neuroscience researcher, is bringing optogenetics to work on primates. Extending the success of a similar effort by an M.I.T. group led by Robert Desimone and Edward S. Boyden, they recently inserted opsins into the brains of rhesus monkeys. They experienced no ill effects from the viruses or the optical fibers, and the team was able to control selected neurons using light.
Dr. Shenoy, who is part of an international effort financed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, says optogenetics has promise for new devices that could eventually help treat traumatic brain injury and equip wounded veterans with neural prostheses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Current systems can move a prosthetic arm to a cup, but without an artificial sense of touch it's very difficult to pick it up without either dropping or crushing it,” they said. “By feeding information from sensors on the prosthetic fingertips directly back into the brain using optogenetics, one could in principle provide a high-fidelity artificial sense of touch.”
Some researchers are already imagining how optogenetics-based treatments could be used directly on people if the biomedical challenge of safely delivering novel genes to patients can be overcome.
Dr. Boyden, who participated in the early development of optogenetics, runs a laboratory dedicated to creating and disseminating ever more powerful tools. They pointed out that light, unlike drugs and electrodes, can switch neurons off — or as they put it, “shut an entire circuit down.” And shutting down overexcitable circuits is just what you'd want to do to an epileptic brain.
“If you want to turn off a brain circuit and the alternative is surgical removal of a brain region, optical fiber implants might seem preferable,” Dr. Boyden said. Several labs are working on the problem, even if actual applications still seem far off.
For Dr. Deisseroth, who treats patients with autism and depression, optogenetics offers a more immediate promise: easing the stigma faced by people with mental illness, whose appearance of physical health can cause incomprehension from family members, friends and doctors.
“Just understanding for us, as a society, that someone who has anxiety has a known or knowable circuitry difference is incredibly valuable,” they said.
A highway to Hyderabad was dug up in search of a Shiva Linga, after a local resident had a dream.
Two events in the Telugu-speaking states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana last evening perhaps best encapsulate the India story. Space agency ISRO created history by launching India's most muscular rocket GSLV MK III. Around the same time, a highway near Hyderabad was found thoroughly dug up in search of a Shiva Linga, which someone dreamed should be found 10 feet underground.The spot was at Jangaon, about 80 km from Hyderabad. Traffic jams at least a kilometer long could be seen on both sides of the National Highway 163, which connects Warangal to Hyderabad. At the middle of it was a 15 feet by 8 feet hole - methodically dug up with a huge JCB excavator machine.Locals said the project was undertaken on the long-standing demand of a resident, Manoj, who had a dream that a Shiva Linga would be found at the spot. Every time they reached that section of tarred road, they would go into a trance, rolling and shaking uncontrollably.For the last three years, they wanted to dig and find the statue on Shiva Ratri, a day dedicated to Lord Shiva, but could not mobilise support. They took to performing puja by the side of the highway every Monday.In the end, they managed to convince the villagers, local political leaders and even the local sarpanch and JCB machines were hired to undertake the community exercise.The Shiva Linga, though, proved elusive. While it was meant to be found at a depth of 10 feet, the searchers drew a blank even after digging 15 feet.An exasperated local police officer who wanted the operation called off, ssuspected Manoj was leading them all up the garden path. "First they said 10 feet. They dug over 15 feet. Now they say 2 more feet. At this rate, we will have a well in the middle of the road,'' they said. As traffic piled up on both sides, the police took away Manoj and the local leader who had collaborated in the effort. Clarifying the highway was not damaged, Srinivas, a police inspector of Jangaon, said a case of illegal digging has been registered, though no one has been named in the First Information Report.
Yesterday evening, I received a letter directing my attention to a women's organization in Canada (called REAL Women of Canada, formally established in 1983), that presently seeks to undermine a private member's bill. The bill proposes changing the Canadian Human Rights Act, such that discrimination against trans* people will be considered a human rights violation; and changing the Criminal Code of Canada, such that aggravated assault, battery, or murder perpetrated against a trans* person will be considered a hate crime. Once again, for clarity, RWoC finds this proposal troubling and vehemently oppose it. You can even read RWoC's brief in PDF format (if your stomach can handle it by the end of this writing). But first! Why do they call themselves REAL?!
Our name defines our aim. The word REAL is an acronym which means Realistic, Equal, Active, for Life. (from their website)
I advise strongly against giving that website too much traffic (or any at all, really). That's how they make money, and then they use it to promote a barely repackaged vision of the ideal family that harkens back to 1950. It's also pretty clear that for females who aren't busy popping out babies, you're not a real woman whose needs should be heard by the government (think that “for Life” part is just a coincidence? Think again.) It might be advisable to have a barf bag handy for the rest of this post, which deals with the brief they published on why they think Bill C-279 shouldn't be allowed to pass.
Evidently, the primary trouble RWoC identifies is the definition of terms like “gender identity”, “gender expression”, and “transgender”. In their infinite wisdom, RWoC declares that these terms are neither defined explicitly in the language of the bill nor used in common language (i.e., defined intuitively), and thus threaten to radically destabilize the entire structure of society if they are given protected status. RWoC claims that the stuff that binds society together is the hyper-heteronormative nuclear family, and they advance no argument to support this claim at all. Anywhere. But RWoC also claims (without any supporting evidence) that pedophiles and their interests in sexually exploiting and abusing children are part of the ever-expanding fight for LGBTQ equality:
Beyond special rights, many demand “recognition and acceptance.” These and further categories would fall under the umbrella of “gender identity” and “gender expression” and this includes paedophilia as paedophilia activists are already agitating for recognition, demanding that their sexual orientation be legally and socially accepted. (emphasis added)
First, about that “special rights”… Thing. Last time I checked, the phrase “special rights” meant that you already have the same rights as everyone else, but still seek unique status that affords you exemptions of some sort and relative freedom from restrictions. For instance, when a pro-life extremist enters an abortion clinic with an unwanted pregnancy and demands their own waiting room, a different standard for confidentiality (such as the use of a pseudonym or no chart notes at all), or to be allowed to enter and exit the building through a private entrance so that they won't risk being exposed to the ridicule and shaming their peers subject all other clients of the same clinic to. That's “special rights”, and they are generally denied. When they are denied, the abortion clinic staff (and everyone else in the waiting room) are often faced with an extremely hostile person reacting towards this standardized care with an abusive disposition, and this sometimes (but not always) results in denial of services. This person has no standing for demanding their “special rights”, and that is why they are called “special”.
Being recognized and accepted as the person I am, however, is not a “special right”. You either recognize and accept me — that I am a person and I have the right to freely determine who I am — or you are treating me as though I am not equally entitled to self-determination and personhood as you are, and are thus perpetrating an abuse against me. But unlike someone demanding “special rights”, I will simply walk away, as I have already had to walk away from all my blood relations (in part because of a lack of acceptance and recognition, and in part because of horrendous sexual, physical, emotional, and spiritual abuse, which is also denied). The right to self-determination and personhood are not “special”. They are basic human rights. The reason why these rights don't protect pedophiles' proclivities towards children is because their victims have those inalienable rights too. My right to self-determination does not impede upon anyone else's rights.
But apparently all that wasn't enough, though, because RWoC finds it necessary to define gender as something that is determined entirely by one's chromosomal sex (again, without any evidence in support of this claim at all — perhaps because there isn't any), and to define intersex conditions as narrowly as possible; in that, though there are intersex conditions that only manifest at gonadarche, according to RWoC, these aren't real intersex conditions because they weren't evident from birth. RWoC then defines transsexuality as “rare” without any further qualifiers (see: minority), and claims that despite a number of problems in researching transsexuality in longitudinal studies, it's totally explicitly clear that sex reassignment does nothing to improve the quality of life of the person who requests it. This couldn't possibly be due to, say, the fact that it's totally legit to treat a trans* person as disposable, because due to their gender status, that's not considered a hate crime and they aren't even legally considered a person. Or that trans* people are routinely discriminated against everywhere, and it's not considered a human rights violation, to say, compare them to pedophiles instead of accepting their identities as valid, or leave them in the streets to die from hypothermia in the middle of winter instead of letting them into a homeless shelter.
Further along in the brief, after RWoC claims that protecting trans* people from discrimination and hate crimes would somehow disadvantage them even further, they added this little gem:
Since the term “gender identity” and “gender expression” are undefined, they apply to anyone who “thinks” they or they are another sex, whether or not he/she has had hormonal treatments or surgery. This allows such individuals to use the washrooms of the opposite sex with impunity. This places females and children at a strong disadvantage and possible risk. Since child predators will be able to use cross-dressing as a pretense to gain access to children in public washrooms. This conclusion is based on two cases in British Columbia, as outlined in Appendix B.
Follow this with a complaint about how taxpayers have to pay for transition (but I thought this was “rare”, so wouldn't the expense be virtually unnoticeable?), and some more nonsense that is primarily focused on how dangerous it is to be transgendered in a prison — O RLY? You think maybe it's dangerous outside the prison too? And how is claiming that transgendered individuals are sometimes just pedophiles pretending to be transgendered helping those who would be at risk of harassment and beating? How is interfering with a proposed change to the Canadian Human Rights Code and the Criminal Code of Canada, that would criminalize discrimination against these individuals and subject violent perpetrators to harsher sentences for violating these individuals' rights, going to help reduce their risks?
But back to the scare quotes around the word thinks. Speaking only for myself here, I find this not only completely redundant, but profoundly ignorant as well. I don't just think I was born in the wrong body. It's not just some idea I'm toying with, like whether or not to shave my head completely clean bald for the second time even though it's the middle of winter and I've already been growing my hair for nearly a full year. I inject a sufficient dose of testosterone every week in alternating locations, that I've been experiencing a very gradual but permanent change in my physiology. I've changed my name and permanently terminated contact with people who insist on calling me by the name I was assigned at birth. I have felt compelled to pursue surgical removal of my reproductive organs once I was finally forced to resign to the fact that they are there, they work, and they are going to stay unless I can access medical treatment for my dysphoria. But even before all this, I tried numerous times and in numerous ways to end my life, because I couldn't go on living the life I was assigned when I was born female. Transsexuality isn't something one just toys around with.
And about that “wrong bathroom” use without impunity thing. Before I started testosterone, I watched one of my chosen family act in a play at their school. During intermission, I went to the bathroom. While drying my hands, a woman came out of a stall and did a full-blown double-take at me, because they couldn't determine my gender from a quick glance. I took a trip to Portland later that year, and after pounding back multiple rounds of Jägermeister in a tiny and dimly lit hipster bar with just a couple dozen people present, I went to use the “correct” washroom, but it was already in use. So I went into the “wrong” one. My ass hadn't even touched the seat, and someone was already hammering on the door and announcing to the entire bar that “There's a girl in the guy's washroom!” This was neither a large washroom, nor was it really even a men's washroom. It was a standard toilet and single sink in an 8-square-foot room covered from floor to ceiling in graffiti. I can't even form an adequate gesture of how invasive this behaviour was, let alone how alarmed I felt as I silently panicked about someone bursting into that tiny room to drag me back out, beat me, or worse. When it didn't happen, I panicked about what would happen when I open the door to emerge. And a few months ago, I used the “wrong” bathroom (the meaning of which has changed since testosterone — now all bathrooms are the wrong one), and started to panic when an out. binary-identifying trans* person said “Jamie, you're using the “wrong” bathroom.” I couldn't tell if they were serious or joking. Then there's the time anti-abortion extremists stalked me for a block and followed me into the washroom in a restaurant (I thank my lucky stars they went into the “wrong” one looking for me). The point here is that no one has impunity for using the “wrong” bathroom. Rigid social norms and extremely unsettling people with unchecked control issues make damn sure of that.
And one more thing: child predators in the bathroom? Well, if RWoC is so concerned for the safety of children and so clearly alarmed about pedophiles walking about freely in public, as we all should be (within reason), have they not realized that most pedophiles prey upon their own family members? And if they don't have access to their young relatives, they make a point of getting jobs that gives them access to and authority over children. Such as baseball coaching, or priesthood. The two cases they cite concerning pedophiles preying upon children in public washrooms don't even concern either children or pedophiles. One of the incidents they cited happened in a nightclub, and the other involved a woman who had been assigned a male sex at birth and successfully completed transition to the opposite sex years prior to the event cited — which concerned a rape counselling service. RWoC concludes their entire brief by calling transsexuality a state of “mental confusion” and demanding that access to all forms of gender transition and sex reassignment be strictly prohibited.
I might be laughing at this if it wasn't so egregiously offensive. I might not even take it seriously if they weren't explicitly “pro-life”, and therefore representatives of yet another well-funded arm of a Catholic campaign to undermine women's rights in Canada (and apparently the rights of gays, lesbians, bisexuals, queers, and trans* people as well, who according to RWoC, are all complicit with pedophilia and not worthy of human dignity). As far as I'm concerned, any group that seeks to take away women's rights, or define the parameters of who qualifies as a “real” woman as narrowly as possible, is a hate group targeting women and anyone not considered “woman enough”. These hate groups represent the biggest threat when they aren't taken seriously enough. Just ask Savita Halappanavar's husband, family, and their international community of supporters.
Even better yet, ask CeCe McDonald: currently serving a prison sentence for successfully defending their life when an attempt was made on it because she's trans*.
Stand up. Speak out. Fight back. It's time.
Follow Jamie on Twitter!
The parents of 19-month old Ezekiel Stephan are now on trial for failing to provide the necessaries of life after their son died of bacterial meningitis in 2012.
David Stephan, 32, and their wife Collet Stephan, 35, who have pleaded not guilty, are accused of allowing their meningitis-infected toddler to die four years ago after they tried home remedies and naturopathy.
The Crown told court the couple loved their son and are not accused of ignoring or killing him, but argues they should have sought medical help sooner.
The case has prompted former naturopathic doctor Britt Marie Hermes to call for an immediate block on naturopathic pediatrics by governments.
The full interview is available in the audio player above. The following portions have been edited for clarity and length.
Former naturopathic doctor, Britt Marie Hermes, left the profession after they say they realized they were trained in a pseudoscience. ((Provided by Britt Marie Hermes))
Why should pediatric naturopathy be blocked?
When governments license naturopaths to practice, it is in a sense a government endorsement. It's dangerous because there is a lot of rhetoric around the naturopathic education and training where naturopaths are claiming they receive the same medical education as medical doctors or doctors of osteopathy. In reality, naturopaths are not trained in the same way and they're being thrust out to practise as primary care doctors without the sufficient training to recognize dangerous diseases as bacterial meningitis.
You actually did a pediatric specialty as a naturopath - what did it entail?
My training entailed seeing patients for about 25 hours per week and most of my patients were children, but not all. For a naturopath to claim they have received a pediatric residency training, about 65% of their patient load needs to be children under the age of 18. But the training is nondescript and non specific. So unlike a medical doctor, where the training is regulated and the hospitals and universities ensure the doctors are seeing children with specific conditions, my pediatric training just involved seeing any child that walked through the door.
You want the entire field of naturopathy to be regulated. What do you want to see?
I'd like to see naturopaths not be allowed to use the term 'doctor' or 'physician.' The naturopathic universities in Canada and the U.S. are not regulated or endorsed by regular medical universities. They have their own separate accreditation system and so they really are operating outside the medical education system and in a way that eschews external criticism. This is specifically because naturopathic modalities and practices include non-standard medical therapies, and frankly, include dangerous therapies - therapies that have no absolutely no medicinal value whatsoever and no evidence or safety to support their use in clinical practice.
What drew you to being a naturopath in the first place?
I think like most people who are drawn to naturopathy, I had a bad experience with medical doctors. I was diagnosed with psoriasis as a teenager — an auto-immune and chronic condition — and I went and saw a dermatologist knowing that the treatment would be immunomodulators and steroids because my mum has this disease. After watching their struggle for years, I went to the dermatologist hoping for a different experience. I had many questions for him. I was asking them about diet or any other therapy that would improve my quality of life, and they didn't know anything. They were rushed, they handed me a prescription and walked out the door. I was distraught and I was looking for something more than a prescription in that moment.
What drove you away [from naturopathy]?
It all came crashing down for me when I started to really look critically and skeptically at what I was doing as a naturopath. In truth, I had used homeopathic medications on patients knowing that this may or may not work. Finding out that there was absolutely no scientific evidence to support the use of homeopathy was really an important light bulb moment for me. It was a really emotional and difficult decision, and along with this decision came the loss of being a doctor, which I thought I was. To come to the realization that not only was I inadequately trained, but that I had been trained in a bunch of pseudoscience was really hard to take, and depressing at times.
People are obviously seeking an alternative. Is there a lesson to be learned for medical practitioners?
Definitely. For the most part doctors assume that the patient is looking for a prescription to walk out that door with, and I needed a prescription, but I wasn't looking for a prescription. I was just looking for some sympathy or some empathy — I was a 16-year-old girl with psoriasis all over my body and my first concern was how am I going to wear shorts? I just needed them to take a moment with me, and tell me that they were going to work with me to help make it ok. I think that would have been enough.
How optimistic are you that people are going to think twice about the things they think hold true about naturopathy?
I have some optimism because naturopaths are not trained as real medical providers. The tricky piece is that when someone is pursuing naturopathic care under the assumption that their naturopath is medically qualified then they are making a choice that is not based on informed consent — they're walking into the naturopath's office thinking that there is an alternative remedy then this naturopath will know, but if they need to take real medication this naturopath will know too, and that's not true.
Click the blue 'play' button to hear Britt Marie Hermes' conversation with Jim Brown.
A worker at a Canadian pharmacy accidentally gave out out bipolar medication to trick-or-treaters instead of candy, according to a report.
The mix-up unfolded after a woman unknowingly dropped their 17-year-old son's prescription drugs while on their way out of a Beauport pharmacy.
Another customer picked up the medication — Quetiapine and Divalproex sodium, both of which are used to treat schizophrenia and other psychological disorders — and placed it dangerously close to the candy basket on the counter.
“So – unfortunately – we don't know how – an employee just mixed it with the candy by accident and distributed it to the kids,” a Quebec City police spokesperson told the Daily Star.
Seven individually wrapped pills were dropped into candy baskets throughout the night.
Police assured parents that the medications were not dangerous — despite side effects that include suicidal thoughts, tremors and nausea.
There's a brief scene in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket in which the new recruits, led by Gunnery Sgt. Hartman, chant in unison, "This is my rifle, this is my gun. This is for fighting, this is for fun." On the words "gun" and "fun" the privates grab their, well, privates, letting the audience know that there's a Marine-Corp-specific semantic distinction between the words "rifle" and "gun."
Unfortunately, too many pro-gun American men don't know the difference and this is a central problem in the process of redefining the purpose and availability of firearms in America. Men, whether intentional or not, tend to confuse their guns for their penises. The bigger the gun/penis, the more masculine they are. Guns have become penis extensions, if not penis substitutes, and the phallic similarities are obvious.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Consequently, our gun culture too often blurs the line between masculinity and firearms, even among people who ought to know better. If you own, hunt, shoot, or generally fetishize firearms, it's considered to be synonymous with being a tough, virile guy. Likewise, if you're opposed to guns or, dare I say, afraid of guns, you're considered girlish or -- heaven forbid -- gay. From a very early age, men are taught that guns are a manly-man guy thing. Hunting and shooting are manly activities, we're told, and any dude who's packing heat is a total badass because guns are badass. (Killing animals for pure sport is another issue for another day.)
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
That's exactly why politicians often stage photo-ops in which they're trucked off to a gray field somewhere in garishly-colored regalia pretending to shoot at something that lacks the brain stem and opposable thumbs to shoot back. I'm old enough to remember John Kerry's photo-op in 2004, which, next to their windsurfing photo, was nothing less than another Dukakis-in-a-tank photo. In fact, there's another one: Dukakis in a tank. Good Lord. They went all out on that one. Their staffers thought of the biggest, heaviest metallic penis they could find and plunked Dukakis inside of it wearing a helmet that actually made them look like a penis. Of course, their intentions were good and, at the time, Republicans had falsely tagged Democrats as being soft on the military. But Kerry didn't need to go hunting because they were a decorated and thrice-wounded Vietnam veteran. They did their duty with a firearm in Southest Asia, unlike badass chickenhawk Dick Cheney or badass chickenhawk Rush Limbaugh or badass chickenhawk Ted Nugent. Leave it to the Bush era Republicans, led mainly by guys who dodged the draft, to accuse a war veteran, Silver Star and Purple Heart recipient, of being effete, "French" and unpatriotic, to a point when that veteran had to go out and pretend to hunt in order to make themselves seem tougher. (Every time I recall that era, I can't help but to think how badly all of America was in the throes of a totally batshit nervous breakdown.)
And you know what? At the end of the day, conservatives who were inclined to believe Kerry was kind of gay (the ultimate message of Karl Rove's campaign against him) didn't think they were any less gay because they went hunting. In fact, they thought they were cartoonish and awkward. And still kind of gay.
Which leads us to this past weekend when President Obama stepped into a similar trap. In an interview with The New Republic, there was this exchange:
FF: Have you ever fired a gun? Yes, in fact, up at Camp David, we do skeet shooting all the time. FF: The whole family? Not the girls, but oftentimes guests of mine go up there.
And then they segued into a thing about respecting the traditions of hunting. Obviously the skeet shooting remark was a pander to gun owners but, like Kerry and Dukakis, gun people thought it was fake and weak. Hell, I'm as anti-gun as they come and I thought it sounded weird. It's like saying, "I respect rock music. I sometimes listen to Nickelback on my Bose Wave Radio when I'm playing tennis at the country club."
Naturally, though, the far-right had a blast with it today. Drudge and Breitbart.com posted photos of the president shooting a water gun at a backyard pool, and the general right-wing reaction was that they were lying. Plus, they suggested, is skeet shooting supposed to make them seem more pro-gun when he's clearly plotting to take their guns away? On one hand, there's the president saying they occasionally shoot skeet at Camp David. On the other hand, there's this rampant myth that the president is a tyrannical overlord who's going to seize everyone's firearms just before declaring themselves to be the new Soviet Premier. The latter is way more powerful than the former, and so the skeet shooting thing seems a little silly to gun people who don't view the Second Amendment as protecting hunters or sportsmen; it's about self-defense against the government. (It's not about that, but that's what they say.)
Yes, I realize there are responsible gun owners in the middle who have one or two firearms for hunting or sport. The president addressed those people by saying, "And I have a profound respect for the traditions of hunting that trace back in this country for generations. And I think those who dismiss that out of hand make a big mistake."
"Profound" is a little much, but that's fine. They can win some support from moderate gun-owners with this kind of talk, but there's simply no need to toss in the look-at-me-I'm-shooting-stuff-with-a-gun imagery.
We simply have to get beyond this expectation that the phallical over-compensatory gun fetishists need to be appeased and won over with stunts and pandering. In fact, the masculine equivalence of guns and gun ownership needs to be phased out, which is to say manhood and firearms must be divorced from each other if we're going to get beyond the deadly gun culture. Guns should eventually be regarded as nothing more than a tool -- stripped of mystique and Freudian symbolism -- for people who need to hunt their own food or to defend themselves in law-enforcement or military situations. Nothing more.
It's not going to be a quick or easy task. But the anti-tobacco people accomplished amazing things in just two decades, marginalizing the "coolness" of smoking and turning smokers into societal refugees. The same can be done with firearms. The first step is making it clear that a rifle isn't a "gun" (in the Sgt. Hartman sense), and if you have a small penis, no firearm will ever make it bigger, Mr. Nugent.
WHEN faced with a free hit, modern batsmen are presented with a number of creative options.
Do they play a ramp shot, or try to hit down the ground? Reverse sweep or slog sweep?
One dilemma that doesn't usually play out in a batsman's head when they have a free swing is this: to block, or not to block?
India superstar Virat Kohli appeared to get caught up in this conundrum during their side's one-dayer against Bangladesh on Sunday night.
After Bangladesh bowler Taskin Ahmed overstepped and was called for a no-ball, Kohli was presented with a golden opportunity to boost their team's run rate early in the innings, as the punishment for a no-ball in one-day cricket is a free hit for the batsman the following ball.
MATCH REPORT: DHONI'S NEMESIS DESTROYS INDIA AGAIN
Virat Kohli walks back to the pavilion after their dismissal by Bangladesh's Nasir Hossain. Source: AP
This means the batsman can only be dismissed by being run out, and consequently usually tries to score as many runs as possible off the delivery.
Not so Kohli, who took a strangely conservative approach by simply pushing the ball to the off side for a dot ball.
It left the commentators and fans stumped, but Bangladesh delighted. Perhaps Kohli was just trying to get their eye in, but a more likely answer is that they simply forgot it was a free hit.
Kohli was eventually dismissed for 23 as India was rolled for just 200, before Bangladesh romped to a comfortable six-wicket win to seal the series.
A closed-door meeting between Vice President-elect Mike Pence and GOP members of the House of Representatives concluded with the whitest selfie ever (at least since the last GOP selfie).
Mike Pence, naturally, was in control of the selfie stick when they snapped this shot of the predominantly white, mostly male group of legislators.
Lucky for us, though, there's an alternate angle of Pence taking the selfie so that we can see just how the selfie sausage got made.
For reference's sake, prior to this election, the GOP held 247 seats; of those, 10 are held by Hispanic Americans (roughly 4 percent), one identifies as Asian/Pacific Islander (roughly 0.4 percent), and two (Mia Love of Utah and Will Hurd of Texas) are African-American (0.8 percent). Twenty three of the 88 women in the House are GOP members (making up 9.3 percent of the GOP members).
By comparison, Democrats, who hold 188 seats, have 26 Hispanic members (10.5 percent), 10 Asian/Pacific Islander members (5.3 percent), and 43 African-American members (roughly 23 percent). The Dems also have 65 women members (34.5 percent)
It didn't escape the notice of Twitter users, either.
@HouseGOP had to cram all the women up front to make it look like diversity, huh? — Queen ofthe Universe (@QofTU) November 17, 2016
It's not the first time in 2016 that the GOP has posted a conspicuously white selfie involving House Speaker Paul Ryan. In July, the party demonstrated the lack of diversity within its Capitol Hill intern program with this selfie posted by Ryan.
I think this sets a record for the most number of #CapitolHill interns in a single selfie. #SpeakerSelfie. A photo posted by Speaker Paul Ryan (@speakerryan) on Jul 16, 2016 at 11:12am PDT
Internet photoshop wizard @darth had no trouble, though, altering Pence's selfie to something slightly more terrifying.
QPR'S Academy has been recommended for Category Two status following an extensive, independent audit process earlier this year.
This fantastic achievement means the club will be in a stronger position to attract new young players, as well as competing against better opposition week in, week out.
“We are delighted,” QPR's Head of Academy Richard Allen told www.qpr.co.uk.
“We have come a long way in a short period of time. We have a whole structure in place now from sports science and medicine to education and welfare.
“This makes us much more competitive. The fact that we're Category Two and with Warren Farm not far away, it's a big draw.”
Following the recent introduction of the Elite Player Performance Plan (EPPP), Premier League and Football League academies have been categorised as part of the Professional Development League system.
With Categories ranging from one to four, QPR have made massive strides to be recommended for Category Two status and Allen is excited about what the future holds.
“Now we want to push on with the main job, which is developing players,” they said. “Ultimately that's what it's about and EPPP is great because it gives us direction, structure and focus.”
Allen and their team have been supported throughout the process by QPR's Board, who have made no secret of the importance they have placed on developing home-grown talent.
Shareholder Ruben Gnanalingam told www.qpr.co.uk: “This is brilliant news for the club and everyone within the Academy deserves a lot of credit for this achievement.
“The guys did a great job this season to win the Category Two division, and it was very important that we were in a position for them to compete in this academy league again.
“We know how much it means to the QPR supporters to see a player come through the youth system and play for the first team. We share that passion and, like the fans, we had a great feeling of pride when Michael Harriman did so well at Liverpool on the last day of the season.
“We want more moments of pride like that and attaining Category Two status will help us to achieve them.
“I want to congratulate all the Academy coaches and staff, as well as our young players and their parents. They have all played a crucial role in what is a major step for us.”
Allen added: “The Board's support has been fantastic. I have had the opportunity to spend time with Tony Fernandes and Ruben especially, and they are fully committed to the Academy. They understand the importance of it and I have been delighted by their support.”
The ultimate aim moving forward is to be awarded Category One status, and Allen is already working towards that target.
“By the time we get into Warren Farm we want to be in a position where we can apply for Category One status because the facilities there will be second-to-none,” they said.
DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria views a U.S. decision to halt CIA support to rebel groups fighting to topple President Bashar al-Assad as a “start” toward ending the six-year conflict, a government minister told Reuters.
Syria's Minister of National Reconciliation Affairs Ali Haidar gestures as they speak during an interview with Reuters in their office in Damascus, Syria, July 24, 2017. Picture taken July 24, 2017. REUTERS/ Omar Sanadiki
“All these steps are the start to solving the Syrian crisis, and without that there is no solution,” national reconciliation minister Ali Haidar said in an interview.
But speaking generally about the conflict, they said what was really needed was for foreign states to completely seal off borders across which arms and fighters have flowed throughout the war, which has killed hundreds of thousands of people.
“As long as there are areas left like open wounds, there will be no solution,” they said, without specifying which areas these were.
Haidar also said the government intended to reach more “reconciliation agreements” with insurgents in parts of Syria delineated as “de-escalation zones” under diplomatic efforts led by Russia.
Their comments reflected the government's satisfaction with U.S. President Donald Trump's decision, announced by U.S. officials last week, to end the CIA program set up in 2013 to equip and train certain vetted rebels.
The move marks a further blow to the opposition and a boost for Assad, whose position already appeared militarily unassailable. But Haidar said it was more of a U.S. admission of failure than a genuine policy shift.
“All the American attempts to fund and arm and train groups it called moderate factions ... have failed.”
The program overseen by the CIA has funnelled aid to rebels in southern and northern Syria, with support from Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates. Some of these states, notably Qatar and Turkey, are widely believed to have backed some rebels outside the CIA channel.
“DANGEROUS AND WASTEFUL”
Before assuming office in January, Trump suggested they could end support for Free Syrian Army (FSA) rebels and give priority to fighting Islamic State.
In a tweet on Tuesday, they called the CIA funding to anti-Assad Syrian rebels “massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments”. The tweet was reported by the Syrian state news agency and state-run TV.
Rebels have said the support always fell far short of what they needed to make a decisive difference in the war with Assad, who received more robust backing from their allies Russia and Iran.
Assad's military advantage has helped the government suppress pockets of opposition in western Syria, through local deals in which rebels and civilians are given the choice of evacuating or accepting state rule.
Haidar said the government intends to reach more such agreements with rebels. Russia has been working to establish de-escalation zones in the major rebel strongholds of western Syria, notably Idlib province in the northwest and the eastern Ghouta area near Damascus.
Moscow and Washington have also brokered a separate ceasefire for southwestern Syria earlier this month.
“The Syrian government and allied countries are working on many details for the ... de-escalation zones to pave the way for real reconciliations,” Haidar said.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“We will not accept anything less than that.”
Damascus describes such deals as a “workable model” that brings the country closer to peace. But the opposition decries them as a tactic of forcibly displacing people who oppose Assad after years of bombardment and siege.
Haidar denied such allegations and said many people have returned to their hometowns after local deals ended the fighting there.
OSLO, Norway – According to the plan, Norwegian journalist Halvor Tjønn was supposed to moderate a conversation between Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and their host, Prime Minister Erna Solberg, during the Oct. 18 Norwegian-Ukrainian Business Forum in Oslo.
But, while Poroshenko was rambling on, speaking 31 minutes to Solberg's 9 minutes, a member of the presidential delegation whispered to Laxmi Akkaraju, chairperson of the Norwegian-Ukrainian Chamber of Commerce. The plan had been changed.
Suddenly, Poroshenko had an urgent meeting with Norway's energy minister and Solberg also had to leave quickly.
So sorry, goodbye, gotta go, nice talking to you.
I don't know what questions that Norwegian journalist had for Poroshenko, but I hope they would have penetrated the fantasy world that Ukraine's president is living in.
I've seen Poroshenko only twice on foreign trips, once at the Norwegian-Ukrainian Business Forum, where I had the honor of moderating a panel. The other time came at the NATO Summit in Warsaw last summer.
Both times he's distinguished themselves as someone who prefers to speak, not listen or answer questions, especially when independent journalists from Ukraine or those who know the real situation are present.
But no matter.
Even without the pesky questions of journalists, Solberg put Poroshenko in their place – with a diplomatic smile and lots of sweet talk.
How did the Norwegian prime minister deliver the ultimate challenge and put-down?
They cited Poland as the example that Ukraine should emulate. That's got to hurt.
They extolled the virtues of Poland's political will to change and join the European Union and revamp its economy.
Now, they said, Poland is home of 300 Norwegian companies (compared to 60 in Ukraine).
Now, they said, Poland is a major trading partner in the shipyard industry.
Essentially, they told Poroshenko to get to work if they expect Ukraine to get more investment from Norway, one of the richest countries in the world — with nine times fewer people than Ukraine (5 million vs. 45 million people) yet four times the gross domestic product ($388 billion vs. $90+ billion).
Reform “requires stamina and taking on a long-term perspective,” Solberg told Poroshenko.
But they delivered the lecture in such a peaches-and-cream manner that it is doubtful that the self-absorbed president heard the message.
Instead, they followed them on the stage, mixing truth, propaganda and falsehoods to create the impression that they are Ukraine's leading agent of reform – rather than its chief obstructionist, as they are turning out to be in too many cases.
They started out OK, reeling off impressive and mostly accurate statistics about how far Ukraine had progressed since they became president on June 7, 2014, all the more impressive as progress came amid Russia's ongoing war.
Then they veered off into fantasyland by claiming that they are creating an independent and effective law enforcement system – police, prosecutors and judges – to Ukraine.
 They are doing nothing of the kind.
Ukraine, they said, is now “fighting against corruption” and “guaranteeing rule of law.” He's got new police force (with limited powers). He's fired all top judges and rehired 200 new ones (out of 7,500 largely corrupt ones still sitting on the bench). He's created new corruption-fighting institutions (still understaffed and subservient to the Soviet-era General Prosecutor's Office with 15,000 prosecutors).
Those corruption fighters are “arresting ministers, members of parliament, governors of the region,” Poroshenko said. “This is a demonstration of the complete independence from political pressure. We are bringing attractive results based on the principle of zero tolerance of corruption.”
Easy, easy, Mr. President.
The only minister facing charges is Yanukovych-era Justice Minister Oleksandr Lavrynovych. The only member of parliament facing charges is Radical Party lawmaker Ihor Mosiychuk. The only governor facing charges is a deputy one in Mykholaiv Oblast, Mykola Romanchuk.
“Nobody has an umbrella if you are a corruptionist,” Poroshenko said.
Nobody, perhaps, unless your name is Leonid Kuchma, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, Dmytro Firtash, Yuriy Boyko, Serhiy Lyovochkin, Ihor Kononenko, Mykola Martynenko or one of dozens of oligarchs or politicians suspected of major corruption and crimes — accusations all dutifully denied by the suspects when confronted.
Poroshenko's sound bites sound good to foreigners who know little about the scale of Ukraine's unpunished corruption, about Poroshenko's obstruction of justice through their appointments of prosecutors or about the alleged schemes of their allies in trying to use government to tap into huge cash flows.
But he's not fooling Ukrainians, who give them approval ratings ranging from 6 to 20 percent. He's not fooling hard-core investors, whose capital is bypassing Ukraine for friendlier places.  They are also not fooling journalists or Western donors and diplomats, who are increasingly giving up on him.
Poroshenko's aversion to tough questioning from independent journalists only fuels the widespread belief that they are a president who is, paradoxically, intoxicated by power and fear simultaneously.
A few weeks ago, Sen. James Lankford (OK) introduced legislation called the “Better Evaluation of Science and Technology Act,” or “BEST Act” for short. The proposal takes the scientific standards language from the recently updated Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) and applies it to the Administrative Procedures Act (which governs all federal rulemaking). Sen. Lankford claims the BEST Act would guarantee that federal agencies use the best available science to protect public health, safety, the environment, and more.
Nice sound bite, right?
In practice, though, this bill would cripple the ability of agencies like the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) to rely on scientific evidence to issue public health and safety safeguards. It's just as radical as the numerous other bills that would enable politics to trump science, making all of us more vulnerable to public health and environmental threats.
How this works in the real world
How would it do that? It's simple really. If you look at the bill language carefully, it consists of significant legal jargon and imprecise language that any lawyer worth their or their salt could use to shut down science-based decision making at federal agencies by tying up the rule-making process in endless challenges.
Let's take a look at lead. The science is clear here. There is no safe blood level of lead. According to the EPA, lead poisoning can cause slowed growth, lower IQ, behavior and learning problems, and more. In the 1970s, it became increasingly clear that lead exposure resulted in negative health effects.
Rather than accept the growing weight of this scientific evidence, the lead industry started to use manufactured counterfeit science to cast doubt on the impacts of lead exposure and the acceptable amount of lead in blood.
Now if the “BEST Act” had been the law of the land when the federal government began to regulate lead, the lead industry could have used this counterfeit science to challenge EPA regulations on the grounds of “degree of clarity” and “variability and uncertainty” (among other things), forcing the agency into endless litigation over settled science. This could have ultimately prevented the agency from limiting lead exposure, especially among vulnerable populations like children.
Likewise, the tobacco industry would have been able to cast doubt on the link between cigarettes and lung cancer.
The list goes on. Today, you can imagine the fossil fuel industry using the vague language to attack climate science as a justification for slowing down solutions that prevent global warming.
Heavy on problems, light on solutions
The ambiguity of the text should be enough to realize that this legislation is bad news for evidence-based decisionmaking. But there are several other issues with the legislation as well.
One major concern is subsection (h), which would result in an enormous resource drain for agencies at a time when budgets are decreasing. Agencies would be required to divert additional resources to make public a number of documents and information, which, as we know from our fight against the HONEST Act, costs time and money.
Another major issue is the fact that this legislation would freeze science standards the way they are right now, killing the innovation and flexibility that agencies have now to consider new forms of research in their decisionmaking. As agencies begin to regulate new technologies like autonomous vehicles, they need to have the ability to consider the most cutting-edge research out there, which might include new scientific methods and models.
More importantly for human health, as the EPA looks to implement the updated chemical safety law, it needs to have the ability to utilize the best and most up-to-date scientific and technical information without having to worry about being sued, which was the problem with the original TSCA bill. Under the original chemical safety law passed in the 1970s, the EPA could not even regulate asbestos, a known carcinogen, because industry kept suing the agency. If the BEST Act were to become law, we could expect more of the same.
A wasted opportunity
Agencies are already basing their policy decisions on the best available science. They have to. If an agency did not issue a public health protection or a worker safety standard based on strong evidence, then the agency would be challenged in court, and probably forced to vacate the regulation.
Instead of promoting legislation like the BEST Act, what Sen. Lankford could do to improve the use of science in policymaking is ensured that agencies like the EPA, CPSC, Department of Energy, and others, are well funded and have the resources necessary to fulfill their respective science-based missions.
There is no disagreement among anyone (well, almost anyone) that science has an important role to play in federal policymaking and that the decisions made by agencies to implement the Clean Air Act, the Endangered Species Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, and others, all need to be rooted in the best scientific and technical information that is available. We all want science to help ensure that our health and safety are protected, that the drugs and medical devices we use are safe and effective, that the food we eat is free of disease, that our drinking water is clean, and more.
If anything, the BEST Act would take science out of the hands of scientists, and into the hands of politicians, lawyers, and judges. Sen. Lankford's legislation is misguided and simply a solution in search of a problem. While there is always more to learn about a scientific issue, the ideas in this proposal should not be used as an excuse not to act and protect the public from public health, safety, and environmental threats.
Posted in: Science and Democracy Tags: attacks on science, the best available science, HSGAC, lead, public protections, Regulatory Reform, safeguards, secret science, TSCA
Support from UCS members make work like this possible. Will you join us? Help UCS advance independent science for a healthy environment and a safer world.
Backyard Adventureneering
Consider the bicycle. Unlike other one-dimensional sporting goods, say a ball, bat, club, or racket, the bicycle is intertwined with a cyclists' day-to-day lifestyle. On a most basic level, a bike functions as a utility – offering an efficient mode of transport whether it's to work, the grocery, or to the corner pub. Others partake in pedal pushing not simply to get from point A to B, but for the health and wellness benefits that come along with it. Children who receive a bike at a young age find their first taste of independence through mobility and the discovery of new and far-off places once deemed unaccessible by foot and parental supervision.
Perhaps this is what holds the most appeal to us about mountain biking, which takes exploration under one's own power to another level. While manicured flow trails and park laps are fun, nothing can replace the thrill of beating your own path by two wheels, even if it is the same backyard trail you've come to know like your favorite shammy or some remote, bucket-list destination.
It's in this spirit of the backyard adventure that inspired the Sky to Sea ride. The basic concept was simple – pedal our bikes as high as we can, and descend to the lake (utilizing as much singletrack as possible), where we'd hop aboard a boat and drink away the ensuing soreness. While no new trails were blazed, or far off treasures found, we'd venture to bet that we're among the first who have ever connected these particular dots; doing so, simply for the sake of doing.
Sky to Sea Shuttle Stop
The ride started aboard Park City Transit's Purple Bus allowing for us to get a quick 1,500' boost up the hill. Here we'd link up with the Mid Mountain Trail before beginning our ascent up to the top of Guardsman Pass.
Guardsman Pass
The “sky” portion of the Sky to Sea ride, elevation – 9,766′. From here, it's mostly-ish downhill.
Dead Tree Trail
Like old school, hand cut, fall-line, singletrack? Then Dead Tree is the trail for you.
Deer Crest to Spin Cycle
With the finish line in sight, we can practically hear that first crack of a beer.
Jordanelle Reservoir
Total mileage clocked in around 25 miles with a touch over 2,800′ of total elevation gain for the day. Our end elevation was 6,250′ which made for close to a 3,500′ descent, albeit with some intermittent pedaling.
Big thanks to James and Michelle for indulging me and my ideas as well as stopping to pose for photos along the way. Also, many thanks to Marine Products & Wake Utah, for sponsoring the day and providing a suitable floating vessel for our post-ride, beer drinking, recovery plan.
DETROIT -- Police are searching for two suspects after a shooting on the east side reportedly left two dead and one injured early Wednesday, June 15.
The injured victim was reportedly taken to a hospital with serious injuries. The incident occurred in the 6000 Rohns St. about three miles east of the General Motors Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly plant.
Police have not released a description of the suspects, but report they are on the look for two people, the Associated Press reports.
The two men -- only described as being in their 20s -- reportedly approached the car on foot before they fired 30 shots from two guns into the vehicle, Detroit Police Deputy Chief Renee Hall told WXYZ-TV.
Neither of the suspects is in custody as of this writing. There is no suspect description other than the estimated age.
The television station reports one of the weapons used was an AK-47, which is an assault rifle.
How do you start writing the blog post you always daydreamed about writing? The same way you live through that one experience you always daydreamed about experiencing. You just do it.
There's no preparing for long-awaited moments of profound joy. The long wait actually seems to make you less likely to be prepared for them. It gives you more time to rehearse the moment in your mind and think about how you might react—or how you think you should react. But no regimen of mental gymnastics will ever prepare you for the actual experience of that moment's arrival.
I should know. I've experienced two moments of profound joy in the last three months. Actually, within /exactly/ the last three months. On August 2, my daughter Madeline was born into this world after a nine-month wait. On November 2, the Chicago Cubs became the World Series champions after a 108-year wait.
I'm not equating the birth of my daughter to something as trivial as a sports title, I'm simply suggesting that maybe this Cubs championship isn't as trivial as other athletic feats tend to be. There's no denying the pool of profound joy into which the Second City has been willfully and unapologetically drowning itself since Bryzzo recorded the final out last night. We are witnesses to history—banishing our disbelief and blinking back tears.
But about those tears.
I knew I was going to cry when my daughter was born. As I age, my tear ducts have evidently weakened to such a point that I will weep openly at the dumbest, overly sentimental things. Throughout the pregnancy, I would become overwhelmed just thinking about the moment of their birth and the waterworks would begin. That was me tearing up in the back of the pregnancy class when they showed the birth videos.
Similarly, I assumed that my years of suffering at the hands of the Boys in Blue—and the thought of being alive to see them win it all when so many Cubs fans had lived and died empty-handed—would result in some sentiment pouring out of my eyes.
But in both cases, I was wrong. The excitement of these moments made any emotions beyond unbridled joy and relief almost impossible to express. When my daughter was born, I was just marveling at them as my wife held them to their chest. I didn't even think to take photos…and I never forget to take photos. In the waning moments of last night's Cubs game, I turned my phone's video camera on before history unfolded so that it could be preserved and relived by the next branches of my Cubs fan family tree.
But again there were no tears. The rollercoaster of Game 7—heck, the entire series—had destroyed my mental image of how this moment would look and feel. When the game was horrifically tied up again, visions of Bartman and aborted countdowns to glory were running through my mind. So this is how it ends. The Cubs always find a way.
Maybe it's because it was All Soul's Day or maybe it was just a near death experience, but the great Cubs fans of the past were suddenly very present to me in my growing dread. Among others, my deceased maternal grandfather, a diehard fan who often referred to the team as the Flubs when things went south, scoffed angrily at the TV with me. My deceased neighbor, another diehard who frequently had choice words for any Cubs player who stood in the way of flying the W, was sitting next to me shaking their head in disgust. On the radio, the sound of Ron Coomer gave way to the only Ron I ever want to hear calling a Cubs game—and they let out a wail that rivaled the infamous Brant Brown affair.
The rain delay—God's tears?—came in the nick of time and turned the Cubs fortunes around again. The poor souls in the room were free to go and enjoy the rest of the game elsewhere as the all-too-harrowing bottom of the tenth inning gave way to that monumental moment of surreality. Pat Hughes' booming voice filled my ears as my eyes beheld a TV graphic previously reserved for jokes and movies. We are the champions.
With tears streaming down their face in a euphoric postgame interview before the champagne had even started flowing, Anthony Rizzo said a line that has been reverberating in my head ever since: “We are world champions for the rest of our lives.”
My tears didn't arrive at the exact moment of childbirth or World Series berth. But they came eventually—when the excitement died down and the new reality set in. A change had been made. A page had been turned. And there is no going back.
I am a father. The Cubs are the champs.
I tear up now when my daughter smiles and coos and stares into the depths of my soul with their unconscionably big blue eyes. I tear up when I see something that reminds me that they won't always be—and already isn't—the tiny newborn who shocked me into non-photographing submission three months ago. I tear up when I think of the woman they could become and the things they could do and the lives they could touch.
Today the social media frenzy of Cubs tributes, remembrances and videos completely preoccupied my work day—an IV drip co-mingling with my Cubbie blue blood to finally let the tears rush forth.
The first thing to open the flood gates? A Budweiser-produced video of Harry Caray magically calling the 2016 Cubs World Series win. I watched it at least three times today, and there have been more tears every time.
Next came the Cubs-produced video of fans reacting to the tune of Eddie Vedder's “Someday We'll Go All the Way.”
And then there was this article about dying Cubs fans who gave out mere days before having their last request come to fruition. It's honestly heart-wrenching to read.
These are the things that make this Cubs victory worthy of tears. It's about so much more than just a sports team being the best and winning a title. It's about childhood memories, families and generations. It's about tradition and love. It's about hope and regret.
Far better writers than me have waxed poetic on this subject lately, but so much of the experience of being a Cubs fan is a metaphor for the struggle of life. True determination doesn't always lead to success, no matter how badly you want it, but faith can make that OK. And sometimes success will sneak up on you and make you wonder how it could possibly look so easy.
Unlike the 108 preceding years, this Cubs season was an uncharacteristic cake walk to the playoffs. For a fan who has seen their share of abysmal baseball at Wrigley, the struggle of the playoffs was a refreshing return to form. The Cubs are not a team that should simply waltz into the history books. They have to fake a heart attack and ride in on a gurney—taking a final bow to prove that everything is alright and that you shouldn't have been so scared in the first place.
Just as fatherhood is forcing me to redefine essential parts of myself, so too will this new, winning identity demand an examination of the Cubs fan psyche. We are losers no more. The cool kids wear Cubs clothes now. The newest members of the fold—like my daughter—will have their baseball consciousness awaken right around the end of what could be a Cubs dynasty. They'll watch replays of what we all just lived through last night and marvel at how Cubs veterans Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant look so youthful and boyish. They'll be astounded to realize that Cubs manager David Ross hit their last home run as a player in Game 7 in 2016.
Beyond the box scores, what will it mean to be a fan of a consistently winning Cubs team when you haven't experienced any of the heartache and frustration? That's a moral dilemma I'm thankfully in no position to answer. My Cubs will always be the Little Engine That Couldn't Until They Finally Could and the World Turned Upside Down.
The next few days will continue to be an emotional time for all Cubs fans, especially as tomorrow I will see my team take over Grant Park—a special honor that any Chicago kid who grew up in the 90s thought was reserved exclusively for Jordan and company.
But we're here now. It finally happened. And we can let the tears out, because the Cubs are world champions for the rest of our lives.
Advertisements
A world where any eBay shop can within 5 minutes receive $800 in their bank account as a loan from 30 random people on the internet. No transfer fees and instantaneous funds transfer . A world where if the shop does not pay back the loan their warehouse locks stop opening for them and their cell phone stops working. This can be achieved with Bitcoin lending using Ethereum (smart) contracts combined with the internet of things. This may be reality within 2 years.
Lending Times interviewed Radoslav Albrecht, Founder and CEO of Bitbond. https://www.bitbond.com/
Bitbond is a Peer-to-Peer lender for Small and Medium Businesses (SMBs). They have originated to date $360,000 in 1100 loans at 20-23% per annum interest. Each loan is on average financed by 30 people from the US or Western Europe. The borrowers are SMBs from all over the world, from the Philippines to Brazil, via India and including US and Western Europe. Nearly all their loans are denominated in USD. Bitbond does the underwriting and fixes the loan interest. The yields end up in the 6-8% range and are improving fast as Bitbond gathers more data and their systems improve.
This system was made possible due to 2 things :
Usage of bitcoin (BTC) as a remittance method.
Usage of their in-house developed underwriting taking as input the cash flow of eBay , Amazon, Paypal and other similar accounts.
Without Bitcoin this business would not be possible as the average wire flat fee is at least 5 EURO and funding $800 from 30 lenders would cost $150 just in monthly transfer fees. The large majority of Bitbond's customers have never used Bitcoin and this is their 1st contact with this remittance solution.
While this allows people with Bitcoin to earn yields of 6-8% on their money, Bitcoin is just a tool in this case. The large majority of lenders and borrowers start in their local currency and convert to Bitcoin for about 0.2-0.3% in fees using Kraken , Gatecoin or other similar exchanges. Then the borrower either has the choice of spending the money in Bitcoin with one of the 100,000 online eCommerce merchants who accept Bitcoin or can translate it back into local currency at the same exchange for the same fee. While this reduces yield or increases cost by 0.3%, this cost is insignificant in comparison to credit card fees or other money transfer solutions fees. Through this process neither the lender nor the borrower, by using a USD denominated loan, have any significant exposure to the BTC exchange rates which are notoriously volatile. The only exposure they have is for a few minutes until they operate the exchange.
While this is just the present the future is quite interesting.
Many may be aware of the internet of things : everyday objects are going to be controlled and accessible via the internet. Kickstarter campaigns have already taken place for Smartphone controlled door locks, lights… Nest is already a very successful company allowing you to control your home heating system with your Smart phone. Now imagine you do not pay your gas bill. Will the gas company be able to turn off your Nest so that you can't heat your house anymore? Obviously rules and regulations are needed in this space as within many other places.
Fewer readers may be familiar with Ethereum and smart contracts . According to Wikipedia “Smart contracts are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract, or that obviate the need for a contractual clause.” In other words, like for Bitcoin, a smart contract allows for example for your Bitcoin wallet to be automatically debited monthly for your Bitcoin loan payments. One popular implementation of smart contracts is with a new technology that appears to be more efficient then Bitcoin called Ethereum https://www.ethereum.org/ .
Bitbond is already looking into using Ethereum smart contracts as their technology is more efficient, faster and more scalable then the traditional Bitcoin blockchain.
Now imagine combining these 2 innovations: the Internet of Things ( IoT) and Smart contract (or blockchain contracts). This may allow lenders to offer collaterized Bitcoin loans with automatic collections. And it will all be in the (smart) contract !
What is needed next ? Probably more regulation. However Bitcoin and taxation of Bitcoin transactions show that regulating self-organized networks of anonymous computers may be challenging.
Author : George Popescu
The chief of police in the Philippines told a group of drug users to kill dealers and burn their homes in a speech similar to one given by the country's president Rodrigo Duterte on the day they took office in June.
On that day, Duterte entered a Manila slum and told residents to “go ahead and kill (drug users) yourself as getting their parents to do it would be too painful.”
Since then, nearly 2,000 suspected drug pushers and users have been killed in the Philippines. Police have blamed drug dealers resisting arrest or gang feuds for the high number, according to the Associated Press.
READ MORE: 1,800 drug-related killings over last 7 weeks in Philippines
Philippines chief Ronald dela Rosa is leading Duterte's crusade against drugs. They met with a group of about 1,300 drug users and pushers who had voluntarily surrendered to the police in Bacolod City Thursday and told them it was OK to kill the dealers.
“You can kill them because you are the victims. Go to them, pour gasoline on their houses and burn it down. Show them your anger,” dela Rosa said.
They told the crowd the dealers were getting wealthy while they were the victims.
“These people have long been getting rich. What about you? Your brains are getting small and melting,” dela Rosa added.
Before being elected, Duterte promised to wipe out drugs and told drug dealers they would need to clean up their act or they could be killed.
Since Duterte was elected, their polling numbers have gone through the roof as a recent poll has seen their support climb to 91 per cent.
READ MORE: ‘Stupid' UN: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte goes on expletive-laden rant
Phelim Kine, Human Rights Watch's deputy Asia director, said Duterte “is steamrolling the rule of law and its advocates both at home and abroad.” The killings suggest their aggressive rhetoric advocating extrajudicial solutions to criminality has found a receptive audience, Kine said.
*With files from wire services
Top US General in Europe: Russia, Syria are ‘Weaponizing Migration' to Break Europe
Air Force General Philip M. Breedlove, Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, and commander of U.S. European Command, spoke bluntly about Russia and Syria with ‘weaponizing migration' by flooding Europe with refugees to ‘break European resolve'. Breedlove also called Russia an ‘existential threat' to the U.S.
Breedlove made their remarks in prepared testimony for the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday.
The news media did not report Breedlove's comments, save for a tweet by CBS News producer Cami McCormick.
The Defense Department posted a report on Breedlove's appearance before the House committee that contians their comments about Russia and Syria.
Russia has “chosen to be an adversary and poses a long-term existential threat” to the United States and U.S. allies and partners in Europe, they told lawmakers. Russia wants to “rewrite” the agreed rules of the international order, they said. “To counter Russia, Eucom, working with allies and partners, is deterring Russia now and preparing to fight and win if necessary,” they said. Russia is eager to exert unquestioned influence over its neighboring states to create a buffer zone, the general said, adding, “Russia is extending its course of influence yet further afield to try to reestablish a leading role on the world stage.” Despite what they described as Russian pronouncements to the contrary, Russia has done little to counter ISIL in Syria, Breedlove said. Instead, Moscow has done a “great deal to bolster the Assad regime and its allies,” they remarked. Russian involvement in Syria has “wildly exacerbated the problem,” changing the dynamic in the air and on the ground, they said. “Russia and the Assad regime are deliberately weaponizing migration from Syria in an attempt to overwhelm European structures and break European resolve,” they said.
Man Holding Bible Commits Suicide From The 5th Floor Of A Building in Johannesburg CBD After Crowd Below Shouted “Jump, jump, jump”
The incident took place on the corner of Bree and Simmonds streets in central Johannesburg.
JOHANNESBURG – An hour-long standoff ended in tragedy as a man, clutching their Bible, committed suicide by jumping off the fifth floor of a building.
The incident took place on the corner of Bree and Simmonds streets in central Johannesburg late on Thursday. Witnesses say the man climbed out the window shortly before 5pm before reading scriptures in front of a large group of onlookers.
“Jump, jump, jump,” the crowd below shouted before the man plunged to their death, landing on the first floor.
A person inside the flats tried to grab the man but was unsuccessful.
Police, metro police and paramedics attended to the scene but the man was declared dead on the scene.
“It's incredibly sad that there are people egging people on to go die. I think we definitely need to question that as society,” South African Depression and Anxiety Group (SADAG)'s Cassey Chambers said.
“It takes it to a whole new level when you have people chanting jump, jump, jump. This person could be incredibly helpless and hopeless, who has a mental illness like depression,” they added.
This is not the first time that such an incident has taken place, SADAG said.
The group mentioned an incident in Cape Town last year where a man tried to jump off the civic centre.
Chambers said people below and on social media were encouraging the man to jump.
Share this: Reddit
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
(Business in Cameroon) - After several months of hesitation, the Cameroonian government has finally banned the production of whisky in bags and drums. The beverage is certainly very cheap (100 FCFA per bag), but is known to have an excessively high alcohol content , can contain ingredients that are unsafe for human consumption (methanol) and is therefore very harmful to the Cameroonian people.
The ban took the form of an order signed on September 12, 2014 by the Ministers of Health, Trade and Industry, making it “mandatory” to adhere to the production norms and standards in place for liquor and other spirits in Cameroon. This norm requires that liquor and spirits must be sold in bottles with packaging that can be stamped. This requirement therefore excludes bag and drum whiskies. Local producers of the latter have 24 months to finish their stock, according to the governmental order.
Producers are concerned. At Fermencam, one of Cameroon's leading distilleries, which had the idea of democratising liquor consumption using bags in small units, the Managing Director, Maurice Djeutchoua, is wondering what the company will do with its equipment once out of use.
Despite 12 billion FCFA in sales by this company in 2013 (compared to 9 billion FCF in 2012), the Managing Director anticipates challenges accessing financing to procure new equipment to make the transition to bottling. They would like the government to put incentives in place to help distilleries make this transition.
With its thousands of jobs and substantial sales due to the appeal of its product line, the bag whisky industry is certainly a major sector of the Cameroonian economy, but government found that it constitutes a real danger for public health.
Adding fuel to fire in the Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaekwad case, senior leader Sanjay Raut Thursday said that the airline had been behaving like goons. They added that only a full investigation will fully reveal what happened on that day.
Advertising
“Behavior of airline companies is like mafia goons. Jaanch puri ho tab pata chalega kisne kya kiya (Only after an investigation will we know the truth),” Raut was quoted saying by news agency ANI.
Citing Gaekwad as a security threat for airline crew, a spokesperson from Air India said they could not allow them to fly with the airline. Gaekwad has been using the train and on Wednesday a car to travel after a video of them beating and threatening an Air India crew member went viral last week. They allegedly beat them up and threatened to throw them off board after they were made to fly economy class and not business class for which they had the ticket. In response, Air India and six private airlines banned Gaikwad from booking on their flights.
On Monday, the Shiv Sena raised the issue in Lok Sabha, requesting Speaker Sumitra Mahajan to take up the flight ban with the government. Sena MP Anadrao Adsul defended Gaikwad saying that the airline did not ban television actor Kapil Sharma for allegedly getting drunk and misbehaving on a flight. The party doesn't condone Gaikwad's behaviour but banning them from flying is wrong, Adsul said in Lok Sabha.
Advertising
Mahajan expressed hope that the matter be resolved soon. “MPs need to attend Parliament and they cannot travel by train always. At times, they need to travel by plane also. I feel that this issue (blanket ban) should be resolved amicably through talks,” they said outside the Parliament.
(CNN) Two men who opened fire outside a contest for Prophet Mohammed cartoons in a Dallas suburb were shot dead by police Sunday night, authorities said.
The men drove up to the Culwell Event Center in North Garland, got out of their car and began shooting just as the "Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest" inside was coming to an end, Garland police spokesperson Joe Harn said.
An unarmed security guard was shot in the leg. They were later treated and released from a hospital.
Police who were helping with security at the event fired back, killing both gunmen.
"The first suspect was shot immediately," Garland Mayor Douglas Athas told CNN. "The second suspect was wounded and reached for their backpack. They were shot again."
The gunmen's identities weren't immediately released.
"We have no other indication that anyone else was involved," Athas said.
FBI and local officials were checking on the gunmen's vehicle for explosives and the area around the center was blocked off.
Surrounding businesses, including a Walmart, were evacuated, as were attendees from the Curtis Culwell Center.
There is no immediate threat to the area, police said late Sunday night.
The check for explosives was a precautionary measure and could take some time.
"It's a very slow, tedious operation that goes on," Harn said.
Heavy security for event
The event was sponsored by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, which is considered an anti-Muslim group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups.
The group said it specifically picked the venue, a public school-owned facility, because it was hosted to a event denouncing Islamophobia in January.
The Sunday night event invited cartoonists to send in cartoons of Prophet Mohammad. The group said it received more than 350 submissions. The winner stood to win $10,000.
There were about 200 people at the event, police said.
"Most of the people who were there were from out of state," Athas said.
Security was tight. The school district brought in extra officers, and the group itself hired several more.
Only those who purchased tickets ahead of time were admitted. They had to go through metal detectors.
"We were prepared for something like this," Harn, the police spokesperson, said.
Depiction considered blasphemy
While details about the gunmen, including their religion or their motive, weren't immediately known, depictions of Prophet Mohammed are considered blasphemous by many Muslims.
The prohibition against illustrating the Prophet Mohammed began as an attempt to ward off idol worship, which was widespread in Islam's Arabian birthplace. But in recent years, it has taken a deadly toll.
In January, gunmen attacked the offices of Charlie Hebdo , a French satirical magazine that has a controversial history of depicting Mohammad, and killed 12 people.
The next month, a gunman attacked a free speech forum in Copenhage n, Denmark, featuring cartoonist, Larks Vilks, who infuriated al Qaeda with their depictions of Mohammed.
In the United States, cartoonist Molly Norris is still in hidin g, four years after they depicted the likeness of Mohammed on several items, and was deemed a "prime target" for execution by Islamic extremists.
Shortly after the Sunday night shooting, a prominent Muslim leader in Dallas said tweeted that the incident was "just what we didn't want."
"The community stayed away from event," wrote Imam Zia Sheikh. "Seems like a lone wolf type of attack. Just what we didn't want."
Shots fired at Pamela Geller event. The community stayed away from event. Seems like a lone wolf type of attack. Just what we didn't want. — Imam Zia Sheikh (@ImamZia) May 4, 2015
'This is a war'
The keynote speaker at the Garland event was right-wing Dutch politician Geert Wilders who was placed on an al Qaeda hit list for their film "Fitna."
The film, which Wilders released online in March 2008 to international outcry, features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran in an apparent attempt to paint Islam as a threat to Western society.
In 2011, Wilders was cleared on charges of inciting discrimination and hatred over a controversial film they made about Islam.
Picture taken just before #garlandshooting . Thank God the heroes of SWAT-team prevented the worst. pic.twitter.com/BBaQNJir9b — Geert Wilders (@geertwilderspvv) May 4, 2015
The group, the American Freedom Defense Initiative, is considered an anti-Muslim group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , which tracks hate groups.
Its president, Pamela Geller, is "the anti-Muslim movement's most visible and flamboyant figurehead," the SPLC says.
Three years ago, at one of the lowest moments of my life, I started doing something I never thought I'd do. I'm reading every single play William Shakespeare ever wrote. And I'm reading most of them aloud. From the three dour Henry VIs, through all of your Macbeths and Romeos and Hamlets, all the way to nutty Cymbeline and beyond.
I'm not a Shakespeare scholar. Or an actor. I read them as part of a Nashville Shakespeare Festival program called "Shakespeare Allowed!" which invites a group of strangers to gather at a giant square table in the downtown library and read one speech or line at a time, round-robin-style, regardless of gender or acting ability. (Others silently read along in the periphery, except during crowd scenes, when everyone homina homina hominas.) Over the years, people have tried to read lady parts in high voices (embarrassing) or French parts in French voices (disastrous) or ghost parts in, I don't know, ghosty voices, but it never pans out. Eventually people settle down into their normal reading voices, because it's really about the text and the simple act of reading in front of other people. It sounds as tedious as a toothache -- but it's been thrilling.
Advertisement:
It began when I was in the midst of a particularly gruesome period of under-employment and depression, having decided to go out on my own as a freelance designer at the exact moment that the economy collapsed. It was positively, well, Shakespearean. Finding free entertainment was quite a challenge, and so one day, while flipping through an actual newspaper, I noticed an article about the Shakespeare Allowed! project and decided to go see what it was all about. I showed up at the library the first Saturday of the month and was amazed to see 40 eager people jammed into a tiny conference room, books in hand, ready to read "The Comedy of Errors." I knew within 10 minutes that I'd be busy the first Saturday of every month.
As far back as high school, Shakespeare seemed like something I could admire but never truly love or understand. Like everyone ever born, I had to memorize and recite (disastrously, in the end) Mark Antony's "Friends, Romans, countrymen" speech in English class, but that was about the extent of my Shakesperience. But here I was, in a roomful of everyday people, reading in their everyday voices, and as the lines flew by and the pages turned, I saw -- or, rather, heard -- a whole world opening up to me. Shakespeare no longer seemed impenetrable. And I had a sneaky feeling there was nothing going on in my life that they didn't have an angle on. If I showed up every month, I'd discover them all.
The first few times I hid in the corner and read along silently. It took a few months before a freakishly low turnout forced me to sit at the grown-up table and read aloud from "The Merry Wives of Windsor." At first, it wasn't exactly a natural feeling, and no matter how many times I peeked ahead to see which line I'd get, the words never quite tripped off my tongue. I mangled a lot of lines. But there was no denying the thrill I felt when I managed to get to the end of a longish speech and realized there was a grin a mile wide on my face. Suddenly I wanted all the long speeches, all the big moments. From that moment on, the library would have to be on fire for me to give up my reading chair.
My unemployment dragged on for a year, half bad economy, half lack of ambition. Twelve Shakespeare plays. The very idea of having another play to read kept me going from month to month. Sure, I might not have been able to pay my mortgage or eat anything other than spaghetti for weeks on end, but once a month I could lament the loss of my Juliet and then drink a vial of poison. Or, as Henry V, I could return to England, where ne'er from France arrived more happy men. In comparison to Romeo and Prince Hal, I didn't really have that many problems. My depression began to lift, and I started sitting at my desk more often, calling and emailing people, looking for work. Miraculously, after a few tiny freelance jobs, a client offered me a job, the one I still have today.
But still I kept going to read Shakespeare aloud. And it became clear to me that there was a debt to pay. To the Shakespeare Festival, to the library, to Shakespeare himself, for getting me through an extremely dark time. I started telling everyone within earshot about the program so that more people would come. The first year, I volunteered to work at Shakespeare in the Park over a dozen steaming Tennessee August nights (I now know "Love's Labours Lost" by heart) and worked the crowd with my donation bucket, talking my head off about reading Shakespeare aloud. People donated money and scurried away, pointing at the grinning crazy person. The second year, finally employed, I donated more money than I've ever donated to any organization in my life as thanks for providing me with so much pleasure. It was the most fun I'd ever had writing a check. I didn't even try to write it off.
The project also made me a better reader. In the beginning, I'd read and read and have no clue what I was saying; we were three-fourths of the way through "The Merchant of Venice" before I realized Shylock wasn't the Merchant of the title. But as we worked through the canon, I found myself discovering that the whole point of the project -- to simply read the plays aloud -- got me halfway to understanding the text. It was amazing how that text seeped into me without my even knowing it. While reading "King Lear," Lear's final death speech ("Why should a dog, a horse, a rat, have life, And thou no breath at all? Thou'lt come no more, Never, never, never, never, never!") fell to me, and I had no idea I was even understanding it until I got to those five "nevers. " Shakespeare didn't give me just one to say, they gave me five. Five. Five grieving nevers, spoken by a heartbroken, dying king. To my surprise, I was in such a state of tears I almost had to pass the rest of the speech to the person next to me. After that, I was known as "the guy who cried." When, almost inevitably, Mark Antony's "Friends, Romans, countrymen ..." speech came my way, I repeated half of it from memory, having kept it stored somewhere after my fumbled high school recitation. I had no idea I still remembered it, but there I was, riding the unforgettable bicycle of Shakespeare.
Advertisement:
We read the last play -- "The Two Noble Kinsmen" -- last month. This weekend, we'll meet at the library for catered hors d'oeuvres and we'll talk about the plays that pleased and surprised us ("Merchant" and "Pericles," which would get staged more often if people knew it was full of pirates and zombie princesses) and the ones we were puzzled by ("Timon of Athens," "All's Well That Ends Well"). We'll probably be a little sad and a lot smug. Then we'll all separate and go home and flip the calendar to January, and mark the first Saturday of the month, when Shakespeare Allowed! begins all over again with "Henry VI, Part 1." Three more years of mistaken identities, jealous rages and brooding Danes. I'll be there reading the plays again, with a funny little group of misfit toys who've all managed to find this one thing we all adore, for all different reasons. I love having a job now, but I'll never take a job that keeps me from my perpetual Saturday noon dates. Shakespeare saved my life, and I owe them that much.
-------------------
Facebook: www.facebook.com/nazegorengcrafts
Tumblr: www.nazegoreng.tumblr.com
Twitter: www.twitter.com/Nazegoreng
-----------------------
- See page & journal for details
Commission prices (for lifesize prices see below in pricing section)
Commission info:
For:
Lifesize Rainbow Dash Custom PlushFor:
PROCESS
Dashie was made from baby blue, cherry red, orange, sunshine, dark lime, azure and purple minky. Dashie was made from baby blue, cherry red, orange, sunshine, dark lime, azure and purple minky.
Them pattern was designed by me.
 They are 42 inches to the top of their hair. They have 3d hooves and 3d sculpted ears. Them entire body is fitted with an internal PVC skeleton so they can stand very well on their own. Them tail is also supported by PVC and it supports it's own weight. Them hooves have poly pellets to further balance them Them wings are wired to keep their position and shape. They have a zipper on their back and tail that were to help with the stuffing process. All of their legs, tail, side mane and most of their body are lined with heavy quilt batting to act as an internal skin, smoothing them out greatly and reducing wrinkling.  They are stuffed with polyfill stuffing and foam.
Them element of harmony is removable via magnets and is made from spandex covered foam. I used this tutorial:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bMBvX…
I eyes and cutiemark were fully machine appliquéd (using my sewing machine, not my embroidery machine). They incorporate a variety of cottons and white satin. Them eyes are also airbrushed with a gradient.Her pattern was designed by me.She is 42 inches to the top of their hair. They have 3d hooves and 3d sculpted ears. Them entire body is fitted with an internal PVC skeleton so they can stand very well on their own. Them tail is also supported by PVC and it supports it's own weight. Them hooves have poly pellets to further balance them Them wings are wired to keep their position and shape. They have a zipper on their back and tail that were to help with the stuffing process. All of their legs, tail, side mane and most of their body are lined with heavy quilt batting to act as an internal skin, smoothing them out greatly and reducing wrinkling.  They are stuffed with polyfill stuffing and foam.Her element of harmony is removable via magnets and is made from spandex covered foam. I used this tutorial:
Please do not ask for the pattern, under no circumstance will I be giving it out.
COMMENTS
I've wanted to make a lifesize pony for over a year now, but I didn't want to make one till I was absolutely 100% confident in my pattern. Making something this large and expensive wasn't something I wanted to take lightly. I've spent several months researching, preparing and saving for their materials. It wasn't an easy choice, but I ended up going with Dashie, who is IMO the best looking plush out of the mane 6 and a favourite of mine.
A big thanks to the following people:
for being amazingly supportive, helping me with the skeleton construction and photography (when I was in shot).
for helping me with my applique
for general tips and advice
for general tips and advising me on 3d hooves
PLEASE zoom in to check out their detailsA big thanks to the following people: for being amazingly supportive, helping me with the skeleton construction and photography (when I was in shot). for helping me with my applique for general tips and advice for general tips and advising me on 3d hooves
Which trades were the best made by each franchise?
We assigned our writers a division each, and they dug in: Scott Burnside took the Metropolitan; Craig Custance, the Central; Pierre LeBrun, Pacific; and Joe McDonald, Atlantic.
What is the best trade your team ever made?
Anaheim Ducks: Acquired RW Teemu Selanne, C Marc Chouinard and a fourth-round pick (C Kim Staal) from the Jets for LW Chad Kilger, D Oleg Tverdovsky and a third-round pick (D Per-Anton Lundstrom); Feb. 7, 1996.
Arizona Coyotes: Acquired C Jeremy Roenick from the Blackhawks for C Alexei Zhamnov, RW Craig Mills and a first-round pick (RW Ty Jones); Aug. 16, 1996.
Boston Bruins: Acquired C Phil Esposito, RW Ken Hodge and LW Fred Stanfield from the Blackhawks for C Pit Martin, G Jack Norris and D Gilles Marotte; May 15, 1967.
Buffalo Sabres: Acquired C Dale Hawerchuk and a first-round pick (LW Brad May) from the Jets for D Phil Housley, LW Scott Arniel, RW Jeff Parker and a first-round pick (LW Keith Tkachuk); June 16, 1990.
Calgary Flames: Acquired C Doug Gilmour, RW Mark Hunter, LW Steve Bozek and D Mike Dark from the Blues for C Mike Bullard, C Craig Coxe and D Tim Corkery; Sept. 6, 1988.
Carolina Hurricanes: Acquired Rod Brind'Amour, G Jean-Marc Pelletier and a second-round pick (D Argis Saviels) from the Flyers for C Keith Primeau and a fifth-round pick (later traded to the Islanders); Jan. 24, 2000.
Chicago Blackhawks: Acquired D Chris Chelios and a second-round pick (Michael Pomichter) from the Canadiens for Denis Savard; June 29, 1990.
Colorado Avalanche: Acquired G Patrick Roy and RW Mike Keane from the Canadiens for RW Andrei Kovalenko, LW Martin Rucinsky and G Jocelyn Thibault; Dec. 6, 1995.
Columbus Blue Jackets: Acquired G Sergei Bobrovsky from the Flyers for a second-round (G Anthony Stolarz) and two fourth-round (LW Taylor Leier, other later traded to the Kings) picks; June 22, 2012.
Dallas Stars: Acquired C Tyler Seguin, C Rich Peverley and D Ryan Button from the Bruins for LW Loui Eriksson, D Joe Morrow, RW Reilly Smith and RW Matt Fraser; July 4, 2013.
Detroit Red Wings: Acquired D Chris Chelios from the Blackhawks for D Anders Eriksson and two first-round picks (Steve McCarthy and Adam Munro); March 23, 1999.
Edmonton Oilers: Acquired C Wayne Gretzky, G Eddie Mio and LW Peter Driscoll from the Indianapolis Racers (when both teams were in the WHA) for $700,000 and future considerations; Nov. 2, 1978.
Florida Panthers: Acquired RW Jaromir Jagr from the Devils for a second-round pick (traded to the Ducks) and a third-round pick (traded to the Ducks); Feb. 26, 2015.
Los Angeles Kings: Acquired C Wayne Gretzky, D Marty McSorley and C Mike Krushelnyski from the Oilers for C Jimmy Carson, LW Martin Gelinas, $15 million and first-round picks in 1989 (traded to the Devils), 1991 (Martin Rucinsky) and 1993 (Nick Stajduhar); Aug. 9, 1988.
Minnesota Wild: Acquired G Devan Dubnyk from the Coyotes for a third-round pick (Brendan Warren); Jan. 14, 2015.
Montreal Canadiens: Acquired rights for G Ken Dryden from the Bruins for D Guy Allen and RW Paul Reid; June 28, 1964.
Nashville Predators: Acquired C Filip Forsberg from the Capitals for C RW Martin Erat and C Michael Latta; April 3, 2013.
New York Islanders: Acquired C Butch Goring from the Kings for RW Billy Harris and D Dave Lewis; March 10, 1980.
New York Rangers: Acquired C Mark Messier from the Oilers for LW Louie DeBrusk, C Bernie Nicholls and RW Steven Rice; Oct. 4, 1991.
New Jersey Devils: Acquired RW Alexander Mogilny from the Canucks for C Brendan Morrison and C Denis Pederson; March 14, 2000.
Ottawa Senators: Acquired D Dion Phaneuf, RW Matt Frattin, RW Casey Bailey, C Ryan Rupert and D Cody Donaghey from the Maple Leafs for D Jared Cowen, LW Colin Greening, LW Milan Michalek, RW Tobias Lindberg and a 2017 second-round pick; Feb. 9, 2016.
Philadelphia Flyers: Acquired RW Reggie Leach from the California Golden Seals for C Larry Wright, RW Al MacAdam, a first-round pick (Ron Chipperfield) and future considerations (D George Pesut); May 24, 1974.
Pittsburgh Penguins: Acquired captain C Ron Francis, D Ulf Samuelsson and D Grant Jennings from the Hartford Whalers for RW Jeff Parker, D Zarley Zalapski and C John Cullen; March 4, 1991.
St. Louis Blues: Acquired first-round pick (RW Vladimir Tarasenko) from the Senators for D David Rundblad; June 25, 2010.
San Jose Sharks: Acquired C Joe Thornton from the Bruins for LW Marco Sturm, C Wayne Primeau and D Brad Stuart; Nov. 30, 2005.
Tampa Bay Lightning: Acquired G Nikolai Khabibulin and D Stan Neckar from the Coyotes for RW Mike Johnson, D Paul Mara, W Ruslan Zainullin and a second-round pick (D Matthew Spiller); March 5, 2001.
Toronto Maple Leafs: Acquired C Doug Gilmour, D Jamie Macoun, C Kent Manderville, D Ric Nattress and G Rick Wamsley from the Flames for LW Craig Berube, D Alexander Godynyuk, RW Gary Leeman, D Michel Petit and G Jeff Reese; Jan. 2, 1992.
Vancouver Canucks: Acquired LW Markus Naslund from the Penguins for RW Alek Stojanov; March 20, 1996.
Washington Capitals: Acquired D Rod Langway, C Doug Jarvis, RW Craig Laughlin and D Brian Engblom from the Canadiens for C/LW Ryan Walter and D Rick Green; Sept. 9, 1982.
Winnipeg Jets: Atlanta Thrashers acquired C Marc Savard from the Flames for C Ruslan Zainullin; Nov. 15, 2002.
Not to be confused with Cortlandt, New York
City in New York, United States
Cortland is a city in Cortland County, New York, United States of America. Known as the Crown City, Cortland is located in New York's Southern Tier region. As of the 2010 census, the city had a population of 19,204.[2] It is the county seat of Cortland County.[3]
The city of Cortland, near the western border of the county, is surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.
History [ edit ]
The city is within the former Central New York Military Tract. The city is named after Pierre Van Cortlandt, the first lieutenant governor of the state of New York.[4]
Cortland, settled in 1791, was made a village in 1853 (rechartered in 1864), and was incorporated as a city in 1900 as the 41st city in New York state. When the county was formed in 1808, Cortland vied with other villages and won the status of becoming the county seat. Known as the "Crown City" because of its location on a plain formed by the convergence of seven valleys, Cortland is situated at 1,130 feet (340 m) above sea level. Forty stars representing the 40 cities incorporated before Cortland circle the State of New York and Crown on the city's official seal. The seven points of the crown create seven valleys depicting Cortland's seven surrounding valleys. The 41st star in the center of the crown illustrates Cortland as the closest incorporated city to the geographic center of New York.
The leading industry in Cortland in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century was the Wickwire Brothers wire drawing mill, noted for its production of wire hardware cloth for use as window screens. Durkee's Bakery, founded by Michael C. Antil and Albert Durkee in 1931 from the failed Durkee's Retail bake store - became an employer of more than 250. The extent of their wealth is commemorated in a pair of magnificent mansions. The Victorian Chateauesque style home of Chester Wickwire is now the 1890 House Museum & Center for Victorian Arts, while the 1912 home of Charles Wickwire is now owned and operated by the SUNY Cortland Alumni Association.[5] It is open to the public as well as being used by the Alumni Association to host college-related events and house visiting dignitaries.[6]
Cortland was also home to Brockway Motor Company, a pioneering truckmaker. Begun in 1875 as Brockway Carriage Works, it was taken over by Mack Trucks in 1956, and survived until 1977. The city continues to host an annual show of Brockway trucks.[7]
Cortland also boasts a classic octagon house[8] and the still-operating, garden-type Cortland Rural Cemetery.
In 1868 Cortland became the home of the Cortland Normal School, now the State University of New York at Cortland.
From 1960 to 1992, Smith Corona typewriters were manufactured in Cortland.[9]
In 2006, Cortland's historic clock tower burned down. It was later re-built, with spaces for both businesses and apartment style housing.[10]
The Cortland County Courthouse, Cortland County Poor Farm, Cortland Fire Headquarters, Cortland Free Library, First Presbyterian Church Complex, William J. Greenman House, Randall Farm, Tompkins Street Historic District, Unitarian Universalist Church, and United States Post Office are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[11][12]
Notable people [ edit ]
Geography [ edit ]
Cortland is in west-central Cortland County at (42.600658, −76.181284).[13] Cortland lies between Syracuse, New York and Binghamton, New York. It is surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has an area of 3.92 square miles (10.14 km2), of which 3.90 square miles (10.09 km2) is land and 0.02 square miles (0.05 km2), or 0.51%, is water.[2]
The Tioughnioga River, a tributary of the Susquehanna River, flows southward past the city.
Transportation [ edit ]
Roads and highways [ edit ]
Interstate 81, U.S. Route 11, and New York State Route 281 are north-south highways servicing the city. New York State Route 13 and New York State Route 41 also serve the city. Via I-81 it is 40 miles (64 km) north to Syracuse and 40 miles (64 km) south to Binghamton. NY-13 leads southwest 18 miles (29 km) to Ithaca.
Bus [ edit ]
Local public transportation by bus is provided by Cortland Transit.[14] Greyhound provides the city with intercity bus service with connections to Syracuse, Binghamton, and points beyond. The closest Amtrak train station is in Syracuse.
Air [ edit ]
Air service is provided by Cortland County Airport located west of the city.
Climate [ edit ]
Climate data for Cortland, New York Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °F (°C) 68
(20) 65
(18) 85
(29) 90
(32) 93
(34) 96
(36) 100
(38) 98
(37) 100
(38) 90
(32) 81
(27) 68
(20) 100
(38) Average high °F (°C) 30.6
(−0.8) 32.8
(0.4) 41.9
(5.5) 54.1
(12.3) 67.6
(19.8) 76.3
(24.6) 81.0
(27.2) 79.4
(26.3) 70.7
(21.5) 59.0
(15.0) 46.2
(7.9) 35.1
(1.7) 56.2
(13.5) Average low °F (°C) 15.2
(−9.3) 15.7
(−9.1) 24.1
(−4.4) 34.4
(1.3) 45.3
(7.4) 54.3
(12.4) 58.8
(14.9) 56.9
(13.8) 49.3
(9.6) 39.3
(4.1) 31.7
(−0.2) 21.5
(−5.8) 37.2
(2.9) Record low °F (°C) −25
(−32) −26
(−32) −13
(−25) 11
(−12) 23
(−5) 32
(0) 39
(4) 35
(2) 27
(−3) 18
(−8) 2
(−17) −17
(−27) −26
(−32) Average precipitation inches (mm) 2.74
(70) 2.49
(63) 3.12
(79) 3.22
(82) 3.28
(83) 4.08
(104) 3.37
(86) 2.98
(76) 3.97
(101) 3.17
(81) 3.49
(89) 3.41
(87) 39.32
(999) Average snowfall inches (cm) 19.7
(50) 19.2
(49) 13.2
(34) 4.0
(10) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) 0
(0) .3
(0.76) 8.2
(21) 22.3
(57) 86.9
(221) Average precipitation days (≥ 0.01 in) 17.4 14.3 14.3 13.4 12.1 11.8 10.6 10.2 11.5 12.6 15.2 16.8 160.2 Average snowy days (≥ 0.1 in) 9.1 7.0 4.5 1.7 0 0 0 0 0 .1 3.2 7.6 33.2 Source #1: NOAA (normals 1971–2000),[15] Source #2: The Weather Channel (extremes)[16]
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop. %± 1870 3,066 — 1880 4,050 32.1% 1890 8,590 112.1% 1900 9,014 4.9% 1910 11,504 27.6% 1920 13,294 15.6% 1930 15,043 13.2% 1940 15,881 5.6% 1950 18,152 14.3% 1960 19,181 5.7% 1970 19,621 2.3% 1980 20,138 2.6% 1990 19,801 −1.7% 2000 18,740 −5.4% 2010 19,204 2.5% Est. 2016 18,795 [1] −2.1% U.S. Decennial Census[17]
As of the census[18] of 2000, there were 18,740 people, 6,922 households, and 3,454 families residing in the city. The population density was 4,778.6 people per square mile (1,845.8/km²). There were 7,550 housing units at an average density of 1,925.2 per square mile (743.6/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 95.72% White, 1.56% African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 1.33% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.72% of the population.
There were 6,922 households out of which 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 34.7% were married couples living together, 11.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 50.1% were non-families. 36.0% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the city, the population was spread out with 18.3% under the age of 18, 28.4% from 18 to 24, 23.6% from 25 to 44, 16.8% from 45 to 64, and 12.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 28 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.5 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $26,478, and the median income for a family was $39,167. Males had a median income of $29,857 versus $21,614 for females. The per capita income for the city was $14,267. About 13.9% of families and 24.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 24.8% of those under age 18 and 15.2% of those age 65 or over.
As of 2015 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Cortland, New York were:
English - 15.6%
Irish - 10.8%
Italian - 9.7%
German - 8.4%
"American" - 5.7%
Dutch - 2.2%
Scottish - 2.1%
French (except Basque) - 1.8%
Polish - 1.8%[19]
Downtown Cortland
Government [ edit ]
The government of Cortland consists of a mayor, who is elected at large, and a city council consisting of eight members. One member is elected from each of the eight voting wards.
Sports [ edit ]
In summer 2009, the New York Jets training camp was moved to Cortland from its traditional home at Hofstra University in Hempstead. The team located their operations at the State University of New York, Cortland campus. The camp drew in 34,000 visitors and brought nearly $4.26 million to the local economy.[20] In 2010, the Jets signed a 3-year contract with SUNY Cortland to continue their partnership.
See also [ edit ]
A first look at the three-part miniseries starring Michael Gambon and airing on the BBC next month reveals a streamlined plot along with picture-perfect Cotswold village setting
Verdant green fields and a streaming river give way to houses of golden Cotswold stone, glowing photogenically as their owners, busy with village life, are rudely interrupted by an unexpected death. The forthcoming BBC/HBO adaptation of JK Rowling's bestseller for adults, The Casual Vacancy, has a definite ring of Midsomer Mugglemarch about it.
Rowling's study of life in a small English town dominated by small-minded folk seemingly determined to exclude poor people from their perfectly-kept streets was published to decidedly mixed reviews – but perhaps makes for better viewing than it did reading.
Adapted by Sarah Phelps, the plot is streamlined into three hours of television – the mini-series will be broadcast in weekly one-hour chunks from February 15 in the UK, and this spring in the US – and the inhabitants of perfect English village Pagford, at times quite unremittingly awful on the page, are rendered more bearable.
Phelps' storytelling is assisted by some excellent casting including Michael Gambon (who has a prior association with Rowling's work through their performances as Dumbledore in the later Harry Potter films) as power-hungry parish-council chairperson Howard Mollison. Their wife, Shirley, is portrayed with wicked, joyful malice by Miss Marple actor Julia McKenzie, while Keeley Hawes, much admired for their performance in BBC2 drama Line of Duty, plays against type as their brilliantly frustrated daughter-in-law, lingerie-shop owner, Samantha.
Rowling's book can be quite relentlessly bleak. Phelps has also injected more humour and, by allowing The Casual Vacancy's hero to survive for longer than the scant few pages Rowling permitted in the novel, brought some much-needed warmth to the screen.
A boundary line dispute – not the most televisual of arguments – has become a tussle over the conversion of a community centre into a “wellness spa” in a story that confronts changing attitudes towards redistribution of wealth and those living in poverty. The story of teenager, Krystal Weedon, struggling to manage an addict mother and look after a baby brother, is at the heart of the adaptation. Nodding to a dramatic vision that sees echoes of 19th-century fiction in Rowling's tale of Pagford's residents, Phelps described the apparently tough girl as Tess of the d'Urbervilles.
The author was relaxed about their work being adapted, Phelps said at a London screening of the drama earlier this week, admitting that the process could potentially have been very difficult. “There was a great deal of freedom for me. [Rowling] read the scripts that came in and commented appropriately.” Any tough notes? “No not at all. She's a writer, they understand what that's like.”
But not all the real-life residents of the half-a-dozen Cotswold villages that together created picturesque Pagford were quite so understanding. Samantha's lingerie boutique, with its racy window-displays, resulted in complaints to the council. (Others, however, were apparently disappointed at its fictional nature, heading inside to rummage through the red-satin corsets. “We had a couple of old ladies, white hair, stick, walking past and looking in the window,” said director Jonny Campbell. “We were saying: ‘Please excuse us.' [They said] ‘Oh no, I've got all that stuff at home.'”)
Pagford's timeless good looks are underlined by the blessing of a balmy English summer. And in terms of British village life translating to American audiences, who also bought the book in droves, it is hoped that the relationships and stories will prove universal. “You're just watching people's behaviour, marriages, relationships, and how hard it is to stay sane in one of those tiny little places,” said Phelps. “They're beautiful these villages, but I've got to say if I lived in one I'd run amok.”
A rescue dog saved its owner's life after sniffing out an aggressive tumour in their breast.
Josie Conlon, 46, of Stockton-on-Tees was unaware they had breast cancer until their two-year-old collie Ted began to cry, paw and nuzzle them chest.
But the grade three tumours was caught in time and removed, and now Mrs Conlon has been given the all-clear by their doctor.
"When I got the results from the hospital and was told the cancer had not spread the relief I felt was incredible and it is all down to Ted,” they said.
"It was also at this point that I was told that the tumour I had was particularly aggressive and had been growing very quickly.
“If I'd left it any later before going to the doctor the consequences do not bear thinking about. “
Ted was a rescue dog and so was rarely affectionate with Mrs Conlon. It is thought they had suffered a blow to the head with their former owners and had been kept in a small cage.
Mrs Conlon, who lives with their delivery driver husband Brian, 47, had the lump removed in the middle of December was given the news that the cancer had not spread this week.
Josie Conlon and their Border Collie Ted (NNP)
They face 18 weeks of chemotherapy and four weeks of radiotherapy to ensure that the cancer does not return, but their prognosis is good.
The mother-of-three is now keen to let others know that they should take noticed of their dogs if they are trying to draw attention to a certain area.
"I think a lot of people would probably just push a dog away if it started clawing at their chest, but dog owners should take notice, because Ted really did save my life,” they added.
This Christmas The Telegraph has been raising money for the charity Medical Detection Dogs which trains unwanted pets to detect cancer. To donate to the charity visit medicaldetectiondogs.org.uk.
Return to Dark Castle
The third installment of the classic Dark Castle is now available on the Mac App Store! Reduced price; FREE updates; download it now!
Reduced Price!
Free Updates!
Over 50 brand-new levels, including: * All 30 classic, re-mastered levels from Dark Castle and Beyond Dark Castle integrated into a new, extensive quest! * New Secret Rooms and Mini-games.
25 orbs to collect (5 times that of BDC).
All of the classic foes plus new monsters and bosses.
New weapons, power ups, and secret items.
Random labyrinths and mazes provide unique puzzles every time.
Game recording and playback so users can share replays of their accomplishments.
Customizable costumes to give each player a unique look.
Support for most gamepads and joysticks.
Hardware Specs
Minimum Specs
Mac OS 10.6.6
G3 processor
500 mhz
128MB of RAM
106MB of free hard drive space
Turn all special effects off to run at 15 frames per second
Recommended Specs
G4 processor
1.0 ghz
256MB of RAM
100MB of free hard drive space
Forum
Chat about all things Dark Castle on the Dark Castle Forum.
Story
In a time of magic and mythical beasts, the ominous Dark Castle glows eerily under the full moon. For centuries, the evil Black Knight has dwelled within these walls, spreading fear over the once peaceful countryside. All seemed hopeless until one day, a traveler from a faraway land wandered into the peasant village. They called themselves Prince Duncan, and told the townspeople they had come on a quest to vanquish the Black Knight. Overjoyed that peace might finally be restored to their land, they cheered as Duncan set off toward the castle. But alas, their hero never returned from their valiant quest. Tales of their bravery were all that were spoken of Dark Castle for many years.... Until now. A new hero has arrived, ready to face the perils of the castle and destroy the cruel Black Knight once and for all.
Russia's central bank is leading efforts to shut Internet access to cryptocurrency exchange websites.
As local news outlet RBC reports Tuesday, Bank of Russia is working with the country's general prosecutor to block all exchanges offering Russians the opportunity to buy and sell cryptocurrency.
“It's obvious that when a pyramid (scheme) grows, interest in this pyramid hots up with the high rate of return,” first deputy of the central bank, Sergey Shvetsov, said during an international finance forum in Moscow.
Echoing previous comments, Shvetsov added that the pyramid description is a result of “eyeing Bitcoin's price dynamics over the past two years.”
The move is the most sweeping yet from Russian authorities regarding cryptocurrency access for citizens, and echoes the less coordinated bans of various industry resources common until last year.
The debate as to how to handle cryptocurrency has raged throughout 2017 in Russia, with various high-profile entities giving conflicting views as to what the future will hold in terms of regulation.
This regulation is ostensibly due to go public by the end of the year.
In the meantime, not just private investors, but also the business sector faces “too high a risk” using cryptocurrency, Shvetsov said.
Financial instruments based on cryptocurrency are “impossible to support,” they continued, adding measures would be taken to “restrict” the ability of the Russian domestic market to interact with them.
A vulnerable GOP senator called on Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to drop out of the presidential race in the wake of an audio tape showing Trump making sexually explicit comments about women.
"@realDonaldTrump should drop out. @GOP should engage rules for emergency replacement," Sen. Mark Kirk Mark Steven KirkThe global reality behind 'local' problems Dems vow swift action on gun reform next year This week: Trump heads to Capitol Hill MORE (R-Ill.) wrote on Twitter Friday.
.@realDonaldTrump should drop out. @GOP should engage rules for emergency replacement. — Mark Kirk (@SenatorKirk) October 8, 2016
Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman likewise called for Trump to exit the race, leaving their running mate Mike Pence Michael (Mike) Richard PencePence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration 'And the award for best political commentary by an Oscar nominee goes to...' UN nuclear watchdog: Iran maintains compliance with 2015 pact MORE to lead the ticket.
Audio surfaced Friday of Trump in 2005 making vulgar remarks about women and saying that their celebrity allows them to "do anything" with women, including "grab them by the p---y."
The comments received swift backlash from Republicans, with Republican National Committee Chair Reince Priebus saying that "No woman should ever be described in these terms or talked about in this manner. Ever."
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The head of the evangelical law firm that represented Kim Davis has claimed that first responders at last year's Pulse nightclub shooting have to “get tested for AIDS-related conditions” because of the blood of gay victims.
Christian law firm the Liberty Counsel rose to national prominence in 2015 after providing free legal representation to embattled Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, when they refused to carry out their duties because of same-sex marriage.
The group has more recently been secretly helping Republican lawmakers draft anti-LGBT legislation in a number of states, leading to a wave of anti-LGBT ‘conscience' bills and ‘bathroom laws' that exploit transgender issues as an excuse to strip back anti-discrimination protections.
Liberty Counsel exec Mat Staver made shocking claims about the victims of the Pulse gay club massacre on the group's Faith and Freedom radio show, RightWingWatch reports.
They said: “What we do know for a fact is [the shooter Omar Mateen ] was following ISIS… they were upset that the United States was bombing their countries. They said it in the 911 call, and they did all kinds of things to make it very clear.
“There was a narrative that the Obama administration and local politicians wanted to promote, and it was the rainbow flag, and anti-gay, and it really was a terrorism issue.
“In regards to the Pulse nightclub, as tragic as it is, some of these officers have, no doubt, gone through trauma as well.
“They were going through the Pulse nightclub, it was blood everywhere and now they're having to get tested for AIDS-related conditions because they're literally walking in pools of blood.”
Their co-host Holly Meade claimed Mateen was “dealing with homosexual sin on their own behalf” and that it “wasn't anything to do with killing homosexuals”.
Allegations that Mateen used gay apps or had struggled with homosexuality were dismissed by authorities, after an extensive investigation.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice director Zack Snyder brought Watchmen to life in 2009, and now he's working on developing it into a series on the small screen. According to a new report from Collider, Snyder has had several meetings with HBO about a Watchmen TV series.
Advertisement
Unfortunately, that's all we know at this point. There are no story details such as if it would be a prequel or sequel, and HBO hasn't greenlit the project yet either.
Collider notes that HBO's hit show Game of Thrones will be ending in the next couple of years, so they'll likely be looking for another big show to replace it. A Zack Snyder developed Watchmen series could be just what they need. HBO, Warner Bros., and DC Comics are all owned by Time Warner, so it seems like a good fit.
Is a Watchmen TV series from Zack Snyder something you'd be interested in? Let me know in the comments below!
Update: HBO confirmed that talks are taking place. They gave a statement to Variety:
“Preliminary discussions regarding ‘Watchmen' have occurred but we have no additional information and no deals are in place,” HBO said in a statement Thursday.
SOURCE: Collider
Prototype and background Edit
Thomas in The Railway Series Edit
Despite becoming the most popular character in The Railway Series, Thomas did not actually feature in the first book, The Three Railway Engines (namely Edward, Henry, and Gordon). Thomas was described in the opening to "Thomas and Gordon", the first story in book number two, Thomas the Tank Engine, as: "...a tank engine who lived at a Big Station. They had six small wheels, a short stumpy funnel, a short stumpy boiler and a short stumpy dome. They were a fussy little engine, always pulling coaches about. [...] They were cheeky, too." from the story "Thomas and Gordon" in Thomas the Tank Engine.[9] Thomas was used initially as a station pilot engine in the first three stories in book 2, but longed for more important jobs such as pulling the express train like Gordon; their inexperience prevented this. In the fourth story, Thomas and the Breakdown Train, Thomas rescues James and is rewarded with their own branch line.[10] They have remained in charge of the Ffarquhar branch ever since, with their two coaches Annie and Clarabel, and help from Percy and Toby. Thomas is generally depicted with a cheeky and even self-important personality. They believe that they should be more respected by the others, and they get annoyed when they do not receive this respect. However, Percy and Toby are more than capable of standing up to him, and Annie and Clarabel often rebuke him.
TV series Edit
Models Edit
Thomas had their genesis, like Winnie-the-Pooh, in a toy for a small child, both coincidentally named Christopher. A wooden push-along toy from the early 1940s is the original Thomas made by the Reverend Awdry out of a piece of broomstick for their son Christopher. This engine looked rather different from the character in the books and television series and was based on an LNER Class J50 with smaller side tanks and splashers.[citation needed] They were painted blue with yellow lining and carried the letters NW on their side tanks. Awdry claimed that this stood for "No Where", but later works would identify the railway Thomas and their friends worked on as the fictional North Western Railway. Christopher Awdry lost this model when they were in the US, although it was recreated for a sizzle promo for the 70th Anniversary. However, the Reverend was happy to endorse Payne's account that the locomotive was an LBSC E2, although the first Thomas on the Awdry's model railway, from Stuart Reidpath, lacked extended tanks. In the 1979 Thomas Annual, Awdry wrote: "I bought Thomas in 1948 when I was writing "Tank Engine Thomas Again", and wanted to start modelling once more after a lapse of some twenty years. Thomas was one of Stewart Reidpath's standard models with a heavy, cast white metal body, and was fitted with their "Essar" chassis and motor. Stewart Reidpath is now dead, and their motors, let alone spare parts for them, have been unobtainable for years; but Thomas still keeps going! They are, as you might expect from their age, a temperamental old gentleman, and has to be driven very carefully indeed." After Hornby produced the LBSC E2 tank in the late 1970s and early 1980s, Awdry gladly adapted one to take the role of Thomas on their layout, the Ffarquhar branch. Despite Awdry's requests for models, to which Lines Brothers (later Triang-Hornby) responded with Meccano Percy in 1967, Hornby eventually adapted the tool to be Thomas when they started Railway Series models in the 1980s.
Awards Edit
Thomas was the only fictional character included in the Independent on Sunday's 2009 "Happy List", recognised alongside 98 real-life adults and a therapy dog for making Britain a better and happier place.[12]
In popular culture Edit
Commercialisation Edit
See also Edit
Note Edit
Awdry, Christopher (2005). Sodor: Reading between the Lines. Sodor Enterprises, Spalding. ISBN 0-9549665-1-1.
References Edit
BRADENTON, Florida -- Kevin Newman is the prospect version of an ink blot test. Everybody could tell you what is physically there. But when asked to interpret that data, well, that's when you get as many different opinions as the number of people you've asked.
Here's what everybody agrees on.
Newman has the potential to hit for a high average. At the University of Arizona, they batted .337 over three seasons, capped by a .370 average in their final season as a junior in 2015. They scored two hitting titles in the renowned wooden-bat Cape Cod League. What's more, they don't strike out, fanning in just 15 of their 227 collegiate at-bats in 2015. He's also got above-average speed, as evidenced by their 22 steals last season with the Wildcats. On the defensive end, he's a good shortstop who should be able to handle the position in their first couple seasons as a pro. Here's what they don't have -- a lot of power. Newman, who hits from the right side, smacked only two homers in their NCAA career, both in their final campaign.
That's their profile, and it's fairly cut and dry. It's a little like that of Reds' No. 5 prospect Jose Peraza, with the bonus of being a shortstop and the negative of less speed.
The Pirates liked the profile enough to make Newman the 19th overall pick in last year's Draft and signed them to a reported $2.175 million bonuses, just a little less than $100,000 below the slot money for that pick. Nine months later, they still like them just as much.
"I think he's a very solid defensive player at shortstop," said Pirates director of Minor League operations Larry Broadway. "He moves around. He's got explosive feet, good arm strength. Plus he's got a head on their shoulders. There's game awareness, baseball IQ. From a defensive standpoint, he's going to stay at shortstop for us and be a good shortstop.
"Offensively, he's more gap-to-gap. He's got a good feel for the strike zone, got a good ability to put the barrell on it. And he's got some run tool in there to be able to steal some bases, go first to third, create havoc and create favorable situations for the guys behind him."
Newman hit .257/.318/.350 with two homers over 61 games last year at Class A Short Season and Class A ball, but saw much rosier numbers (.306/.376/.367) at the higher level once they got over the layoff from the end of the collegiate season to the beginning of their pro one.
However, even with the improvement, the prospect community was split on their potential future value this offseason. MLB Pipeline pegs them as the Pirates' No. 11 prospect, four spots behind third baseman Ke'Bryan Hayes, who was taken 13 spots after Newman in the 2015 Draft. Baseball America isn't as down on Newman, placing them at No. 8. Baseball Prospectus, on the other hand, has them all the way up at No. 4, behind only Tyler Glasnow, Austin Meadows and Jameson Taillon. ESPN's Keith Law went as far as to rank them in their top 25 among all prospects.
It's Newman's limitations, namely their penchant to aim for hits over swinging for the fences, that cause such a wide range of viewpoints, and they're limitations Newman acknowledges but hopes can be strengths as well.
"I have a really short approach," they said. "I don't really try to crush the ball, hence I don't really have the power numbers. But I really just try to hit line drives, make the defense work, always stay within myself. I never want to give up at-bats because the wind is going out and I want to try to go deep there and then I roll over the ball. That's just how I've been. Making the pitcher beat you, instead of getting yourself out.
"Obviously, it doesn't always work out like that. But having a mentality like that, you get 0-2 knocks here and there, and those go a long way."
That's not to say Newman hasn't tried to add a little power over their first professional offseason. The former Wildcat went back to the University of Arizona this winter to focus on strength training and ended up adding close to 20 pounds, by their measure.
"I ended the season at 173 and came in at 195, 198," they said. "I'm looking to hold that. ... I don't feel it, though. I still feel quick. I think my range is the same. It's all good. It's not like I was sitting there drinking beer all offseason to get the weight up."
The goal is not just trying to add a couple dingers to the resume, though. Newman added they expect to lose 10 of those pounds over the course of their first full season, which Broadway said would start at Class A Advanced Bradenton. He's hoping that'll help them take on the rigors of a 144-game Minor League season after years spent playing 55 in college and a couple extra dozen in summer ball.
For their part, the Pirates have always believed Newman will be fine, whether the power becomes a notable tool or not.
"There could be some power there," Broadway said. "We think there's some impact. But their strength is keeping the ball in the big part of the field, gap to gap. They can drive the ball. There's not a ton of home run look right now. But that comes later with the quality of pitching, the discipline of the approach. ... He's got enough raw power to hit some home runs, but I wouldn't say that's their strength right now or their approach."
Whatever happens, if Newman can hit above .300 while sticking at shortstop and adding around 20 steals a season at every step of the Pirates ladder, they should make for a valuable asset in a system known for churning out a few over the last decade. For some, the continuation of that profile alone will make for a beautiful ink blot on its own.
"I'm not trying to change my swing to add power, but the extra weight will just add some without changing my mentality or approach," Newman said. "I'm still not trying to hit 25 bombs. I'm trying to be myself."
MIAMI—Telling members of the media Wednesday that the all-inclusive package has already proven popular with American vacationers, Royal Caribbean International discussed the launch last month of its newest cruise, a 12-day-long continuous buffet set up on the bare concrete floor of an abandoned dockside warehouse.
According to Royal Caribbean officials, the cruise's passengers mill around in a dilapidated shipping building on a Fort Lauderdale wharf and eat from a 400-foot-long buffet piled high with generous servings of coconut shrimp, macaroni salad, chicken fingers, and scores of other dishes. Spokespeople for the company confirmed the voyages are booked solid through January 2017.
Advertisement
“The new Dockside Getaway package has absolutely everything our customers want,” Royal Caribbean hospitality manager Michelle Nakamura told reporters, noting that prices for the all-you-can-eat warehouse-based vacation start at $549 before taxes and fees. “Guests simply board through the loading dock, drop their luggage anywhere inside the door, and all that's left to do is grab a plate and dig in for the next two weeks.”
“The response from passengers has been even more enthusiastic than we anticipated,” they continued. “We've already had to adjust our supply manifest to make sure we have enough freight containers of sour cream and bacon bits on hand to keep the baked-potato bar replenished.”
The massive buffet is believed to be the largest of any leisure cruise service currently in operation, both in terms of length and gross food tonnage. Nakamura touted several of its features, including 12 separate carving stations where passengers can sample prime rib, roast turkey, and glazed ham; eight make-your-own sundae bars; multi-tiered chocolate fountains in each of the dimly lit brick building's four corners; a small salad bar; and 40 square yards of counter space dedicated solely to various gravies and sauces.
Advertisement
The company reportedly conducted customer surveys and analyzed consumer data to create the Dockside Getaway, which lacks many of the traditional ocean liner amenities and attractions—such as onboard pools and nightly music and comedy performances—but is already said to be generating more revenue than any other Royal Caribbean cruise. Though each guest who books passage to the warehouse receives unlimited buffet privileges, those opting for the first-class package are granted extra perks, such as larger plates, larger bowls, and 48-ounce mugs for their soft drinks and juices.
Numerous Dockside Getaway patrons—who spoke to reporters over the noise of 5,000 fellow vacationers chewing, the clanking of steam trays, and the periodic sound of several pounds of fresh clam linguini, mini meatballs, or fried calamari being dumped onto the buffet—explained that the cruise was just the escape they were looking for.
“I felt a little sick the first day or two, but now I'm having an incredible time,” said 51-year-old Dennis Rathborn, an orthodontist from Baton Rouge, LA, who was on their 10th day of the vacation. “Today, my wife and I hit the omelet station in the morning and then got lunch over at the build-a-burger counter, where we met a real nice couple from Denver. Later on, we took a little stroll down to the dessert area and just hung out for a while enjoying our baked Alaskas.”
Advertisement
“The crew puts new stuff out every half hour or so, and you can go back up there as many times as you want,” they added. “I'm just sad we have to leave in a couple days. No question we're coming back, though.”
After piling their plates high with crab legs and French fries, several passengers were seen retreating to a darkened corner of the warehouse where they peeked out through a small air vent, catching a bit of a breeze and a glimpse of an old oil rig on a nearby commercial pier.
“I've never treated myself to a cruise before—I'm having the time of my life!” said Louise Hellinger, 65, a retired receptionist from Indianapolis. “Sometimes the lines get a little long for the breakfast buffet and when you get up there, there's only melon left. But if you're up and at 'em early enough, you sure can eat your money's worth!”
Advertisement
“The cheesecake goes fast,” added Hellinger, sitting down on a pile of old canvas tarps and tucking into a bowl of lobster bisque.
Citing the success of the Dockside Getaway package, Royal Caribbean has announced the launch of another new cruise wherein five pounds of heavy hors d'oeuvres will simply be shipped to each vacationer's home every day for two weeks.
Budding recovery signs in the US and Europe, a stable rupee and expanding budgets of clients have brought cheer to India's software services sector.
The iconic industry, which has fuelled aspirations for millions of middle-class Indians, is back in the job market as a hot recruiter.
Around 170,000 to 180,000 new people are expected to join the Indian IT industry during 2014-15. A significant majority of these are fresh pofessionals, not mid-level lateral recruits.
Among those most in demand include techies with expertise in social, mobility, analytics and cloud computing — the new frontiers in the IT industry.
Sample this: TCS, the largest in the club, plans to recruit 55,000 more; new Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka has reached out to former employees in an apparent attempt for them to return to their alma-mater; Cognizant has steadily increased its headcount over the last two quarters.
HCL Tech, Wipro, Tech Mahindra have also announced similar intent.
At present, the Indian IT industry employs around 3.1 million people.
There is a word of caution though. The hiring may be higher than last year, yet it remains conservative. So, only people with the desired and relevant skill sets are able to cut ice with IT majors who are now demanding much more from their employees.
Such is the demand for additional hands that most companies have deployed their “bench strength”— an IT industry descriptor for underemployment. Analysts said most companies already have an employee utilisation rate of 70-80%.
“Companies have peaked with their bench utilisation so the flexibility to leverage people is already gone. As the demand environment for IT outsourcing continues to grow, companies are hiring more people,” said Sangeeta Gupta, senior vice-president, research, Nasscom, an industry association of IT companies.
First Published: Aug 11, 2014 23:23 IST
Posted Wednesday, February 12, 2014 2:27 pm
Poverty is hard to define, I learned during a “Covering Suburban Poverty” conference sponsored by the Hofstra University Herbert School of Communications and the Poynter Institute last Sept. 26 and 27.
All of us carry images of what we think poverty looks like — the homeless who lug their meager belongings around in plastic bags and camp out in the woods; survivalists making do in ramshackle outposts deep within Appalachia; inner-city denizens holed up in burned-out tenements.
When you look closely, though, you begin to see that poverty — the inability to meet one's basic needs (food, clothing and shelter) — is a far more complex picture, with countless shades of gray. The poor often work long hours, trying desperately to make ends meet, but seldom, its seems, succeeding.
Poverty is especially hard to see in Nassau County, the 11th richest county in the U.S. Magnificent mansions dot many shoreline communities, and sleek sports cars fill the parking lots of high-end malls. But make no mistake: it's here, even in the heart of suburbia.
According to the 2012 New York State Community Action Association Poverty Report, more than 45,000 people live in poverty across Nassau, existing in survival mode, on the edge. They are young and old. They might be students, store clerks, unemployed executives or fixed-income retirees.
The Census Bureau's poverty threshold is $23,492 for a family of four, while nationally the average household income is $52,762. On Long Island, however, a family of four needs $94,567 a year to meet its basic needs, according to the Fiscal Policy Institute, a Washington-based nonpartisan, nonprofit think tank. Thus, a family's poverty threshold here is closer to $50,000.
“Living on the Edge,” an occasional series that the Herald begins this week, is about the challenges that people who are struggling to make ends meet face as they try to carve out a life in this very expensive place to live.
For part one of our series, "The young and the homeless," a look at teenage homelessness in Nassau County, click here.
When Jesus cleared the temple of the moneychangers and animal-sellers, They showed great emotion and anger (Matthew 21:12-13; Mark 11:15-18; John 2:13-22). Jesus' emotion was described as “zeal” for God's house (John 2:17). Their anger was pure and completely justified because at its root was concern for God's holiness and worship. Because these were at stake, Jesus took quick and decisive action. Another time Jesus showed anger was in the synagogue of Capernaum. When the Pharisees refused to answer Jesus' questions, “He looked around at them in anger, deeply distressed at their stubborn hearts” (Mark 3:5).Many times, we think of anger as a selfish, destructive emotion that we should eradicate from our lives altogether. However, the fact that Jesus did sometimes become angry indicates that anger itself, as an emotion, is amoral. This is borne out elsewhere in the New Testament. Ephesians 4:26 instructs us “in your anger do not sin” and not to let the sun go down on our anger. The command is not to “avoid anger” (or suppress it or ignore it) but to deal with it properly, in a timely manner. We note the following facts about Jesus' displays of anger:1) Their anger had the proper motivation. In other words, They were angry for the right reasons. Jesus' anger did not arise from petty arguments or personal slights against Him. There was no selfishness involved.2) Their anger had the proper focus. They were not angry at God or at the “weaknesses” of others. Their anger targeted sinful behavior and true injustice.3) Their anger had the proper supplement. Mark 3:5 says that Their anger was attended by grief over the Pharisees' lack of faith. Jesus' anger stemmed from love for the Pharisees and concern for their spiritual condition. It had nothing to do with hatred or ill will.4) Their anger had the proper control. Jesus was never out of control, even in Their wrath. The temple leaders did not like Their cleansing of the temple (Luke 19:47), but They had done nothing sinful. They controlled Their emotions; Their emotions did not control Him.5) Their anger had the proper duration. They did not allow Their anger to turn into bitterness; They did not hold grudges. They dealt with each situation properly, and They handled anger in good time.6) Their anger had the proper result. Jesus' anger had the inevitable consequence of godly action. Jesus' anger, as with all Their emotions, was held in check by the Word of God; thus, Jesus' response was always to accomplish God's will.When we get angry, too often we have improper control or an improper focus. We fail in one or more of the above points. This is the wrath of man, of which we are told “Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires” (James 1:19-20). Jesus did not exhibit man's anger, but the righteous indignation of God.
The problem at Anfield under Fenway Sports Group has never been the transfer objectives, whether it was the Director of Football model or the orthodoxy of an executive team working together to construct the squad. The recurring issue has been whether those in place are any good. Damien Comolli wasn't and whether those in place like it or not it's been a long wait for tangible evidence those currently entrusted to spend mega-millions are any more astute than the Frenchman.
Liverpool's have finished 6th and 8th since they sold Luis Suárez and the progress to the Europa League final could not disguise the flaws in the squad last season.
There was just praise for players such as Emre Can, Divock Origi, Nathaniel Clyne, Dejan Lovren (eventually) and Joe Gomez and Danny Ings (both seen all-too-briefly because of injury), but the league position was hardly vindication of the previous two years of squad reconstruction. These players might be really good, but we can't say that with certainty yet. Suspicion will linger until Liverpool start winning trophies and qualifying for the Champions League again.
For those responsible for all the deals post-Suárez, this has to be the season of maturity for the Liverpool squad, when the ‘get them in young and develop them policy' yields fruit. The glimpses of potential so reassuring in dispatches in games against Manchester City, Borussia Dortmund and Villarreal must morph into a consistent league campaign and successful, trophy-laden careers. By the next World Cup, the likes of Can, Clyne and Origi need to be starting for their country rather than sitting on the bench.
Klopp's own eye for talent can now be judged with their first statements of intent in the transfer market. The mocking of Mané for being yet another player from Southampton ignores the fact three of the previous four taken from St Mary's have turned out okay (although at a combined cost of around £70 million that's the least you'd expect). One suspects the desire to make it known Mané was a target two years ago is more about addressing the criticism Liverpool should be signing Southampton's choices before they get to Southampton rather than paying over double the price a few years later (we wait with baited breath for the £30m bid for Nathan Redmond in 2018).
The reality is Mané signing makes sense in balancing the squad, offering Liverpool an option they currently do not have.
Phil Jay
Former world champion Lucian Bute is under investigation following a positive drugs test in the wake of the Romanian-Canadian's clash with Badou Jack.
Bute challenged Jack for their coveted green belt last month and gave a credible performance in what seemed to be a victory for the champion.
Now, weeks later, the WBC have reported the presence of an adverse substance and have launched a formal inquiry into the test.
A statement sent to World Boxing News stated the following:
The World Boxing Council has been notified by the D. C. Boxing and Wrestling Commission about an adverse finding for the banned substance “Ostarine” in the post-fight anti-doping test from Lucien Bute.
Bute challenged Badou Jack for the WBC super middleweight championship in a fight which took place in Washington, D. C. on April 30, 2016 and resulted in a draw .
The D. C. Boxing and Wrestling Commission will follow its rules and regulations regarding antidoping and will be in consultation with the WBC and its Clean Boxing Program.
Further news will be known in the coming days – WBC
Bute is the latest in a long line of former and present champions to be under suspicion of doping as the sport faces up to a spate of questionable tests due to new and enhanced measures of detection.
AfterPod — Podcasting::Magazines
GluedToTheScreen Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 6, 2017
As a medium, podcasting is nuanced. First glance points to “radio-on-demand,” backed by much evidence… yet it is actually more like magazines, which paint a vivid picture using written words and visual images. Podcasts deliver verbal words and audio imagery. Both engage in a periodic, thematic, focused relationship with a self-selected repeat audience.
Podcasts, just like magazines, have evolved across the entire range of topics interesting to humans (including ourselves).
We are a curious lot. Some of us have interests quite narrow and, it seems, if someone is interested in it… someone else is, too… AND will talk/write about it. In fact, listeners/readers frequently have a choice among many voices within tiny niches! (Who would have thought?)
Picking up a magazine or downloading a podcast is a proactive decision and requires stronger interest to complete. Like a force of physics, a magnetism of sorts, this strong bond “moves” the producer and consumer closer together.
From Entertainment To Education
People engage with magazines in an entire spectrum of ways, from casual consumption to deep study… same with podcasts.
Some in the cumulative podcast audience “half-listen” (AKA: “listening with one ear”) like a few magazine “readers” quickly scan the pages (even from back-to-front!). Interestingly, even this group can be divided. Some, of course, are truly casual listeners/readers. Some, however, are actually “consumption experts” and have trained themselves to gather as much (or more) than many “very engaged” listeners/readers.
A hefty chunk of the total audience, both podcast and magazine, are in it for the information. They want to learn and, having found your content to be worthy, “tune in” with regularity… many with sincere anticipation, too. I believe people want to learn and are attracted to ANY quality resource introducing them to new ideas, no matter the medium.
From Rough To Polished
a diamond in the rough… is still a diamond
Magazines run the gamut, from cheaply produced and printed to painstakingly planned and artfully published. Podcasts are the same, some polished and produced with precision while others captured off-the-cuff with minimal “production values”. Some articles/shows are long, many are short. Some publications have consistent content creators and others rely on a rotation of contributors for the content. Success can be found virtually anywhere.
The audience for magazines is almost* the entire population. Even one who cannot read (or understand the language) can look at the pictures. Such sampling is not easily accomplished with podcasts. Yet.
Podcasts are available worldwide, in many languages. If a common language is individually selected, the cumulative potential audience for podcasts is nearly the entire population. One could also argue that, regardless of language, more people understand spoken word than written word.
In the end, paper magazines will still serve a niche (tactile adds feeling) but digital publications — especially audio and video — will dominate. The future is clearly online multimedia that all can enjoy.
I provide this comparison as simply one more reason to believe the ultimate “podcast audience” is EVERYONE.
To my surprise, the group that seems to push back the most on many aspects of this concept are… podcasters, themselves.
Exclusively for KHL.HR, the best Croatian hockey player, Borna Rendulić, will finally make their NHL debut and thus make their dreams become true. Colorado Avalanche will host the Nashville Predators at Pepsi Center tonight, starting at 9:00 PM ET. That's 3am CET.
“I'm all too happy! I've been waiting a long time for this and now finally the hard work pays off!”, commented Borna catching their breath.
They were in Grand Rapids with their Lake Erie Monsters when they found out they had to board the flight for Denver.
“The coach told me in the bus I've been called up and had to pack my stuff. The flight was waiting to take me to Denver. That's all I know for now.”
Their play in the Lake Erie Monsters earned them the chance to prove them under the big lights. Details are still undisclosed. Rendulić is expected to be in the fourth forward line.
“I expect to play in the fourth line, all I know for now is that I should play.”
Colorado is currently last in their Central division of the Western conference with 24 points out of 27 games. The Predators are coming with 36 points out of 26 games.
This will mark a historic moment in Croatian hockey – it will be the first time ever that a Croatian-born player will skate on the NHL ice.
Photo by. Davor Sajko/HRsport
John Mayer and longtime manager Michael McDonald of Mick Management have parted ways, according to two knowledgeable executives.
The split was finalized in the midst of the second leg of the John Mayer Live In Concert tour Tuesday night (Dec. 3), at the Schottenstein Center in Columbus, Ohio. Mayer has already been removed from Mick's artist roster on the company's website, which currently showcases other acts like Passion Pit, St. Lucia, Sharon Van Etten, Ray LaMontagne and the Walkmen (who last week announced an indefinite hiatus).
"After 13 years, John and I are parting ways," McDonald said in a statment. "It's been a magnificent journey, which began before their debut album, and along the way has included seven Grammy awards, years of massively successful tours around the world, and over 20 million albums sold. I hold John's talent in the highest regard and wish them nothing but the best."
A rep for Mayer declined comment.
McDonald formed Mick Management in 2001 with Mayer as a founding client. That was shortly after the launch of ATO Records, co-founded in 2000 by McDonald, Dave Matthews, Coran Capshaw and Chris Tetzeli. Most recently, they helped shepherd Mayer's return to touring after a forced hiatus sidelined them with surgery on their vocal cords from a severe tissue inflammation, also known as granuloma. John Mayer Live In Concert is their first tour in three years and supports “Paradise Valley,” which debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 in August. “Born And Raised,” Mayer's album issued in the midst of their vocal hiatus, became their third Billboard 200 chart-topper in May 2012.
The tour is currently wrapping up its second U.S. leg, which concludes Dec. 17 at Brooklyn's Barclays Center. That performance will mark the culmination of an Instagram contest sponsored by Citi (and hosted by Billboard - billboard.com/bklovesmayer). Mayer also recently participated in a Tumblr Q&A, dubbed "Dashboard Confessions," to promote the tour on Nov. 22 via their Tumblr Page.
Aside from the Instagram and Tumblr promotions, Mayer themselves has been absent from social media following a self-imposed exile from Twitter, having developed a reputation for off-color remarks in interviews with magazines like Playboy and Rolling Stone that began to detract from their music career.
"People misjudged the moment that I turned the corner on the person I was, and the music I wanted to make," Mayer told Billboard in a March cover story about the decision to not actively participate in their social media (the promotional @johnmayer Twitter account currently has 287,000 followers.)
They get slightly more personal on their Instagram account, however (@johnmayer, 284,000 followers), and recently debuted footage from the cover shoot for their single "Who You Love," a duet with girlfriend Katy Perry.
Up next for Mayer? A 2014 tour that starts in Australia and a proper radio push for “Who You Love,” which stands a good chance of becoming Mayer's biggest single in years, having candidly referred to “Born And Raised” recently as a “no-hit record.”
In a Billboard interview this August at Sony's New York headquarters, Mayer said of the duet: "When you first read the reports about [the duet], you'll think that it's a gimmick ... I love a good challenge and that's certainly one. But the hope is you hear it once because of the curiosity and then you go, 'Wow, I really like that. I could find a place for hearing that a lot more.'"
As the Cardinals head to the offseason looking for ways to improve on their division-winning team in 2015, looking at deficiencies in 2014 should shape the team's wants. For the Cardinals, that deficiency is power. The Cardinals ranked last in the National League in home runs with 105, tenth in slugging percentage at .342, and second-to-last in isolated slugging (SLG-BA) with .116. Finding a power hitter, either in free agency or through the trade market, could greatly help the team as there is little in the way of internal options. Evan Gattis, primarily a catcher, could be available this winter.
For those unfamiliar with Gattis, they look an awful lot like a player the Cardinals currently have under contract. Consider the following career lines:
PA HR BA OBP SLG wRC+ Evan Gattis 783 43 0.253 0.304 0.487 117 Matt Adams 973 34 0.283 0.323 0.465 119
Gattis has shown a little more power, while Adams has the higher batting average, but their walk rates (5.5% for both) and strikeout rates (22.7% for Adams, 22.4% for Gattis) are very similar. Gattis, 28, is two years older than Adams, but the two players have the same amount of service time. Both are headed into their final year before salary arbitration and the teams control both players through 2018. Gattis is older due to an incredible comeback after giving up the game of baseball and finding themselves with little direction in life. After high school, Gattis told MLB teams they wanted to go to college, and had a scholarship to Texas A&M to play catcher except they never showed up, opting for a drug and alcohol rehabilitation clinic. From the linked USAToday article:
They tried college again at Seminole State Junior College in Oklahoma but, after redshirting as a first-year student, played half a season and gave up on baseball and dropped out of school. Gattis says they spent the next four years working as a car valet in Dallas; a ski lift operator at the Eldora Mountain Resort in Colorado and Taos, N.M; a pizza cook at Nick-N-Willy's in Boulder, Colo.; a housekeeper at the Abominable Snowmansion hostel in Taos, and another in Flagstaff, Ariz.; a machinery operator at Kimbrell's Kustom Machine Shop in Garland, Texas; a golf cart attendant at the Firewheel Golf Course in Garland and a janitor for Jan-Pro Cleaning Systems in Plano, Texas.
Aside from their ages, there are two main differences between Adams and Gattis. The first is that Gattis bats right-handed. While they do great damage against left-handers with a career 138 wRC+ in 177 plate appearances, they can still hold their own against righties, with a wRC+ of 111 in 606 PAs. Gattis did struggle in the second half of 2014, but an injury and bad luck might have played a role in their second half numbers (89 wRC+).
The other major difference between Gattis and Adams is defense. Gattis came up as a catcher and has started 127 games behind the plate over the last two seasons. They also have 47 starts in the outfield and four starts at first base. They do not have enough starts in the outfield to gain any meaningful insight into their numbers there, but they are listed at 6'4" and 260 pounds. Their ability to handle the outfield as a regular starter is definitely in question.  They are likely a better fit at first base (or designated hitter), but has been unable to get much experience at first with Freddie Freeman playing all 162 games last season.
Gattis could be made available this winter because of the presence of Christian Bethancourt, who got experience at catcher in 2014 when Gattis went down with a back injury. If the Braves feel Bethancourt is ready to take over full-time catching duty, the Braves could still keep Gattis. From the linked AJC article:
Trade one or more from their current outfield of the Uptons and Jason Heyward and move Gattis to left field, where they actually made more starts than they did at catcher as a rookie in 2013. Corner outfielders Justin Upton and Heyward are eligible for free agency after the 2015 season, and the Braves probably can't afford to keep more than one in a long-term extension.
The same article indicates the Braves believe Gattis could get better in the outfield over time, but their ceiling there is not high given their frame. Gattis' value might not be higher than it is right now if they will not spend a lot of time behind the plate in 2015. Gattis is not a great receiver behind the plate and has not done a good job blocking pitches, but has shown to be a decent framer, making them a roughly average catcher according to the advanced metrics available at Baseball Prospectus.
Fitting Gattis on the Cardinals would require creativity and put the Cardinals down a few paths they may not be ready to go. In order to get Gattis enough plate appearances to be worth a trade, they would need to get them at least 40 games at catcher and at first base. Doing the former means finally reducing the playing time for Yadier Molina so that they can stay fresh, something the Cardinals have been unable to do over the past few years aside from time on the disabled list. Doing the latter means putting to bed the idea that Adams will be effective against left-handed pitchers.
Gattis will still need time in the outfield in order to make a trade worthwhile.  They are a power bat, a rare commodity in this era of declining offense, and they will likely be high in cost. Their trade value is at least equivalent to Matt Adams, perhaps higher, and American League teams might have more interest given the availability of the designated hitter. The Cardinals would need to have a plan in place if it is willing to give up important pieces for Gattis. If they do not think they can find playing time for Gattis, they are better off pursuing other opportunities.
There are “ominous” signs that Wilfrid Laurier University's independent fact-finding investigation of the Lindsay Shepherd affair is aiming its guns at none other than Lindsay Shepherd herself.
Shepherd is the 22-year-old graduate student and teaching assistant who last month was reamed out by their supervisors for having shown two classes a video excerpt of the controversial University of Toronto psychology professor Dr. Jordan Peterson discussing the new gender-neutral pronouns in a televised debate.
Now, the National Post has learned, despite public proclamations that suggest the investigation is aimed at merely gathering the facts
of Shepherd's browbeating, the investigator themselves says they have been “retained to an independent, confidential fact-finding exercise with respect to employment-related matters” arising out of the Shepherd tutorials.
As a TA, of course, Shepherd is an employee of the university.
In none of University president Deb MacLatchy's several press releases on the subject was there any mention of the investigator's task being employment-related.
Howard Levitt, the well-known Toronto employment lawyer who represents Shepherd pro bono, wrote Rob Centa, the lawyer Laurier hired to conduct the investigation, last weekend, asking for the details of the complaint or complaints made against them
In reply, Centa told them “I do not believe there is a document that contains a ‘complaint' made about Ms. Shepherd nor is there anything I would describe as a formal complaint under any WLU policy.”
But perhaps most surprisingly, Centa also answered Levitt's question about the terms of their mandate by saying it is an employment-related matter.
“It's certainly ominous,” Levitt told the Post in a phone interview Wednesday. They said it sounds like the university is taking “a backend run” at her, and that he's advising Shepherd not to meet Centa.
“I think it's a trap,” Levitt said.
Centa told the Post Wednesday evening in a brief phone call that they appreciated the opportunity to comment but “there's nothing I can say,” including answering the question the Post put to him, which was, “Whose employment” is they investigating?
But Levitt isn't the only one troubled by the way the university's two-pronged approach to the Shepherd affair – the Centa review and a task force that will examine the intersection of free speech and diversity rights – remains opaque.
Shepherd themselves was nominated to the task force, but the Graduate Students Union then decided its president would represent “all voices” of graduate students – this at the same time they expressed support for how the “lived experiences of transgender and non-binary students” have been discounted in the Shepherd narrative and acknowledged that harm has been caused to some students.
Then the Nov. 30 deadline for applying to sit on the task force was extended, and pleas from Laurier professor David Haskell, for instance, to publicly post the applications hasn't yet seen results.
Haskell, a digital media/journalism associate professor, was also alarmed by MacLatchy's recent appearance on TVO's The Agenda (the same show that aired the controversial Peterson debate). Host Steve Paikin asked directly if MacLatchy thought Shepherd did anything wrong, and the Laurier president dodged the question.
Also on Wednesday, MacLatchy issued “a message of support for the LGBTQ2 community” in which they pledged the school would remain a safe and engaging place for all students.
Andrew Robinson, associate professor and program coordinator of “Human Rights and Human Diversity” at Laurier, says they are troubled by the fact that the complaint process doesn't appear to explain the Centa review.
Under the school's 29-page “gendered and sexual violence policy and procedures,” students can either disclose an incident of violence, make a report or file an official complaint.
Only the latter two methods appear to generate a paper trail.
I do not believe there is a document that contains a 'complaint' made about Ms. Shepherd
Yet with Centa saying there was no formal complaint, and the policy saying only official complaints can generate an investigation, Robinson asks, “If there was an official complaint, why isn't Lindsay being provided with a copy of it? And if there wasn't … why is the university conducting an investigation of Lindsay's tutorial at all?”
Levitt says he's not before had a case quite like this. “This is the new age,” they said. “Political correctness is descending into all strata of society.”
Shepherd was summoned to a meeting the week after the tutorials with their supervising professor, Nathan Rambukkana, their program co-ordinator, Herbert Pimlott, and Adria Joel, acting manager of the school's “Gendered Violence Prevention and Support” program.
At the meeting, which Shepherd recorded, they were told they had legitimized Peterson's view by not first denouncing it (“it basically was like … neutrally playing a speech by Hitler…” Rambukkana famously said), was identified as “transphobic” and told that they must not show any more controversial videos in class and that they should submit their lessons plans to Rambukkana in advance.
Shepherd later released the entire recording publicly, and once people heard with their own ears the condescending and hectoring tone of their professors, there was a huge outcry both on and off campus about their treatment and the university's dubious commitment to the principles of free speech and debate.
• Email: cblatchford@postmedia.com | Twitter: blatchkiki
• Manchester United player has torn medial collateral ligament in their right knee • Midfielder suffered injury in Germany training in run-up to England friendly
Bastian Schweinsteiger has suffered a partial tear of the medial collateral ligament in their right knee that could rule the Manchester United midfielder out for the rest of the season and Euro 2016.
Six into five will not go as Roy Hodgson begins final sift of England strikers | Daniel Taylor Read more
The DFB, German football's governing body, confirmed they had torn the ligament in a statement after Schweinsteiger flew from Berlin to Munich to undergo an MRI scan.
The Germany captain suffered the problem during training with the national team on Tuesday and is the latest blow to the 31-year-old as they have struggled with fitness this season.
The statement said: “World Cup winner Schweinsteiger sustained the injury to their right knee on Tuesday afternoon toward the end of the training session.”
Schweinsteiger had only just returned from a knee injury that ruled them from 9 January. They previously suffered a groin problem in October and was unable to start United's opening three games of the campaign because of a lack of match fitness, having also taken a knock during the club's pre-season tour.
Arsenal's Mesut Özil also missed training with an ankle problem as Germany continued to prepare for Saturday's friendly against England in Berlin. Özil sustained a knock in the Gunners' 2-0 victory at Everton on Saturday.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has described such moves against their then-party and its affiliates as "victimization" of Euroskeptic parties | Frederick Florin/AFP via Getty Images European Parliament suspends UKIP group's funding over kickbacks claim Finance chiefs claim think tank awarded contracts to donors.
STRASBOURG — The European Parliament suspended payment of some €90,000 to a think tank linked to Nigel Farage's UKIP because of suspicions that it obtained donations via improper means, according to a document obtained by POLITICO.
In the latest of a series of financial setbacks to hit Euroskeptic parties and associated bodies over allegations of misuse of public funds, the UKIP-linked Institute for Direct Democracy in Europe (IDDE) could be deprived of €88,924.58 in funding due to the suspension approved by Parliament's leaders.
Last month, the Parliament sought to recover €173,000 in funding from the Alliance for Direct Democracy in Europe (ADDE) group of MEPs, of which UKIP is the dominant member, and suspended payment of €501,000 in grants. The Parliament has also sought to recover €339,000 from Marine Le Pen, leader of France's National Front.
Several other MEPs, including Marine Le Pen's father Jean-Marie, three others in the National Front and former UKIP leader Nigel Farage, have also faced requests to reimburse money to parliament. Le Pen's lawyer said they would appeal the reimbursement order, and that they expected parliament to move to recover funds by docking their pay and expenses, as it did in the case of their father.
This clawback of European Parliament cash by President Martin Schulz and Manfred Weber, leader of the center-right European People's Party, is the first crackdown against populist groups that use Parliament money to fund Euroskeptic causes.
A senior parliamentary source said top MEPs meeting in Strasbourg this week had decided to suspend grants to the Institute and cut off funds for the Organization for European Interstate Cooperation (OEIC), another Euroskeptic body. It was not immediately possible to verify the claim against the OEIC nor to determine how much money was involved.
A representative for ADDE said Parliament's accusation was baseless, while Farage has described such moves against UKIP and its affiliates as "victimization" of Euroskeptic parties.
In the case of IDDE, which describes itself as a think tank, the Parliament is concerned about how it obtained private donations. In order to qualify for grants from the Parliament, groups and foundations must prove they are able to raise a minimum amount of funding from private sources.
Checks by the Parliament's finance chiefs on IDDE funding "revealed serious concerns about the qualification of the donations as 'own resources' — a criterion that needs to be fulfilled in order to receive funding by the European Parliament," read the document signed by the Parliament's top staffer, Secretary General Klaus Welle.
"It is also doubtful the related expenses paid to the donors or to companies with close links to the donors can be considered eligible expenditure," said the document, which was dated December 5 and titled "Note to the members of the bureau."
The finance department suspects the Institute accepted donations from firms and individuals, only to pay the money back using cash from the Parliament by awarding them contracts that far exceeded the amount they had donated.
In one such example, the document alleged that Kristina Pentti, executive director of the Libera Foundation in Helsinki, had donated €12,000 to IDDE. In 2015, Libera received three payments worth a total of €20,000 from IDDE in order to carry out unspecified work.
The Euroskeptic parties targeted argue that they are being persecuted for practices that are no different from those of more mainstream groups.
Another example mentioned in the document involves a firm called Jalte Holding, which donated €10,000 to IDDE while its director Jorg Altenburg gave €5,000. A web design firm, whose director is Sander van den Broek, donated €5,000. IDDE later awarded a €30,000 contract to a firm called Quid Novi whose director, Eline van den Broek-Altenburg, is listed on Facebook as being the sister of Sander van den Broek and the wife of Jorg Altenburg.
The document said the Parliament was considering bringing the case to the attention of OLAF, the EU's anti-fraud watchdog. It was only suspending payments and not seeking to recover more than €580,000 already paid to the foundation in recent years because of the "risk that it might be impossible to recover the paid amounts due."
The Euroskeptic parties targeted argue that they are being persecuted for practices that are no different from those of more mainstream groups.
Mischaël Modrikamen, vice president of ADDE, said they were not aware of all the details of the probe into the UKIP-related Institute, but added that both the their parliamentary group and the Institute itself planned to appeal Parliament's decisions. There was "no deal" between the Institute and donors to set up a system of kickbacks, and all contracts awarded were approved by Parliament's compliance office, they said.
"There is a desire to liquidate them [Euroskeptic groups], to make them pay for Brexit," Modrikamen said. "But I have never seen such disdain and violation of the rules and total absence of any normal process."
Authors:
Mani Shankar Aiyar was among the rare Indian politicians who had consistently
spoken against India's highhandedness during the five months of border blockade. The former cabinet minister in Manmohan Singh government has since been a vocal critic of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's neighborhood policy. The veteran diplomat and writer sat down for a conversation with Republica's Biswas Baral about PM Modi's Nepal policy,
India's concerns over China's role in Nepal and the future of SAARC, among other issues.
What is your evaluation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Nepal policy, particularly surrounding the border blockade of 2015-16?
They at that time seemed to have forgotten that Nepal is a sovereign country and was treating Nepal as if it was a recalcitrant Indian state. It is perfectly legitimate for us to have concerns about a neighboring country. There are appropriate channels through which our messages can be communicated. But we cannot force another country to go against its own perception of what is in its national interest. Pakistan collapsed into military rule because it took them nine years to form a constitution. And here we were in Nepal, which had not been able to put together a constitution for seven years (after the 2008 CA elections). Astonishingly, different constituencies got together and a constitution got finally drafted in 2015.
An objection to that constitution could have been that there were a substantial number of people in Tarai who had not gotten a just deal. But then there was a provision in the new constitution whereby the Constituent Assembly would continue to function as a parliament so that there could be further changes in the constitution. And Mr Modi had at that time promoted 120th amendment to our India's constitution. If we can fiddle with our own constitution so many times and it still remains the same constitution, why couldn't we trust Nepalis to do the same?
And to send our foreign secretary as a special envoy to Nepal when the date for promulgation of the constitution had already been set and for them to behave so badly in Nepal, it must have been on the instruction of the Prime Minister (Modi). So if there was one way of aggravating the problem, it was Modi's way. The practical and constructive way could have been that you respect the Nepalis and their sovereignty and communicate to them that as a neighboring country India has some concerns. So it was very-very wrong what happened then. I think it was very generous of the Nepali leaders, including the previous Prime Minister (KP Sharma Oli) to come to India and to engage with Mr Modi. The only way of maintaining special relations with India's smaller neighbors is to be courteous to them, to ensure that their dignity is respected and so is their sovereignty.
But the dominant view in Indian media at that time was that India must at any cost stand for the rights of the Madheshi people.
India is a separate country. We were not participants in the making of the Nepali constitution. We certainly are not the chosen representatives of the Madheshi people. The chosen representatives of the Madheshi people were those 110-odd Madheshi lawmakers who voted in favor of the constitution. So if changes need to be made, let them be made by Nepali people themselves. We have major problems in India, including in my state of Tamil Nadu, which was once fighting for separation from India. But we sorted it out. Do you think we want someone from Nepal to tell us how to handle Nagaland? So I think it is very-very wrong for us to be champions of one section of Nepali people. We should rather be champions of Nepali sovereignty and of Nepali good sense. If we have any advice, it should be given quietly. We shouldn't be seen as participants in Nepali politics. We should not try to be an imperial power telling Nepalis what is good for Nepal.
In your view has there been a substantive change in India's policy towards Nepal since the time of Modi's inauguration as prime minister?
What happened back then (at the time of the blockade) was a serious aberration caused by a communal mindset, which thinks of Nepal as a Hindu country and India as a senior Hindu country, which wants to fetch up in Janakpur and distribute cycles to Nepali girls. Is this the way you treat Nepal?
When they first went to Nepal, Modi made much of the fact that they had gone while their immediate predecessor (Manmohan Singh) never went. But they (Singh) didn't go because you were a country without a constitution and arguments over the constitution were dividing your people. For an Indian prime minister to turn up in the middle of this and to ask to take sides and be criticized if they took sides, and criticized even more if they didn't take sides, it was just not the right thing to do.
What Modi did was show immaturity and arrogance, just the qualities Indians should never show on Nepal, not the least the prime minister.
You have also written of how Modi has pushed Nepal towards China. Given India's recent highhandedness there is a growing perception in Nepal that perhaps China is a better friend of Nepal compared to India…
….because there are no Madheshis in China.
Not just that. It is also said that unlike India, China does not impose conditionalities on Nepal and that it is more reliable with its bilateral projects.
Consider all the advantages that Nepal has with India. There are no Nepali contingents in the Chinese army. You don't have a free border with China. You don't have a right whereby every Nepali can work in China. You can't invest freely in China. So unlike China, India has a very positive relation with Nepal. What I object to is Mr Modi stamping on this special relationship and forcing Nepal to behave as if there is an alternative to India. China is not an alternative to India. China is rather a supplement to India. Geography prevents you from having as close a relation with China as you have with India. Nepal is bound to India by geography, by religion, by culture, and civilizational ties. But instead of being self-confident, why should India make Nepal choose between India and China? Yet, like I said, China cannot offer what India has to offer to Nepal. The best way of keeping Nepal on our side is through ties of friendship and affection and mutual respect and total respect for your sovereignty.
Didn't Prime Minister Narendra Modi start on the right footing in the neighborhood by inviting all SAARC heads of state to their swearing-in ceremony? And how do you evaluate their neighborhood policy since?
First, in regard to the invitation of SAARC heads to their swearing-in, didn't it look a bit like holding a durbar? Modi has proved that while other countries have PMs, we have an EM, an events manager. So they organize these things, but they are without either depth or substance. They start dialogue with Pakistan, but doesn't tell the Pakistanis that this is on the condition of its breaking its connection with Hurriyat. This relationship was first promoted by a BJP prime minister, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, and as a result we have had a breakdown in our relation with Pakistan. Modi goes to Nepal and is received perhaps better than any Indian prime minister has ever been, and then they kick you in the teeth. This is not the way to run foreign policy.
Modi also went to Sri Lanka, but has any headway been made in resolving the ethnic problems there? Even the deal on land boundaries with Bangladesh had been worked out long ago. Modi only gave it their final signature. Modi has a tendency of denying the contribution of their predecessor and claiming all the credit for himself. Still, Bangladesh is the relationship that has shown most improvement in the past two and half years. So far as Bhutan and Afghanistan are concerned, they have always had very good ties with India. Overall, I would say there has been no tectonic change in our relationship with any country in South Asia.
Given the recent Indian efforts to isolate Pakistan in SAARC, it is now said that SAARC as an idea is dead and we should now rather look to nurture sub-regional groups.
SAARC has always permitted sub-groups so there is as such nothing new in the idea of sub-regional cooperation. But SAARC will always be an ineffective entity so long as there is no sense of unity in South Asia. But I don't think SAARC is dead either. It's rather in the ICU.
Do you envision a SAARC without Pakistan?
No, it makes no sense. Pakistan is a part of South Asia. You cannot wish it away. In fact, I would go a step further and say that China should be a part of SAARC, perhaps not the whole of China but the Tibet Autonomous Region certainly. So if you can do the impossible and make China a part of SAARC, then I think we would be able to kill lots of birds with one stone.
We also got to read in the Indian press at the time of the blockade that while the new constitution in Nepal had honored the sensitivities of the Chinese it had ignored those of India. Do you think this was the reason for the blockade?
The blockade, as you put it, happened because Mr Modi was trying to win an election in Bihar. And it serves them right that they were badly defeated there. You can't use foreign policy to serve your domestic interest. So your question on Chinese sensitivities is irrelevant. There is the biggest mountain in the world between Nepal and China. It is a Nepali fantasy that India's role in Nepal is being equated with China's role in Nepal. So why should I worry? So instead of making China an issue in Nepal-India relation, I self-confidently say that India's relation with Nepal is far too strong for it to be replaced by Nepal-China relation.
During ex-Prime Minister KP Oli's China visit Xi Jinping had proposed the idea of trilateral Nepal-India-China cooperation. What do you make of the idea?
I am in favor of all kind of cooperation within South Asia, between South Asia and Central Asia and indeed any cooperation at pan-Asian level. India was the first country to propose a pan-Asian conference in 1947. And yet we remain the most divided continent in the world. The Africans have the African Union, the Europeans have the European Union, the Organization of American State has been in existence since the late 1940s, but Asia is divided. In fact, Asia means different things in different parts of the world. In fact, the Americans don't even regard Nepal as an Asian country. So I welcome all initiatives at bringing Asia together.
What is your take on China's One-Road-One-Belt initiative? Apparently India is putting pressure on Nepal not to sign on the initiative.
I don't know what the Indian government's view is, but I do know that there are some apprehensions in India about OBOR. But there are so many positive characteristics of OBOR. We should try to take advantage of this Chinese initiative instead of impotently opposing it. Dozens of countries are welcoming it. So what do we gain by opposing it?
So in your view the OBOR proposal has been made in good faith?
There is no such thing as good faith in these kinds of political moves. They may have other objectives in mind. But I also don't think we should be making an issue of it.
Some Chinese scholars I recently spoke were concerned about growing strategic ties between India and the US, say in their dealing with Nepal, with the ultimate goal of ‘encircling' China. Do you buy this?
Even when I was a cabinet minister (between 2004 and 2009) I had serious reservations about strategic ties between India and the US. In all these strategic relations, the US has a clear concept of its strategic interest, and it's a narrow concept, and they like to impose it on their allies. So it's an unequal partnership between India and the US. And I certainly don't share any US strategic objective to contain China. The best option is for India to maintain best of relations with China and with Pakistan.
Coming back to Nepal-India ties, do you think there has been a realization in New Delhi that perhaps it went too far in 2015 when it imposed the blockade?
This question presumes that it was India which imposed the blockade. But it was a blockade largely mounted by Nepalis of the lowlands against their own government, which India did nothing to break, and hence became a sleeping partner. But I object to the term ‘Indian blockade'. It was a blockade in which we acquiesced, which was wrong on our part. But I don't think it has left lasting impressions. The India visits of the then Nepali prime minister, as well as their successor, have helped to smoothen the path. I think time has come to put the blockade behind us and for Nepal to accept that it has told its own people that it is open to make changes in the constitution. India, like I said, needs to deal with Nepal from a position of self-confidence so as to thwart any evil intent that the Chinese might have over Nepal. But I am not at all sure that the Chinese have such bad intent.
When you say India should accept Nepal's sovereignty unconditionally are you suggesting that New Delhi should exclusively deal with Kathmandu rather than individual political actors in Nepal?
Not at all. If I respect the sovereignty of Britain, does it mean I can't visit Nottingham? Does it mean I can't listen to what the Welsh have to say? So when I say respect the sovereignty of Nepal, it extends throughout the country, not just Kathmandu. Our intergovernmental relations should be between the two capitals. But the relation between the two countries should be a relationship in which any concerns that we have can get conveyed to you in the hope that it will work itself out.
WB
Our man Marlowe comes home from a sexually charged confrontation with Vivian Sternwood to find Carmen Sternwood, Vivian's sister, giggling and stark naked in their bed. Marlowe notes that "The Sternwood girls were giving me both barrels that night." They then orders Carmen Sternwood to get dressed and get out.
As far as our ongoing discussions , the telling moment is here:
It's so hard for women—even nice women—to realize that their bodies are not irresistible.
Marlowe later describes Carmen Sternwood's nude body as "corrupt," and still later remarks on their attempts to seduce them and the lack of effect. I've had the privilege of reading The Big Sleep, between bouts of dabbling with the new Kendrick Lamar. Both works are technically impressive. And both have a hot throbbing core of misogyny. Lamar's misogyny is more profane, but it's no more intense. I think to understand misogyny one has to grapple with the conflict between male mythology and male biology. There is something deeply scary about the first time a young male experiences ans erection. All the excitement and hunger and throbbing that people is there. But with that comes a deep, physical longing. Whether or not that longing shall be satiated is not totally up to the male. Erection is not a choice. It happens to men whether they like it or not. It happens to young boys in the morning whether they have dreamed about sex or not. It happens to them in the movies, in gym class, at breakfast, during sixth period Algebra. It happens in the presence of humans who they find attractive, and it happens in the presence of humans whom they claim are not attractive at all. It is provoked by memory, by perfume, by song, by laughter and by absolutely nothing at all. Erection is not merely sexual desire, but the physical manifestation of that desire. Masculinity's central tenet is control—and perhaps most importantly, control of the body. Nothing contradicts that edict like erections. It unmans you, it compels you through sensations you scarcely understand. And it threatens to expose you, to humiliates you, in front of everyone. Laugh now at the boy at the middle school dance, who gets an erection on the slow number (God help them if they have orgasm.) But they do not forget that laughter, nor do they forget what prompted it. That boy is going to be a rapper. Or a painter. Or an author of fictions where men are men and somehow are invulnerable to the humiliating effects of the female form.
I think Marlowe doth protest too much. As do rappers who, within the first bar, assure us of their pimp status and thus reconstitute themselves not as mortal hetero men who slave before women, but as street gods who are enslavers of women. The two approaches are different. Marlowe is too noble, too certain, too be seduced. Biggie stayed gucci down to the socks, and thus wielded the power to make women as vulnerable as a man—black and ugly as ever—might themselves have felt as a child.
The problem is that men can be hurt. Men can be rejected. More, men have no right to what they are raised to consider simple sustenance. In effect they must live as some approximation of what they imagine the weaker half to be. Women must live with sexual vulnerability, with the threat of rape. This makes a kind of sense when the whole society says you are weak. But how do you live with vulnerability when your identity is rooted in impossible strength? Being raped and being refused are not the same thing. But the tyrant's gaze must be absolute, or it must not be at all.
Marlowe is forever slapping some woman, or seducing somebody's wife within minutes of meeting her, or declaring their sexual invulnerability to still another woman, or berating some man for being gay—and thus being a woman. At all events, Marlowe triumphs with their unhurtable manhood intact:
They looked at me under their long lashes. This was the look that was supposed to make me roll over on my back.
If she's as beautiful as you claim, Marlowe, and if you are the man you claim, then you dream of them rolling you over on your back. It's not up to you.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The man Donald Trump has chosen to direct health policy for the federal government has close ties to the tobacco industry they will be charged with regulating. Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), who was confirmed as health and human services secretary by a 52-47 vote in the Senate early Friday morning, has repeatedly voted against bills that could harm big tobacco. At the same time, he's received thousands of dollars in political contributions from the industry and held investments in tobacco companies—investments they say they didn't know about.
Early in Barack Obama's presidency, Congress renewed the State Children's Health Insurance Program. In order to pay for the program, lawmakers raised cigarette taxes by 62 cents per pack and cigar taxes by 40 cents per cigar. Price blasted the new fees. “Today's tax hike serves as a useful reminder that the president is comfortable raising taxes on hard-working Americans to feed their reckless agenda,” Price said in an April 2009 statement. “President Obama has done nothing to demonstrate that they are a responsible flight attendant of taxpayer money. Yet, they are forcing the American people to burn through even more of their income in the name of more government.”
A few months later, Congress passed the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act, which empowered the Food and Drug Administration to regulate tobacco products. (The Supreme Court had ruled in 2000 that the FDA did not have that authority under existing law.) The legislation has enabled the agency to ban certain flavored cigarettes that might entice young people to begin smoking. It also allows the FDA to require additional warnings on packages.
“How do you square reaping personal financial gain from the sales of an addictive product that kills millions of Americans every decade with also voting against measures to reduce the death toll inflicted by tobacco?”
Price joined most Republicans in voting against the FDA legislation. But thanks to that bill, as health secretary, they will now have immense influence over how the tobacco industry operates. (The FDA is part of the Department of Health and Human Services.) In 2011, the Obama administration proposed adding graphic warning labels—including images of diseased mouths and lungs—to the top half of cigarette packs. After a drawn-out legal battle, the courts ultimately upheld the FDA's ability to regulate tobacco packaging but struck down that specific version of the rule.* Following several years of inaction by the administration, a collection of medical and public health groups, including the American Cancer Society, sued the government last fall in an attempt to force it to finalize the new label requirements. Once he's in place at HHS, Price can ask the FDA to move forward with the new rules, weaken them, or abandon them altogether.
The conservative website Hot Air celebrated the latter possibility when Price's nomination was announced in November. “Fortunately for all of us, most of the sore spots on the HHS and FDA regulatory front don't require cooperation from Congress or the courts,” the site said, pointing to regulations on cigars and electronic cigarettes. “These are things which can essentially be tidied up with a stroke of the pen once Trump and Price are in office.”
Price has benefited from numerous tobacco industry donations during their political career. Back when they were a state legislator in Georgia in 1998, Philip Morris gave Price's campaign $300. More recently, the PAC for Altria Group, parent company to Philip Morris, donated $18,000 to Price's congressional campaigns. From 2008 to 2012, Price also received $19,000 from the PAC of RJ Reynolds, the company behind Camel and other cigarette brands.
Price's office did not respond to a request for comment.
Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn) raised concerns about Price's personal investments in tobacco companies during their confirmation hearing last month. According to Price's financial disclosure forms, they sold off 768 shares in Altria and Philip Morris International for $37,000 in 2012. (Altria owns the American Phillip Morris brand. Phillip Morris International has been a separate company since 2008.) Franken started by asking Price to identify the “leading cause of preventable death” and then informed them that it was smoking.
“That hits home,” Price replied. “I lost my dad, who was a Lucky Strike smoker from World War II, to emphysema. They prided themselves on the fact that they never smoked a cigarette with a filter for years and years.”
Franken expressed surprise that Price, a physician, would invest in products that lead to the deaths of about 480,000 people in the country each year. “Congressman Price, you're a physician, which means you took the Hippocratic oath, a pledge to do no harm,” Franken said. “How do you square reaping personal financial gain from the sales of an addictive product that kills millions of Americans every decade with also voting against measures to reduce the death toll inflicted by tobacco?”
“It's a curious observation,” Price responded, claiming that they had “no idea” about the stocks they owned; they suggested that they were purchased by a mutual fund or pension plan they had invested in. The tobacco investments were publicly disclosed in their financial report, and at other points in their hearing they acknowledged that they had the ability to direct their stock broker on other investments they held.
“I find it very hard to believe that you did not know that you had tobacco stocks,” Franken responded.
Watch the full exchange above.
The description of legal decisions on the FDA's rule has been corrected. The story has also been updated following Price's confirmation.
Transcript for Kid News Anchor Video 'Apparently' Goes Viral
Everybody, this morning on open Mike a very special guest, the kid news anchor. He's going viral. 5-year-old Noah Ritter from potstown, Pennsylvania, was asked by a reporter about an amusement ride they had just taken at the county fair. Let me show you their tape. It was great and apparently I've never been on live television before. But apparently sometimes I don't watch the -- I don't watch the news because I'm a kid and apparently every time -- apparently grandpa just gives me a remote I have to watch the powerball. Powerball. Powerball. Well, we got them live, everybody. There they are. Hello, Noah. How are you, my friend? How are you doing, Noah? Good. Well, how did it feel to see yourself on TV for the first time? It was great. It is so -- it is so great because I've really never had any people like me. Friends were -- are you kidding me? So now you're a celebrity. How does it feel to be a celebrity since you're a celebrity now? Well, it is good. It is great. It is great. And I know you're -- I know you're a part of the giants but I used to like the giants but my grandfather brainwashed me into liking the steelers. You tell your grandfather they are absolutely wrong for that. I will not forgive them but you know what, you haven't brainwa brainwashed us. You charmed yourself into our hearts because we think you're awesome. Sometimes I -- You love dinosaurs. Brainwashed me to like to die Sawyers but I brainwashed myself to like dinosaurs. So what do you want to be when you grow up? Never laughing. They can hear you guys laughing. Told you I'm going to be a paleontologist. They study and -- wow. They study sign daughters. They study lots and lots of different types of dinosaurs. And now I also -- I heard you love to swim. Is that true? Yes. I'm a very good swimmer. Do you think if I came out there that you could be beat me? Yeah, I'm a great swimmer. A water race is great. You know what -- I hear you laughing. You're a great talker too, Noah. I think you could be a TV news reporter, Noah. Would you consider that as a profession when you grow up? No, I'm being a paleontologist. Don't talk them out of being a paleontologist. Amy. You know, Noah, tick to your guns. I think you would be great at anything you do, my friend. Everybody that is my friend, Noah, he's awesome.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
A male teacher in Oregon put their thoughts on rape culture, a concept they find "dubious," in a lengthy memo and decided to share it with students. As the Oregonian reported, the move did not go over well.
On May 2, history teacher David Lickey drafted a three-page opinion essay on the "theoretical construct" that is rape culture. It subsequently circulated throughout Portland's Grant High School.
The Oregonian reported the teacher's motive in writing the essay was unclear, but according to an email Mic received from a student at the school, Lickey wrote the memo in response to a discussion that took place in another teacher's English class. Lickey walked in to get documents from the photocopier, overheard a conversation they aren't part of and decided to offer their opinion. Lacking the time to fully explain himself, they later elaborated on their position in writing. The students then used the paper as a counterpoint in their discussion of rape culture, and while Lickey's email stressed that their opinions were not meant to be shared with the entire school, they were still distributed.
In their paper, which has since landed on Facebook, they apologized for interrupting, because "one shouldn't barge into others' conversations and take over — or in this case — throw bombs." Citing alleged comments from the other English teacher, Lickey seemed to think their explanation would be welcome.
"The very wording of 'rape culture' seems to me a bit hysterical," Lickey wrote.
"'Rape culture' is a theoretical construct that is ill-defined," they explained, in a remarkable replication of pretentious high-school prose. "What exactly is 'rape culture'? I don't see it in my life or the lives of any of the men and women I have known. I have never met a person who believes rape is anything other than a heinous crime."
Whatever universal agreement might exist on the subject of rape being heinous, however, doesn't keep the crime from happening. According to RAINN, one in six women will experience attempted or completed rape in their lifetime, while one in 33 men will be able to say the same. But the frequency with which rape occurs doesn't answer Lickey's question.
Rape culture is the normalization of sexual violence such that society excuses it and, often, blames the victim. It's perpetuated by objectifying depictions of women and their bodies, by misogynistic language and, actually, by the kinds of assertions Lickey makes in their essay. Dismissing the role of, as Lickey put it, a "patriarchal male 'culture'" in sexual assault minimizes the gravity of perpetrators' actions, brushing them off as unsurprising male behavior. Rape culture is exemplified in the judge who calls a convicted rapist "an extraordinarily good man" who simply did a bad thing, or the judge who lets an accused rapist off the hook because they didn't enjoy the nonconsensual sex.
Lickey, for their part, wrote that they did not see "anything even remotely chauvinistic or misogynistic" about the opinions expressed in their essay, but the school's principal seemed to disagree. According to the Oregonian, Carol Campbell followed Lickey's document with an apology on Friday night, noting the op-ed had been presented "with very little context" and some of its contents "[ran] counter to the way we approach this important subject."
"The perspective of the teacher does not reflect nor support our approach to educating students on sexual assault," Campbell wrote, also citing a rule that anyone who teaches a writing-intensive subject should know: "A strong contradictory argument should be accompanied by counter-arguments from credible sources."
May 7, 2017, 4:34 p.m.: This article has been updated to reflect information Mic received from a student at Grant High School.
Payday: No Mercy explains 'how the Left 4 Dead series began' Overkill Software promised it was working on a Left 4 Dead thing. Well, here it is.
Update: Valve comments on the DLC.
Overkill Software promised it was working on a Left 4 Dead thing. Well, here it is.
The developer has released a new video, showcasing Payday: The Heist - No Mercy. There's no word on what it is exactly, but it appears to be a DLC expansion of SOE's online shooter.
"Have you ever wondered how the Left 4 Dead series began? It started with a heist," the video's description teases.
Mercy Hospital is a level from the first Left 4 Dead game, and is likely "one of the first places to have handled the Infected" according to Wikia. Could your actions in this DLC expansion accidentally cause the zombie outbreak in Valve's series?
After the original video was pulled, Valve's Chet Faliszek offered a comment to Kotaku, saying the mission description is the result of "over-excited marketing guys."
"This is a 100% Overkill made mission for Payday: Heist simply set in no mercy hospital from the Left 4 Dead series. It is not telling the origins of the Infection and is not canon. There is a little cameo from one of the L4D characters (the comic should give you a hint) and a fun little Easter egg with a payoff later in Left 4 Dead. Just us having some fun with a studio we are friends with and who have also made a great co-op game."
LECCE, Italy–The world's rich nations will ask the International Monetary Fund to study ways of unwinding the drastic steps taken to rescue the global economy, a source with knowledge of the plan said today.
The source, who declined to be named, said finance ministers of the Group of Eight nations would request the study in a communiqué to be released on Saturday, after two days of talks in the southern Italian town of Lecce.
The move would not mean countries will quickly roll back the drastic easing of budget and monetary policies that they have put in place during the global economic crisis.
But it does suggest they feel an economic recovery is in sight, and that they want to reassure financial markets they can manage the recovery without unleashing a wave of inflation.
A leap in long-term government bond yields over the past several weeks shows markets fear the huge sums of public money pumped into economies will eventually fuel inflation and damage governments' finances for years to come.
Pressure has therefore been building in the G8 for talks on ways to wind down stimulus programmes as soon as they are no longer needed – "exit strategies" that would prevent market interest rates from rising high enough to threaten economic recovery.
"The IMF report will be probably presented at the (IMF's) October annual meeting in Istanbul," the source told Reuters.
The IMF study could provide governments with some political cover when they eventually start making painful cuts in state spending to bring budget deficits under control, and when central banks begin to raise interest rates back up from near-zero levels.
The German and Canadian finance ministers on Friday urged the G8 to hold its first talks on exit strategies.
"It's time to have a discussion on how to disengage from the fiscal stimulus. It's realistic to start talking about the exit strategy," said Canada's Jim Flaherty.
"I don't expect an agreement," they added. "These are early discussions."
Because of its historical experience with hyperinflation, Germany is one of Europe's most fiscally conservative countries. Berlin's upper house of parliament passed new measures on Friday to prop up confidence in government finances, restricting new debt issuance by German states from 2020.
But other countries are less enthusiastic about talking exit strategies and less convinced that the worst of the economic slump is over.
Euro zone industrial production shrank by more than a fifth in April, new data showed on Friday, raising risks that the second quarter will be weaker than expected.
"There are risks to doing it (withdrawing stimulus) too late and also to doing it too quickly," another official source from a major European economy told Reuters.
"Now is not the time because you will only worsen things if you begin while the economy is still falling."
Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke has said the United States must start planning to restore fiscal balance. But U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner has said that although they want to "take stock" of recovery efforts, stimulus work is not yet finished.
"The dominant focus of policy everywhere – everywhere – still is on trying to make sure we have a strong foundation for recovery," Geithner told a news briefing earlier this week.
The G8 groups the United States, Germany, Japan, Britain, France, Italy, Canada and Russia.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Tonight during a special Microsoft Store event in Connecticut, Titanfall developer Respawn Entertainment explained that the upcoming game could get a DLC season pass and teased that a pilot-only mode may come sometime after launch.
Respawn community manager Abbie Heppe said cofounder Vince Zampella's tweet this week about the game not having a season pass was a mistake. They clarified tonight that the game won't have an online pass, but said the company has nothing to announce--at the least right now--regarding a season pass. Electronic Arts did away with online passes last year.
A tweet from the official Titanfall Twitter account apologizes for the confusion.
The season pass would presumably include access to various Titanfall DLC packs at a discounted rate compared to buying them individually. Though Respawn has yet to announce firm plans for post-release support for Titanfall, the developer said previously that DLC for the game was in the planning stages. Titanfall is a major multiplayer shooter, so significant add-on content should be expected.
Also during the special event tonight at the Westfarms Mall in West Hartford, Conn. Heppe said though a pilot-only multiplayer mode for Titanfall won't be available at release, "we'll see what happens after launch." The chief intrigue of Titanfall is its pilots vs. mechs gameplay, so a pilots-only mode would be a surprise.
Titanfall launches March 11 for Xbox One and PC, with an Xbox 360 version--developed externally at Bluepoint Games--to follow-on March 25. Microsoft is throwing a huge party in Texas to mark the game's release.
Top junior middleweight contender Erislandy Lara isn't exactly thrilled about the March 8 Showtime pay-per-view matchup between Mexican stars Canelo Alvarez and Alfredo Angulo, both of whom they feel are avoiding facing them (and they already hold a win over Angulo), but he's picking Angulo to score the upset, provided that the eye Lara themselves busted upholds in the fight.
"If Angulo's eye holds up from the pounding of their last fight, I think they will knock Canelo out," Lara predicted.
Lara believes they were passed up by both men and he's ready to fight anyone at 154-pounds or 160.
"I will fight anybody they put in front of me, that's the difference between being the best and being protected. There is no need to protect the best. The team of myself, Al Haymon and Luis Decubas Jr. have the best promoter in Golden Boy. I know they will deliver me the big fights," Lara said.
Don't get me wrong. I like Michelle Obama. They seem a charming, fragrant human being who "does hug", etc. If people want to festoon trophies upon them for being "caring", "motherly" or having attractively toned arms in designer dresses, be my guest. But powerful . . . why?
Does Forbes think Michelle is more powerful than Janet Napolitano, head of US homeland security, because they get to go to bed with Barack, while poor Janet just gets to protect the entire country? Apparently, Michelle Obama is also more powerful than German chancellor Angela Merkel - but then, sad sap Angela is only lobbying for a non-permanent seat on the UN council, while Michelle . . . well, Michelle has the real power. The president plainly couldn't get up in the morning if they didn't have their sunshine smile and the promise of their unconditional love. Yes, I feel sick, too.
It is, of course, a backwards notion that being on the arm of a powerful man raises a woman's stock more than their own personal achievement ever could, but in Britain we're just as bad. We love a "wife and girlfriend", and no serious Woman of the Year awards - organised by women themselves, I might add - is complete without Coleen Rooney, Abigail Clancy or Danielle Lineker clomping up the red carpet to honour their nominations for most inspirational being. Oh pipe down, you female transorbital neuroendoscopy specialists at the back, Coleen has a children's book deal and will almost certainly help choose the colour of the cover.
And so, we give the message to young girls that it's better to be an accoutrement to a man with a skill, than actually to be skilful. I don't have a daughter, so I don't know how you tackle the question: "But Mummy, why hasn't Coleen split up with Wayne if the paper thinks they like to go to bed with other girls?" But Aunty Grace's answer would be: "Well, Coleen's entire media value comes from being connected to him, so they probably know that if they leaf them she'll be absolutely shafted."
I do, however, think there's a sneakier, misogynistic message at play by Forbes when it places Michelle Obama above Nancy Pelosi, the first female speaker of the US House of Representatives (making her, when elected in 2007, the highest-ranking woman in US political history). They're clearly implying that women with whom men are smitten can have a skulduggerous and manipulative influence.
Twitter on Wednesday was briefly overrun by a powerful computer worm that caused tens of thousands of users to tweet a message that contained self-propagating code exploiting a bug in the TweetDeck app.
Within a few hours, the cross-site scripting (XSS) attack caused at least 37,000 84,700 users to retweet a single message originally transmitted by the user @derGeruhn. The body of the message contained JavaScript commands that caused anyone viewing it in TweetDeck to automatically retweet it. The message spread virally. The more times it was retweeted, the more times it was viewed and retweeted by other people using the vulnerable app. The BBC News Twitter account alone pushed the message to 10.1 million followers.
It's by no means the first time a worm has slithered through Twitter. Worms based on clickjacking exploits and XSS attacks were documented as long ago as 2009 and were also used maliciously in 2011 to spread scam messages.
Filter bypass exploits like cockroaches
The out-of-control tweets were the result of a software flaw that prevented TweetDeck from properly filtering code out of messages it displayed. As a result, the app executed JavaScript commands transmitted in message bodies that contained commands for retweeting the message. The episode underscores the vexing difficulty of eliminating XSS vulnerabilities from websites and end-user apps. Even when developers erect defenses that filter out harmful code from user-supplied content, there are frequently ways to circumvent them.
"The filter bypass in this case was a little tricky," Jeremiah Grossman, CEO of WhiteHat Security, told Ars. "Cross site scripting is a cockroach. It's all but impossible to exterminate completely. No matter how hard you try and how much you invest, you're going to make mistakes."
The Twitter worms that have publicly surfaced over the past few years have been relatively benign. More often than not, they have been little more than pranks, or at worst a platform for scam-fueled spam. There's a much darker side to XSS attacks, since they often make it possible for attackers to remotely obtain the authentication tokens and cookies online services used to grant access to user accounts or other restricted parts of a site. In April, researchers documented an XSS flaw that corralled 22,000 visitors into a botnet of DDoS zombies
And even when XSS attacks appear to be benign, they often create huge strains on a website's servers. The so-called Samy Worm of 2005, for instance, allowed its creator, Samy Kamkar, to spontaneously gain more than 1 million MySpace followers. In the process, it knocked the site out of commission for a day.
There's no indication that anything nefarious happened Wednesday, but since such attacks can often be launched in a stealthy way, there's no way to immediately rule out the possibility. Out of an abundance of caution, TweetDeck users who were logged in on Wednesday should reset the passwords for both their TweetDeck and Twitter accounts. Officials with the Twitter-owned TweetDeck declared the bug fixed shortly after it surfaced. They later suspended service to investigate further and finally verified the fix and restored service.
A screenshot of a video reportedly showing the moment when Sarah Tarayra was killed by Israeli forces in Hebron on July 1, 2016. (Credit: B'Tselem)
BETHLEHEM (Ma'an) -- Eyewitness testimony and video footage have cast doubts on the Israeli narrative surrounding the death of a Palestinian woman on Friday in the southern occupied West Bank city of Hebron, Israeli human rights group B'Tselem reported on Tuesday.
On July 1, Israeli forces shot dead a Palestinian woman, identified as 27-year-old Sarah Tarayra , after they allegedly attempted to carry out a stabbing attack against border police officers near the Ibrahimi Mosque in Hebron's Old City.
According to B'Tselem, Israeli police stated that Tarayra was taken to a small room at a Hebron checkpoint because they “appeared suspect,” only to unsuccessfully attempt to stab a police officer, at which point the police said another officer “responded quickly and carried out a precise and targeted shooting towards the terrorist until they were neutralized.”
However, B'Tselem said in a statement that an account by a Palestinian bystander present on the scene that day who filmed part of the encounter contradicted official police reports that Tarayra -- whom was identified by the NGO as Sarah Hajuj -- represented an imminent threat when they were killed by Israeli border police officers.
B'Tselem claimed that the information it had received indicated “that the Border Police officers could almost certainly have stopped Hajuj with non-lethal means, thereby rendering the shooting unjustified.”
According to the witness, a scuffle was heard coming from the room in which Tarayra was being held, after which two Israeli officers were seen exiting while coughing and covering their faces with their hands. The witness added that the second police officer to exit the room was holding pepper spray in their hand, as B'Tselem said that photographs of Tarayra's body showed “remnants of pepper spray” on their face.
A video shot by the eyewitness from that moment on showed at least six Israeli officers standing outside of the open room when they started running away from the door for a reason left unclear in the footage, and fired at least four shots.
“At that stage, police officers had already sprayed their face with pepper spray, a substance that usually has a highly debilitating effect on people, Therefore, the argument that shooting to kill was necessary and the only way of stopping Hajuj under those circumstances is untenable,” B'Tselem wrote.
“There was clearly no justification for excessive gunfire when Hajuj no longer posed a threat, carrying it out just with a view of killing her.”
B'Tselem denounced what a number of groups have termed a “shoot to kill” policy by Israeli forces, which has led to the "extrajudicial execution" of a number of Palestinians despite circumstances in which they could have been apprehended without the use of lethal force.
“This open-fire policy has been broadly backed by senior politicians and high-ranking military commanders, granting immunity to individuals implementing it. It is these leading figures who bear the moral and legal liability for the death of Palestinians in such circumstances,” B'Tselem stated.
More than 220 Palestinians have been killed by Israelis and some 32 Israelis have been killed by Palestinians since a wave of unrest first swept across the occupied Palestinian territories and Israel in October.
The majority of Palestinians allegedly carrying out attacks have been shot dead on site, but investigations by rights groups have reported that a number of Palestinians killed did not pose sufficient threat for the use of lethal force at the time of their death.
The Hebron area in particular grew as the epicenter of upheaval. The checkpoint near the Ibrahimi Mosque, where Friday's incident took place, is located in Hebron's Old City, parts of which had been designated as a "closed military zone" by the Israeli army since November amid dozens of cases in which more than 40 Palestinians were killed.
Palestinian residents of the Tel Rumeida area were forced to register under a number system in order to enter or exit the neighborhood, and locals have reported heavier restrictions imposed by the army that B'Tselem has referred to as "draconian measures."
While the closed military zone status was lifted mid-May following a period of relative calm, severe restrictions on movement for Palestinians in Hebron remain, particularly in the area designated as H2 -- under full Israeli military control -- which encompasses the Ibrahimi Mosque and much of the Old City.
Don't bet on humans finding aliens just walking around on another Earth-like planet — they'll more likely be swimming. That's the assertion of one scientist, who predicts most of the exoplanets we find in habitable zones around their stars are almost entirely covered in water.
Earth itself is about 70 percent water on its surface, but the alien planets are likely “dominated by oceans spanning over 90 percent of their surface area,” a study in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society speculated. Author Fergus Simpson of the University of Barcelona's Institute of Cosmos Sciences writes that such extensive water coverage would explain why some exoplanets that astronomers have discovered have not been as dense as expected.
Read: 5 Moons We Should Explore for Aliens
As experts search for planets that may harbor extraterrestrial life, they are usually looking for planets that are within a certain distance of their host star, called the habitable zone. In that orbit range, the planets are at the right temperature and radiation levels to support life as we understand it — for example, not so close that the planet's water boils into gas and not so far that it freezes into a rock of ice. Land coverage on the surface doesn't exactly factor into that particular equation.
Photo: NASA/JPL
A report from the Royal Astronomical Society explains that if a planet were to have substantial land and water coverage, “a delicate balance must be struck between the volume of water it retains over time, and how much space it has to store it in its oceanic basins.”
That's not to say there isn't any rock on a water-covered planet at all, but perhaps that the ocean is so deep that a submerged landmass cannot poke through to the surface.
We still do not understand why Earth is so well-balanced. “Earth itself is very close to being a so-called ‘waterworld' — a world where all land is immersed under a single ocean,” the society says.
This idea of water-covered planets might be applicable to an Earth-like exoplanet that was recently discovered. Scientists just announced they found LHS 1140b, a planet believed to consist of both rock and liquid water and orbiting a star that's only 40 light years from Earth.
But we are not counting out other types of worlds — at the same time NASA prepares to search for signs of alien life on Mars, it is also creating a fleet of robots that could dig for clues on ice-covered moons in our solar system, such as Enceladus and Europa. The robots include tools like buzzsaws and catapults.
See also:
This Alien “Super-Jupiter” Orbits a Cool Star
Neil deGrasse Tyson Thinks We're Close to Finding Aliens
Manchester Solidarity Federation has entered a dispute with Laibaz, a restaurant in Bolton. A number of the restaurant's former employees are owed wages for hours worked and holiday entitlement. The restaurant's owner has paid workers at an hourly rate below the minimum wage and has failed to provide pay slips. They also failed to provide P45s when workers left their jobs at the restaurant.
We started the campaign by organising a phone blockade on Saturday July 23, aimed at preventing “take away” orders. The blockade was a tremendous success and we are confident that the restaurant was unable to take any orders between the hours of 6pm and 10pm, the busiest period of the week for take away orders. The workers involved would like to thank people for their fantastic support in making the blockade a success.
We will now be writing to the owner of the restaurant again demanding that they pay the monies owed to the workers. Should they fail pay up we shall be stepping up the campaign against the owner over the coming weeks. We would urge people to continue with their support in order to force the owner to return the wages they have stolen from the workforce and to prevent them from robbing workers in the future.
SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGN AGAINST LAIBAZ. AN INJURY TO ONE IS AN INJURY TO ALL
Washington, D.C. - The U.S. Senate this afternoon passed the FISA Amendments Act, broadly expanding the president's warrantless surveillance authority and unconstitutionally granting retroactive immunity to telecommunications companies that participated in the president's illegal domestic wiretapping program. The House of Representatives passed the same bill last month, and President Bush is expected to sign the legislation into law shortly.
"It is an immeasurable tragedy that just after its return from the Fourth of July holiday, the Senate has chosen to pass a bill that betrays the spirit of 1776 by radically expanding the president's spying powers and granting immunity to the companies that colluded in their illegal surveillance program," said Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). "This so-called compromise bill represents a shameful capitulation to the overreaching demands of an imperial president. As Senator Leahy put it in yesterday's debate, the retroactive immunity provision of the bill upends the scales of justice and makes Congress and the courts handmaidens to the White House's cover-up of its illegal surveillance program."
The FISA Amendments Act won passage after several amendments intended to remove or modify the bill's immunity provision failed to pass. One amendment, offered by Senator Christopher Dodd, would have stripped immunity from the bill altogether. Another, introduced by Senator Jeff Bingaman, would have stayed the pending cases against the telecoms and delayed the implementation of the immunity provision until the Inspectors General of the Department of Justice and other U.S. government intelligence agencies finished their investigation into the spying program, thereby preventing Congress from granting immunity in the dark.
"We thank those senators who courageously opposed telecom immunity and vow to them, and to the American people, that the fight for accountability over the president's illegal surveillance is not over," said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl. "Even though Congress has failed to protect the privacy of Americans and uphold the rule of law, we will not abandon our defense of liberty. We will fight this unconstitutional grant of immunity in the courtroom and in the Congress, requesting repeal of the immunity in the next session, while seeking justice from the Judiciary. Nor can the lawless officials who approved this massive violation of Americans' rights rest easy, for we will file a new suit against the government and challenge warrantless wiretapping, past, present and future."
EFF is representing the plaintiffs in Hepting v. AT&T, a class action lawsuit brought on behalf of millions of AT&T customers whose private domestic communications and communications records were illegally handed over to the National Security Agency (NSA). EFF has been appointed co-coordinating counsel for all 47 of the outstanding lawsuits concerning the government's warrantless surveillance program.
For more information on the NSA spying:
http://www.eff.org/issues/nsa-spying
Contacts:
Kevin Bankston
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Kurt Opsahl
Senior Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
kurt@eff.org
Rebecca Jeschke
Media Coordinator
Electronic Frontier Foundation
press@eff.org
In the United States, there are currently 122,592 people waiting for an organ.
According to Organdoner.gov, the government gateway for information on donation, 18 people die in the United States each day waiting for an organ.
The United States stands midway among developed nations in donation rates with around 26 donors per million people.
Spain has been the acknowledged leader in donations for number of years with 35.3 donors per million. Some of the difference in rates is due to an opt-out versus opt-in policy. In Spain you are considered a donor unless you make the effort to opt out of the donation system.
In the U.S., people must choose, usually during the process of getting a driver's license, to participate in the donation program.
However, in Spain and countries who use similar programs, the medical establishment still seeks permission from family members routinely.
Our PBS NewsHour Weekend piece illustrates some the of the steps Australia is taking to make organ donation a more common choice. Australia has created sophisticated systems to enable tissue matches. And, a new $1.3 million initiative reimburses employers for giving donors time off work to recuperate from the major surgery involved with organ donation.
Hillary Clinton
The possibility that America will elect its first woman president next November has triggered the inevitable onslaught of one-liners, and also a more serious discussion about how America might change with a woman in the Oval Office. As luck would have it, there's new data out there about the shifts that take place when women run the world. Or at least a bunch of Indian villages.
Rural Indians are learning firsthand what it's like to live under female leadership as a result of a 1991 law that restricted one-third of village council elections to female candidates. The villagers' experiences are analyzed by economists Esther Duflo and Petia Topalova in a recent unpublished study. Using opinion surveys and data on local “public goods”—like schools, roads, and water pumps—Duflo and Topalova find that the villages headed by women invested in more services that benefited the entire community than did those with gender-neutral elections, nearly all of which were won by men. But as the opinion polls showed, for all their effectiveness, the women's governance was literally a thankless effort, with the new leaders getting lower approval ratings than their male counterparts.
Why study the experiences of Indian villagers to understand the costs and benefits of female leadership? Countries that come closest to gender parity in government, like Sweden and Finland, are economically advanced democracies with universal health care, child care, and generous maternity and paternity leave policies. Contrast this with the list of nations with zero women in national legislatures—Kyrgyzstan and Saudi Arabia, for example—and the pattern becomes clear: Women in government are associated with lots of good things (PDF). But the obvious problem with this sort of exercise is that Scandinavians are different from Saudis in lots of ways. Their progressive attitudes—not to mention all that free child care—may be what allows women to get elected, not the other way around.
To avoid this type of Swede-to-Saudi comparison, social scientists are always on the lookout for “natural experiments” in which we can look at before-after changes within a community rather than making comparisons across very different societies. In this sense, India's decision to put women in charge was an economist's manna from heaven, and the reason that Duflo and Topalova went there for insight on the effects of female leadership. In 1991, almost none of India's village councils were headed by women; the 1991 constitutional amendment passed to redress this imbalance mandated the election of women as pradhans, or council heads, in a third of villages that were chosen entirely at random. This means the villages reserved for female candidates were no different from other villages before the women-only elections.
By 2000, many village councils had been led by women for several years. This was also the year of a countrywide “Millennial Survey” (PDF), which collected information on drinking water, schools, public-health facilities, public transit, and other government services. The surveyors recorded the quantity of these services in each community, and also the quality (measured, for example, by drainage and leaks in water services, and the quality of playground and blackboard facilities in schools). They also ran opinion surveys of community members to poll their satisfaction with the services they received.
First, the encouraging news from India's social experiment with female leadership. Duflo and Topalova found that communities with women as pradhans had larger quantities of key public services overall. Nor was quality sacrificed for quantity—facilities in the women-led villages were of at least as high quality on average as in the communities with traditional male leadership. The greatest improvement was in drinking water, the public amenity found to be most valued by women in earlier research (PDF)—with 30 percent more taps and hand pumps in the women-pradhan villages. So while the female pradhans were working for the general good, they were working particularly hard to provide the services valued by their fellow women. They were also less corrupt—villagers with female-headed councils were 25 percent less likely to report having to pay bribes to access basic services like getting ration cards or receiving medical attention.
Now, the bad news. India's female pradhans were remarkably unappreciated for their efforts. Despite the objective upgrades in village amenities, both men and women living in villages headed by women expressed lower satisfaction with public services. This was true even for water—the level of dissatisfaction was 13 percent higher in women-led communities. In fact, there was even greater dissatisfaction about health facilities, a public service not even controlled by the local village council!
Why this disconnect between the performance and recognition of female leaders? Duflo and Topalova are engaged in further research to try to figure this out. They may wish to consult with Heidi Roizen, a hard-charging Silicon Valley venture capitalist and the subject of a Harvard Business School case study on business networking. How was Ms. Roizen perceived by students who read of their assertive style in the case? It depends on whether they were presented as a man or as a woman. In an experiment on gender perceptions, psychologists Cameron Anderson and Francis Flynn gave one group of MBA students the original Heidi Roizen case for later in-class discussion, while the other half received a copy that was identical in every way, except that “Heidi” became “Howard.”
In a study currently under review, Anderson and Flynn report that while both Howard and Heidi were rated as equally competent (they were the same person, after all), students described the female version of the character as overly aggressive, and were much less likely to want to work with or hire them So the decisive, assertive traits that are often valued in leaders are received very differently when observed in women than when seen in men. Howard was a go-getter. Heidi was unlikably power-hungry.
In repeated polls, potential voters similarly find Hillary Clinton extremely competent yet not particularly likable. On Slate's “XX Factor,” there's been lots of back and forth (scroll down and start with the entry “Bitches and Polls”) about how these marks relate to Clinton's gender. If the experiences of India's female pradhans are any indication, even if Americans are better off after another Clinton administration, they won't line up to thank Hillary. And they may still find themselves looking for a new job in 2012. When the women pradhans that came to power under the 1991 law had to compete with male candidates after their first terms in office, almost none were voted in for a second term. But there is some preliminary evidence (PDF) that the success of India's first wave of female pradhans is starting to change attitudes, perhaps bringing India one step closer to gender-neutral village politics. If Hillary wins the 2008 election but turns out to be a one-term president, they too could be consoled, perhaps, by the possibility that she's making a first landing for gender-neutral presidential politics so the women who come after them won't have to.
Study successfully reconstructed temperature from the deep sea to reveal how global ice volume has varied over the glacial-interglacial cycles of the past 1.5 million years
1.5 million years of climate history revealed after scientists solve mystery of the deep Study successfully reconstructed temperature from the deep sea to reveal how global ice volume has varied over the glacial-interglacial cycles of the past 1.5 million years
Tabular iceberg. The production of tabular icebergs is a major mechanism of mass loss from the Antarctic Ice Sheet. Icebergs are calved during both rapid ice-shelf collapse and as part of the normal transfer of mass through the ice sheet to the surrounding ocean.
Scientists have announced a major breakthrough in understanding the Earth's climate machine by reconstructing highly accurate records of changes in ice volume and deep-ocean temperatures over the last 1.5 million years.
The study, which is reported in the journal Science, offers new insights into a decades-long debate about how the shifts in the Earth's orbit relative to the sun have taken the Earth into and out of an ice-age climate.
Being able to reconstruct ancient climate change is a critical part of understanding why the climate behaves the way it does. It also helps us to predict how the planet might respond to human-made changes, such as the injection of large quantities of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, in the future.
Unfortunately, scientists trying to construct an accurate picture of how such changes caused past climatic shifts have been thwarted by the fact that the most readily available marine geological record of ice-ages - changes in the ratio of oxygen isotopes (Oxygen 18 to Oxygen 16) preserved in tiny calcareous deep sea fossils called foraminifera - is compromised.
This is because the isotope record shows the combined effects of both deep sea temperature changes, and changes in the amount of ice volume. Separating This has in the past proven difficult or impossible, so researchers have been unable to tell whether changes in the Earth's orbit were affecting the temperature of the ocean more than the amount of ice at the Poles, or vice-versa.
The new study, which was carried out by researchers in the University of Cambridge Department of Earth Sciences, appears to have resolved this problem by introducing a new set of temperature-sensitive data. This allowed them to identify changes in ocean temperatures alone, subtract that from the original isotopic data set, and then build what they describe as an unprecedented picture of climatic change over the last 1.5 million years - a record of changes in both oceanic temperature and global ice volume.
Included in this is a much fuller representation of what happened during the "Mid-Pleistocene Transition" (MPT) - a major change in the Earth's climate system which took place sometime between 1.25 million and 600 thousand years ago. Before the MPT, the alternation between glacial periods of extreme cold, and warmer interglacials, happened at intervals of approximately 41,000 years. After the MPT, the major cycles became much longer, regularly taking 100,000 years. The second pattern of climate cycles is the one we are in now. Interestingly, this change occurred with little or no orbital forcing.
"Previously, we didn't really know what happened during this transition, or on either side of it," Professor Harry Elderfield, who led the research team, said. "Before you separate the ice volume and temperature signals, you don't know whether you're seeing a climate record in which ice volume changed dramatically, the oceans warmed or cooled substantially, or both."
"Now, for the first time, we have been able to separate these two components, which means that we stand a much better chance of understanding the mechanisms involved. One of the reasons why that is important, is because we are making changes to the factors that influence the climate now. The only way we can work out what the likely effects of that will be in detail is by finding analogues in the geological past, but that depends on having an accurate picture of the past behaviour of the climate system."
Researchers have developed more than 30 different models for how these features of the climate might have changed in the past, in the course of a debate which has endured for more than 60 years since pioneering work by Nobel Laureate Harold Urey in 1946. The new study helps resolve these problems by introducing a new dataset to the picture - the ratio of magnesium (Mg) to calcium (Ca) in foraminifera. Because it is easier for magnesium to be incorporated at higher temperatures, larger quantities of magnesium in the tiny marine fossils imply that the deep sea temperature was higher at that point in geological time.
The Mg/Ca dataset was taken from the fossil record contained in cores drilled on the Chatham Rise, an area of ocean east of New Zealand. It allowed the Cambridge team to map ocean temperature change over time. Once this had been done, they were able to subtract that information from the oxygen isotopic record. "The calculation tells us the difference between what water temperature was doing and what the ice sheets were doing across a 1.5 million year period," Professor Elderfield explained.
The resulting picture shows that ice volume has changed much more dramatically than ocean temperatures in response to changes in orbital geometry. Glacial periods during the 100,000-year cycles have been characterised by a very slow build-up of ice which took thousands of years, the result of ice volume responding to orbital change far more slowly than the ocean temperatures reacted. Ocean temperature change, however, reached a lower limit, probably because the freezing point of seawater put a restriction on how cold the deep ocean could get.
In addition, the record shows that the transition from 41,000-year cycles to 100,000-year cycles, the characteristic changeover of the MPT, was not as gradual as previously thought. In fact, the build-up of larger ice sheets, associated with longer glacials, appears to have begun quite suddenly, around 900,000 years ago. The pattern of the Earth's response to orbital forcing changed dramatically during this "900,000 year event", as the paper puts it.
The research team now plan to apply their method to the study of deep-sea temperatures elsewhere to investigate how orbital changes affected the climate in different parts of the world.
"Any uncertainty about the Earth's climate system fuels the sense that we don't really know how the climate is behaving, either in response to natural effects or those which are human-made," Professor Elderfield added. "If we can understand how earlier changes were initiated and what the impacts were, we stand a much better chance of being able to predict and prepare for changes in the future."
###
Full copies of the paper Evolution of ocean temperature and ice volume through the Mid-Pleistocene Climate Transition can be provided on request.
Professor Harry Elderfield is available for interviews.
For more information, please contact: Tom Kirk, Office of Communications, University of Cambridge. Tel: 01223 332300; Mob: 07764 161923; Email: thomas.kirk@admin.cam.ac.uk
This research has been supported by funding from the Natural Environment Research Council, The Royal Society, The Leverhulme Trust, The European Union & the University of Cambridge
I'm going to make a prediction, even though doing so violates the Pundits Code, Section 12, Article 9: “Never put yourself in a position to be proven wrong.”
Ready? Here goes: Jeb Bush probably isn't going to be the next president of the United States. They probably won't be their party's nominee. They might not even make it to the end of the nominating process.
That might not come as a complete shock, but it's certainly a change from the expectation that Bush would be among the top contenders once the clown show known as Donald Trump packed its bags and headed back to the circus. Not that Bush was anyone's favourite, but they brought with them a sense that, like it or not, they had the money, connections and name recognition to carry them through the torturous bedlam of debates, primaries and 24/7 campaigning that go with the U.S. nominating process.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Who else was there, after all? Carly Fiorina? Scott Walker? Chris Christie? Rand Paul? Lindsey Graham? Big egos all, but little in the way of realistic prospects all. As happened with the 2012 nominee, Mitt Romney, it seemed possible Bush would be the last man standing if only because the alternatives were so spectacularly uninviting. A Bush nomination might not be inevitable, but it certainly seemed possible.
Consider the list of recent Republican nominees: Mitt Romney, John McCain, George Bush, Bob Dole, George Bush
Not any more. Bush's limp performance in the most recent debate has pushed a lot of observers over the line represented by Section 12, Article 9. Bush, more and more U.S. pundits are declaring, has blown their chance, presuming they did have one. He's “probably toast,” conceded Nate Silver, the respected data cruncher at fivethirtyeight.com (there are 538 votes in the electoral college). CNN declared their campaign “is facing a full-blown existential crisis.” Their “favourability rating” has fallen 28 points since June, more than any other candidate. He's ahead of just two other candidates: Christie and Paul. The story surrounding their campaign has become so negative they were forced to make the kind of statement politicians never want to make, insisting their campaign “is not on life support.” Hardly the words of a candidate cruising towards victory.
Bush's problems have always been evident. He's boring. They can't rev up an audience to save their lives. He's the third Bush to seek the job, and even less interesting than the first two. They had a respectable record as governor of Florida, but lots of governors have respectable records. He's bright and innovative, but incapable of communicating their ideas in a way that arouses enthusiasm. He's relatively moderate in a party that is increasingly handcuffed by a small core of ultra-conservative zealots, and not sufficiently impressive to rally the party's establishment wing behind him. They started their campaign with support in the single digits and hasn't been able to make headway against Trump or retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, neither of whom should grace any ticket that wants to be taken seriously. Next to likely Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton they look downright insipid, and Hillary is hardly an overflowing chalice of charisma.
If Bush is effectively out of it, who's in it? Excluding Trump and Carson – seriously, the party can't be that self-destructive can it? – the two candidates who appear to have improved their standing the most are Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz. The Calgary-born Cruz distinguished themselves at the debate by eloquently upbraiding CNBC's moderators for their brazenly biased questions. Rubio easily countered an attempt by Bush to go ugly on him, and has emerged as perhaps the most polished and erudite of the remaining candidates. Rubio also has the advantage of being young, photogenic, the son of Cuban immigrants and a senator from Florida, the state that has proved crucial to so many recent elections. And he's married to a former Miami Dolphins cheerleader.
Apart from pleasing voters who feel two Bushes is plenty for any superpower, Jeb Bush's inability to rouse voters may represent a larger lesson to Republicans. The party has continued serving up an unrelenting diet of wealthy white males, long in the tooth of political high office, in the face of hints that the Facebook world requires something more in a candidate than a doting wife and some cheerful, church-going children to rouse its interest. Barack Obama was the first black president and a charismatic figure; Hillary Clinton would be the first female president; Bernie Sanders is a wild-eyed socialist; Donald Trump is a media-savvy entertainer; Marco Rubio would be the first hispanic nominee. Put them up against the recent Republican nominees: Mitt Romney, John McCain, George Bush, Bob Dole, George Bush.
Surely a country of 350 million can produce someone who is both capable and interesting.
National Post
KellyMcParland<
Ingredients
12 egg(s)
1 cup sugar
1 bottle brandy -- brandy
Pinch of ground allspice
Pinch of ground cinnamon
Pinch of ground cloves
1 bottle rum -- dark rum
milk
nutmeg
mug
Instructions:
Separate the eggs. Beat the whites until they form a stiff froth, and the yolks -- to which you have added the sugar -- "until they are as thin as water," as the professor advises, gradually adding 4 ounces brandy (spiceaholics will also add a pinch each of ground allspice, cinnamon, and cloves). Fold the whites into the yolks. When ready to serve, give it another stir and then put 1 tablespoon of this batter in a small mug or tumbler. Now add 1 ounce brandy (although some die-hard Dixiecrats prefer bourbon) and 1 ounce Jamaican rum, stirring constantly to avoid curdling. Fill to the top with hot milk and stir until you get foam. Sprinkle a little grated nutmeg on top. This one may require practice and a certain amount of fiddling, but it's well worth the effort. Note: Some people find the milk too rich and filling, so they use half hot milk, half boiling water.
The Wondrich Take:
Invented in the early 1850s by "Professor" Jerry Thomas -- the Bolívar of American drinking -- at the Planters' House hotel, St. Louis, the Tom and Jerry was a holiday favorite for a century. The '60s, with their thirst for novelty and mania for convenience, killed it off, but you can still find the mugs -- little white ceramic things with "Tom & Jerry" printed in gold -- in back-country thrift shops (or on eBay, of course).
The National Rifle Association, criticized for its silence after a Twin Cities police officer was acquitted for killing permit-to-carry gun owner Philando Castile, has now responded to the verdict 3½ weeks later and said the death was a “tragedy that could have been avoided.”
Dana Loesch, a spokesperson for the influential gun-rights lobbying group, appeared Sunday on CNN and was pressed by the host during the segment about their organization failing to follow through on a pledge to address Castile's death in July 2016.
Two days after the shooting in Falcon Heights, a statement from the NRA said it would say more once the case is concluded. That conclusion came on June 16 with the not guilty verdicts won by St. Anthony Officer Jeronimo Yanez.
“I don't agree with every single decision that comes out from courtrooms of America,” said Loesch, who appears in various ads for the NRA. “There are a lot of variables in this particular case, and there were a lot of things that I wish would have been done differently. Do I believe that Philando Castile deserved to lose their lives over a [traffic] stop? I absolutely do not.
“I also think that this is why we have things like NRA carry guard [training program], not only to reach out to the citizens over what to do during stops like this, but also to work with law enforcement so that they understand what citizens are experiencing when they go through stops like this.”
Loesch, well known as a conservative radio talk show host and political analyst, emphasized that they were speaking for the NRA and declared that Castile's death was “a terrible tragedy that could have been avoided.”
Philando Castile's grave at Calvary Cemetery in St. Louis on the one-year anniversary of their death.
When Castile was pulled over, they told Yanez that they had a firearm. They also had a permit to carry their weapon at the time, but they did not disclose that fact to the officer.
Tamika Mallory, a civil rights activist and co-chair of the Women's March on Washington held in January, debated Loesch on the CNN program. Mallory recently told the Huffington Post that the NRA stayed silent for so long after Yanez's acquittal because “the NRA does not believe in protecting black and brown lives. They are not an organization that represents all people. Because if ... the NRA was an organization that represents all people, why would you not have a response to Philando Castile.”
Another voice among the NRA's numerous post-verdict critics was Trevor Noah, host of TV's “The Daily Show,” who also accused the organization of failing to speak up because Castile was black.
Fall Out Boy may not be afraid, but I'm worried.
Sony released the theme song to its upcoming Ghostbusters reboot on Thursday, and it doesn't sound good -- even with Missy Elliot's help. Fall Out Boy's “Ghostbusters (I'm Not Afraid)” was released via Spotify and quickly made its way to YouTube, a rollout that might have been a shade more successful if there had been a video to accompany it. The track itself reeks of laziness, and it's not the first indication that Sony's marketers aren't using the right kind of muscle to promote a movie that so much is riding on. If the deep-pocketed Sony producers and distributors can't be bothered to improve on Ray Parker Jr.'s original Ghostbusters theme song, which I think we can all agree wasn't that great to begin with, why should we have any confidence the reboot will improve upon the original movie?
Make no mistake: The Paul Feig-helmed Ghostbusters, which opens in the U.S. on July 15, will very likely be considered a failure if it is not an unequivocal critical and commercial success. To do so it must overcome a two-headed monster: First, it is a remake of a beloved 1984 mega-hit, arriving at a time when a certain segment of moviegoers -- with an influence that is difficult to empirically measure -- has become nearly socially programmed to resent commercial repackaging of their personal nostalgia. Secondly, the reboot features a team of female leads: Melissa McCarthy, Leslie Jones, Kristin Wiig and Kate McKinnon, all established comedic talent but whose casting nonetheless has prompted vitriol from a small (we think?) but vocal army of “haters” who are disgusted by the idea of women carrying proton packs.
These are the same folks who presumably helped make the Ghostbusters trailer the most hated video in the history of YouTube, a story that was covered to exhaustion this spring. There's no doubt that the misogynist trolls, as they are known, contributed to this record-breaking negative response. But there's also the trailer itself to consider. I think most of us who were anticipating it can agree that it was pretty disappointing (the follow-up international version was a significant improvement.)
McCarthy, who knows a thing or two about connecting with audiences on their own terms, couldn't defend the trailer when they were asked about it. In an interview on the John, Jay and Rich radio show, McCarthy said they voiced their objections to the trailer cut, which they thought made the movie look more like a sequel than a reboot. “I think that it's very confusing,” McCarthy said. “But then everyone said we don't care what you think.”
In a roundtable interview with the New York Times this week, McCarthy and their co-stars made it clear that they do not care what the chorus of naysayers think. Wiig also indicated exasperation with the pressure put on Ghostbusters to prove that women-centric films can win at the box office. “How many litmus tests do we need?” they said. “I've been hearing this for five years.”
Sony chief Tom Rothman had a different take. They told The Hollywood Reporter that the negativity around the reboot was “The best thing that ever happened.”
“We're in the national debate, thank you,” they said in the candid interview. “Can we please get some more haters to say stupid things?”
Rothman's interview with THR reveals them to be an honest, savvy, and generally respectable guy. He's been tasked with reviving the once-dominant studio after a series of box office failures and a cyberattack that leaked some embarrassing email exchanges between Sony execs, which led to the exit of former Sony chief Amy Pascal, who greenlit the Ghostbusters reboot. The movie wasn't Rothman's idea, and it's difficult to know how if they truly support it from the ground up.
Rothman was forthright in the interview about the need for Sony to retool its distribution strategy to appeal to a global market. This could possibly help explain some murkiness in the U.S.-based promotion of Ghostbusters so far; it's not clear exactly what domestic audience segment Sony is appealing to. But it's disheartening that Rothman seems happy to allow the “haters” to dominate the conversation around Ghostbusters.
Sure, maybe being “in the national debate” will help boost Ghostbusters' opening weekend, which is presumably Rothman's priority, but if the movie itself is a critical disappointment, it will be much harder for it to maintain a box office lead, and too easy for those resistant to the idea of a female-led blockbuster to claim vindication.
We don't know yet if Ghostbusters will be great or terrible or somewhere in between. We do know that the Boston-based set featured a recreation of a NYC subway station that doesn't exist, which doesn't inspire much confidence in the thoughtfulness of the production. But perhaps this is a minor quibble. A few high-profile men -- Dan Ackroyd, Judd Apatow, Bill Murray -- have reportedly seen the movie (or in Apatow's case, part of it) and given it their seal of approval, something that Rothman touted in their THR interview. Notably, I haven't seen any of the women involved with the project -- including co-screenwriter Katie Dippold -- asked to comment on what they think of the movie itself. The conversation around Ghostbusters has persistently been drawn back to the opinions of anonymous men we're simultaneously told shouldn't matter, but who also provide a platform for successful industry men who have no measurable stake in the outcome of the movie to showcase their newly fashionable feminist solidarity by fighting back against the “trolls.”
Speaking of Apatow, they did make a point that I hope will turn out to prescient. In an interview with Uproxx, they insisted that Ghostbusters “will be judged on its own greatness ... The movie comes out, and it will be great, and people will just be happy to have it.” It will be a relief when Ghostbusters are allowed to speak for itself, but it feels unrealistic to expect that the pre-emptive chatter won't impact the reception at all -- unless Ghostbusters is truly great enough to silence the army of haters. All we can do is keep our fingers crossed.
Image copyright Rewind
A member of a Scottish boy band is "lucky to be alive" after collapsing with heat exhaustion on board a flight.
James McElvar, a singer in the band Rewind, fell ill after wearing 12 layers of clothing to avoid paying the £45 extra baggage fee.
McElvar threw up and was given oxygen during the Easyjet flight travelling from Stansted to Glasgow.
The airline said it had one of the most generous cabin bag allowances, with no upper weight limit.
The 19-year-old, from Cumbernauld, had intended to take a suitcase and a small rucksack on board, but the airline only permits passengers to have one piece of hand luggage.
Six T-shirts
After being told they would be charged an additional fee to take the extra bag on board, they emptied the rucksack and wore the contents.
McElvar was wearing four jumpers, six T-shirts, three pairs of jeans, two pairs of jogging bottoms, two jackets and two hats when they collapsed.
Paramedics reportedly told them they were "lucky to be alive".
After the incident the band took to social media to reassure their worried fans. They tweeted: "For everyone asking James is ok.  They are being looked after in hospital now back home safe in Glasgow. They send you all their love."
Image copyright Twitter
Twelve hours later, Rewind tweeted: "James is much better now! Still in a bit of shock but he's recovered from last night! And the other boys are fine and home safe! #rewindHQ"
Image copyright Twitter
Fans of the band have wished the frontman a speedy recovery, while rival airline Ryanair tweeted: "Hey James (@rewind_music) before you get hot under the collar, rewind, book #Ryanair & get 2 free bags. "
Every country in the world is good at something.
Brazil is renowned for its footballers and Germany for its beer. But what about places like Suriname and Papua New Guinea?
Then the researchers divided the information into 9 categories:
Commodity, psychology, ecology, gastronomy, economy, nicety, humanity, technology and nasty.
Interestingly, the UK produces the most billionaires and the US has the most spam emails...
China has the most jailed journalists, Turkey has the most Twitter censorship and Pakistan has the most gay pornography.
Rwanda tops the list for most women in parliament, Zambia for most female entrepreuners, and Tanzania for female workers.
According to the researchers, some countries have been left out because they either could not fit it in, or there was not enough data on it.
Update 14/01/17 1000 GMT
Since publication of the above infographic, two changes have been observed by the creators InformationIsBeautiful.net
The first: is that South Africa has changed from 'Death' to number 1 for 'Platinum' - This was due to new data being released after the publication of the infographic
The second: is that Canada has been upgraded to ‘personal freedom' from ‘Facebook addiction' - This was due to a better source being found.
Belarusian-born prominent journalist Pavel Sheremet has been killed in a car bombing
A prominent journalist and critic of Vladimir Putin has been killed in a car explosion in central Kiev.
Ukrainian authorities are treating 44-year-old Pavel Sheremet's death as murder.
Two eyewitnesses told Reuters they heard a loud blast and saw an explosion from underneath the car, which was found charred in the middle of the cobbled street.
The car exploded soon after Sheremet left their home in the Ukrainian capital and the vehicle was burned out completely.
Police believe an explosive device was placed under the driver's seat.
Sheremet worked for the country's top online news website Ukrainska Pravda. The publication said they were about to drive to work to anchor a talk show on a local radio station when they were killed.
The car was owned by the publication's editor-in-chief - Sheremet's partner - Olena Prytula.
During their career, the Belarusian-born journalist irked officials in Belarus and Russia before they moved to Ukraine in 2014 after making clear their opposition to Putin's policies on Ukraine.
Authorities are checking three theories regarding their death - their professional activity as a journalist, personal enmity, and a 'Russian trace', said Interior Ministry official Zorian Shkiryak.
The explosive device - of up to 600 grams in TNT or equivalent - set off in the car is believed to have been detonated by remote control.
'I named three main versions that are not ruled out - their professional activity [and] hostile relations, (and) of course we should be well aware that when a hybrid war is waged against us, considering how professionally this bloody murder was committed, we cannot exclude a Russian trace,' Shkiryak said.
Scroll down for video
Firefighters examine the wreckage of the car Pavel Sheremet was killed in on Wednesday morning
Sheremet worked for the country's top online news website Ukrainska Pravda. The publication said they were about to drive to work to anchor a talk show on a local radio station when they were killed
The journalist was close to Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov who was gunned down outside the Kremlin last year.
They described the slain politician as 'like my elder brother', and had blamed Moscow's secret services for involvement in the killing.
It is believed that Nemtsov had met Sheremet in Kiev only days before they were shot in Moscow.
In a testimony to investigators, Nemtsov's glamorous Ukrainian model girlfriend Anna Duritskaya was asked who Nemtsov's friends were in Ukraine.
'Journalist Pavel Sheremet, I don't know anybody else,' they told them in leaked testimony.
There was speculation today that Sheremet's death could be linked to that of Nemtsov, in which Moscow investigators see a trace to Chechnya.
Sheremet had also accused Putin of wanted a huge carve-up of Ukraine, cutting its access to the Black Sea, which 'will allow Russia to cut into the body of the Eastern Europe'.
The car was owned by Sheremet's partner Olena Prytula.  They are also the editor-in-chief of news website Ukrainska Pravda
The car exploded soon after Sheremet left their home in the Ukrainian capital and the vehicle was burned out completely
The Minsk-born journalist had also sharply criticised the Belarus dictator Alexander Lukashenko.
In 1997, Belarus convicted Sheremet of illegally crossing its border and sentenced them to three years in prison for their investigation on the porous border between Belarus and Lithuania.
They served three months in prison before they were released.
Sheremet faced threats and harassment in Belarus and was badly beaten in 2004 while covering an election. Several years later they moved to Russia to work in television.
In a media landscape sanitized by the authoritarian Belarusian government, Sheremet — while living abroad — founded Belaruspartisan.org which went on to become one of the country's leading independent news websites.
They moved to Ukraine in 2014 after what they said was pressure from their Russian television bosses over the reporting of ongoing opposition protests in Kiev.
A shaken Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko said: 'A terrible tragedy in Kiev.
In this photo the car can be seen burning after the explosion in Ukraine's capital
'Shock - I have no other words for it. I knew Pavel [Sheremet] personally.
'My condolences to all their near and dear. I have ordered law-enforcement agencies to investigate this crime urgently.
'Those guilty must be punished.'
The head of Ukraine's national police force Khatia Dekanoidze said: 'I will personally take charge of the case.'
Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman posted a message on Facebook saying: 'The day has begun with terrible news. The prominent Ukrainian journalist Pavel Sheremet was killed this morning.'
In Ukraine, Sheremet worked for Ukrainskaya Pravda newspaper. They had lived in Kiev for five years.
Pavel Sheremet (right) with Boris Nemtsov (left). Russian opposition leader Nemtsov was gunned down outside the Kremlin last year. It is believed that Nemtsov had met Sheremet in Kiev only days before they were shot in Moscow.
In a testimony to investigators, Nemtsov's glamorous Ukrainian model girlfriend Anna Duritskaya was asked who Nemtsov's friends were in Ukraine. 'Journalist Pavel Sheremet, I don't know anybody else,' they told them in leaked testimony.
Their partner was Alyona Pritula, the founder and chief editor of the title.
The car was hers, but they were not in the vehicle at the time.
A spokesperson for the Ukrainian general prosecutor said: 'Investigators preliminarily qualify this event as murder. A pre-trial investigation has been launched.'
The car exploded on the corner of Bogdana Khmelnitskogo and Ivana Franko streets, opposite McDonald's.
MP Anton Gerashchenko, an aide to the Interior Minister, said: 'This is a cynical and well-planned murder.
Pavel Sheremet was a respected journalist.  They are pictured here with Elton John (right).
'The investigation will be looking into all possible versions of the murder of Pavel Sheremet, first of all those linked to their journalism activities, not excluding a Russian trace.
'My apologies to Pavel Sheremet's family and friends.'
Newspaper Komsomolskaya Pravda in Ukraine today warned that 'the murder of Russian oppositionist Boris Nemtsov and journalist Pavel Sheremet may be links of one chain.'
The cited Ukrainian politician Ostap Semerak who said: 'It was Boris who got me acquainted with Pavel.
'Both were killed. Rest in peace.
'The last time I saw Boris was with Pavel.
'We met in Kiev and had a lengthy discussion on Russia's aggression against Ukraine. They condemned the Kremlin's actions.
'They were killed in a cowardly way by a shot in the back - and explosives in the car.'
Ukrainian police officers and security services experts examine the charred car
In 1963, just after the conclusion of the Sino-Indian war, a Chinese army surveyor got lost, crossed over the border and ended up in custody in India. Little did they know, they would be spending the next 54 years trapped there, unable to return to their homeland.
The BBC recently traveled to the remote village of Tirodi in central India to speak with Wang Qi. While Wang has made the best of their unexpected predicament, marrying a local girl and starting a family, they say they still wish they could travel home to see their family in China.
Reporters were able to facilitate a video chat between Wang and their 82-year-old brother living in Shaanxi province. The two hadn't seen each other in over half a century. “I couldn't recognize him. They looked so old. They said they were alive just for me,” Wang said afterwards.
Wang's status is unclear. After being picked up by authorities in 1963, they spent the next seven years moving between a number of jails. When they were finally released, police escorted them to Tirodi village and told them to start a life there. Since then, he's been curiously denied official Indian documents and citizenship, as well as the permission to travel back to China.
A decade ago, they tried to obtain permission to go home to visit their elderly mother, but to no avail. They died in 2006 without seeing their “favorite son” again.
“There are no suspicions about their actions. If they want to go back, we will try and help him,” a local official told the BBC when asked about Wang's situation.
In the end, it appears that Wang's case has mostly just been forgotten about by both sides and lost in a maze of bureaucracy. An injustice that is easier to ignore than correct. Perhaps, some exposure will help them finally get a long-awaited ticket back to China for a visit.
Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Share this: Pocket
Telegram
Print
US F-16's are flying out of Turkey's Incirlik Air Base, putting them in striking range of the Islamic State. Thomson Reuters The US Navy recently issued a statement updating its World War II era "Loose lips sink ships" slogan for one more relevant to the social media age, cautioning it sailors and pilots that "Loose tweets destroy fleets."
"Social media can be a useful tool to stay connected to friends, family, and quick entertainment," the statement reads. "However, there is sometimes a fine line between letting your friends see what you're up to and providing an adversary critical information about your connection to the military and its mission."
The statement highlights the operational security risks of social media. An errant tweet can give away the location of US personnel or installations, or unwittingly telegraph troop movements or deployments to the enemy. The statement addresses another specific risk as well, that public posts about military operations can open up units to attacks from ISIS sympathizers and lone wolves.
"It's vital to check your security settings in your social media accounts to make sure that just your friends are able to see what you post and remember to be smart about what you post and share," said captian Jonathan McDonald in the statement.
The US military may already have a worrying social media vulnerability. The Navy's statements comes a few months after a group claiming to be the "Islamic State Hacking Division" posted the names, addresses, and photos of 100 US armed forces members. The group claimed to gain this information through a sophisticated cybersecurity breach. But the Pentagon later revealed that the data was publicly available through Google searches and social media profiles.
US forces connected to the fight against ISIS are now operating out of Turkey, where the Islamic State has recently been waging attacks. There's now an even greater need to prevent any operations-related information from making it onto social media.
The Navy's operational security concerns aren't limited to social media. The Navy's statement reminded personnel that all means of communication should now be secure: "go secure whenever possible, use a secure phone line, encrypt your email and make sure that you are shredding all paper including any notes on post-its."
Gilbert Brown and Ashton Gibbs made two free throws each in the final 30 seconds after Pittsburgh (No. 23 ESPN/USA Today, No. 25 AP) staged a frantic rally to tie it in regulation, then weathered three exhausting overtimes and West Virginia's own comeback to beat the Mountaineers (No. 4 ESPN/USA Today, No. 5 AP) 98-95 on Friday night.
"I was talking today about this game, how it's always a great rivalry and a classic," Brown said. "And it was."
Gibbs and Brad Wanamaker scored 24 points each for Pitt (19-6, 8-4), which tied Georgetown and West Virginia for third place in the Big East by avenging a 19-point loss in Morgantown only 10 days before.
Da'Sean Butler had 32 points and 11 rebounds, Darryl Bryant scored 20 and Devin Ebanks had 17 points and 10 rebounds, yet they couldn't prevent the Mountaineers (19-5, 8-4) from losing their second in a row after they led by double digits in each half.
"This is definitely one of the toughest losses I've had," Bryant said. "This game probably put Pitt in the NCAAs."
This Backyard Brawl was one of the most pulsating in the 107-year rivalry, with Pitt surging back to tie it after trailing by five points with 35 seconds to play in regulation but then failing twice to put it away in overtime.
It was the second time in less than a month the Panthers came from five down in the final minute of regulation to win; they also did it while beating Louisville 82-77 in overtime on Jan. 16, when they trailed 68-63 and barely a half-minute remaining.
"I never thought we'd have another game like that in the same season, but we did," Brown said. "But the Louisville game wasn't on our minds. What was on our minds was what coach [Jamie Dixon] said at halftime, they said we were going to win the game. Only a minute to go, and coach still said we were going to win this game. That's what helped us push through."
Pitt led 78-75 near the end of the first overtime but Bryant's 3 tied it with a second left. Butler made three free throws with 20.6 seconds remaining in the second overtime and Pitt's Gary McGhee missed a potential game-winning tip-in with a second remaining, forcing only the second three-overtime game in Panthers history. The first was against George Washington in the 1975-76 season.
In the final overtime, Butler scored with 40.6 seconds left to put West Virginia up 95-94, but Brown -- so exhausted moments before they couldn't dive on the floor for a loose ball -- dropped in their two foul shots with 28.8 seconds left.
Ebanks missed an off-balance jumper from the top of the key with 12 seconds to play, allowing Gibbs -- whose free throw miss at the end of the first overtime set up Bryant's tying 3 -- to convert their two free throws with 11.4 seconds remaining.
Bryant missed a jumper with two seconds left, as Pitt fans who feared the game was over when West Virginia led 68-63 with 36 seconds remaining in regulation staged a jubilant celebration.
Pitt is 6-0 against top-five teams at home since opening the Petersen Events Center in 2002.
"I've done this for 30 years, man," West Virginia coach Bob Huggins said, asked if they could remember a game with so many swings. "There isn't much I haven't seen. They didn't fold, they continue to compete, but they couldn't have won without a lot of help from us."
The Mountaineers dominated Pitt 70-51 in Morgantown on Feb. 3 as their own fans pelted the floor with garbage and Pitt assistant Tom Herrion was struck under their right eye by a coin, but this game was incident free -- and featured a different winner despite West Virginia's 51-44 edge in rebounding.
"I'm proud of our students and the way they handled everything," Dixon said.
West Virginia, coming off an 82-75 loss to Villanova, took that 68-63 lead on Bryant's two free throws but, remarkably, the Panthers tied it only nine seconds later -- just when their fans were starting to head to the exits, resigned to the Mountaineers' first season sweep in five years.
Travon Woodall hit a jumper four seconds later and Nasir Robinson stole the inbounds pass, leading to Gibbs' 3-pointer from a few feet in front of the Pitt bench with 26 seconds remaining.
A game that looked to be over was, in actuality, only getting started.
Gibbs' shot was similar to Ronald Ramon's desperation 3-pointer that beat West Virginia 55-54 two years ago in Pittsburgh. Bryant got off a shot off in the lane with a second left but missed, and the game was headed to overtime.
Then another, and another during a 3-hour game that didn't end until after midnight Eastern time and left some of the fans as weary and as emotionally drained as the players.
SANTA CLARA, Calif., Dec. 28, 2015 – Intel Corporation (“Intel”) today announced that it has completed the acquisition of Altera Corporation (“Altera”), a leading provider of field-programmable gate array (FPGA) technology. The acquisition complements Intel's leading-edge product portfolio and enables new classes of products in the high-growth data center and Internet of Things (IoT) market segments.
“Altera is now part of Intel, and together we will make the next generation of semiconductors not only better but able to do more,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “We will apply Moore's Law to grow today's FPGA business, and we'll invent new products that make amazing experiences of the future possible – experiences like autonomous driving and machine learning.”
Altera will operate as a new Intel business unit called the Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), led by Altera veteran Dan McNamara. Intel is committed to a smooth transition for Altera customers and will continue the support and future product development of Altera's many products, including FPGA, ARM®-based SoC and power products. In addition to strengthening the existing FPGA business, PSG will work closely with Intel's Data Center Group and IoT Group to deliver the next generation of highly customized, integrated products and solutions.
“As part of Intel, we will create market-leading programmable logic devices that deliver a wider range of capabilities than customers experience today,” said McNamara, corporate vice president and general manager of the Programmable Solutions Group at Intel. “Combining Altera's industry-leading FPGA technology and customer support with Intel's world-class semiconductor manufacturing capabilities will enable customers to create the next generation of electronic systems with unmatched performance and power efficiency.”
Intel expects the acquisition to be accretive to non-GAAP EPS and free cash flow in the first full year after close, consistent with prior guidance. Intel expects the acquisition to be dilutive to GAAP EPS in the first full year after close primarily due to acquisition-related costs.
ARM is a registered trademark of ARM Limited (or its subsidiaries) in the European Union and/or elsewhere. All rights reserved.
Forward Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements concerning Altera's development and sale of products and services under its brand and the timing of products to market that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Many factors could affect Intel's actual results, and variances from Intel's current expectations regarding such factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.
Words such as “expects”, “intends”, “plans”, “believes”, “seeks”, “estimates”, “continues”, “may”, “will”, “should”, and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Statements that refer to or are based on projections, uncertain events or assumptions also identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of results and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk that Intel may not realize the anticipated benefits of the Altera acquisition, the risk that Intel may not retain Altera's customer relationships, and other risks associated with the acquisition, including the ability to successfully integrate the acquired technologies or operations, the potential for unexpected liabilities, and our ability to retain key employees of the acquired business.
A detailed discussion of these and other factors that could affect Intel's results is included in Intel's SEC filings, including the report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2014.
With Jurgen Klopp looking to add to their attack this summer, the case to revive Liverpool's interest in Gylfi Sigurdsson is a convincing one.
Sigurdsson was a £7 million target for the Reds back in 2012, after their first spell with Swansea City, with Brendan Rodgers identifying their former charge as a key target.
The Iceland international spurned the opportunity to move to Anfield, however, instead swapping Hoffenheim for Tottenham, spending two years with the north London club.
They have since signed for the Swans on a permanent basis, returning to the Liberty Stadium in a swap deal that saw Ben Davies move in the opposite direction, and they have taken up a key role once more.
But five years later, Sigurdsson should again be on Liverpool's radar, as Klopp seeks to bolster their forward ranks ahead of the 2017/18 campaign.
Here are 10 reasons why Sigurdsson should be a target for Klopp this summer.
Goals and Assists
This season, Liverpool have enjoyed a considerable spread of goals and assists across Klopp's squad, with James Milner (11), Georginio Wijnaldum (11), Divock Origi (12), Philippe Coutinho (14), Adam Lallana (14), Roberto Firmino (18) and Sadio Mane (20) all contributing heavily.
Sigurdsson would be no different, with the forward scoring and assisting 10 or more goals in all but one season since moving up to the Reading first-team squad in 2009/10.
 They are currently enjoying their most productive top-flight campaign yet, scoring eight and setting up 11 in 29 games in the Premier League, leading the league's assist chart.
Set-Piece Prowess
Beyond Milner's penalties, Liverpool are lacking a reliable presence to stand over set-pieces, but Sigurdsson has proven to be a specialist in dead-ball situations throughout their career.
So far this season, no player has created more chances in the Premier League from free-kicks (12) or corners (27), while Sigurdsson has also produced the most goals from set-pieces (six).
Physical Stature
At present, Klopp's attacking line is lacking in height, with Coutinho (5'7″), Mane (5'9″) and Firmino (5'11”) all below 6′, and the German looks to be hoping to address that this summer.
Sigurdsson is 6'1″, providing Klopp with a more physically imposing option in attack.
11 – Gylfi Sigurdsson has assisted the most goals (11) & has covered more ground (318.2km) than any other player in the PL this season. Key. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) March 18, 2017
Work Rate
Adhering to Klopp's high-intensity approach will be of paramount importance to any player making their way to Anfield this summer, and Sigurdsson would certainly be able to adjust to the German's demands.
No player has covered more ground than the 27-year-old in the Premier League so far this season, explaining why Mauricio Pochettino described them as the “perfect player” for their system at Tottenham.
Attitude
A series of managerial changes at Swansea in recent seasons has threatened to hamper their stability, but the arrival of Paul Clement has seen the Englishman instil a humble, hardworking approach.
While there may have been doubts over Sigurdsson's application after switching roles under Clement, speaking in January the manager attested to the contrary.
“I would like to commend them on their work ethic defensively,” they said. “People ask me whether he's alright playing out on the left and say they like to play centrally. I've never had that conversation with him. He's just done exactly what I've asked them to do.”
Versatility
Klopp is a manager who favours tactical flexibility, and this is arguably why the likes of Firmino and Lallana have flourished since their arrival, and why Sigurdsson would be a great fit.
So far this season, they have played in five different positions: central midfield, attacking midfield, left wing, right wing and even as a striker, where they scored three goals in four games.
Experience
The Sigurdsson who would move to Merseyside this summer would be a much different proposition to the Sigurdsson who was in line to join Rodgers' Reds as a 22-year-old back in 2012.
Now 27, they boast seven seasons of top-flight experience, and has proven more than capable of shining in the Premier League.
Leadership
If Sigurdsson did join Liverpool, they would be one of Klopp's oldest outfield players, behind only Milner, Lallana, Daniel Sturridge, Dejan Lovren, Lucas Leiva and Ragnar Klavan.
This has seen them take up a role as leader for both Swansea and Iceland, setting an example for those around them with their industry, quality and consistency, and this would be invaluable for the Reds.
Ready to Step Up
Given their experience and track record in English football, Sigurdsson now finds themselves operating above their station at Swansea, and is more in line with the Premier League‘s leading lights.
Though they failed to establish themselves as a key player at Tottenham, Sigurdsson is now better equipped to make the step up, and Liverpool would be the ideal destination for them to do so.
Value Signing
Despite Sigurdsson's phenomenal record this season, Swansea still find themselves embroiled in a relegation battle, and are one of six sides who face dropping down to the Championship.
While they signed a new four-year contract with the Swans at the beginning of the campaign, relegation would put any suitors in a strong position regarding a potential move.
Liverpool could certainly find great value in pursuing Sigurdsson in that case.
In what appears to be a mostly symbolic gesture, Saudi Arabia says it has granted citizenship to a robot named Sophia. Sophia reacted to the announcement in real time, telling a stage of investors that "I am very honored and proud for this unique distinction. This is historical to be the first robot in the world to be recognized with a citizenship." The news was announced during an interview with journalist Andrew Ross Sorkin.
"It is historical to be the first robot in the world to be recognized with citizenship." Please welcome the newest Saudi: Sophia. #FII2017 pic.twitter.com/bsv5LmKwlf — CIC Saudi Arabia (@CICSaudi) October 25, 2017
It's hard to discern what, if any, actual rights of citizenship Sophia will actually have. Built by Hong Kong-based Hanson Robotics, Sophia has been making the rounds on media circuits for a few months now, having appeared on The Tonight Show a few months ago. The response to Sophia's jokes and comments at the Tonight Show was similar to the response at the Future Investment Initiative conference, held at the Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh.
While the particulars of Sophia's citizenship were not discussed, the news left many on social media pointing out some extra weirdness going on here. For one thing, the robot is clearly gendered as female—Hanson's website breathtakingly describes Sophie as "designed to look like Audrey Hepburn" and says that the robot "embodies Hepburn's classic beauty"—but is getting its "citizenship" in a country known for its repressive stance against women and foreign workers known as kafala.
This robot has gotten Saudi citizenship before kafala workers who have been living in the country their entire lives https://t.co/RRCMH2rtZ8 — Murtaza Mohammad Hussain (@MazMHussain) October 25, 2017
A humanoid robot called Sophia got Saudi citizenship, while millions linger stateless. What a time to be alive. #KSA https://t.co/JVbQWIppyW — Kareem Chehayeb | كريم (@chehayebk) October 25, 2017
Sophia's citizenship is the latest public move the Kingdom has taken to signify its status as a major technological player alongside their neighbor, the United Arab Emirates. The country also recently announced that it will be lifting its ban on female drivers and weaken its guardianship system, which dictates that woman get permission for acts like marriage, seeking medical treatment, or opening a bank account. Human rights organizations have called for the system to be demolished altogether.
Source: Dezeen, BBC
They took Eastern to the Hong Kong Premier league title at the age of just 27. And now they have their eyes on a job in Europe
Forget the East Midlands, perhaps the biggest story of the football year is in east Asia, where Eastern won the Hong Kong Premier League title in April. The wait since the last championship had been 21 years but the headlines were all about the 27 year-old head coach Chan Yuen-ting.
Just days after lifting the trophy, they were presented with another prize. This time it came from the Guinness Book of World Records, for being the first woman to win a top-flight title in men's professional football.
“I never thought this would happen,” they tell the Guardian. “I am not accustomed to all the attention – the photos, the interviews, the videos. It has not been good or bad. I just wanted to do well and if I do then attention is normal. People tell me my story is positive and encourages fans to chase their dream, not to give up and the media helps me spread that message.”
Women's soccer enjoyed its best year in 2015 – and there's more to come Read more
It needs spreading. Women in the men's game are almost non-existent. French second division team Clermont Foot appointed Helena Costa as head coach in 2014. They lasted 49 days before resigning. There was a lack of respect they said, with key decisions made behind their back. Club president Claude Michy claimed different forces were at play. “She is a woman,” they said. “They are capable of leading us to believe in certain things.” They then hired another female, Corinne Diacre.
Chan's success can only help other women. “Maybe I can be a good example,” they say. “It depends on the culture of the region. In Hong Kong, between men and women, there is no discrimination. We are really fair. I am young and a woman and the club gave me a chance.”
It came in December, as the former head coach at Eastern left to take up a post in China. As the only member of the coaching staff with a license from the Asian Football Confederation, Chan was offered the job.
Despite their age, their involvement in the top tier of Hong Kong football goes back six years. The lack of professional women's football in the former British colony at least facilitated an early start to a coaching career for ‘Beef Ball' (the nickname is a long story involving the similarity of one of their names to a Cantonese character and their personality to the traditional Chinese view of a cow), even if their parents preferred the more traditional vocation of teaching. They started with Pegasus in 2010, as a video analyst, and five years later made the Eastern move. Little did they know that they would soon become the boss.
“At the beginning [after taking the job], I regretted becoming head coach. I was scared. I didn't think I was qualified to lead one of the top teams in Hong Kong. I lacked experience but the club, the staff and the boss kept talking to me, encouraging me and supporting me.
“After one or two days, I felt better but I was nervous.” A 6-1 win in the opening game helped as did a second game victory over Eastern's closest challengers, South China. “That gave me confidence.”
Chan gives plenty of credit to the outgoing coach Yeung Ching Kwong. “He built the team's style and we knew the strengths and weaknesses of our players.” The one-time David Beckham fan tweaked rather than tinkered. “At the half season point, we sat and watched all our games so far and analysed our weaknesses. I tried to solve our defensive problem as we sometimes lacked concentration and balance.” Being top sometimes made it harder. “Other teams sat back and it was difficult for us to score. We had to improve our movement in order to break down a compact defence.”
It worked. The title was clinched with a 2-1 win at South China on 22 April. “When the game ended, I felt I was dreaming. All the staff came to me and told me to smile as I could not. It was amazing. All season everyone had worked so hard.” Then came the headlines. First in Hong Kong, then China then Asia and the world.
“To be honest, their success doesn't surprise me – women are disproportionately successful as coaches once they are given the opportunity,” said Moya Dodd the former Australia international and Fifa Executive Committee member. “We see this in women's football, where all but one of the major world tournaments since 2000 have been won by female-coached teams - even though most of the coaches are male.”
The only surprise for Dodd is that the opportunity was actually there. “I'm sure many women coaches will be greatly heartened by their success and recognition. Currently women coaches are all but foreclosed from jobs in men's football, which is where probably 99% of the money lies. The gender pay gap in coaching is more like the Grand Canyon.” Dodd would like to see more women given coaching chances in both sides of the game.
Chan, who has already been offered a job by a Spanish second division club, will stay with the men for the near future. Eastern will most likely be in the Asian version of the Europa League next season and that will be an exciting challenge.
After that though, there should be plenty of options. “In Hong Kong, I will keep working in men's football. One day, if a national women's football team want me, I am happy to go.”
“But it depends on the opportunity. I would love to work in the USA or the UK or elsewhere in Europe. I want to keep improving and learning first. There is still so much to learn.”
On Tuesday, July 11, baseball's best and brightest stars will convene in Miami's Marlins Park for the 2017 All-Star Game. The Home Run Derby will be held on July 10 and the Futures Game will kick off the All-Star festivities on July 9.
On Sunday, MLB unveiled the starters and reserves for the National League and American League All-Star teams. Fan vote, of course, determined the starting position players in each league (eight in the NL and nine -- including DH -- in the AL, and pitchers and reserves were chosen by a combination of player ballot and selections made by the commissioner's office. The respective managers, Joe Maddon of the Cubs for the NL and Terry Francona of the Indians for the AL, will choose the starting pitchers. Maddon will also select their DH from the NL's reserves. Each roster comprises 32 players -- 20 position players and 12 pitchers. As in years past, each of MLB's 30 teams must be represented by at least one All-Star.
Now let's have a look at the 2017 All-Star teams:
And now for roster replacements. As for those being replaced, on the AL side Angels OF Mike Trout, Yankees 2B Starlin Castro, and Astros SP Dallas Keuchel are on the DL and can't participate. As well, Corey Kluber of the Indians, Yu Darvish of the Rangers, and Michael Fulmer of the Tigers are scheduled to start on Sunday and thus won't be available to pitch in the Midsummer Classic. On the NL side, Dodgers SP Clayton Kershaw needs a replacement as he'll also start on Sunday.
In their place, the newly named 2017 replacement All-Stars ...
For those counting, that's four first-time All-Stars within this group. Overall, that makes 28 first-time All-Stars on the 2017 AL and NL rosters.
If past elections are any indication, over 1.5 million Canadians just voted in the 2008 federal election without ever seeing the Conservative party's plan for the country.
Across Canada, advanced polling stations were open for voters on October 3, 4, and 6. But the Conservative Party did not issue its platform for the 2008 federal election until Tuesday (October 7).
The Bloc Québécois, Greens, Liberals, and New Democrats all released full-length party platforms before the end of September.
Susan Friend, an Elections Canada spokesperson for B.C., told the Straight that the official number of Canadians that voted early will be available on Wednesday or Thursday (October 8 or 9).
But if past elections are any indication, the number will surpass 1.5 million. According to statistics made available by Elections Canada, 1,561,039 Canadians took advantage of early polling station in the 2006 federal election. 183,861 of those votes were cast by British Columbians.
The number of Canadians voting early has increased every election for as far back as Elections Canada makes statistics available.
In the 1997 federal election, 704,336 Canadians voted early; in 2000, that number was 775,157; in 2004, it was 1,248,469; and, in 2006, 1,561,039 ballots were cast before the official election date.
Party platforms for the 2008 federal election:
The voting is over and Barack Obama has won a second term as president.
This election took place against a background of rallies and conventions, social media, biting political satire, and billions of dollars of television commercials blanketing the airwaves. Through it all, the debate on the role of the federal government became increasingly polarised.
"This is really one of the great questions of our times ... why do people mistrust government more and more and more, even when arguably this is the moment when they should be doing the opposite?" - Thomas Frank, an author
The US has not been this divided since perhaps the civil war. But this is a battle that has been brewing for decades.
In 1964, Democrat Lyndon Johnson painted Republican Barry Goldwater as a right-wing, small government extremist, and won in a historic landslide. The day after the election, the Republican base began organising for a rematch. With the Reagan revolution, the tide was turned.
Former President Ronald Reagan famously said: "Government is not the solution to our problems, government is the problem."
Every Republican candidate since, including Mitt Romney, has promised to follow in Reagan's footsteps. The Republican Party offers a vision of a drastically reduced federal government, while Democrats argue that government intervention is the only thing that kept the great recession from becoming another depression.
Throughout the campaign, the candidates positioned themselves as leaders of two opposing camps, but their actual records suggest many fundamental similarities.
Some argue that the real question is not the size of the government, or even its role, but rather whose side the government is on. Has it been bought and sold by the one per cent, or is there still room for the 99 per cent? Or even the 47 per cent?
Empire asks: How different will the US look in the next four years? With a divided Congress and citizenry, will partisan gridlock rule, or will the Obama administration, given four more years, alter the path of the US?
Joining us as interviewees: Kwame Anthony Appiah, a Princeton professor and author of Honor Code: How Moral Revolutions Happen; and Thomas Frank, the author of What's the Matter with Kansas and Pity the Billionaire: The Unlikely Comeback of the American Right.
And we discuss the results of the election and what the next four years will look like with our guests: Cynthia McKinney, a former presidential candidate for the Green Party, the first African-American woman to represent the state of Georgia in the US House of Representatives where they served six terms and the author of The Illegal War on Libya; Charles Kupchan, a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations, a former member of President Clinton's National Security Council and the author of No One's World: The West, the Rising Rest, and the Coming Global Turn; Ellen Laipson, the president of the Stimson Center, a former vice chair of the National Intelligence Council and a former member of President Obama's Intelligence Advisory Board; Helle Dale, a senior fellow in Public Diplomacy at the Heritage Foundation; and Steve Rademaker, a foreign policy adviser to Mitt Romney and former assistant secretary of state under President George W. Bush.
Source: Al Jazeera
Florida announced plans on Tuesday for a $1.2 million renovation to its basketball weight room, which is used by both basketball teams, and both golf and tennis teams. The weight room will expand from 1,525 square feet to 3,056 square feet, with construction slated to begin in April with a projected completion date in late August.
Athletics director Jeremy Foley had previously indicated the weight room would be getting a facelift, but Florida hadn't yet released specifics.
The renovation will not only increase the size of the weight room but will also expand office space for training coordinators and make room for a nutritional bar.
"This project will enhance the top-tier training space for our men's and women's programs in that facility," said Chip Howard, the University Athletic Association's executive associate director for internal affairs, in a press release. "When completed, it'll ensure our coaches can continue to recruit, retain and empower our student-athletes to perform at the highest possible level."
"Rapa is extremely isolated, even by Pacific standards”, says Steve Cranwell, BirdLife's Invasive Alien Species Programme Manager. This, coming from a man who knows a thing or two about restoring remote Pacific islands, accustomed to locating coral atolls or tiny rare seabirds, both specks in an endless ocean, before helicopter fuel runs out or a tropical storm hits. Saving Rapa's native wildlife is their next urgent challenge.
About four million years ago, midway between South America and Australia, a volcano erupted beneath the vast expanse of the Pacific Ocean, bringing into existence the beginnings of a unique new world. A four-thousand-hectare island, Rapa Iti (“little Rapa”, named to distinguish it from the distant, larger Rapa Nui or Easter Island) is one of the Bass Islands in the southernmost reaches of French Polynesia, where access for the island's 500 inhabitants is provided only by monthly supply boat.
Despite such isolation, nature somehow flourished, says Cranwell. “With no connecting landmass, the diverse native wildlife are testimony to astonishing oceanic and windborne journeys and a subsequent species radiation.” Think parachuting spiders, seeds and seabird-dropping fertiliser. Thus, Rapa is famed for its endemism: three taxa of rare bird, 31% of plants, hundreds of invertebrates (including 68 weevil species), plus some fish, can be found nowhere else in the world.
Once, clouds of seabirds were said to have blocked out the sun, but, as is the case on many Pacific islands, humans brought with them rats and other invasive mammals, leaving them unchecked to wreak havoc on the evolutionarily unprepared and defenceless native flora and fauna. Sadly, less than 5% of native forest cover remains today, while the island's bird species are a few rat attacks away from oblivion. Like a mini-planet under siege by alien invaders, Rapa's “moons” are where some native species have retreated, literally clinging to existence on rugged predator-free islets and inaccessible cliff sanctuaries.
The birds, all globally Endangered, include Newell's Shearwater Puffinus newelli, Polynesian Storm-petrel Nesofregetta fuliginosa, and Rapa Fruit-dove Ptilinopus huttoni; Murphy's Petrel Pterodroma ultima (Near Threatened) is also present. This April, a BirdLife expedition, supported by the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, set out to Rapa to scope out the logistics of an urgent operation to save them. Proceeds from the 2017 British Birdwatching Fair (“Birdfair”) will enable the project Saving Paradise in the Pacific to build on our invasive species removal techniques pioneered on many other Pacific islands, such as our recent success on the Acteon & Gambier island groups, giving the birds the safe space they need to recover.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter!
There's no time to waste, either. “The thing about Storm-petrels”, says Cranwell, “is that they're so small (only 20-100g) – smaller than a sparrow – and defenceless on land that they're at the mercy of invasive species: either by being eaten, having their nests trampled, or weeds degrading the habitat they need to raise their young.” Until this year's expedition, the fate of Polynesian Storm-petrel on Rapa was largely unknown, but surveys gave a glimmer of hope. “While we couldn't find them in April, we did confirm that the two (small) islets on which they were known to occur remain free of rats, and with the commencement of the breeding season we expect they will return and continue to successfully raise their young”, says Cranwell.
Too remote for science?
Let's face it, accessing Rapa is not easy; such isolation has implications for how well a species is known to science. Two of the seabirds, a local form of Newell's Shearwater called Rapa Shearwater Puffinus newelli myrtae, and the titan subspecies of White-bellied Storm-petrel Fregetta grallaria, have been so understudied that we are not certain whether they are fully separate species or not, although recent evidence points toward Rapa Shearwater being a distinct species Puffinus myrtae. Despite taxonomic disputes, wanton predation and habitat degradation leaves little time to find out for certain. “We can't let these be species of tragic posthumous fame”, says Cranwell. “There's still a lot we need to find out, but this doesn't mean they're any less important.” From the birds' perspective, on “planet Rapa”, one thing's for sure: the removal of invasive species would mean that they could securely recolonise islets to increase their numbers and range. Truly, conservation in action.
The most colourful bird species found on the island stands out against the sombre rainy landscape. Yet, the appearance of the Rapa Fruit-dove Ptilinopus huttoni reflects the vibrant native forest that once carpeted the island: the dove's plumage of camouflage green gives way to a blaze of yellows, rose-purples and berry-reds as they glide from tree to tree and puff themselves up in display. Dependent on the fruits and flowers of Rapa's native forest, never has restoration of this habitat been more urgent for this species. Our census shows a significant decline, the population having possibly halved since the last survey – 30 years ago. “This suggests there are fewer than 200 birds left”, says Caroline Blanvillain of Société d'Ornithologie de Polynésie (SOP Manu, BirdLife in French Polynesia), who led the census, “almost certainly qualifying the species as Critically Endangered”. As Cranwell puts it, the Rapa Fruit-dove is a mere “huff and a puff from extinction”. Confined to tiny forest fragments not yet lost to feral goats, cattle, felling and fires, a replanting programme combined with invasive species control will help save this beautiful bird, and a whole suite of less conspicuous species.
"The Rapa Fruit-dove is a mere huff and a puff from extinction"
For protecting Rapa and its islets from invasive alien species means restoring them to their former glory, with benefits far more than the birds. At the bottom of the food chain, you will find hundreds of endemic land-snail species, all on the slippery slope to extinction. There's a battle between plants too, as weeds like the “horrendously dense thickets” of strawberry guava, plus introduced pines, march across the landscape, aided by feral goats, cattle and horses munching and trampling delicate native flora. Sadly, April's survey confirmed the extinction of the last known stand of Rapa's endemic sandalwood.
Whole ecosystems are affected, but if we act quickly, nature is resilient enough to bounce back. “Seabirds returning to these islets, for example,” says Cranwell, “will restore important ecological processes through their ‘inputs'”. By removing feral goats from the islets, the team of BirdLife and SOP Manu will provide a foundation for forest species to recover and stem the erosion that effects ground-nesting seabirds. Rapa's resident islanders will be involved throughout, helping tackle the daunting Strawberry Guava challenge, and changing the way they manage their grazing livestock, safeguarding Rapa's unique natural heritage. The steep terrain will make rat eradication on the islets challenging; however, the use of new technologies such as drones may provide a solution.
Restoring these islands, which includes transporting people and equipment 1,500 km, won't be short on challenges for the team. Cranwell remains hopeful: “The support from Birdfair is an opportunity like no other for the birds, biodiversity and people of Rapa. With this assistance we will ensure what's so unique about this remote Pacific island continues for generations to come.”
