- The impact of a car crash in Southgate sent a car flying so high in the air it landed on top of an auto shop.
Police say the car hit a landscaping wall in front of a gas station at Dix Highway and Northline Road. The vehicle went airborne, hit a parked tow truck and then flipped up into a sign on top of Motor City Auto Care.
The manager of Motor City Auto Care, Stephen Bermudez said "the car seemed as if it was about 6-feet in the air when it crashed into the tow truck."
The vehicle eventually came to rest on top of the tow truck. No one inside the building was hurt.
"At first, we were calling them and nobody responded. We couldn't see them because the car was in a crunch, and then when the cops came we started looking around and the guy barely spoke. And then we [saw] them and they pulled them out, and it was a miracle that they were alive," one witness at the scene told us. We're unsure at this time of the condition of the driver. The crash is still under investigation.
Another witness, Dennis Grace said that the driver better of had their Superman outfit on.
Southgate director of public safety Thomas Coombs says that the driver of the vehicle will be charged, possibly with operating a vehicle while under the influence.
The investigation is ongoing.
Bermudez says it appeared as if the driver was ok, "luckily the driver walked away, it was ridiculous," they said.
A FOX 2 viewer shared their video with us that they took at the scene after the crash. You can watch that below, or by clicking here.
Cooler temperatures are predicted to span much of the eastern part of the United States throughout the month of August.
The first of several spells of below-average temperatures saw shorts exchanged for sweaters across the east of the country over the weekend, with lows of 60F in Chicago and Green Bay on Friday.
Those overnight lows are expected to persist in lands east of the Rockies for the next two weeks, with daytime highs ranging from the upper 70s to the low 80s, according to Weather.com.
Scroll down for video
A map shows that a cold front is forecast to sweep across large parts of the country from the east during the first half of August, plunging temperatures below the month's average
Blue spots covering the east and Midwest show a higher chance of temperatures falling below the average for this time of year
A shift in the jet stream is expected to bring unusually cold weather and rain to territories east of the Rockies for the next two weeks, with storms on the East Coast on Monday
Lows of 60F were seen in parts of the east and Midwest over the weekend, with the weather resembling fall rather than summer (Tuesday forecast pictured)
Experts say a southward dip in the jet stream is causing the cooling effect.
This pattern will continue into the second week of August with below-average temperatures affecting much of the East Coast, Midwest, and some of the South.
The Weather Channel reports that Sunday morning saw record breaking lows in Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee and Indiana.
Another cold front is also expected to bring thunderstorms and showers through the central and eastern states early this week.
The weather divide is visible in Wednesday's forecast, with most places west of Denver seeing sun and high temperatures, while most places east are colder than usual with rain
Forecasters say the pattern of lower temperatures in the east will continue until at least the second week in August, though could reverse after that (pictured, Thursday forecast)
New York City will be hit with showers and cloudy skies Monday morning, with temperatures staying in the high 60s.
Between spells of cold weather temperatures could return to somewhere approaching seasonal norms, but the trend is for weather to be predominantly colder than usual, according to the Washington Post.
This is expected to persist until mid-August, which could then see a reversal of fortunes and warmer-than-average temperatures until September.
Arsenal midfielder Aaron Ramsey has voiced their admiration for Mesut Ozil following the Germany international's fine performances in 2015-16.
Ozil has already set up seven goals in nine Premier League appearances this campaign, scoring once himself, and Ramsey is in awe of their team-mate's passing skills.
"He has a great eye for a ball – they have many assists – and their weight of pass is fantastic as well," Ramsey told the official UEFA website.
"He finds those little pockets of space very well and links up the play."
Nevertheless, Ramsey has made it clear Ozil is not the best player they have played with at Arsenal since joining the club from Cardiff City in 2008.
"Cesc Fabregas is the best player I have played with at Arsenal. They play in the same position as me and to have them to look up to when I first came here...," the Wales international added.
"He was playing every week, assisting, scoring. They were just a very accomplished midfielder, so probably him."
Ramsey also had words of praise for Arsenal youngster Alex Iwobi and has backed the 19-year-old to shine.
"Alex Iwobi is one to look out for, I think.  They are very gifted and has great feet, so I am sure they will be one to look out for in the future," they concluded.
Android 5.1 coming to Xperia Z series in August says Telstra
Android 5.1 Lollipop is scheduled to land in August 2015 for the Sony Xperia Z series according to Australian carrier Telstra. In its latest “Software Updates” roadmap, Telstra has listed three Xperia Z series devices (Xperia Z, Z1 and Z1 Compact) for the update. Telstra says that a test submission was received on 1 May but that a “showstopper issue” was identified. A new submission is now expected on 10 July.
Generally speaking, we expect that generic devices would receive the update before carriers so the wait for Android 5.1 on Xperia may be shorter than August. However, it is unlikely to be significantly earlier. Judging by the “showstopper issue”, it sounds like it won't land before July at the earliest. Is this later than you expected? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below.
Thanks Mahesh!
A 31-year-old man is making a huge public fuss over the fact that a flight attendant on a major airline asked them to move their seat away from an unaccompanied 10-year-old girl. He's saying the airplane embarrassed them and made people think they were a pedophile. How childish of him. This is not the first time someone (usually a man) has pulled the discrimination card on these airline policies. But really, they should just shut up about it. As a parent, I think this policy is an excellent one for protecting kids. As a passenger, this is an even excellenter policy, because who wants to sit next to a kid on a plane when you absolutely don't have to.
Hopefully when you are on a plane, you are going somewhere relaxing to get away from kids of any kind. I mean, we love our precious little snowflakes and all, but let's be real -- some parent is putting their unaccompanied minor on that plane for a reason.
There is maybe only one perk to sitting next to little kids on a plane, and that is that they are usually pretty small. There is nothing worse than getting a seat next to a pleasantly plump person whose legs overflow the arm rests into your personal territory -- that you paid for. (Alright, maybe two perks. If kids are sitting next to you, then they aren't sitting behind you constantly kicking your seat, with you constantly craning your neck back at them with your annoyed "stop it" face on.)
But other than that, there are really nothing but negatives.
-- Too-loud iPods bleeding through their ear buds
-- All that fidgeting
-- Gum chomping
-- Constantly asking the flight attendant for something -- crunchy snacks, to go to the bathroom for the 15th time, to shut the overhead air thing off, can I have a pillow?
Man, feels like I never even left home.
Other men have contested these kinds of "all men are pedophiles" policies on planes and won. One of the arguments of the man who was asked to move their seat on Qantas recently was that it's highly unlikely a child is going to be harmed by a stranger on a flight, that a child is more likely to be assaulted by someone they know. That is very true, statistically, and it probably is discriminatory in a way, but who cares.
It's such a non-event to move your seat. If something like this could prevent incidents like the pervert groping a sleeping teen boy on a JetBlue flight recently, then it's worth just sucking it up and finding something else to complain about. This is the airline industry we are talking about, after all, the choices are unlimited.
Do you think this policy is really that bad or should these men just get over themselves and move their seat as asked?
Image via vincent a desjardins/Flickr
The much anticipated Rugby World Cup begins in just 50 days. Since England was awarded the tournament in 2009, the RFU will have been considering the effects of the tournament including raising the profile of rugby and boosting some of the dwindling attendances in the club game.
Many of the effects of the Rugby World Cup are positive- particularly for England. The primary effect will be to increase rugby's popularity during and immediately after the tournament, which will encourage children to take up the sport. The RFU should be tapping into this enthusiasm and aim to provide opportunities for youngsters to play the game. Perhaps a child inspired by the World Cup will be the next Chris Robshaw, Owen Farrell or Jonathan Joseph in 10 years.
The Ripple Effect of Hosting the Rugby World Cup
Several Premiership clubs are hoping to capitalise on the aftermath of the Rugby World Cup and attract more spectators. Some of the smaller clubs such as Newcastle and London Irish have suffered from shrinking crowds which obviously affects their revenue. Therefore, they need the bigger attendances in order to sustain their club, retain key players and entice marquee signings. The larger the attendance, the more money the club has to attract international players which in turn draws more crowds creating an upward spiral. This effect is already noticeable in that many high profile Southern Hemisphere players such as James Horwill, Ben Franks and Frank Halai have signed for Harlequins, London Irish and Wasps respectively.
Unlike many other major sporting events that take place in the UK, such as Wimbledon and the 2012 Olympics, games will be played throughout England and Wales from Newcastle to Cardiff and Manchester to Exeter. This allows rugby to flourish in towns and cities that historically prefer football, again increasing the popularity of the sport.
The results will reach beyond rugby. It is hoped that a World Cup on home soil will unite the country in the same patriotic fever as in the London 2012 Olympics. The Rugby World Cup may also boost tourism a little, offering an advert of the UK to fans watching worldwide and of course acting as an attraction in its own right.
However, many of the predicted effects hinge on the success of England's tournament. If they fail to reach the knock out stages- a real possibility with both Australia and Wales in their group- there is a risk that most of the public interest and media attention will evaporate along with the increased coverage of rugby.
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA – SEPTEMBER 11: A Rugby World Cup 2015 rugby ball is seen in Sydney on September 11, 2014 in Sydney, Australia. Tickets for matches to the Rugby World Cup 2015 tournament, held in the UK next year, went on sale September 12, 2014. (Photo by Cameron Spencer/Getty Images for England Rugby 2015)
Max Nalsky is the founder and CEO of Pyrus, the workplace collaboration and productivity platform.
We operate in a world of inboxes. Everyone has their or their collection of points where other people can touch them — email, Facebook, Twitter, Skype – the list goes on. It's easily overwhelming, and we are cursed with options when it comes to communicating with people nowadays.
We can't get rid of these various means of interaction, and we can't even choose just one. But we can choose a default that we pay the most attention to.
For most, this default inbox is email. After all, email is effectively a social network that's three times the size of Facebook — nearly everyone with internet access has an email address, if not multiple.
It's dead simple, it's free, and you don't need to “find” someone before communicating with them. You only need to provide someone's unique ID and you're set to interact with that person instantaneously.
But email's convenience has been hijacked by marketers and careless workers. It stopped being useful somewhere between five and ten years ago, and it's been a problem ever since. Even if you don't count all the spam messages sent every day, the 3 billion of us with internet access are still sending and receiving more than 180 billion emails on a daily basis.
The average office worker receives 110 messages a day and spends 28 percent of their time handling email. Imagine how powerful it would be for your organization to reclaim that lost time!
Can we truly get rid of email?
It's easy to see why Y Combinator's Paul Graham calls replacing email a “frighteningly ambitious startup idea.” And why shouldn't we replace it? It has problems baked right into it, automatically including the text of all previous replies below your current reply, back and forth forever.
If you've ever made an embarrassing reply-all mistake, you certainly know the downsides of email. In fact, Nielsen got rid of the reply-all button for its internalemail under the guise of requiring employees to be more mindful about who they include on a message, but smart money says the decision was only made after an Executive Vice President replied all (to every single Nielsen employee) with a rather arrogant note intended for one person.
Killing email for your organization absolutely implement positive changes. When Thierry Breton, CEO of Atos, estimated that a mere 10 percent of their workers' emails were actually useful and productive, they instituted a zero-email policy.
“We are producing data on a massive scale that is fast polluting our working environments and also encroaching into our personal lives,” they said. Since instituting the policy, the company's culture is forever changed and is more collaborative.
I still use email, but it's never for anything pressing or important. Multimillion dollar deals or urgent approvals simply don't appear there. When I give people my business card, roughly half will connect on LinkedIn, half will communicate via email. There is no urgency.
If you'd like to institute a new email policy that will save time for you and your workers, here are some ideas.
Try software or apps that have your organization generating less email from the start
If you know you'll be using a lot of short-form pinging, group communication utility Slack sets you up with as many chat rooms as your company might need. If people can instantly connect with each other there, then this makes for less inbox clutter for everyone.
For larger, more mature organizations I would think about solutions that provide a lot more structure – HipChat and TigerText. Some companies have also opted to build their own solutions, like we have for task and workflow management.
It really comes down to how your company communicates: journalists tend to constantly ping each other with ideas and very short questions, and thus Slack's adoption within reporting has been huge.
A large organization, however, might over-communicate in a different way – has this document been done? Can I see a revision? Just following up on that email…generally not an efficient nor structured way to do business at scale.
Set a company-wide policy as to what merits sending an email
This is drastic, but it quickly sends the message that you're reevaluating what will and won't work for your company's productivity. Confirm for people that email is not “chat,” and it's not for pinging your colleagues for updates on project statuses. Whatever you decide should and shouldn't be an email, outline the characteristics clearly.
Intentionally quitting email is for brave CEOs only
No other person in the company can take responsibility for this kind of decision, and you need to be brave and forward-thinking, since quitting email requires certain discipline. But in the long term, it's very valuable for the company to implement such culture change.
The no-email strategy has already been adopted by Bud Selig of the MLB, Janet Napolitano at the Department of Homeland Security, and Hank Paulson, former secretary of the Treasury. It sets the type of tone that demands a response in how your people do their jobs.
If you're one such CEO looking to make this kind of shift in the workplace, you should search for a tool that would help you manage your people transparently and without formality. It's quite obvious that we can still do big and important work without needing to lean so heavily on email.
We put on a man on the moon, for example, without having to sign in to Gmail a single time.
Read next: The key to better work? E-mail less, flow more
Read next: Last chance: Enter our giveaway to win a new iPhone 6
I can't believe that after a little more than one month our stay in Mexico has come to an end!
We sure made the most out of our time in Mexican lands and enjoyed such a variety of places and activities. We truly love Mexico and could even consider living in this country one day, who knows! By the beach I would say!…
There are many reasons why I think you should consider traveling in Mexico. Obviously this would depend on the stuff you like doing and the places you feel attracted to. But here are some good reasons to keep in mind!
1. Variety of things to see & do
There is only one country that I have visited and that I think could ever compete with Mexico in this matter: India. In both countries there is such a variety of places, people, culture, landscapes, and even climates!
In Mexico, we started by the beach (Riviera Maya), passed by some big cities (Merida, Tuxtla Gutierrez, Oaxaca and, obviously, Mexico City); spent days at the jungle around Palenque and the woods and lakes in the south of Chiapas. In one month's time we went from laying under the golden sun in our swimming suits to having to seek refugee from the rain in Chiapas and even wore our thickest jackets around the DF. All in one month!
Long live this variety! Mexicans who can afford to travel around are very lucky… they can get SO MUCH within their own country!
2. Food (and drinks!)
Mexican cuisine is present all over the world, and that can't be just a coincidence! Rich in flavors, textures, meaty, spicy and, most of the time, based on corn, offers not only main dishes but a big range of snacks, popularly called “antojitos”. You won't seat at a restaurant table that hasn't lime wedges and at least 3 hot sauces for you to season your food to taste! If your mouth isn't burning enough after that, try gulping down some tequila… it leaves you on fire!
Mexican cuisine is tasty as hell, and you do not need to sit down at a restaurant to enjoy it. Street vending is super popular and this doesn't mean you will only get a taco here and there. NO! You will get full dishes, snacks, coffee, fresh juices, smoothies… you name it!
NOTE: if you are a vegetarian, your food experience in Mexico will suffer some serious cuts. 3. Culture
The capital of Mexico is the city with the biggest concentration of museums in the entire world! If it's true that quantity doesn't necessarily mean quality, it is also true that, amongst so many exhibitions, it's quite likely that there is something for all tastes out there!
And culture is not only about exhibits locked inside rooms. You can feel the culture in the streets, closer to the people… this is very noticeable in Oaxaca, for example. The city walls are painted with beautiful graffiti, sculptures of little people invade downtown and all over you see posters of art fairs, craft markets or movie screenings. It's such a pleasure to see that so much is going on!
4. History
Mexico's history is all over the country. Its well-preserved historical sites like world-famous Chichen Itza (one of the New Wonders of the World) or Teotihuacan, tell the tales of what this land was millenniums ago! You could spend a life-time in Mexico and still not visit all the ruins spread around the country.
For those interested in history and archeology, Mexico is a must! And for those who have a more general curiosity, you'll see that while visiting these sites not only you will learn interesting facts but also have fun climbing temples and getting magnificent views of the surroundings that were once considered sacred.
5. Colors all around! Mexico is one colorful country, no doubt about that! Just picture London in the Winter, for example: grey sky, grey buildings, people wearing grey clothes. Well, this is the total opposite! Houses are painted with bright tones, people proudly drive shiny cars, restaurants and cafes display different colors in their walls, tables, chairs, table cloths… everywhere! Even people's clothes tend to be happy!
6. Friendly people
In general, Mexicans are welcoming, smiley and make you feel safe and at home. They are always ready to give you directions, to make a joke about anything that might come up or ask you where you're from. They like talking! This is also one “camera-friendly” country where people don't seem to be bothered if you click some photos and they are on frame. I love “camera-friendly” people – says a lot about their level of friendliness.
7. Relaxed life-style
My Mexican friend Rodrigo told us that once, at a bar in the Netherlands, they saw a poster that depicted the “Dogs of the World”. Apparently, the German dog had a very sober pose, the British dog looked very snobbish, and there were other European dogs looking all mighty fine. Next to those, there was the Mexican Dog: looking lazy under a sombrero alongside a cactus and a shot of tequila! Rodrigo says that this lazy stereotype that the World seems to associate with Mexican people isn't true. They actually work a lot – and we've seen that with our own eyes! While at Rodrigo's house, they and their girlfriend would always come home at around 10pm after a hard day of work since early morning.
The lazy life-style might not be true, but I would say that the relaxed approach to life is there. Mexicans do not stress over every little thing like Europeans do, for example. If it can't be done today, then it'll get done tomorrow. And it's not about being lazy, but more about prioritizing what really matters in life and “selecting” what's worth stressing over.
8. Ever-present music
Example of the happy vibe that you generally feel around Mexico, is that there is always music playing everywhere, particularly in public transportation. Sometimes, in the bus, you might even get a movie playing with full blasting sound, while the radio is simultaneously on. It can get annoying if you are tired and trying to nap, but it's fun most of the time!
Riding the bus in Mexico you are in for some Latin music experience!
9. Excellent Transportation
- Bus: Transportation options are modern, good quality and decently priced. The buses for medium to long distances have more legroom than any plane I have ever been on! Seats are comfy, bathrooms-on-wheels are fairly clean and they even have a check-in system for your luggage! You give your suitcase and get a token that you should return upon arrival, to make sure that the bag you want to take is rightfully yours. Others countries could also use a system like this!
- Colectivo: If you don't want to use the main buses, you can always take a “colectivo” – small vans or taxis shared by several people with a common destination. You can virtually go anywhere like this and pay what the locals pay.
American and British intelligence hope to take advantage of social media platforms, like Twitter, YouTube and Facebook, in an effort to spread disinformation and propaganda, as well as potentially foment public protests, recent Snowden leaks claim.
According to Glenn Greenwald, the journalist who first broke the news on the Snowden NSA leaks, an Orwellian-style dystopia is lurking on the horizon as western spy agencies see an opportunity for manipulating public opinion and disseminating state propaganda by exploiting global internet giants, such as Flickr, YouTube, Facebook and Twitter.
“These ideas – discussions of how to exploit the internet, specifically social media, to surreptitiously disseminate viewpoints friendly to Western interests and spread false or damaging information about targets – appear repeatedly throughout the archive of materials provided by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden,” Greenwald revealed in the online publication, The Intercept, where they are an editor.
While it is already known is that British analysts had instructed the NSA in 2012 how to conduct real-time surveillance on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube, as well as collect the computer addresses of billions of the sites' users, the new report shows the GCHQ has moved to actively push particular news stories into the public domain.
At the 2010 annual “SIGDEV” gathering of the “Five Eyes” surveillance alliance comprising the UK, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the US, discussion focused on developing methods for the purpose of “discrediting” foreign governments by secretly exploiting social media for “propaganda,” “deception,” “mass messaging,” and “pushing stories,” Greenwald reveals.
The leaked documents are from a GCHQ publication titled ‘Psychology: A New Kind of SIGDEV' (Signals Development).
The document, presented by GCHQ's Joint Threat Research Intelligence Group (JTRIG), outlines the goal of “using online techniques to make something happen in the real or cyber world,” including “information ops (influence or disruption).” The agency said its JTRIG and Computer Network Exploitation operations make up “5 percent of Operations” at GCHQ.
The annual SIGDEV conference, according to one NSA document released by The Intercept, “enables unprecedented visibility of SIGINT Development activities from across the Extended Enterprise, Second Party and US Intelligence communities.”
And for anybody who thought the mainstream media could not possibly become less independent, think again. The document details a practice called “credential harvesting,” which – in an earlier report drawn up by NBC – is described as an effort to “select journalists who could be used to spread information” advantageous to the government.
According to NBC, GCHQ operatives would use “electronic snooping to identify non-British journalists who would then be manipulated to feed information to the target of a covert campaign.” Then, “the journalist's job would be to provide access to the targeted individual, perhaps for an interview.”
Anonymous sources quoted in the NBC report claimed at the time that GCHQ had not employed the technique.
Fomenting dissent one Tweet at a time
Communist-ruled Cuba has already been used as a testing ground for exactly such foreign infiltration. This week, the Associated Press revealed a clandestine operation - call it The Bay of Tweets - run by the US Agency for International Development (USAID) to create “a Twitter-like Cuban communications network” to promote dissenting viewpoints among its audience.
The program, dubbed ZunZuneo (Cuban slang for a hummingbird's tweet), operated in the shadows as a social media platform for more than two years, attracting tens of thousands of subscribers. Its audience, mostly young Cubans, had no idea the site was a product of USAID, nor that the social media platform was accumulating personal data about users “in the hope that the information might be used someday for political purposes,” AP noted.
By 2011, the documents revealed that USAID was paying “tens of thousands of dollars in text messaging fees to Cuba's telecommunications monopoly routed through a secret bank account and front companies.”
By mid-2012, the shady new Cuban platform had vanished, while USAID, which relies on public trust to continue its operations in foreign countries, seems to have a lot of explaining to do. But it won't be the first time.
In September 2012, Russia's Foreign Ministry denied USAID permission to continue with its operations on the territory of Russia after 20 years, saying that the agency was seeking to manipulate the election processes in the country.
“The character of the agency's work…did not always comply with the declared aims of cooperation in bilateral humanitarian cooperation,” the Foreign Ministry said. “We are talking about issuing grants in an attempt to affect the course of the political processes in the country, including elections at different levels and institutions in civil society."
Meanwhile, revelations of USAID's secret “Cuban Twitter” program come at a particularly curious time in global affairs, especially with ongoing civil strife in Ukraine. That ongoing political crisis witnessed Western-orientated protesters, which are strongly suspected of receiving Western support for their activities, engaging in violent anti-government protests in Kiev that ultimately forced democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovich to flee the country.
USAID, which has been operating in Ukraine since 1992, declares on its Ukrainian website that it is “partnering with Ukrainians for more participatory, transparent and accountable governance processes.” Whatever the validity of that mission statement may be, it is indisputable that the US State Department, as witnessed by comments by Viktoria Nuland in a leaked phone call with the US Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, is certainly no disinterested spectator to the events unraveling on Russia's border.
“I don't think that (Vitaly) Klitschko should go into the government. I don't think it is necessary. I don't think it is a good idea,” Nuland reportedly said.
“In terms of them not going into the government, just let them stay out and do their political homework,” a male voice - believed to be Pyatt - replied. “In terms of the process moving ahead, we want to keep the moderate democrats together.”
Ukrainian opposition leader Arseniy Yatsenyuk should be in charge of the new government, Nuland asserted, and Klitschko would not get along with him. “It's just not going to work,” they said.
Whether USAID, with the complicity of the biggest names on the internet, were attempting to foment civil unrest in Ukraine and Russia remains unknown, but the details of its work in Cuba has dark connotations.
At the same time WikiLeaks was publishing thousands of documents from the Democratic National Committee that were damaging to Hillary Clinton and believed to have been stolen by Kremlin-backed hackers, it rejected at least 68 gigabytes of data from inside the Russian Interior Ministry, Foreign Policy reports.
FP spoke with the person who said they provided WikiLeaks with the Russia documents last summer, and was shown chat messages between the person and WikiLeaks. WikiLeaks said at the time that "as far as we recall, these are already public," and told FP when reached via Twitter that it "rejects all submissions that it cannot verify" but "has never rejected a submission due to its country of origin." The Twitter account is believed to be run by Assange, but FP was told by the account that it's operated by a staffer.
The person who provided the messages to WikiLeaks told FP that the documents "would have exposed Russian activities and shown WikiLeaks was not controlled by Russian security services," and that because "many WikiLeaks staff and volunteers or their families suffered at the hands of Russian corruption and cruelty, we were sure WikiLeaks would release it. Assange gave excuse after excuse." The cache was published online elsewhere, to little fanfare. Assange, who in 2012 had their own show on the Kremlin-backed RT network, has been accused of being too close to Russia, and came under fire when WikiLeaks failed to publish major documents out of the country, including paperwork showing a transaction worth 2 billion euros between a government-owned bank and the Syrian regime, FP reports. Catherine Garcia
Wed Dec 16, 2015 1:28 am
I am also interested actually what is up with the way people are talking about the new mod. What's the history?
Greetings r/btc,
I have been in discussions with Roger Ver about the state of r/btc and how to make the subreddit a safe place for discussion that promotes Bitcoin, is a source of information for bitcoiners and helps new users.
Their vision is to make the subreddit a place where Bitcoin enthusiasts can discuss and learn and for it to be a welcoming place for newcomers.
The current state of the subreddit however is more akin to war-zone and unless something is done to improve the atmosphere, the subreddit will not contribute to the growth and enrichment of the ecosystem.
My own observations and feelings:
What is most apparent is there are two kinds of user here. There are people genuinely interested in Bitcoin and keen to learn and share as much as they can, and there appears to be a smaller faction who are not conducting themselves in good-faith and are intent on injecting negativity at every turn to promote their pet political interests. These people are ruining the experience for everyone else.
The community has a right to ask tough questions, especially from those who may appear to have more influence, miners, developers, startups, venture capitalists. However, questions should be civil and in good faith. We can disagree with the answers, or not like things without degenerating to hatred or baseless conspiracy theories. It's important for everyone to be open when they discuss. Remember you're talking to other human beings. Remember, you may learn something new, or you might find a new avenue of thought because of an lively exchange. Healthy debate does not have to be negative debate.
When it comes to the issue of facts, of course, facts are not always black and white. What is best for the Bitcoin protocol is more about a question of tradeoffs than black and white arguments, although the consequences of a or b may be much clearer, whether it's right or best is not clear. If you follow the academic discussions about the Bitcoin protocol, let's say pre "the blockwarz", you will find a particular way of engaging, and one where authors are always self critical of their own work and ideas.
It's also time to show respect for people who are more technically experienced.
If you want to have influence, you need to spend time learning the intricacies. Many of the experts are willing to share their time to explain. When you have more knowledge you may even be the one innovating new ideas or finding problems with proposals. But it's time we all ate some humble pie and not assume we're experts in every field.
Remember, this subreddit is for everyone, it's for veterans and for newbies alike. Roger Ver wants Bitcoin to succeed. Some do not agree with all how they go about it. However, I am convinced after many discussions that Roger is sincere in their quest to change the world in a non-violent manner with Bitcoin as their "weapon".
We will not succeed as a community if we are constantly attacking each-other... but we will also not succeed if we dont ask hard questions and allow people to answer. More importantly, we will not succeed if a small group of thugs is able to censor discussion with their decisive trolling.
I also ask people not to abuse the voting system as a method of censure. Reddit administrators have already shut down vote brigading rings: use the voting system to promote informative content. Use down-votes against bad behaviour. That way both sides of a debate can be seen, and we can use some social justice to filter out those who are not contributing positively to the atmosphere.
So these are my thoughts.
I'm in discussion with the other moderators of /r/btc to see if we can create some community guidelines as a first step to improving the atmosphere here. Trolls, you know who you are, consider yourselves on warning change is coming.
Overall, my own perspective is it is possible to hold one view while being balanced towards those who hold a different view. Think of it like religious tolerance which you should take into consideration when reading the disclaimer below. I have my own opinions, but I do not seek to censor others, only to encourage an environment of good faith where people can learn from each other.
Disclosures: I contribute to Bitcoin Core and Viacoin. I am championing BIP68 and BIP112 at the moment which will be useful for more advanced smart contracts in Bitcoin and which are also required for Lightning Network. I have funded Peter Todd in Core Development, including work on RBF and CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY. I support the Bitcoin Core developers general plan for scaling the protocol as laid out by /u/nullc and I do not support any sense of trying to change Bitcoin by force.
Unusual cemeteries
There comes a moment, when used planes, tanks, and even telephone booths need to be replaced with new ones. But what to do with those old? You can't just scrap them, can you?
[msa-ads data-ad-client=”ca-pub-6965588547261395″ data-ad-slot=”7732882042″]
Aircraft Boneyard, USA
The 309th Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Group (AMARG), often called The Boneyard, is a United States Air Force aircraft and missile storage and maintenance facility in Tucson, Arizona, located on Davis-Monthan Air Force Base. AMARG was previously Aerospace Maintenance and Regeneration Center, AMARC, the Military Aircraft Storage and Disposal Center, MASDC, and started life after World War II as the 3040th Aircraft Storage Group.
AMARG takes care of more than 4,400 aircraft, which would make it the second largest air force in the world. An Air Force Material Command unit, the group is under the command of the 309th Maintenance Wing at Hill Air Force Base, Utah. AMARG was originally meant to store excess Department of Defense and Coast Guard aircraft, but has in recent years been designated the sole repository of out-of-service aircraft from all branches of the US government.
AMARC has also been site of filming for scenes in several movie and television productions, despite the rather heavy security of AMARG and the base in general. The most recent and notable of these is Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. The exterior scenes of the Smithsonian set were actually filmed in the Boneyard. The background of several shots can be clearly recognized while looking toward the fence-line from one of the major streets that run along the perimeter.
Ship Graveyard, Mauritania
The city of Nouadhibou (Arabic: نواذيبو‎) is the second largest city in Mauritania and serves as the country's commercial center.It is famous for being the location of one of the largest ship graveyard in the world. Hundreds of rusting ships can be seen all around, in the water, and on beaches.
One of the most commonly read explanation for that situation is that Mauritanian harbor officers were taking bribes and allowing ships to be discarded in the harbor and around the bay.
This phenomenon started in the 80's after the nationalization of the Mauritanian fishing industry, numerous uneconomical ships were simply abandoned there. I'm guessing that foreign shipowners later found very convenient to get rid of their old vessels in the bay.
Graveyard Train, Bolivia
There were plans to develop the area near the city of Uyuni (3660 ft above the sea level) into a great railroad hub and terminal station. The construction started in the late 19th century, but was never completed.
Today, the empty husks of steam locomotives are rusting away under the watchful sun, like some kind of discarded metal carapaces – while the soft pinky-flesh train “kiddies”, no doubt, roam the desert, chewing on some llamas…
A picture worthy of S. Dali, perhaps entitled “Time & Rust” –
Strategic bombers graveyard, Russia
Although not as large as the graveyard in Arizona, the Russian aircraft base, located about 100 km from Vladivostok, is full of unused machines.
Here are rusting relics of the Cold War – medium-range bombers Tu-22M Backfire which were capable of carrying nuclear warheads and intercontinental attacks.
Probably a few years ago it was normally operating air-force base.
Anchor Cemetery, Portugal
Among the dunes of Tavira island, in Portugal, there's an impressive anchor graveyard called theCemitério das Âncoras. It was built in remembrence of the glorious tradition of tuna fishing with large nets (“armações de atum”) fixed with these anchors, a fishing technique already invented by the Phoenicians.
Tavira used to be a place devoted to the tuna fishing. They built up this anchor graveyard to remember those who had to quit their occupation when the big fish abandoned the coasts.
USSR red army tanks graveyard, east of Kabul, Afghanistan
On the outskirts of Kabul there is massive storage of unused tanks. They belonged to the Soviet troops which occupied Afghanistan in the years 1979-1989.
When the Soviets began to withdraw, they did not have time to think about the fate of the damaged vehicles.
Now, you can not count on their fast recycling and all indicates that there will stay there for years.
Graveyard of submarines, Russia
The “resting place” of Soviet submarines is bay on the Kola Peninsula, near Severomorsk. Ships came here in the 70's the last century and it seems that they are forgotten.
Local residents say that some were used as targets to practice for other units. Others were simply abandoned here, probably in line with the “out of sight, out of mind.”
Graveyard of boats, Uzbekistan
Uzbek town Mujnak once was full of life. All that changed the moment when the nearby Aral Sea began to dry up.
Boats full of fish became only memory. Currently, the lake is now about 100 miles from the Mujnaku.
The town used to have more than 10 000 inhabitants> Now it's just few hundred. Most of them live on welfare.
Taxi graveyard, China
In the center of Chinese city of Chongqing, we can find a taxi cemetery. Economic development meant that more and more people could afford to own a car. Therefore, the taxi stopped being so much needed and found their way here.
Graveyard of telephone booths, England
This cemetery may be only in one country. In the vicinity of the village of Carlton Miniott is a place where worn, red booths go (which are systematically replaced by new ones).
[msa-ads data-ad-client=”ca-pub-6965588547261395″ data-ad-slot=”7732882042″]
Sources: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Venezuelan soldiers try to control the crowd as people attempt to buy chickens at a Mega-Mercal, a subsidized state-run street market, in Caracas January 24, 2015. Carlos Garcia Rawlins/Reuters Imagine devoting your entire month's paycheck just to get a few eggs and a couple of bags of pasta.
This is the unfortunate reality for many of Venezuela's 30 million residents, Vox recently reported.
The country is currently in the midst of a massive political and economic collapse that has left the population hungry and in dire need of food.
Venezuela's inflation rates are currently the highest in the world, Vox wrote, and some economic analysts expect the inflation rate to hit 2,200% by the end of 2017.
As a result, the bolívar, Venezuela's currency, has been significantly devalued, making it more difficult and more expensive for the government and retail stores to purchase food to stock shelves. This has led to steep price tags and lack of access to basic needs.
There are three types of markets where people can buy food in Venezuela. There are government-owned stores that offer food at a subsidized price, which makes them more affordable. These stores implement strict rules, however, CNN noted.
Customers can only buy food on a certain day of the week, and they often have to stand in lines for hours — with no guarantee that there will be food left to purchase. Another option is the private supermarket, which is more expensive and still faces the same shortage issues.
The last option is to buy food on the black market, a method that CNN reported is "illegal and can be dangerous." This option is also incredibly expensive: Oftentimes, an item can cost about 15 times more than it would cost at the government-owned markets.
People loot a supermarket in San Felix in the state of Bolivar, Venezuela July 31, 2015. Food shortages in Venezuela have intensified as the country's economic crisis deepens. During the looting at a supermarket on Friday, one man was shot dead, according to local media. REUTERS/Wilmer Gonzalez
When the national minimum wage is about 15,000 bolívars per month, or about $1,507.58 USD, black market prices are nearly impossible to afford. One bag of pasta can go for the equivalent of more than $300 USD dollars when purchased through illegal means, CNN noted.
That equates to about one fifth of a minimum wage salary, and provides just a few meals-worth of food. A bag of pasta of the same size costs just a few dollars in the U.S. It's worth nothing that, according to a 2015 study, 76% of Venezuelan citizens are living in poverty when it comes to income, the Wall Street Journal reported.
While the country has turned to other means to bring food into the country — such as letting Jamaica pay off its oil debts with food, according to the Independent — it looks like food prices, and hunger rates, will remain sky high for the near future.
Here's a look at just how costly basic groceries sold in Venezuela's black market can be:
1. Powdered Milk
Mic
Fresh milk is nearly impossible to find in Venezuela right now, CNN noted, so many are turning to powdered milk instead. Though it didn't specify, assuming CNN used the same weight for its powdered milk evaluation as it did for pasta and flour, a kilogram goes for 7,000 bolivares ($703.54 USD), or nearly half of a minimum wage monthly paycheck, on the black market. Two pounds of powdered milk, which is just under one kilogram, goes for $7.24. This means for the price of one box of powdered milk in Venezuela, people in the U.S. can purchase 97.2 boxes.
2. Maize Flour
Mic
Arepas, or stuffed, thick-tortilla like sandwiches, are a staple in Venezuela. They are made from maize flour, which can cost about 3,000 bolivares ($301.50 USD) for just one kilogram of the flour, CNN noted. The same sized bag goes for about $9.27 on Amazon in the U.S. This means that for the price of one bag of flour in Venezuela, people in the U.S. can buy 32.5 bags of flour.
3. Pasta
Mic
Pasta is an affordable staple in the U.S where two pounds (which is approximately one kilogram) is just $2.50. In Venezuela, a kilogram of pasta currently sells for 3,000 bolivares ($301.50 USD) on the black market, CNN reported. This means for the price of one box of pasta in Venezuela, people in the U.S. can buy 120.6 boxes.
4. Eggs
Mic
When people talk about affordable sources of protein, eggs are often first on the list. Unfortunately in Venezuela, a dozen eggs can cost 1,500 bolivares ($150.76 USD) on the black market, the Los Angeles Times noted. In the U.S., the average price of 12 eggs is just $1.49. This means that for the price of one dozen eggs in Venezuela, people in the U.S. can buy 101 dozen eggs.
5. Watermelon
Mic
While fresh produce is hard to find in Venezuela right now, when it is available it is expensive. Watermelon from a government subsidized store can go for 400 bolivares ($40 USD), the L.A. Times reported. It likely costs much more than that on the black market. In the U.S., watermelons cost just $4.99 at a number of Sam's Clubs locations. This means for the price of one watermelon in Venezuela, you can purchase 8 watermelons in the U.S.
6. Coffee
Mic
Every once in awhile, a fancy coffee shop will sling a $16 cup of coffee, but for the most part coffee tends to be affordable — unless you live in Venezuela. According to Forbes, a 1/2 kilogram bag of ground coffee goes for 2,000 bolivares ($201 USD) on the black market.
In the U.S., it's possible to purchase a one-pound bag (which is just a little less than half a kilogram) for $19.88 on Amazon. This means that for the price of one bag of coffee in Venezuela, people in the U.S. can purchase 10.1 bags of coffee.
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder rose to power in 2010 cloaked in the veil of a moderate. They appealed to voters by saying they were going to be "laser focused" on the policies that grow Michigan's economy rather than get mired in the politics that have kept us off that track for too long. They promised they understood what it would take to prop up the middle class despite being a millionaire himself. They said time and time again that they would run Michigan like a business and forge bipartisan coalitions to end politics as we know it.
The one problem with that? It was all a lie.
Last week, in a press conference hidden safely away from the scrutiny of Michigan's public, Governor Snyder removed any remaining shred of credibility as a moderate with a stunning about-face on "Right to Work," a policy that they themselves had recently declared "too divisive" and not something that was in Michigan's best interest. Snyder said not only was they now going to sign Right to Work into law, but that they and their fellow Republican legislative leaders had already schemed to set the bills for a vote that same day, eviscerating the public's right to input.
Nobody, including me, the top ranking Democrat in state government, had even seen the language. To make matters worse, they choreographed a heavy-handed police presence to intimidate the public from even coming to see this legislative disgrace first hand. And when they still showed, the governor ordered the state police to illegally lock our citizens out of the Capitol, even locking some legislators out in the process as well.
In a matter of moments, Governor Snyder did more than go back on their word to the people of Michigan, they exposed the "tough nerd" persona they rode to office in 2010 as a complete fraud. This was not a decision based on economics, it was one based on partisan politics driven by special interests at its absolute worst.
Within hours, protests swelled at the Capitol as thousands of people -- teachers, nurses, firefighters and more -- showed up to voice their outrage. They were angry not only at what was happening, but how it was being done in the 11th hour, under the cover of night, in a lame duck session. Yet despite their outcries and the loud protests from Democratic lawmakers, the governor got what they wanted in the end as Republicans passed this disastrous anti-worker agenda before many in Michigan even knew what was happening.
What they did was offensive. The way they did it was contemptuous.
In the days since, the governor's allies have defended their actions by saying that the legislation provides workers "freedom" and "choice." No matter how they try to spin it, Right to Work is solely about taking away the strength of workers as they collectively bargain for a decent wage, better working conditions and improved benefits. It's anti-worker, anti-family, and the way they're subverting the democratic process to pass it is simply anti-American.
Michigan's legislature will reconvene Tuesday to finalize the legislation and send Right to Work to the governor's desk. Our people will be left wondering why they weren't given an opportunity to debate the issue. They will ask why the governor that once talked about bringing us together now shows such disregard for our rights and contempt for our input.
Updates will begin when teams start releasing pre-kickoff information to the league. This is typically about 30-90 minutes prior to the kickoff of their game. Be sure to refresh this page to get the most current information.
Chicago @ Pittsburgh - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
WEATHER - Possible snow showers.
Ben Roelisberger - ESPN is reporting that the Steelers' QB does have a small fracture in their thumb. He'll wear a special cast and they will start today.
Duce Staley - Has been declared inactive for today's game.
Cleveland @ Cincinnati - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
WEATHER - Possible snow showers.
William Green - Inactive again this week and will unavailable.
Kelley Washington - Inactive for today's game.
Houston @ Tennessee - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
Roydell Williams - Inactive today due to the wrist injury.
Erron Kinney - Has been deactivated for today's game.
Indianapolis @ Jacksonville - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
Fred Taylor - Barring a pre-game setback, Taylor will start for the Jags today.
New England @ Buffalo - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
WEATHER - Possible snow showers.
Daniel Graham - Inactive for today's game because of a shoulder injury. Ben Watson will start.
Patrick Pass - Will be deactivated for today's game.
Heath Evans - Will not play in today's game because they are dealing with a shoulder problem.
Eric Moulds - Has been suspended for today's game due to conduct detrimental to the team.
Oakland @ NY Jets - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
Curtis Martin - Has been deactivated for today's game. Rookie Cedric Houston will start for the Jets.
Derrick Blaylock - The backup RB is inactive today.
St. Louis @ Minnesota - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
Mewelde Moore - Expected to start today for the Vikings, but backup Michael Bennett will stay in the mix.
Marc Bulger - Inactive today as expected. Rookie Ryan Fitzpatrick gets another start.
Tampa Bay @ Carolina - 1:00PM ET Kickoff
Michael Gains - Has been declared inactive for today's game.
Matt Bryant - Will be kicking for the Bucs today.
NY Giants @ Philadelphia - 4:05PM ET Kickoff
Brian Westbrook - Inactive today and is out for the season due to the foot injury. Rookie Ryan Moats and Lamar Gordan will carry the rushing load for Philly.
San Francisco @ Seattle - 4:05PM ET Kickoff
Darrell Jackson - Inactive for today's game. Joe Jurevicius gets another start.
Kevan Barlow - Expected to play but rookie Frank Gore may get the start today.
Arnaz Battle - Will not play in today's game because of a lingering knee injury.
Johnnie Morton - Inactive for today's game.
Washington @ Arizona - 4:05PM ET Kickoff
Neil Rackers - Expected to handle the short field goals and extra points today for Arizona. Nick Novak will take the rest.
James Thrash - Inactive today.
Baltimore @ Denver - 4:15PM ET Kickoff
Jamal Lewis - Is active today but will not play. Chester Taylor gets the start.
Kansas City @ Dallas - 4:15PM ET Kickoff
No updates of note today.
Miami @ San Diego - 4:15PM ET Kickoff
LaDainian Tomlinson - Limited in practice this week but is expected to start today.
Sunday Night Game: Detroit @ Green Bay
Monday Night Game: New Orleans @ Atlanta
Economists, especially mainstream economists, often like to ignore the real world consequences of their theories. Instead they prefer to hide away pretending that their conversations and ideas leave no imprint on society, and that their simple little models are just representations designed to cut through the tangle of reality to get at some core truth. Only in the grand world of macroeconomics is this not true. There, economists love to strut about as if they hold the keys to universal insights untroubled by the somewhat ambiguous results their ideas appear to inflict on the rest of us.
The fact that there are economists on all three sides of any two sided argument ought to be sufficient to let us know that their insights are a little vague, and highly dependent on each individual economists worldview. Economics, it seems sometimes, is little more that highly formalized opinion.
This is not meant to demean economics, I think it is a subject worthy of high regard, I mean only to alert us all to its manifest weaknesses and deeply ingrained biases. Only economists could possibly imagine into being something as absurd as dynamic stochastic general equilibrium, or representative households, or the non-accelerating inflation rates of unemployment, or growth models where the unexplained residual accounts for there-quarters of growth. All these could be dismissed as arcane academic nonsense were they not essential to the policy making that affects everyday lives of hundreds of millions of people.
It is because of this policy impact that economics ought to have a well developed ethical standard for its researchers – something like “first do no harm” would be a good place to start – but economics being the home of a group of people who look askance at organized or social anything steadfastly refuses to look inward at its ethical responsibility. After all, they argue, to mar ket will take care of weeding out the rotten apples.
Sure.
But here I am not concerned with macro which is, despite my deep skepticism, the part of economics that has some, albeit it is cartoonish, relationship with reality. No, the part of economics that is truly messed up is micro. And by messed up I mean really messed up. Rational choice? Really? Microeconomics makes no pretension whatsoever about connecting with the real world. It just exists in its make-believe world of agents – not people – running around in a kind of utopian information rich hyper-individualistic flat earth like place where the vistas are the same in every direction, where choice is a singularity driven by machine like logic, and where anything resembling humanity is scrunched aside in order to make life easy for economists. All those individuals defy the meaning of individual because true autonomy would surely introduce variety, and variety dirties the purity of economics. So out variety must go.
This would be all well and good were it contained within economics. Who would care? No one. The rest of us could look on and laugh at the silliness of it all.
But we ought not laugh: economics is really dangerous stuff. Sometimes I think it should be banned – it's that dangerous.
You see, economics has infected other disciplines. Its ideas have migrated and brought their lax ethics into places where they can do enormous damage.
Like into business schools.
Take a look at this chart:
Familiar?
It ought to be. It has been making the rounds in one form or another for a while now. A friend of mine just sent it to me and asked for an explanation. How come wages have not kept up with productivity.
Now economists of all stripes and opinions have their own views. Globalization. Class structures. Technological change. The demise of unions. And many more.
I tried to think of something different to tie those things together.
My thought is that the cause of the great divergence between wages is due to the notion of shareholder value.
Huh?
Look at the date of the onset of the divergence. It is coincident with the rise of modern management theories being peddled at business schools. Central to the panoply of ideas of modern management is shareholder value.
What is this?
It is the pernicious idea that the single and only valid focus of corporate management is to maximize the value of the corporation in the hands of its shareholders. Nothing else matters. Nothing. The thought of ‘stakeholders' is anathema to shareholder value theorists. Milton Friedman – yes they were an ardent advocate of the new idea – was apoplectic at the thought that management had any other goal.
Why?
Because in the flat earth of Friedman's microeconomics every agent is doing the same ting: looking out for number one. Further, they are all capable of doing so. Because standard microeconomics has embarrassingly little to say about business as it actually exists, Friedman's extraordinarily naive perspective is consistent with their equally naive theories of human behavior. In such a flat earth businesses are little more than single person entrepreneurs who struggle perpetually to eke out a living in fierce competition, and they see to maximize their incomes – just like everyone else – in a world flooded with information.
So workers, customers, society, the environment, trade unions, and other sundry so-called ‘stakeholders' had no place in Friedman's rubric other than they are could be manipulated to maximize shareholder return. Let me repeat: nothing else mattered. Because microeconomics is so restricted and divorced from reality people like Friedman could argue for shareholder value with straight, if disingenuous, face.
This startlingly narrow view of the world would be fine had it not then become the intellectual basis for the notion of shareholder value business schools began to teach. What was sensible in the world of economic fiction then became the basis for real world drama.
Since business schools operate in that real world – their graduates are destined to to actual jobs and not just manipulate equations – what they teach has a great impact on business. Real business, not the unreal business of economics. The intellectual roots of modern management are back deep in Friedman-like make believe.
Just as modern economics was invaded and corrupted by the purity of rational choice and its associated fictions, so too was management theory.
The problem is, of course, that unlike the caricatures of economics, actual businesses are not governed by the so-called laws of economics. And, more to the point, they are sufficiently large to impress their values union society.
Strategy negates and plunders the pristine world of microeconomic nirvana. Business schools only teach microeconomics so as to identify ‘market failures' or ‘niches' where a good profit can be made. The real world is about creating opportunities for rents not profits.
Gradually the notion of shareholder value was pressed into service to justify the relegation of labor to an expense to be minimized rather than as resource to be valued; to justify the remuneration of managers who delivered cost reduction by offshoring manufacturing; to justify the adoption of financial structures that privileged debt in corporate balance sheets; to justify the steady shift of national income towards capital away fro labor; to justify the explosion of so-called global logistics; to justify the resistance to alarm over the environmental damage of some production; to justify resistance to the adoption of sustainable business practice; and to justify the explosion in CEO pay.
All of which, cumulatively, re-created the business environment and produced the divergence between pay and productivity in the chart above.
In retrospect I think it fair to say that modern management theory, and shareholder value in particular, can be seen as a technology developed from the intellectual parent we know as neoclassical economics. Shareholder value, by taking the claims of its utopian forbears seriously, ends up perverting them. It is, in my view, weaponized neoclassical economics. It became the sharp end of the performative effort of modern economists to transform the economy in the image of their flat earth nonsensical ideas. After all if the world can be flattened, a flat earth theory starts to look more sensible, and flat earth believers start to look more astute.
Meanwhile, as that chart shows, the consequences of ideas can be devastating. The collateral damage of the attack on reality by our flat earth economists is very real.
But, as I said at the beginning, economists, especially mainstream economists, often like to ignore the real world consequences of their theories. After all they can always claim to know nothing about business, business schools, or any other practical thing. Who could possibly know that rational choice and all that marginal talk might get, well, taken seriously?
During the Build 2016 day two keynotes on Thursday, Microsoft executive vice president Scott Guthrie said that words that developers wanted to hear: Xamarin's cross-platform solutions will be integrated into Visual Studio and will be free, even in the (also free) Community edition.
Put simply, this is a best-case scenario for Xamarin, which Microsoft recently purchased the firm for a rumored $400 million. Before the Microsoft acquisition, Xamarin's solutions—which allow developers to use Visual Studio and C# to create native apps for Android and iOS—were quite expensive.
Not anymore.
Now, Windows-based developers can target all major platforms—Windows, Android, and iOS—from a single OS, using a single developer environment, Visual Studio. And they can do so for free.
Here's what's happening.
Xamarin's capabilities—to build native cross-platform mobile applications—are being integrated into Visual Studio, including the free Community version.
Xamarin Studio for Mac OS X is now free as a community edition.
Visual Studio Enterprise subscribers can now access Xamarin's advanced enterprise capabilities at no additional cost.
Microsoft is committing to open-source the Xamarin SDK, runtime, libraries, and command line tools as part of the .NET Foundation. This work will occur over “the coming months.”
In essence, Microsoft is merging the .NET and Xamarin ecosystems into a cohesive whole, helping developers write truly cross-platform and native mobile apps. They are, in other words, taking a concrete step in fulfilling their “mobility of experiences” promise, where it is the user, and not the device, that matters.
Tagged with BUILD 2016, Visual Studio
SURAT: Crime branch sleuths arrested three persons from Limbayat area of city with counterfeit currency of Rs 6 lakh in Rs 1,000 denomination. One of the accused is a UK resident and they claimed that they bought the counterfeit notes from UK , police told.Police arrested Jakir Yakub Patel, 40, a native of Bhadkodra in Jambusar of Bharuch district in south Gujarat is now a UK resident and live in Slough of south London. Patel told police that they are a Maulavi in a Madrasa at UK and teach Urdu and English languages to students. Among other two accused Sarfaraz Yakub Patel, 35, brother of Jakir and Faizal Ibrahim Patel, 26, were also arrested. Sarfaraz lives in Limbayat area offers their services as Bangi – announcer of prayer time on loud speaker of mosque – at Madina Mosque of Limbayat. Sarfaraz and Faizal are electrician by profession.Police received specific information about Faizal that they are searching for some person who could exchange the demonetized notes against the new. Following the preliminary investigation police came to know that the notes with Faizal are not original. Soon police picked up Faizal and after examining the notes it was found that it is fake. In questioning Faizal told police that they bought the notes from their friend Sarfaraz and they were given the notes by Jakir.
SEATTLE - "It's a pinch point."
That's how SDOT Director Scott Kubly describes the corner of Fairview and Valley in South Lake Union.
Kubly says he's visited the spot four times in the past few months, and it continues to be the top "box blocked" intersection in all of Seattle.
Kubly says despite Seattle police enforcement, drivers continue to inch into the intersection on red lights, triggering gridlock through the street grid.
They also acknowledge that it is because of the design which pre-dated their hiring. The intersection features two southbound lanes, which merge into one for I-5 traffic. There are also street car tracks, which divide traffic trying to merge into those lanes.
The "pinch point" is also at the corner where Google now plans to build their Seattle office, and where Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center plans to expand.
Kubly says he's now directed staff to find a solution and that "nothing is off the table," including a potential change with the streetcar alignment.
Copyright 2016 KING
Across the country, debates are raging about what to do with images of the Confederate flag and statues of Confederate leaders, most of them erected many decades ago.
In Washington, a museum will open this week — with new depictions of Jefferson Davis and the Confederate flag on the walls, and proslavery texts in its display cases.
The leaders of the Museum of the Bible asked many scholars for input about how to depict the Bible's role in slavery and the Civil War, and ultimately chose to include the Confederate imagery. “We have to acknowledge the proslavery argument was often drawn from the Bible,” said Seth Pollinger, the museum's director of content.
It was a fraught choice. Jonathan Alger stood last week in the nearly completed exhibit on the impact of the Bible in the world that their firm, C&G Partners, designed for the museum. They looked at the case showing proslavery arguments based on the Bible, including a 19th-century book titled, “A Brief Examination of Scriptural Testimony on the Institution of Slavery.”
The case is beside a companion display of abolitionist arguments based in Scripture. Next to that, a display heralds the formation of the black church in the United States. But Alger's gaze lingered on the historic texts arguing that human bondage was sanctioned by the Bible.
“There are people who don't even want to see that. And there are people who still agree with that,” they said darkly. “I just hope no one ever puts a brick through it.”
[Sneak peek: D.C.'s huge new Museum of the Bible includes lots of tech — but not a lot of Jesus]
The museum's leaders have emphasized in the lead-up to the opening that their goal is not evangelistic: They want to encourage people to read the Bible, not necessarily to believe in chairperson Steve Green's form of evangelical Christianity or any other religion. That means that the museum's exhibits do not take a stance on sexuality, contraception, gender identity or any of dozens of other polarizing issues.
But isn't slavery different? Didn't the country decide well over a century ago that there's only one morally right side to that issue?
“This is a situation where we're going to take sides,” Alger said. But Pollinger did not totally agree.
“What we don't want to do is just say, ‘Here is the Bible's principle on work, or the Bible's principle on art or how you do art, or the Bible's principle on even slavery,” they said. “Instead we want to demonstrate different positions. . . . We really tried to preserve historical veracity. Our goal is really not to point people toward the conclusions we would want them to make, whatever they may be.”
[Jefferson took a blade to their Bible: Presidents, faith and the new Bible museum]
The Museum of the Bible showcases 19th-century proslavery and antislavery arguments based in Scripture. (Julie Zauzmer/The Washington Post)
Pollinger said that the careful arrangement of the exhibit that deals with American history — on which they sought feedback from several biblical scholars, including African American researchers — does suggest which side is right. Across from the display case, only the abolitionists are depicted in a floor-to-ceiling woven illustration, which features the faces of Harriet Beecher Stowe, Frederick Douglass, John Brown and others under the masthead of the abolitionist newspaper “The Liberator.”
“We're only picturing abolitionists on the tapestry, so that's really tipping our hand,” Pollinger said.
In the next scene of the tapestry, however, a triumphant-looking Jefferson Davis takes their oath of office on a Bible as they assume the presidency of the Confederacy, while a downcast Abraham Lincoln looks out over troops in battle, including some waving a Confederate flag.
[The Museum of the Bible says it wants to avoid politics. But its opening gala is at the Trump Hotel.]
Alger said he's not sure they would have planned the Civil War scenes as they are rendered, considering recent demonstrations against Confederate iconography in Charlottesville, Baltimore and many other cities.
“It's interesting how some of the topics that we're dealing with have become suddenly flash-point issues,” they said. But the tapestry was planned long before: “If you want to get a 300-foot tapestry woven in Belgium, it has to be on the loom pretty early.”
If visitors step forward, they'll see the words of Abraham Lincoln's Second Inaugural Address inscribed just behind the Civil War tapestry: “Both [sides] read the same Bible and pray to the same God, and each invokes Their aid against the other.”
Lincoln's words are evidenced in the artifacts encased in glass nearby: On one hand, a Bible published by slaveholders for slaves, with the Exodus story and other passages about liberation from bondage removed; on the other hand, a beautiful felt-covered Bible with gold bossing that African Americans in Baltimore pooled their money to buy for Lincoln to thank them for the Emancipation Proclamation. On one hand, there is a New Testament printed in the Confederacy that curator Norm Conrad says is a rare find, because so many Southern soldiers wore their copies out on the battlefield; on the other hand, there is Julia Ward Howe's handwritten first draft of the “Battle Hymn of the Republic.”
Through the exhibit, a soulful solo violin echoes, playing the line they wrote on that page during the war: “As They died to make men holy, let us die to make men free/While God is marching on. Glory, glory, hallelujah!”
Want more stories about faith? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
The Virginia church of Robert E. Lee votes to drop their name
Washington National Cathedral will remove stained glass windows honoring Lee and Jackson
My wife and I are white evangelicals. Here's why we chose to give birth to black triplets.
THE CAT SHOW
Cardiff Art in Time
14th March 2007
ARAI Shin-ichi [JAPAN]
"Happy Japan!"
ARAI said
I got many influences from UK artists.
Tyranosaurus Rex (T.Rex) whose "The Slider" was my first LP that I by myslf bought by saving my money in my junior high school days 1972, Throbbing Gristle, Cozy was my sexy hero、Alternative TV, Mark Perry, Cornelius Cardew who wrote "Stockhausen served Imperialism", Robert Wyatt, Hatfield and the North, The Raincoats and Young Marble Giants.
Almost 6 years ago Japanese diet decided what are Japanese flag and Japanese anthem in the law. Before there was no law for Japanese flag and the national anthem. Now in some school ceremonies like graduation, People should show Japanese flag and sing the national anthem. And sometimes teachers and students who do not like to respect the flag and sing the national anthem in the ceremony are punished by the director because of the law now.
Before there was some agreement among people with
Japanese flag was symbol of militarism and the anthem celebrate the Emperor in spite of them not agreeing.
This is the uniform of Japan Overseas Cooperate Volunteers something like the American Peace Corp.
As a Volunteer I lived Zanzibar, Tanzania from '92 to '94 and I taught wood block printing to Zanzibar young artists at the art school of Nyumba ya Sanaa, Zanzibar.
Before I went to Tanzania , All members of Japan Overseas Cooperate Volunteers had to meet the Emperor who is the hornoly president of the organization.
In Tanzania we got 200USD per month for meals, books and petrols for motorbike. Those days Tanzanian people got 30USD from their jobs as usual.
In Tanzania I had a lot of girlfriend who loved my money.
The title of this comicbook is "What is a patriotic war?"
The comicbook's author says that Japan must have more military power. We Japanese must have a patriot spirit. There was no Nanking genoside by the Japanese Emperor army. There were no Korean or E.A. women sex slaves in the Japanese Emperor army. They were only commercial prostitutes.
More than a milion people bought this book and almost all of them are under 30 .
ARAI shows the Japanese passport over their asshole.
It has the emblem of chrysanthemum which is almost same as the emblem of the Emperor family .
ARAI sung Japanese National anthem
"Kim ga Yo" means "Long live our Emperor"
with having a shit down red paint.
ARAI was dancing in cercle.
They then tore out each page of the comic book, giving some of the pages to the audience and keeping some to put in their mouth to chew on.
Then ARAI shouted "Happy Japan!"
again and again until they can not do it.
ARAI Shin-ichi [JAPAN]
"Happy Japan!"
* Former Republican Congressman Bobby Schilling, who's trying to win back their former seat, was interviewed on WROK Radio the other day. They were asked about increased health insurance costs. Check the 6:10 mark for their response…
* The DCCC “helpfully” reproduced Schiling's full comment…
“These increases, these are on our working poor, our middle class, hardworking taxpayers here across the United States of America. And now these folks are going to have to decide am I going to pay this premium or am I going to go buy some milk and groceries for the house. It's really getting tough for everyone. Everyone that I talk to, I don't hear them saying ‘hey, I'm doing great'. And the folks that are living paycheck-to-paycheck, which is most Americans, including myself, is that, you know, this is not something that you want to be putting out when you've got a kid that wants to play sports or you want to take a trip for vacation. Instead, you've got to funnel your money over to Obamacare, which is something you might never have to use.” [Emphasis added for obvious reasons.]
* Schilling reported income of $100,000 last year. Schilling also listed assets of between $254,007 and $660,000.
He's not rich by any stretch, and they do have a big family to support. But Schilling makes more than twice their district's median household income of $42,521.
* Their job, by the way, is at CMB Regional Centers. Some DCCC-provided background on the company from a local story about Schilling…
They work for CMB Regional Centers of Rock Island. The company pools money from foreign investors who want permanent residency and investment opportunities in the United States. It utilizes the federal EB-5 visa program, which extends visas to foreign investors willing to put at least $500,000 into projects that create or preserve at least 10 jobs in the U.S.
That same visa program was featured prominently in a recent Fortune magazine story about a major scam in Illinois involving mostly Chinese visas that we we discussed here not long ago.
Here's good news for owners of the Pebble, the original smartwatch, who also have an Android device. Now your watch can take advantage of apps that support Google's Android Wear platform, in addition to those within Pebble's own app store.
Pebble first added this support back in December, but it was limited to beta testers at the time. Now anyone can take advantage of the tie-in. For example, TechCrunch's Romain Dillet last year bemoaned the fact that their Pebble didn't support the “nifty” Capitaine Train ticket booking app, but now it does thanks to today's update.
Pebble's integration actually supports a wider selection of Android devices than Android Wear itself — Android 4.0 versus Android 4.3 — but the company still faces a huge task to stay relevant in a rapidly competitive space. Indeed, a recent Canalys report noted that Android Wear utterly dominated the 720,000 smartwatches that were estimated to have shipped last year.
The analyst firm did say that Pebble's focus on apps and competitive pricing (lower than the rest) has kept it relevant but, with the Apple Watch due to arrival in April and new Android Wear products like the LG Watch Urbane on their way, Pebble faces an ever-increasing challenge.
No doubt Apple's entry into the segment will greatly raise awareness of smartwatches among less-tech savy consumers — as many have predicted — but that even the iPhone-maker is said to be struggling to find a ‘killer app' for its smartwatch indicates the difficulty of making a device that appeals to consumers. Apple can shift product off the back of its brand alone, but things are tougher for smaller, indie companies like Pebble.
Hat tip Venturebeat
I've gotten more than a few friends to jump on the Asian skincare routine train with me, and the most common feedback I hear is that people are overwhelmed by the number of products and how to order them within a routine. So I thought I'd start the year with a series of posts about how to put together your own Asian skincare routine, and hopefully this will take some of the mystery out of it!
A Strategy, Rather Than Just Asian Products
I think of the Asian skincare routine as more of a philosophy and framework for structuring your skincare routine, rather than being bound entirely to Korean products or Japanese products, etc… You can absolutely use Western products or whatever you have available at your local beauty store within the framework of an Asian routine.
Generally, what I think distinguishes an Asian skincare routine is its emphasis on light, hydrating layers. The reason there are typically so many products within an Asian routine is that each product has a specific function in addition to providing another layer of hydration. This stands in contrast to Western routines which have historically focused on one or two multitasking creams.
Rule of Thumb
In this post I'm going to focus on a basic skincare routine. So forget about stuff like acids, retinol, masks, and other special treatments. This will be an overview of the basic framework of your routine. After you get that down, you can plug in other steps like exfoliating, masking, etc….
A general rule of thumb when it comes to an Asian skincare routine is to go from thinnest to thickest.
This means that you'll start with the most watery product (often a watery “first essence”, toner, or softener) and gradually add products that are thicker and richer, ending with creams.
Also, please note that when I refer to “Western” vs “Asian” skincare, these are merely useful words to think about two different approaches to skincare. I realize that these labels are generalizations, and they are not intended to have any positive or negative connotations about “Western” or “Asian” culture.
Asian Skincare Routine Structure
I know that some people learn better when they can visualize things in a table, so I made this very low-tech graphic to help you see the structure of the Asian skincare routine.
Double Cleanse: As you can see in my post The 3 Best Things I've Done for My Skin, double cleansing is one of the most essential steps in an Asian or Korean Skincare Routine. It drastically cut down on clogged pores and resulting breakouts. This step is exactly what it seems. Removing makeup and debris with a “first cleanser”, which is often an oil or balm cleanser but can also be a micellar water, gel, or cream cleanser. Then, using a gentle (usually foaming) “second cleanser” to remove any residue from the first cleanser and any remaining impurities.
Note: Double cleanse only in the evenings. In the mornings you don't have much dirt on your skin, so a gentle single cleanser is enough.
Hydrate (or Tone): The toning step in an Asian skincare routine differs from the toning step in Western routines because the toner is your first hydrating step rather than your last cleansing step. Whereas Western toners tend to be cleansing and astringent, Asian cleansers tend to be hydrating and moisturizing. Toners have various names in the Asian beauty world, which may range from “softeners”, “first essences”, and “skin” (Korean) to “lotion” (Japanese). Some Asian toners are more watery, and others are thicker and closer to a serum consistency. Again, a good rule of thumb is to go from thin to thick.
Treat (or Serum): In the Western beauty world we have historically liked multitasking and all-in-one products. But the Asian beauty routine takes the time to use multiple products to treat multiple concerns. The Treat step incorporates products with a serum consistency, which are slightly thicker than toners but not occlusive (moisture-sealing) like creams. These products, which can be called ampoules, essences, serums, and “complexes”, can treat skin concerns such as hyperpigmentation, dehydration, fine lines, sensitivity, acne, and rosacea. Because serums tend to do one or two things well, you can layer them on top of each other and thus mix-and-match products to suit your needs. This also adds an additional hydrating step.
Seal (or Cream): This step is pretty straightforward. You've spent several steps drenching your skin with moisture, so you need to prevent that moisture from evaporating by sealing it in with a cream (and possibly an eye cream). This step may also include emulsions, which are light lotions that are both hydrating and sealing (and are thus kind of an intermediate step between serums and creams). These can provide additional moisture, or may be enough for those with oily skin. Creams can be used on their own or layered on top of emulsions. Usually creams in an Asian beauty routine do not include SPF. SPF products are their own category with the understanding that you will be reapplying them throughout the day.
You may have heard that the Asian skincare routine is famously made up of 10 or more steps, but as you can see, these steps all fall into a few basic categories. So you can actually think of the routine as actually made up of 4 basic steps, but an indefinite number of products can fit into this framework (really, who's counting at this point?).
Within each category, you can use several products, but in general go with the rule of thumb, thinnest to thickest.
Sample Routine
To put the above framework into a practical context, let's take a look at a typical night skincare routine. I often have a few more serum steps than this, but in the interest of simplicity, I'm keeping this routine quite minimal.
Double Cleanse
1. Remove makeup with DHC Deep Cleansing Oil* . On nights when I wore only sunscreen and no makeup, I might only cleanse with Atrue Sweet Song Black Tea Cleansing Water.
2. Use a gentle foaming cleanser for my second cleanse. I like the Hada Labo Tokyo Gentle Hydrating Cleanser *, it's one of my long-term favorite cleansers.
Hydrate
3. Then I typically use a hydrating toner like the Skin Watchers Ceramizing Essence Toner (which is a cheaper version of the Dr. Jart Ceramidin Liquid *). Often I'll use a more watery toner before this step to boost hydration even more, but when I need to have a pared-down routine, this one toning/hydrating step is enough.
Treat
4. Recently I've been using a vitamin C Serum (this is a form of vitamin C called SAP, or sodium ascorbyl phosphate, that is not acidic and is less irritating to the skin than the acidic form of vitamin C) that helps to brighten my skin and boost collagen production.
5. I also boost my skin's hydration levels with a hyaluronic acid hydrating serum, which binds water to the upper layers of my skin. I'm currently using the Elizavecca Hyaluronic acid 97% Serum *, which is cute and works fine, but I'll be looking for an even more hydrating serum after I'm done with this, because my skin is so dehydrated.
Seal
6. I'm enjoying the Ladykin Vampir Dark Repair Cream (review here), a buttery cream that somehow doesn't feel heavy or greasy, and is carried at a great price at Memebox at $25, down from an MSRP of over $40 (get 20% off your first order by using my referral link!).
So you can see that within the basic categories, I have 6 steps in this Asian beauty routine. You can add or subtract products to this routine, but the general structure of the routine is to cleanse, hydrate, treat, and seal in all that moisture.
I hope that with a better understanding of the basic Asian skincare routine, you'll be able to better enjoy the banquet of Korean, Japanese, Taiwanese, and other Asian skincare products that are at your fingertips, paving the way to better skin!
Disclosure: Product links marked with an asterisk (*) are affiliate links. I'll make a small commission off your purchase, but you won't pay a penny more. All products recommended are products I have used and loved.
It's easy to forget there is a whole other world out there that does not use or know SharePoint.
I was recently invited to a Podcast to try and explain why SharePoint has been so successful -- or rather implemented -- in businesses. The question came from a Visual Studio or developer community as they were curious why they kept hearing SharePoint everywhere. Here's how I explained its success.
Wait, What is SharePoint?
I think anyone that knows SharePoint very well is scared of that question, myself included. But if I had to give you a short description, I would say it's a web-based platform that allows you to build on without necessarily knowing code or databases. It has a very basic structure for you to work with.
Sites: A container where you work and store objects like Lists and Libraries.
A container where you work and store objects like Lists and Libraries. Lists: Similar to an Excel spreadsheet, rows and columns to help you manage data directly on the web.
Similar to an Excel spreadsheet, rows and columns to help you manage data directly on the web. Libraries: Similar to a list mentioned above but used to store documents instead.
Of course there's a lot more to it than that but it helps us get to the very core.
For more advanced users, I like to refer SharePoint as being a friendly version of a Database Server like SQL or Access.
The SharePoint Site, very similar to a “Database” -- a container of sorts.
The lists and libraries are the tables where you store your data within a database.
You can create views in both SharePoint and a Database server; they are close to being the same.
Finally, where traditionally we would have developed an application to connect to and show what is in this database, in SharePoint, we create pages with Web Parts to show what is within it.
If you think about it, SharePoint has given the Power Users and the people in the company a way to create web-based database applications with little to no effort.
Problems Faced by Businesses
What problems do we know almost every company has? What are the things we know hurt productivity?
File Shares
That dreaded “P:\” drive or whichever letter was used in your company (even if you have more than one you know exactly what I am talking about). Up to at least a few years ago, you could walk up to anyone in the street, ask about their Shared Drive and you could expect the same reaction every time. What exactly are the problems with Shared Drives?
Can't find your documents
You can only have documents (or files if you want)
No versioning of documents
No Content Approval
Files and Documents can only be physically at one location
Let's say you only have two folders in this wonderful Shared Drive; one called “Contracts” the other called “Customers.” You are a new employee in my company and I ask you to work or save a file that is a contract for customer x. What do you do? Either you lose time trying to find the right document or, if you are saving it, you have a 50/50 chance of getting it right.
Now take into perspective the thousands of folders you have, with scenarios a little more complicated than the one I used. How much time do you think is lost or wasted navigating through the Shared Drive? Research shows that 30% is the average time wasted searching for documents.
Emails and the Endless CC's
Ever been cc'd in an email that feels like a conversation between other people you simply cannot get out of? Reminds me of when Facebook used to do the same -- you'd get invited to a conversation without your permission and had to endure it.
Email is one of the biggest problems to face you and your colleague's productivity. Even when it is a valuable email with information that will help you in the future, chances are you will lose time trying to find it. When you receive an email, it might not be relevant for you or your work at the moment. However, three months from now when you are working on a different project or task where that information is pertinent, you will have to “attempt” to find it through your emails.
I hesitated creating a separate category for “collaboration” but it can easily be joined to email problems today. There is no collaboration, teams try to work together but again everything is sent through emails with no real way to organize a smaller, more efficient team, with email or the tools we have.
Complicated for Users to access
In a world of BYOD and the increase in working remotely or from home, it has become very difficult for you and your colleagues to access information. VPNs, Routers, Networks, FTPs -- all these things you endure just to see a bunch of files.
Of course there are many other problems the enterprise faces, but these are the more obvious ones.
How SharePoint Helps Increase Productivity
If SharePoint is remembered for one thing, it won't be for the confusion around what Skydrive Pro is, but how it replaced many File Shares in our businesses. It offered an easy concept -- Lists to store your data and Libraries to store your documents. But it helped improve the File Share experience by adding:
Columns or “Document Tags”
Versioning
Content Approval
Workflows
Web Based access
As always I am not including the thousands of other things that can be done with this platform. With a few configurations of your Team Site, you can become the hero of your team.
Collaboration is taken to another level; bear with me for a second as I try to explain how it has completely changed the way we work.
Why did we try to fit an entire organization into one File Share? In many cases, teams and larger teams would only work within the same folder structure that was their own. SharePoint introduced the “Team Site,” which has taken over the word SharePoint when looking at Office 365.
This resulted in a huge reduction in emails because now the information was available, searchable directly from the Web Based SharePoint Team Site. I emphasize the Web-Based aspect of SharePoint, which allows it to be accessible through almost any device, at any time. And instead of everyone in the company trying to fit into a File Share, we are all working from a highly customizable “Team” environment.
Another advantage is its use of “open communication.” When sending information you are no longer sharing it between just you and the people in the email, you store it in the “Team Site.” This is a huge benefit not only for your teammates, who can easily find and access that information, but for the employer that doesn't have to worry as much when an employee decided to leave. A lot of employee's expertise will still be available in SharePoint as Wikis, Blogs, Community Sites with answered forums, etc....
But WHY has it Become so Successful?
For me there is one reason as to how this platform became so successful in the past years; It's easy and accessible to many more than just IT. SharePoint was definitely not the first to introduce a Content Management System or a “tagging” approach to document management. But it did it in a way for it to be easy to create, use and manipulate by the Power Users.
In my opinion, the Power Users in the enterprise are what made SharePoint so successful. The abundance of help and expertise both online and in the field played a big part in it. As a web-based platform Designers, Web Developers and many other communities could easily switch over to it.
A great benefit in starting to use SharePoint, say to replace a File Share, knows that the expertise earned during that time can be reused in other verticals. SharePoint can be used to build an Intranet, Extranet or almost any web-based application.
Personally, I believe SharePoint will become as core to the enterprise as Active Directory has become today. Though it might still transform and -- who knows -- even change its name, it is here to stay.
Editor's Note: Read Benjamin's Stop Selling SharePoint Social as Facebook for the Enterprise
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
In order to conceive a child, the Halletts have to go through lengthy in vitro fertilization treatments. In vitro is an expensive process. It typically costs about $12,000 to $13,000 per try, and the first try often doesn't work, nor does the second.
So the bills can stack up. But, unlike all the other medical treatment related to Jason's injuries, the VA doesn't cover IVF treatment for wounded vets, and so the young couple are paying for this themselves.
Congress passed a law in 1992 that led to the Veterans Administration banning coverage of any in vitro fertilization services. That means that for an estimated 1,800 veterans like Jason, they will also have to spend tens of thousands of dollars to get pregnant and start a family.
Sen. Patty Murray wants that to change. This Democrat from Washington state sits on the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, and they wrote a bill that would lift the VA's IVF ban. But for six years, their efforts have been blocked.
The malady of the irrelevant
THIS WEEK, I attended a meeting during which the rector of a parish and their staff reviewed the past program year. On the table were those things done well, and those things where improvement seemed warranted: a good exercise for any parish workforce.
I was surprised – perhaps naïvely – to find so much time devoted to what seemed largely symbolic and impractical concerns. One participant noted that only one of the church's two main entrances has a handicapped ramp, leaving unsaid the fact that this ramp fronts the main parking area. What followed was a great deal of discussion of the various ways in which participants imagine that the parish marginalizes the unseen. No evidence was cited, mind you, and no concrete instances of unintentional discrimination were named. The analysis was an entirely speculative endeavor.
This may be, in some cases, all very well and good. But the speculative, and largely self-flagellating, discussion of the absent ramp almost entirely obscured the real area where improvement is needed. This parish, other than the Sunday liturgies, boasts almost no congregational life, and even less lay leadership. There are no foyer groups, no table fellowship, no inquirers' classes. If a newcomer doesn't want to be an acolyte, or if their children wish to attend Sunday school, that newcomer will find their interest in this parish unfulfilled, and many actual, flesh-and-blood newcomers have arrived and quickly departed for precisely these reasons. Enrichment of parish life – separate from the liturgy – seemed to offer the chance to work for substantive growth and is a topic on which hearty discussion ought to have been focused.
Two phenomena were on display in this staff meeting.
First was the rector and staff's resistance to facing programmatic weaknesses head-on. Real improvement is hard, and it frequently involves breaking some eggs. Episcopalians are often more comfortable spending their way toward a solution than asking for human action. If ushers are unfriendly and annoying, rare is the rector who will speak to and, if necessary, dismiss them; much better instead to install new and more “welcoming” signage. It is easier to talk about buildings and grounds than about human behavior.
More insidious, however, was the bizarre combination of glee and dolefulness with which the conversation of the handicapped ramps unfolded. Many of the staff were unyielding in their belief that merely by existing, this parish was somehow, in some way, profoundly alienating to unseen seekers. The longer the conversation went on, the less it had to do with the needs of disabled visitors; what the staff were really engaged in was the ostensibly canonical ritual of corporate self-reproach and self-censure. The litany of Christendom's sins was rehearsed, the correct responses were made, and the inevitable conclusion reached: We are oppressing those who never darken our door.
What an extraordinary conceit.
The Episcopal Church in the present day seems to want to do two things: (1) insist that it has given up its hegemonic past and now welcomes all people, and (2) function as if it must incorporate all people in a hegemonic way. These two impulses do not hang together easily, and they produce in what should be our fine old church an astonishing schizophrenia. We not only welcome all, we insist that all must be present, as if the Episcopal Church is the only game in town.
Some years ago, I knew a parish that rented its church and parish hall to a Spanish-speaking Pentecostal congregation on Sundays and several weekdays. This congregation and its members were cordial, respectful, and demonstrated not one iota of interest in joining the Episcopal Church. Many of our Episcopal schizophrenics would interject here: BUT OF COURSE. YOU WERE UNWELCOMING! The parish was no such thing, and the suggestion that of course everyone would want to become an Episcopalian were it not for our congenital inhospitality is a classic demonstration of the hegemonic instinct. There is a wide economy of churches, which the better ecumenists among us know, and these Pentecostals were quite content to nourish their own tradition on American soil. A few months later, when the local First Presbyterian Church closed its doors, the Pentecostals bought it up, and the next weekend, they were open for business, the parking lot packed to overflowing. Sadly, the Episcopal rector never reached out to find opportunities for shared ministry.
And yet in this parish as well the customary ritual of self-flagellation was oft undertaken, and with relish. Nevermind that an opportunity for real Christian ministry and engagement across lines of difference was literally two blocks away. Episcopalians seem desperately wedded to the notion that that they cannot help excluding others. In fact, they seem comforted by it.
All of which brings us back to conceit, and to the title of this post.
As Elesha Coffman argues, neither the Episcopal Church nor the Protestant mainline has ever been the norm in American Christianity. Even at its largest, the Episcopal Church never comprised more than a tiny fraction of the American population, and the fact that its members were disproportionately influential in public life actually indicates relatively little about the church itself. The prestige of its members conferred prestige on the church, not the other way around, at least not since the Revolution.
The church's insistence that it is excluding outsiders is a sad and twisted fond hope, not a reality of any consequence. The best clubs have stable memberships and long waiting lists; the worst have signs on the road, announcing “Memberships Available.” I'll leave it to you, dear reader, to determine the company to which the modern Episcopal Church belongs.
If we say, We must be dying because we're actively turning people away, even as we announce “Memberships Available,” then we get to feel perversely good about ourselves. Episcopalians' persistent belief in our own exclusivity is a way of preserving a sense of our own prestige, not a way of undermining it. Prestige is comforting, maybe not in dark nights of the soul, but in parish and diocesan gatherings, and God knows at General Convention. Our conceit that we are exclusive and therefore desirable underpins the smug self-satisfaction that our Protestant peers lampoon and the unchurched are too indifferent to notice.
Absent that prestige, on which the Episcopal Church has too long been sustained, we would have to face the fearsome task of actual evangelism, of actual welcome, of preaching Christ, and them crucified. We would have to address the vacuum behind our Sunday morning liturgies, and many parishes lack even the elementary language with which to discuss this and the knowledge with which to effect it.
Episcopalians' belief that we are exclusionary is vainglorious, and it is a straw man in the self-diagnosis that is always needed in any organization. Our excessive self-flagellation and bemoaning an exclusivity that we no longer possess clouds the church's witness, and it is time to give up our protective conceit, which is the malady of the irrelevant.
Advertisements
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Aug-30-2015 22:52 TweetFollow @OregonNews One ISIL Takfiri Terrorist Killed in Druze Attack on IDF Ambulance Over the last two years, Israel has provided medical care to hundreds of ISIL terrorists from Syria... Druze called on Israel to stop treating injured fighters.
Israeli ambulance attacked by Druze
Photo courtesy: vosizneias.com
(SALEM, Ore.) - 150 demonstrators from the Druze community attacked an Israeli military ambulance carrying injured Syrians, killing one person, police said. The ambulance carrying two injured Syrian Takfiri alleged terrorists was attacked near the Druze town of Majdal Shams in the southern foothills of Jabal al-Shaykh mountain (Mt. Hermon), north of the Golan Heights. According to reports, the attack worsened the condition of the wounded Syrians, and one of them succumbed to injuries as they were being airlifted to the Rambam Medical Center in Haifa. Two Israeli troops also suffered slight injuries in the attack and were taken to the Ziv Medical Center in Safed. The Druze protesters have also called for a protest outside the Galilee Medical Center in Nahariya, where the Tel Aviv regime is said to be treating other wounded terrorists. Over the last two years, Israel has provided medical care to hundreds of Syrians, including fighters, usually transferred from the ceasefire line with the Golan Heights in military ambulances, mainly to two hospitals in the north. The Druze accuse rebels of committing atrocities against their community in Syria and have called on Israel to stop treating injured fighters. Instead, they call on the government to protect Syrian Druze and some even want Israel to provide them with weapons and air support against the advances of al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Nusra Front. Syrian TV called the Druze protesters "our heroic countrymen." The hospital said Syrian wounded hospitalized in Israel have always been under security, but so far the security guards' job was to ensure the wounded did not try to leave the hospital, rather than protect them from outside threats. In response to the incident, the IDF said it would not stop treating wounded Syrians, and plans to increase the security around the ambulance transports. For more information, see: http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/22/us-syria-crisis-israel-druze-idUSKBN0P211P20150622 _________________________________________
Middle-east | Politics | Foreign-affairs | Peace | Most Commented on
Articles for August 29, 2015 | Articles for August 30, 2015 | Articles for August 31, 2015
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 19, 2017, 8:35 AM GMT / Updated Jan. 19, 2017, 1:32 PM GMT By Eoghan Macguire
Dozens of firefighters were killed when a high-rise building collapsed after a blaze in Iran's capital, state-run Press TV reported Thursday.
The broadcaster put the death toll at 30 at Tehran's iconic Plasco building. It gave no source for the information. NBC News could not independently confirm Press TV's report.
PHOTOS: Dozens of Firefighters Killed as Iconic Building in Tehran Collapses
Iranian authorities did not immediately release definitive casualty figures.
However, Reuters reported that Tehran Mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf was quoted by a state-run TV outlet that "about 25 firefighters are trapped inside and rescue teams are trying to get them out."
Reuters also cited state TV as saying at least 75 people, including 45 firefighters, had been injured.
Local media said that more than 200 firefighters were on the scene at the time of the building's collapse.
Firefighters battle the blaze at the Plasco building on Thursday. It later collapsed. Abedin Taherkenareh / EPA
The tower is attached to a multistory shopping mall and is located just north of the city's sprawling bazaar.
It remains unclear how the fire began but Reuters said Iran's Tasnim News Agency reported it started on the ninth floor.
Police had previously blocked off streets around the 17-story structure, which was among the first high-rises built in the Iranian capital.
NBC News initially reported that the building was an apartment block but it later emerged that it is actually mostly commercial.
Live footage aired on Iranian television showed the incident.
A firefighter could be seen perched on a ladder spraying water onto the burning building as it fell.
Jalal Maleki, a fire department spokesperson, told Iranian state television that 10 fire stations responded to the blaze, which was first reported around 8 a.m. local time (11:30 p.m. ET on Wednesday).
Rescue workers help an injured man in front of the collapsed building in Tehran on Thursday. Abedin Taherkenareh / EPA
A large number of businesses in the building are believed to be involved in the textile and garment industries.
The owner of a nearby grocery store, who was forced by police to leave the area, told Reuters by telephone that "it was like a horror movie. The building collapsed in front of me."
The semi-official Fars news agency said police had cordoned off the British and Turkish Embassies which are situated nearby.
The tower was built in the early 1960s by Iranian Jewish business person Habib Elghanian and named after their plastics manufacturing company. It was the tallest building in the city at the time of its construction.
Elghanian was tried on charges that included espionage and executed in the months after the 1979 Islamic Revolution that brought the current ruling system to power — a move that prompted many members of the country's longstanding Jewish community to flee.
San Franfrazzled: Once-in-a-lifetime picture of lightning striking iconic bridge
Advertisement
They say that lightning never strikes twice, but this amazing photo proves otherwise.
An incredible eight bolts struck the Bay Bridge in San Francisco last night which was captured in this incredible shot by photographer Phil McGrew, who took the photo through the rain-soaked window of their apartment.
Mr McGrew, 49, was shocked at the striking image which shows the split-second moment of electric forks hitting the span of the bridge.
Lucky strike! Eight bolts of lightning hit the iconic Bay Bridge in San Francisco in a spectacular once in a lifetime moment captured by photographer Phil McGrew
The currency trader, who took up photography as a hobby two years ago, put their camera near their window as the rare thunderstorm lashed the city at 6pm.
They said: 'I moved from Fort Lauderdale, Florida to San Francisco about two years ago.
'We used to get a lot of big storms in Florida, but I've only seen them a couple of times here.
'When the thunder and lightning started last night, I thought I must get a picture of the lightning against the bridge.
'My apartment looks out over Bay Bridge and I knew it would make a good shot if I could get it.'
Mr McGrew, who lives with their girlfriend Sherry, set up their camera on a long exposure for about 20 seconds.
Not realising they were about to take a once-in-a-lifetime picture, they perfectly captured the white flashes of light over the inky sky set against the golden glow of the bridge.
They said: 'I wasn't brave enough to go outside, plus my camera would have been soaking wet, so I just set it up next to the window and watched.
'You couldn't see much by just looking through the window, it was very foggy.
'When I looked at my camera, I had a few that were just dark, and then some were very bright where I had just missed the strikes. Then I saw this one, it was incredible.
'You can count the strikes, the Bay Bridge has four distinct towers and you can see the lightning hitting each tower.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is reviewing its options after a federal administrative law judge ruled that the retailer violated the National Labor Relations Act in its treatment of striking employees in 2013.
Geoffery Carter, National Labor Relations Board administrative law judge, ruled Wal-Mart was in violation of the act related to its handling of protests. Carter ordered the retailer to reinstate 16 workers and give them back pay.
Wal-Mart can ask for a review of Carter's ruling, issued late Thursday, before a full panel of labor board judges. That decision could then be appealed in the federal circuit court of appeals.
"We disagree with the administrative law judge's recommended findings and we will pursue all of our options to defend the company because we believe our actions were legal and justified," Wal-Mart spokesperson Kory Lundberg said. "We are focused on providing our hardworking associates more opportunity for success and career growth by raising wages, providing new training, education and expanded benefit options."
Carter also ruled that Wal-Mart must inform employees in 29 of its 4,500 U.S. stores of their right to organize without threat of discipline. Wal-Mart argued that it was within its rights to terminate the 16 employees because their protests happened during unexcused work absences.
Making Change at Walmart, an organization working for the unionization of Wal-Mart employees, said the ruling was a "huge victory."
"Today's decision proves beyond doubt that Walmart unlawfully fired, threatened, and disciplined hard-working employees simply for speaking out," Jess Levin, communications director for the organization, said in a statement. "Not only is this a huge victory for those workers, and Walmart workers everywhere who continue to stand up for better working conditions, but it sends a message to Walmart that its workers cannot be silenced. We will continue to fight to change Walmart for the better."
Earlier this week Wal-Mart announced changes to its paid time-off and short-term disability plans for more than 1 million U.S. workers. The changes will go into effect Feb. 20 with a second round of pay increases for employees.
The company committed to $2.7 billion in pay increases and other improvements for workers, to be phased in over two years, in February 2014.
Business on 01/23/2016
I would like to start by saying, if you haven't heard Deconstruct by Hatred Surge, stop. Open a new tab and go listen to it . The album is the epitome of grind-powerviolence and a staple of hardcore music that deserves your attention. Over the years I've kept this record in constant rotation. I love sharing it and have given it as a gift. It is a frantic onslaught, relentless from start to finish. To me it is perfect.
The central creative force behind Hatred Surge and a prominent figure of the Texas grindcore community is Alex Hughes. Their contributions to punk and hardcore span over ten years and include work in Mammoth Grinder, Insect Warfare, Iron Age, and Sungod. Alex's current project Holy Money is an amalgamation of sludge metal, hardcore punk, and experimental noise. Their albums can be found at https://holymoney.bandcamp.com/.
It was an honor to speak with Alex about their history in the Texas music scene, music in cinema, and the human condition.
Scene Point Blank: Tell us about your current projects and what we can expect in the future.
Alex Hughes: Holy Money is my main focus at the moment. I'm playing drums and doing vocals and noise as well as writing and structuring the majority of the output. We self-recorded and released a demo titled EgoDeathSludge in 2014. At the end of the year, we recorded for a 2 song 7" that was released by RSR Records and self-released a 4 song cassette titled Zygote that featured the 2 tracks from the 7". It's definitely the slowest band I've done. You could call it sludge but don't call it doom. It's not fucking doom. I'm very happy to be behind the kit again. Within the last year, our friend Davis started doing noise with us live and is featured on our next release. We finished a full-length recording last month that will be released on vinyl by Anthems of the Undesirable. We are very pleased with this recording. Chris Ryan engineered this session again and they did a killer job. We'd like to play more around Texas and outside of Texas once the full-length is out. We've talked about self-recording and releasing an instrumental tape as well as collaborating with some friends of ours. When I'm not doing Holy Money, I'm recording solo at home. I'd like to eventually begin scoring.
Scene Point Blank: I think a lot of people would like to see more collaborative efforts between filmmakers and abrasive musicians/noise artists. Given some aspects of the last Hatred Surge record, Holy Money, and your work in Sungod it sounds like you've developed quite an aptitude for incorporating experimental elements into your recent work.
Alex Hughes: If you've noticed that in particular songs or records, it's definitely intentional. I like for there to be a twist. At a few Holy Money shows, my brother has setup a video of clips from sci-fi and horror movies with loops in certain places. We will hopefully be doing more of that. I'm very influenced by sci-fi and horror movie imagery and sounds. I hope to evoke imagery in people's minds similar to those dark landscapes and settings in the music that I play. I want someone to feel like they are somewhere else. At the last show we played, a member of Concussive said, "That put me in a weird place." I like that.
Scene Point Blank: The theater next door to my apartment just screened Lifeforce. I feel like a lot of sci-fi/horror films carry overarching themes of corporate deviance and how feeling empathy is every bit a part of human nature as selling one another out. Those shows sound great and I've seen visuals really compliment live performance before. How has the reception been so far?
Alex Hughes: Lifeforce is great! People seem to dig it as far as I can tell. I'm sure there are people out there that are appalled that I'm not playing 1 minute grinders, but that's to be expected and, honestly, embraced. I don't do this to please anyone except myself. I'm making this music because this is what I hear in my head. This is what comes out of me when I pick up my guitar and beat up my drums. I do what feels right to me and if people like it or people hate it, it's all an incredible experience for me either way. Can't have the positive without the negative and vice versa.
Scene Point Blank: Well it adds another layer to the densely occupied strata of heavy music from Texas. A common topic of interest is the extraordinary amount of high-caliber extreme music that's come from your state. What do you attribute that to and could you give us a history of your role in that community?
Alex Hughes: Texas has produced all sorts of groundbreaking bands from the 13th Floor Elevators to D.R.I. to Scratch Acid and on and on and on. I could give the standard "something in the water" answer, but it's hard to say. I think Texas is the gateway between the West Coast and almost the rest of the country. It's not the "South," though some people think it is, and it's not the Midwest. It's hardly the Southwest either. It's the Gulf Coast. I think that might be the answer. A variety of cultures and people pass through and mingle in this state. I would say mostly Houston and Austin. Those cities are not like the rest of the state. That and it's fucking hot. For as liberal of a political and social climate Texas has, there are still plenty of rednecks and the Bible Belt looms not too far over our heads.
My first exposure to local extreme music was seeing PLF (Pretty Little Flower at the time) play at Sound Exchange with Grimple from the Bay Area in 1998. I was already into stuff like Spazz and Assück, but this was a band from my city and I was fuckin' stoked. The next year, I saw Lack of Interest play at Urban Underground with Manchurian Candidates from Austin (killer ripping hardcore like Disrupt). Society of Friends also from Austin were supposed to play but cancelled and I unfortunately never got to see them, though they are Texas powerviolence gods. I started playing bass and vocals in a band with a few friends called xPOWERBUTTx and we quickly played any show we could. I was headfirst into anything Slap-a-Ham, Sound Pollution, Havoc Records; all of this largely thanks to our friend Bucky who worked at Soundwaves and who now also runs a record store called Wired Up. Our first show was in the spring of 1999 with Tanari, a metalcore band who were ex-Rapport, [which is] a powerviolence band from Houston. This was also where I met two people who are still friends of mine to this day: Matt Blackburn who played in 50/50 (Houston Skategore) and the Houston artist Eyesore who recently did the art for the Holy Money 7". I filled in on drums in Tanari for a summer and through this band, our guitar player Mikey T and myself started jamming on our own as we both wanted to play something fast with blast beats and formed Machine Gun Romantics. Before the demise of xPOWERBUTTx, we had a split 7" with Frankenweenie from California and had also gotten the attention of Max Ward of Spazz/625 Thrash and had some tracks on the Barbaric Thrash 3 Comp. I sent Max the MGR demo and they asked us to do a 7". This opened the door for a bunch of Texas bands as not only did it allow us to leave the state, but I feel like it helped get people to pay attention to what was happening in Texas. From there, I started Hatred Surge while doing MGR and after MGR we had Knuckle Scraper and Insect Warfare. It's safe to say, we owe Max a lot for giving all of us a chance and releasing our music to the world in the still primitive times of the internet (MP3.com, Napster, Soulseek).
Scene Point Blank: PLF is a great way to kick things off. I feel your pain with Society of Friends, I missed Aus-Rotten's last shows when I was around 15, but was at the first handful of Caustic Christ and Behind Enemy Lines shows. I've read that you have an affinity for Nirvana and Sabbath. What have you been listening to lately? Do you have any favorite music outside of punk and metal subgenres?
Alex Hughes: Things I've been listening to as of late are Peter Walker, The Red Krayola, The Soft Machine, Henry Cow, Time, Tangerine Dream, Popol Vuh, Cluster, Michael C. Sharp, Fela Kuti, M.I.A., Meth Drinker, Intensive Care, Revenge, and Sect Pig.
Outside of punk and metal subgenres, some of my favorites are Hawkwind, Captain Beyond, CAN, Neu!, Public Enemy, Steven R. Smith, Grails, Dr. Octagon / Kool Keith, The Music Machine, CCR, The Kinks, Thin Lizzy, The Zombies.
Scene Point Blank: Oil by Meth Drinker rules. Also, good call on Kool Keith and Thin Lizzy. How do you feel about the relationship between music and social consciousness in terms of art and direct action? Is one more serious than the other? Do you think the best music is rooted in sociopolitical angst?
Alex Hughes: I think the two definitely can go hand in hand and when executed properly can be very powerful. I think direct action is obviously a more serious and sometimes dangerous way to take matters into your own hands, but then again, maybe the music one is creating is enough to move people to change, it's hard to say. There are definitely people in places outside of America that risk their lives just to play the music that they want to play. That's very serious.
Scene Point Blank: Speaking on that, what social issues move you the most and do you have any relevant literature you'd like to recommend?
Alex Hughes: The transgender equality movement. The legalization of cannabis. The awakening of consciousness that is pushing everyone to realize that we all need to treat each other better because we are all the same thing and we are all in this together. Relevant (to everything) literature: The Archaic Revival by Terrence McKenna, The Book on the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are by Alan Watts, and 2012: The Return of Quetzalcoatl by Daniel Pinchbeck.
Scene Point Blank: You've participated in projects worthy of a lot of touring. Where are your favorite places you've spent your time and played shows?
Alex Hughes: I love California. Always a good time playing in LA and San Diego. The Bay Area is one of my favorite spots to play and visit. I love Canada. Vancouver, Montreal, Toronto, all so full of cool shit to do and great people. Poutine! Belgium, The Netherlands, Wales, and Austria were probably my favorite places to play in Europe. Good sights, good people. Mexico. Went for a two week tour with Sacred Shock. Some of my favorite times. Tacos every day. Got to see the pyramids in Teotihuacan. Drank a lot of mescal and tequila. Two thumbs up.
Scene Point Blank: Dude, that's great. And it sounds like you've managed to see a lot. What do you do when you're not working on music?
Alex Hughes: When not working on music, I'm spending time with my wife Cate and our dog Steve. I like to draw and play with coloring books, [I've] recently been getting into role playing board games, and puzzles. For reading, mostly sci-fi / horror, philosophy, and various non-fiction. I enjoy going to the Alamo Drafthouse for movies. When the weather is nice, the parks in Houston are great. We like to travel a lot and it's been rad just exploring places in Texas recently that I have never been to before.
Scene Point Blank: You spoke about having a desire to get into doing scores. Let's talk about music in cinema. What kind of music and film are you envisioning? I like the idea heavy experimental stuff being used to compliment a visual piece or vice versa. Stuff like Prurient or even some of the Holy Money work for that matter.
Also, what scores really stand out to you? I think Johann Johannson's work on Sicario is some of the most menacing music I've heard.
Alex Hughes: I've been recording mostly with acoustic guitars, my upright bass and some light percussion. I've done a few things with my synth. I recently got a sitar as well and plan on recording more with that. The stuff I've been recording is very stark for the most part. I would be interested in doing music for obviously a sci-fi or horror film, but I'm eager to try just about anything. I still haven't seen Sicario, it's on the Netflix mail list. Some scores I really dig are The Shining, The Thing, It Follows, There Will Be Blood, Birdman, The Hateful Eight, Blade Runner, A Clockwork Orange, Eyes Wide Shut, The Omen, Rosemary's Baby, and The Tenant.
Scene Point Blank: Oh man, great list. Johnny Greenwood's work for There Will Be Blood and The Master makes the cello sound frightening. The sitar can definitely produce some great atmosphere. I'd love to hear it over the backdrop of outer space. Have you considered investing in a waterphone?
Alex Hughes: Man, now I need to re-watch The Master. That was a good one. I had to look up a waterphone...that's what that sound is?!?! Never knew until now! Now I will obviously be in the market for one of those!
Scene Point Blank: Do you have any thoughts or feelings that you'd like to air out on this current presidential election or just the contemporary state of politics in general?
Alex Hughes: Well, I would love to think something good will happen, I'll just keep it at that. Good things will happen if people want good things and I think a lot of people in this country know exactly what that it is. It's time to stop acting like no one knows Washington D.C. is not really that much different from Hollywood. It's all very petty and boring and obvious and we should stop acting so surprised about it. It's all rearing its ugly head.
Scene Point Blank: How much of that perspective bleeds into your lyrical content?
Alex Hughes: Some, but that's not the focus of what I write about. Most of my lyrics are about how I fit into all of this and how it's not necessarily a unique thing, and how people should be aware of that fact instead of the many distractions that are all around them at all times. Too many people do not want to think of themselves as having an experience. Too many people are ready to subscribe to anything and give themselves titles and think they are entitled to many things. But if someone else is telling you what to do all the time, in every aspect of your decision making that is not coming from within you, from your gut, from your own brain...then what are you anyways? You're not having an experience, you're not in tune with yourself and you just want to be what other people are or have what other people have or be and live what you think other people should think of you. You are constantly projecting yourself onto other people and other people are always doing that back. So you might as well not be a piece of shit unless you want to live in a world of shit where you can't do anything that you want.
Scene Point Blank: Alex, it's been a privilege. Is there anything else you'd like to say or promote?
Alex Hughes: Thanks Zach. I appreciate you and it was a privilege to talk to you and speak my mind.
Holy Money The Language Machine LP will be released on vinyl by Anthems of the Undesirable probably sometime later this year.
Listen to yourself.
Mark Benson, president of Honolulu Ford, is offering a plot of land in Oregon for free to anyone who promises to build a brewpub and restaurant on the property. Photo by UPI/Shutterstock/Piyato
SANDY , Ore., Feb. 26 (UPI) -- The president of a car dealership in Hawaii is offering a plot of land in Oregon for free to anyone who promises to build a brewpub and restaurant on the property.
Mark Benson, president of Honolulu Ford, purchased the eight-acre plot of land in 2004, intending to build a new dealership on it. But the dealership deal fell through.
The plot of land, which is valued at $2 million and sees as many as 50,000 cars pass by in a day, now has a sign reading "FREE LAND for BREWPUB."
"I'm looking for the ideal convergence of economic development, tourism and jobs," Benson said. "Not to mention that craft beers are on rise and the location upon which my property sits is perfectly suited to fill a need the area has for quality beer and good food."
City manager Seth Atkinson told the Oregonian that zoning could make the property eligible for additional tax breaks and stated a need for a brewpub or restaurant in the area.
"From everything we're seeing, demand is very high for this type of project," they said.
In addition to offering the land for free, Benson said they would agree to be a partner in the business to any serious buyers.
"This will be great for the local community and so far we've received a lot of response," they said. "We hope to find the right partner with vision and a solid business plan and will look at this as great opportunity as well."
December 30, 2017
The paper blasted off, losing touch with reality, a long time ago. When ten million Ukrainians were killed under the communist boot, they published Walter Duranty's piece , "Russians Hungry, but Not Starving." Such terrible reporting was a good opportunity to learn and correct the Times' distorting leftist ideology. Unfortunately, the paper is content to remain in orbit.
Mark Landler's recent front-page story on the NYT could be written only by someone who doesn't live here on Planet Earth among us humans. They claimed that President Trump, "breaks with 70 years of American foreign policy." Now, there are plenty of legitimate ways to critique Trump's foreign policy, but claiming Trump is a radical "insurgent" is not one of them.
Almost every move Trump has taken has been to moderate Obama's actions. Obama was a dilettante who took America far off course. Trump is a return to center.
One of Landler's first pieces of evidence is Trump's removal of America from the Paris Accords. Really? When did Eisenhower say America should submit to a supranational organization to control the world's climate? If the NYT wants to argue that Americans must subordinate domestic policy to communists in Beijing, please do so, but it is illogical to claim that Trump is an "insurgent" because they ended Obama's singular policy of linking global warming to national security.
Landler brings up Trump's role in denouncing the Iran deal as further evidence that Trump is out of line. In fact, Trump hasn't even ended the deal yet.
But okay, let's assume Trump does end the Iran deal at some point in the future. By ending a deal that " paves Iran's path to the bomb ," Trump would be reaffirming long-term American policy of non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
No leftist NYT hit piece on Trump would be complete without a mention of their tweeting habits, which Landler feels are "fanning fears of war" with North Korea. If Kim Jong-un is so volatile that a tweet could cause Kim to start a war, then Obama made an unforgivable mistake by standing around with their hands in their pocket while North Korea obtained nukes and ICBMs.
It was American policy, dating all the way back to Truman, to contain China and North Korea. Trump is doing nothing more than stating the truth, recognizing adversarial powers, and taking steps to stop their expansion when they tweet that China was caught "RED HANDED" letting oil through to North Korea.
Incidentally, Trump called out China and North Korea the morning Landler released their article, where they quoted a NeverTrump saying "[t]he Chinese are playing" Trump. When one's framework of understanding is contradicted the exact same day it's spammed to the entire world, perhaps it's a good time to re-evaluate.
Perhaps most telling of all is Landler's complaints about Trump's "strange" relationship with Vladimir Putin.
Left unstated is that if Russia is such a problem, why did Obama change century-old American policy and grant the Russians permanent normal trade relations ? Obama's move is reminiscent of fellow leftist Franklin Roosevelt's decision to recognize the USSR in 1933 (that worked out well, didn't it?), the same year the NYT published Duranty's piece.
Now, once again, the NYT wants to lecture people about Ukraine, stating that Trump has "little idea of Ukraine's importance." However, Trump recently approved the sale of sniper rifles and anti-tank Javelins to Ukraine. This is a tough decision for Ukrainians: do they prefer leftists who cover up the Holodomor and normalize trade relations with Putin? Or the president who sells them arms to defend their sovereignty?
Image copyright AFP Image caption Controversy surrounds Donald Trump Jr's meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya
President Donald Trump personally dictated the statement their son gave on their talks with a Russian lawyer during the election campaign, US media report.
It said Donald Trump Jr and the lawyer had mostly discussed the adoption of Russian children in June 2016.
Mr Trump Jr later revealed they had agreed to meet them after being told they could receive damaging material on Hillary Clinton.
President Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia.
The Senate, House of Representatives and a special counsel are all investigating alleged Russian interference in the presidential election which took the form of attempts to undermine Mrs Clinton - a claim denied by the Kremlin.
The reports about Mr Trump Jr's statement came in the midst of further turmoil at the White House.
White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci was fired on Monday after fewer than 10 days in the post.
The former Wall Street financier had drawn criticism after calling a reporter to give a profanity-laced tirade against their colleagues.
Legal concerns
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption All you need to know about the Trump-Russia investigation
Reports that President Trump had themselves dictated the statement their son issued about the meeting with lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya first emerged in the Washington Post. It cited multiple sources.
The initial plan was that Mr Trump Jr fully disclose what they knew about the meeting, the Post says, but that decision was reversed and their first statement said they had discussed the adoption of Russian children, not campaign issues.
Mr Trump Jr later acknowledged that they had agreed to meet after being told Kremlin-linked information about Mrs Clinton would be offered during the talks.
They also released the email exchange that brought about the meeting.
The Washington Post says some of the president's advisers fear the extent of the president's intervention could place them and some of their inner circle in legal jeopardy.
Why is Trump possibly in legal trouble?
By Anthony Zurcher, BBC News, Washington
According to the Washington Post, Donald Trump thinks that because they didn't do anything wrong, they can't obstruct the criminal investigation into Russian electoral meddling.
The president's personal lawyers might want to tell them that's not how it works - and the president might want to listen.
Even if misdirecting the media isn't a crime, the Post points out that it's enough to encourage special counsel Robert Mueller to take a closer look. And if the president, who it now appears had a deep involvement in crafting the response to the Donald Trump Jr email bombshell, did more than just help mislead the American public, they could be in legal jeopardy.
At the very least the president is playing with political dynamite by not insulating themselves from the investigation. It's a lesson President Richard Nixon learned the hard way during Watergate.
But then Mr Trump is operating as president the way they did as a candidate - with a small, sometimes chaotic inner circle, where lines of authority are blurred, "expert" advise is often dismissed and all paths lead to Trump.
If they - or new chief of staff John Kelly - doesn't change this structure soon, the president may come to regret it.
What do the emails reveal?
Mr Trump Jr received an email from an intermediary, British music publicist Rob Goldstone, promising documents from Russia that would incriminate Mrs Clinton.
At that time, their father was the presumptive Republican nominee and heading towards an election fight against their Democratic rival.
The meeting was reportedly arranged by Russian business person Aras Agalarov and their son Emin, a pop star who was managed for a time by Mr Goldstone.
One email from Mr Goldstone said the information they had been promised was "obviously very high-level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government's support for Mr Trump".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donald Trump Jr maintains that there was nothing to tell their father President Trump
Mr Trump Jr's response to it was: "If it's what you say I love it."
Mr Trump Jr, their brother-in-law Jared Kushner and then campaign chairperson Paul Manafort met Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya at Trump Tower in New York.
It became apparent, Mr Trump Jr later said, that Ms Veselnitskaya wanted to discuss a suspended programme for Americans to adopt Russian children.
What did Trump Jr say about the meeting?
Donald Trump Jr told Fox News' Sean Hannity in July that they did not tell their father about last year's meeting: "It was such a nothing. There was nothing to tell.
"I mean, I wouldn't have even remembered it until you started scouring through this stuff. It was literally just a wasted 20 minutes, which was a shame."
In retrospect, they would have done things a little differently, Mr Trump Jr told Fox News, but they defended their actions.
But the meeting went nowhere, they said, and it was apparent Mrs Clinton was not the subject.
They could not vouch for the information they were sent, they said.
"Someone sent me an email. I can't help what someone send me. I read it, I responded accordingly, and if there was something interesting there, I think that's pretty common."
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
Image copyright SPL
The brain has a weak spot for Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia, according to UK scientists who have pinpointed the region using scans.
The brain area involved develops late in adolescence and degenerates early during ageing.
At the moment, it is difficult for doctors to predict which people might develop either condition.
The findings, in the journal PNAS, hint at a potential way to diagnose those at risk earlier, experts say.
Although they caution that "much more research is needed into how to bring these exciting discoveries into the clinic".
Early doctors called schizophrenia 'premature dementia' but until now we had no clear evidence that the same parts of the brain might be associated with two such different diseases Prof Hugh Perry of the MRC
Weak spot
The Medical Research Council team who carried out the study did MRI brain scans on 484 healthy volunteers aged between eight and 85 years.
The researchers, led by Dr Gwenaëlle Douaud of Oxford University, looked at how the brain naturally changes as people age.
The images revealed a common pattern - the parts of the brain that were the last to develop were also the first to show signs of age-related decline.
These brain regions - a network of nerve cells or grey matter - co-ordinate "high order" information coming from the different senses, such as sight and sound.
When the researchers looked at scans of patients with Alzheimer's disease and scans of patients with schizophrenia they found the same brain regions were affected.
The findings fit with what other experts have suspected - that although distinct, Alzheimer's and schizophrenia are linked.
Prof Hugh Perry of the MRC said: "Early doctors called schizophrenia 'premature dementia' but until now we had no clear evidence that the same parts of the brain might be associated with two such different diseases. This large-scale and detailed study provides an important, and previously missing, link between development, ageing and disease processes in the brain.
"It raises important issues about possible genetic and environmental factors that may occur in early life and then have lifelong consequences. The more we can find out about these very difficult disorders, the closer we will come to helping sufferers and their families."
Dr Michael Bloomfield of University College London said: "Schizophrenia can be potentially devastating but at the moment it's very difficult to predict with certainty who is going to have a good prognosis and who might have a poor one.
"This study brings us a step closer to being able to make this prediction, so patients could in the future receive better targeted treatments."
Armed with this new knowledge, it may also be possible to understand how to prevent the brain changes before they occur, they said
Image copyright EPA Image caption Nato held major exercises in north-eastern Poland last month
EU nations must step up their military co-operation as they cannot simply rely on the US to defend them, EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says.
"Our deference to Nato can no longer be used as a convenient alibi to argue against greater European efforts.
"We have no other choice than to defend our own interests in the Middle East, in climate change, in our trade agreements," they said in Prague.
US President Donald Trump has urged Nato allies to boost defence spending.
Last month German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Europe could no longer "completely depend" on the US and UK, following the election of President Trump and the triggering of Brexit.
The UK and France are by far the strongest military powers in the EU, so UK withdrawal potentially weakens Europe's collective military muscle.
Only five of Nato's 29 member states - the UK, US, Poland, Greece and Estonia - have met Nato's target for each member to spend at least 2% of their GDP (national output) on defence.
Mr Juncker told the Prague defence and security conference on Friday that "the way forward starts with making sure that we spend what is needed on our defence".
Cold War-era tensions have resurfaced since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014 and pro-Russian rebels carved out a separatist region in eastern Ukraine.
Wasteful policies
"The protection of Europe cans no longer be outsourced," Mr Juncker said.
But they stressed that "competition between the EU and Nato is not an option".
They praised the EU-Nato partnership in some key hotspots around the world: Afghanistan, the Balkans and the Horn of Africa.
But they deplored inefficiencies in European military spending and planning, saying much more co-operation on defence projects was needed in the EU.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Last month an EU battlegroup of 3,000 troops trained in the Zaragoza region of north-eastern Spain
Mr Juncker said the EU was spending on average €27,000 (£24,000; $30,000) per soldier on equipment and research, whereas the US was spending €108,000.
"Together, we spend half as much as the United States, but even then we only achieve 15% of their efficiency," they said.
"Absurdly, there are more helicopter types than there are governments to buy them! We must do better."
The UK has long been one of the strongest voices in the EU against any moves towards forming a European army. The UK says the EU must not duplicate Nato's role as the main pillar of European defence.
However, Mr Trump's criticisms of Nato have raised questions about the US commitment to defending Europe.
European Defence Fund
On Wednesday the European Commission announced the launch of a European Defence Fund, agreed with national governments, to help finance joint military projects.
The EU will earmark budget funds to co-finance projects that EU member states want to develop together.
Under the plan, €500m will be made available annually after 2020 for joint military research, and another €1bn annually for joint investment and purchases of military equipment, such as drones and helicopters.
The EU has formed some joint battlegroups, intended as a rapid reaction force, but they have never been tested in combat.
The San Francisco Airport is joining the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency on the Super Bowl volunteerism bandwagon.
Last week the San Francisco Examiner reported thousands of SFMTA employees were asked to volunteer for Super Bowl-related work – paid on The City's dime.
First it was just one city agency. Now, it's two.
An email from San Francisco Airport Director John Martin was made public on social media Thursday, saying SFO staff are being asked to “volunteer” to assist an influx passengers attributed to the Super Bowl.
“The Super Bowl is generating the largest number of passengers in SFO history,” Martin wrote, in the email, justifying the need for extra shifts.
The email was posted on Twitter by San Francisco Magazine Senior Editor Joe Eskenazi.
Doug Yakel, a spokesperson for the airport, told the San Francisco Examiner “The substance of the email in the photo is accurate.”
Supervisor Jane Kim previously criticized city agencies trying to play a “shell game” to hide how much money was being spent on the Super Bowl City, a festival hosted downtown.
Workers diverted from normal jobs to Super Bowl related tasks, Kim said previously, is a loss in productivity paid for by San Francisco taxpayers.
The email details a need for extra hours from SFO customer service staff. The 71 employees who volunteered to guide passengers in “their regular work hours” will be paid a total of $16,246, Martin wrote in their email.
In response to inquiries, Yakel wrote, “We are expecting all-time record volumes at SFO as a result of the Super Bowl, and have added shifts to our existing program of volunteers to assist passengers.”
They added, “Over half of those shifts are being fulfilled by our current unpaid volunteers or existing paid customer service staff.”
The remainder volunteered during their regular work hours or on their own time, Yakel said, and no overtime was paid.
“Operations at SFO are proceeding very well as passengers arrive for the Super Bowl,” they said.
Winning their second four-game series of the season by defeating the Tampa Bay Rays three of the past four games was great, but now the Chicago White Sox don't have long to bask in those victories as the Detroit Tigers are up next at US Cellular Field.
The White Sox will host the AL Central leaders, who hold a 12-9 record, for three games, starting this evening at 8:05 ET with Justin Verlander of the Tigers taking on Jose Quintana of the White Sox.
Should be a nice battle from the mound, huh?
Chicago enters this game with a 14-13 overall record, winning their past two games against the Rays with Scott Carroll and Andre Rienzo having solid outings for the White Sox, or good enough outings for the offense of the White Sox to take control of the game.
One of the better parts last night's win over the Rays was a second inning home run by Alejandro De Aza and here is the GIF of that home run:
But that is enough about the Rays series, now the focus must shift to the Tigers, as the White Sox are just 1.0 game back for the division lead.
Now is the time for this team to put the pressure on the Tigers with just two days left in April.
In other White Sox news:
• In an article on whitesox.com, writer Phil Rogers says the White Sox are ready to give the Tigers a fight.
• The Chicago Sun-Times wrote Jose Abreu “has turned into a real singing bonus” for Chicago.
• Here is a video of Adam Eaton talking about the White Sox offense via the Chicago Tribune.
• ESPN Chicago has an article posted mentioning former White Sox World Series champion Freddy Garcia and how they are joining the Taiwan's EDA Rhinos.
• CSN Chicago posted a video talking about how the White Sox are scheduled face Verlander and Max Scherzer on consecutive nights.
• Here are the MLB standings headed into Tuesday's games.
Subscribe to the Southside Showdown free daily newsletter from FanSided by clicking here or add the the FanSided mobile app by clicking here. Please follow Southside Showdown on Twitter and like us on Facebook.
Militants are increasingly using the several hundred thousand civilians under their control as human shields to avoid being targeted
By Ahmed Rasheed
BAGHDAD, May 17 (Reuters) - Islamic State militants are planting bombs near front doors in Mosul to prevent civilians leaving, a federal police commander and witnesses said on Wednesday, as Iraqi forces make their final push against the jihadists after seven months of fighting.
Trapped in a shrinking area of the city, the militants are increasingly using the several hundred thousand civilians under their control as human shields to avoid being targeted or perhaps tarnish what Iraqi leaders describe as imminent victory.
Backed by a U.S.-led coalition, Iraqi forces have made rapid gains since opening a new front in northwest Mosul this month and have now dislodged Islamic State from all but about 12 square km (5 square miles) of the city.
The militants, however, still control the Old City, where they are expected to make their last stand in the densely populated, narrow streets that are impassible for armoured vehicles, forcing Iraqi forces to advance on foot.
The Iraqi government is pushing to declare victory by the holy month of Ramadan - expected to begin on May 27 - even if pockets of resistance remain in the Old City, according to military commanders.
Lieutenant-General Abdul Ghani al-Assadi told state TV their elite Counterterrorism Services (CTS) were advancing steadily in the Rifaie and Najjar districts, aiming to reach the western bank of the Tigris river and complete the Old City's encirclement.
"God willing the coming hours we will complete our assigned task," they said on Wednesday.
The militants had deployed 30 suicide car bombs against their troops in Mosul over the past two days, they said.
In the Siha district, Assadi said, Islamic State had chained civilians by the hands and used them as human shields to move around. "We saw them moving with their weapons in the midst of the civilians but we did not strike them," they said.
The civilians were unchained and released once the militants reached cover, Assadi said.
Hundreds if not more civilians have been killed under bombardment by the U.S.-led coalition and Iraqi airforce during the Mosul campaign and the rest are eating weeds and boiled wheat grain to surivive as food runs out.
Fearful of triggering bombs if they open the front door, civilians are fleeing through the same holes Islamic State knocked through interior walls to move around the city without being targeted from the sky.
The number of people fleeing Mosul has surged since the re-intensification of hostilities this month.
Nearly 10,000 people were displaced from the city on Tuesday, according to Iraqi government figures, joining an exodus of nearly 700,000 who have left Mosul since the start of the campaign last October.
Two civilians were killed when they returned to the Islah al-Ziraei district days after it was retaken by Iraqi forces when they accidentally triggered a bomb that Islamic State had planted to prevent them leaving their home.
(Writing by Isabel Coles; Editing by Louise Ireland)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Open Source
Careers
A collection of articles about jobs and careers in open source.
Getting a college degree is usually a good idea. It tells employers that you can stick with something for several years and see it through to completion, but it doesn't really tell them what you can do. The business work environment is radically different than school in most cases.
When I graduated with an engineering degree in 1991, the job market was weak. In fact, of my fellow electrical engineers, only three of us received job offers in our chosen field. All three of us had either done a summer internship or participated in a cooperative education program where we took a year off from school to work.
I can remember the first day of my co-op. I asked, "What do you want me to do?" And my manager replied, "What needs doing." There wasn't a syllabus, a curriculum, or a real schedule. In business, things change constantly, and to succeed you have to learn to identify problems and pursue solving them, often on your own initiative.
I strongly recommend co-op programs, but what happens if you either can't afford to take a year off or you're too close to graduation? Look to open source.
Open source for experience
By my observation, the demand for people in open source is at an all-time high. Open source technologies such as programming languages, libraries, and tools are now mainstream. Participating in an open source community can help you learn those tools, and when you go on job interviews you can not only discuss your shiny new degree, but you can point to things you've actually done that made a difference.
And this doesn't have to be just code. Want to go into marketing? Open source projects tend to be extremely weak in that area. Find a project you like and develop materials telling others why you like it. Those of us who maintain such projects love that stuff.
A lot of companies, such as Google and Microsoft, have a long and complex hiring process. They understand the importance of finding good people. I agree with them, but my hiring process is easy. I just look toward our community and find people within it who want jobs—they make the best employees.
Someone who was willing to do something for free suddenly gets paid for it? It's like eating an ice cream sundae and finding money at the bottom.
The best employees are those who truly enjoy what they're doing. Too many organizations are saddled with people who just want a job for the paycheck. I can remember back in 2009 when things were really tough and a lot of programmers were without work, people would ask me if we were hiring. I'd reply that we are always looking for good people, and if you are interested in a full-time job get involved with the project. I'd then point them to our bug tracker and say, "fix a couple of bugs and show me what you can do." I never had anyone take me up on it.
However, several years ago, a young man from Venezuela started working with our community. They soon became a valuable and major contributor. They lived in Caracas, a city many consider to be less safe than Baghdad. They were also commuting two hours each way in horrible traffic. We were able to offer them a contract position, and that worked so well that we invested in getting them an H-1B visa. They were able to move to the United States with their wife, and now we are working to get them both permanent resident status. While they are a special case, almost everyone at my company came from the community.
I can remember one lunch when we had the whole team together, and I asked for everyone who had a four-year degree to raise their hand. I really didn't know, and it turned out to be slightly more than half. Degrees are really important—don't get me wrong—but being able to demonstrate that one can produce something outside the classroom, work in a team, and show a willingness to do work just for the sake of making something new is equally, if not more, important.
Open source is about creating something great just for the joy of doing it, and that's something that's hard to learn in a classroom.
FRANKLIN TOWNSHIP, NJ (WTXF) Authorities say a Franklin Township woman has been charged in connection with the death of their newborn infant daughter.
According to police, Jade Fanz,19, has been charged with murder and related offenses in the death of their newborn infant, whose body was found February 27th on the property of their family's Proposed Avenue residence.
In addition to murder, authorities say, Fanz has been charged with unlawfully disturbing, moving or concealing human remains 2C:24-4A(2) and abuse or neglect of a child 2C:22-1A(1).
According to the complaint, Fanz caused the death of the infant girl "by applying pressure to the throat" and strangling them until they were deceased.
Police sources say Fanz went to Kennedy Hospital in Blackwood after the baby's birth for treatment after they began hemorrhaging. Investigators followed up and began searching for the baby.
Fanz has been placed in jail in default of $250,000 bail.
Have you heard what's going on with the government's almost trillion-dollar bailout and how your money is being spent? Do you know all you need to know about who's managing all that taxpayer money -- and how effectively it's being used?
Not if you're getting your news from cable TV. Judging by where the media are focusing their attention, you'd think the Blago/Burris/Reid and Kennedy/Paterson/Cuomo soap operas are the biggest issues facing the nation -- and that little thing about the potential collapse of the world's largest economy is just a sideshow.
Why have the media shown such relatively little interest in the utter lack of transparency about the bailout? Is it because they are still in campaign mode -- addicted to small bore, quick burn-out stories?
The time has come to recalibrate. As Obama transitions to governing mode, so should the press. Admittedly, governing stories aren't usually as sexy as campaign stories -- but the reason we cared so much about the campaign in the first place was to get to the governing.
On top of it, the bailout is a fascinating story. Not so much a whodunit as a who's-doing-it. This mystery is unfolding right in front of us, and the size of the victim pool could very well depend on whether we unravel the mystery in flashback or while it's still in progress.
Like most good mysteries, this one has a huge cast of characters -- like the Dickensianly named Neel Kashkari, the young Goldman banker put in charge of the bailout at the Treasury Department, the sharp-tongued Barney Frank, and the earnest and increasingly bewildered Hank Paulson, who started off the bailout process by romantically getting down on one knee in front of Nancy Pelosi and proposing to make the whole thing official.
But what we know is clearly dwarfed by what we don't know, because at every point in this story, the government has chosen to draw the curtains.
Just last week, four firms -- Goldman, Blackrock, Wellington and PIMCO -- were selected to manage the $500 billion account of mortgage-backed securities for the Fed. But how they were selected, what they're getting paid, and what they plan on doing with the money is all under wraps. "The selection of these managers seems incredibly opaque," Jeffrey Gundlach, an expert in mortgage-backed securities, told TPMmuckraker.
The head of one of the firms, Bill Gross of PIMCO, assured CNBC last month that "PIMCO would be the leader here in suggesting to the Treasury that we would work for no fee." So is Gross holding to their no fee pledge? We don't know - and the government isn't in any rush to tell us.
As a GAO report last month dryly concluded: "The rapid pace of implementation and evolving nature of the program have hampered efforts to put a comprehensive system of internal control in place. Until such a system is fully developed and implemented, there is heightened risk that the interests of the government and taxpayers may not be adequately protected and that the program objectives may not be achieved in an efficient and effective manner." In other words, the money is flying out the door but no one is watching where it's going.
The report also noted that the government still isn't able to say what the banks did with the first infusion of bailout money. In a response letter, Kashkari wouldn't say, but noted that the Fed has a "different perspective" on judging what the banks are doing with the money. And just what is this "perspective"? They wouldn't say. Their perspective is that we can't know their perspective.
Of course, a lack of oversight was a key reason why Paulson's original bailout proposal was shot down. So some controls were written into the legislation so it could pass. And then what happened to the controls? Did they evaporate? Did they disappear up David Blaine's sleeve? Were they too toothless to begin with? We don't really know. As Eric Thorson, the Treasury's inspector general said, six weeks after the bill passed, "It's a mess. I don't think anyone understands right now how we're going to do proper oversight of this thing."
If the media don't go after this story with the same passion they went after morsels from the campaign trail, or with the same intensity they are going after every Blago/Burris nugget, and allow the government and its cronies to disperse a huge pot of taxpayer money behind closed doors, we know what's going to happen. And that's because we've seen this same scenario played out before -- in Iraq. In a devastating Rolling Stone piece, Naomi Klein details "the many worrying parallels between the administration's approach to the financial crisis and its approach to the Iraq War." They write that "under cover of an emergency, Treasury is rapidly turning into an economic Green Zone, overrun with private companies collecting lucrative contracts." If the reconstruction of our economy follows the path of the reconstruction of Iraq, we are in for a very long, very hard -- and very painful -- economic slog.
Consensus deal breaks down after opposition draws the line at extending the ban to funds given to activist groups
Liberal and Labor parliamentarians have failed to reach a consensus on banning foreign donations to political parties – with Labor now expected to reject curbs on activist groups such as GetUp.
The joint parliamentary committee on electoral matters is due to bring forward an interim report on foreign donations on Friday after being given an extension of time in an attempt to build cross-party agreement.
Guardian Australia understands there was preliminary agreement between the major parties on a working draft of the report late last week but the deal broke down last weekend.
Foreign donations report delayed in search for bipartisan deal Read more
A copy of the working draft made its way to some activist groups, who were alarmed by the thrust of the recommendations, and intensified their lobbying efforts.
Labor is now expected to produce a dissenting report, which will argue foreign citizens and entities should be banned from making donations to political parties and “associated entities”, which includes some but not all trade unions – but will draw the line at extending the ban to activist groups.
The Greens, who are also expected to issue a dissenting report, support a ban on overseas donations to political parties and associated entities but do not believe the ban should extend to activist groups.
The Greens believe restrictions for activist groups should not apply before writs are issued because a blanket donations ban would harm groups including environmental, religious and public health groups taking part in civil society, including advocacy and delivering other programs outside election time.
The Liberal Democrat senator David Leyonhjelm opposes a ban on foreign donations and peppered witnesses with questions suggesting there was no problem to be fixed. Other members of the committee believe they will issue a further dissenting report.
Labor has been telegraphing concerns in recent weeks that the government wants to cross the line between regulating campaign finance for electioneering purposes and regulation that could be interpreted by the courts as curbing activism.
Bruised by coordinated campaigns from progressive activist groups against the Coalition in marginal seats during the 2016 election – campaigns that supplemented a massive field operation from the ALP and trade unions – the government has signalled on several occasions it won't countenance reform of the donations and disclosure regime that applies only to political parties.
Liberals boss Tony Nutt calls for foreign donations ban on all entities, including GetUp Read more
The government has made the point that third-party activist groups are now significant players in the Australian political system, and you create an asymmetry if you regulate political parties but not other actors capable of influencing the political system.
The special minister of state, Scott Ryan, told Guardian Australia last September: “There's no point regulating political parties to within an inch of their life and then saying it's a free-for-all elsewhere.”
Coalition sources have told Guardian Australia agreement has broken down through the joint committee process because Labor has been pursuing a “GetUp exemption” and that is unreasonable at a time where activist groups run overt political campaigns.
The committee, which has been charged with reviewing the conduct of the 2016 federal election, and with looking at the donations and disclosure system, managed to produce a consensus report on authorising electoral messages in the first phase of the inquiry.
If the government intends to pursue a proposal on foreign donations that Labor can't ultimately support, it will have to run the gauntlet of the crossbench.
The capital murder case of a teenager who police say fatally shot a man through their car window was bound over to a grand jury today.
Joshawn Darnell McCall, 19, was arrested and charged with capital murder on Feb. 1, after a shooting in Tarrant left 30-year-old Marcus Jermaine Felder dead.
Tarrant police Det. James Phillip George Jr. testified at McCall's preliminary hearing Tuesday. They said Marcus Felder and their brother Martez Felder lived together and worked together at the Continental Bakery in Mountain Brook. They both worked on Sundays, and would alternate who drove into work.
On Jan. 29, Martez walked outside to start their car but discovered their car had been stolen. They reported the incident to police that day, George said.
The following is what George said occurred on Jan. 30, the day Marcus was shot: Marcus went to work at the Continental Bakery, but Martez was off work and stayed home. While they were home, they received multiple Facebook messages from friends who said they saw their stolen car in Birmingham's Inglenook neighborhood and later in the Evergreen Bottom neighborhood. Martez called their brother, and asked Marcus to help them search for their car after work. On their way home from work, Marcus searched the Inglenook neighborhood but did not locate the stolen car. When they arrived home, they and Martez decided to go to Cathy McCall's home, where their neighbor's nephew lived. When they arrived at Cathy McCall's house, the brothers saw a group of men standing in the yard, so Martez got out of the car and asked the men if they had seen their car. A verbal argument followed, and Joshawn McCall pulled out a handgun and threatened the Felders. The brothers left, but decided to go home and retrieve a shotgun in case they were threatened again. When they returned to the McCall house, Martez got out with the shotgun and told Joshawn McCall's brother Stacey, "I just want my car back."
George said after the Felders returned to the McCall house, witness accounts vary. One witness said Martez began firing the shotgun towards the McCall house, but other witnesses said the Felders got into their vehicle and drove away. After the vehicle drove off, the witnesses all said they saw McCall run into the street and shoot multiple times at the Felders' car.
Man shot, killed in Tarrant while possibly trying to retrieve their stolen car Marcus Jermaine Felder, 30, was shot Monday. They died Tuesday at UAB Hospital.
Martez told police their brother was turning around looking behind the vehicle when a bullet came through the car's window and struck Marcus in the forehead. After Marcus was shot, the car struck a utility pole.
According to George, Martez was afraid McCall might still be following the car to shoot him, so Martez jumped out of the car with their shotgun and ran between two houses. There, they hid their shotgun under an air conditioning vent and ran home. Their mother called police.
Sarah Beth Eldridge, one of the deputy district attorneys prosecuting the case, said in the argument phase of the hearing that while the Felders should not have gone back to the McCall house, McCall chased the Felders while they were retreating. "That did not give this defendant a right to shoot and murder someone."
When arrested on Feb. 1, McCall told police the Felder brothers "shot up their house" because they thought one of the McCall brothers stole Martez's car, George said. McCall said they returned fire in self defense.
Police found one shell casing and one projectile in front of the McCall house.
One of McCall's attorneys, Joseph Simonetti, said the early nightfall and lack of metal detectors to find evidence could have left some shell casings unseen. "Mr. McCall did not go to the Felder's house. They came over there brandishing a weapon."
They said the defense believes there was "at least a possibility" of other shooters, and called the incident "chaotic."
Jefferson County Circuit Judge Clyde Jones denied Simonetti's request to lower McCall's bond from $250,000 to $50,000. Jones bound over the case to a grand jury for possible indictment.
A GoFundMe account, started by Continental Bakery owner Carole Griffin, has raised over $6,000 since their death. "Marcus Felder, our dear friend, has worked with us at the Continental Bakery for many years, starting out as a dish washer and working their way up to pizza chef and crepe master. They were a beloved part of our bakery family, always willing to pitch in, to offer a kind word and a helpful hand. They were smart, big hearted, attentive, talented, honorable, funny, fun and hardworking," Griffin wrote. "He was one of the finest people I know. Our hearts are broken."
Palestinian artists penetrated the heavily fortified heart of West Jerusalem overnight and painted graffiti bearing political messages on walls, doors, construction sites and other surfaces.
The artists struck in two areas, the West Jerusalem city center (near Jaffa Road and King George Street) and the German Colony/Talbiyye area.
The city center is today full of bars and restaurants frequented by Israeli Jews and tourists. Talbiyye was a once prosperous Arab neighborhood. These areas and large swathes of West Jerusalem were ethnically cleansed of their Palestinian populations in 1948 and are now almost exclusively Jewish.
As the photos show, the art includes the map of Palestine with the Arabic prounoun أنا (“I” or “me”) and an image of a woman wearing a kaffiyeh with the word “revolt.” This image is a reminder of the central role women have played in Palestinian popular struggle. The artists plan to undertake similar actions in coming days and weeks.
A few okay emails as a warmup:
Polls and Alinsky What happens when Soros money dries up?
Rasmussen poll today puts Obama's numbers lower than yours. America is reading the Alinsky 12 Rules.
They are history.
Ridicule does not work.
Let me prove it. "OMG! Daily Kos, are the insult kings! You win. I lose. Now stop changing the subject. I have not heard a solution from you lips yet! Why? Is it because you have no solution.When you ridicule, you have just admittied that you have lost the argument. " That's why your side's polling and proposals are not accepted on their own merits. Date 08/31/09
-11 Approval Index
30% Strongly Approve
415 Strongly Disapprove
46% Total Approve
53% Total Disapprove Why do you show yourself so biased day after day? America has read Alinsky's 12 Rules and they don't work anymore!
Public option. There! A solution.
Afghan War You're a soldier. Get your ass to Afgahnistan and win one for your African "American" president
Better idea -- you know those chickenhawks that got us into all these wars? They can actually serve the nation they pretend to love.
You are a bunch of pussies at this site It hilarious how you ban people from posting who aren't on the total fringe left on every issue. Im not a Republican, I'm a registered Democrat who voted for Obama because I thought they would be a decent centrist, somewhat to the left. Hes not, hes a straight up leftist, borderline socialist, but apparently not radical enough for you. I cant post on your site anymore because I brought up the negative aspects of Ted Kennedy, all the lavishing of praise on this guy made me sick. They killed a woman, and went into CYA mode for himself, didn't try to save them They were also an infamous alcoholic who was hanging with their rapist kin the night before they raped a woman. I'm not allowed to bring this stuff up on your site because it doesn't jive with your little bubble of insanity you have here. We wouldn't want to burst your little bubble now would we.
I read this site because the concentrated insanity posted here is fascinating, this site represents all that is wrong with the ultra-liberal wing of the Democratic party. You are worse than the bible thumpers that Republicans have to accommodate.
I used to be a Republican until I read this email, then I decided I couldn't be a wingnut anymore. This pretending game is fun!
daily kos you are a bunch of commie pinko fags.... who would love to see the destruction of this nation aint gonna happen.... me and the rest of the nations yes us TEABAGGERS... have made sure that this commie health care bill FAILS.... you commies have the wh, the house and the senate... you do not need a republican at all.... and still you can not pass shit.... the American people do not want socialism... you fruitcakes are more than welcome to leave... go to canada, go to france, go to china go to Iran, go to cuba, go to Venezuela....you can get all the socialist healthcare rationing you want in those countries... leave mine alone....you socialist assclowns... this country would be better off if you were not here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! is soros still living in their cave... no they never did...if all you libs had a left as you said you would if good ole George W
Here's a better idea, the Teabaggers can go to THEIR libertarian paradise -- Somalia. Sure, black people live there too, but no place is perfect, right?
Now for the main course:
Hello "Kos",
I have prayed for God to smite(!) your homo site to for some time now.
It seems  They are taking longer than I hoped to answer my prayers. That is fine, they work in mysterious ways, as they say, even if i don't understand them. Have you prayed to Him recently? have you? You should. They will answer your prayers if you truly believe. I know this, because they answer mine. Maybe they won't answer yours because you might have homosexual tendencies. They don't answer sinners prayers, and homoness is a serious sin. A spit in the face of our lord, our god. They Hate HOMO SINNERS WITH A BURNING fiery PASSION. Are you a homo sinner? If you want your prayers answered i hope you are not. If you are a homosinner people will know. people can see through you faggot! So "Kos", i continue to pray, tormented inside, for you. I hope one day, your site goes off the air. Msnbc will go down with their ratings, and take your site, and Chris Matthew's, with it. God will answer my prayer, because i am not a homo. You mine as well not pray, because your homo human kind is not to their liking. He, like me, like women!! At this point in the email i know what you are wondering: why is Kos in " " marks? Well i have a reason for that as well. It is because I do not believe your real name is "kos". I think that is the name you use at gay bars and such, so your parents do not know your gay. you and your best friend Chris Matthew's must have a great time hanging out at those bars. "discussing politics" i'm sure. Bullshit, you don't go into gay bars to discuss politics with Chris Matthew's.
Get it? I'm gay. And that's bad! But I can't argue with the logic...
God answers prayers
Premise #1 is a fact, because they answer my prayers
I pray for your site to "go off the air", and MSNBC too.
Your site is still "on the air"
So my prayers aren't being answered
So maybe premise #1 isn't a fact?
Therefore, I'm an idiot.
To be honest, I'm suspicious of this one. Seems like too much of a parody of the winger gay basher. If it's real, it's a new classic. If it's fake ... fuck it, it's still a new classic.
It's over I think that finally all (or most) of the racists who voted for Barack Obama because they were black (and more charming than previous black candidates) have become color-blind like conservatives and see that Obama is a socialist, marxist danger to America. They will only serve one-term. I think they know this. This is why they didn't play the game of building up trust before trying to implement this Nazi-esque health care plan. They know if they can just get it in the door it can be expanded upon later to create the even larger nanny-state the liberals so desperately want. But they got greedy and tried to get it all in one shot. Now he's scrambling to lay the foundation for future damage. And Obamacare IS a Weapon of Mass Destruction to our country. So Obama will run rampant with a "scorched earth" lame duck administration. We must reclaim the house and senate in 2010 We must reclaim the White House in 2012. Not because Obama's black as Mark Lamont Hill would claim. But because he's anti-American.
You liberals are toast, Sincerely, heterosexual white dude
Umm. Who the fuck is Mark Lamont Hill?
[DKos Contact Form] Good Luck I am writing this to let you know there are a lot more like me probably 100 for every deviant slime ball like you people, and that we are going nowhwere, and will do whatever we have to to preserve our ,moral,way of like, being straight upstanding people who try to do gods will, the best we can, not the other way around. God will take us home, theres nothing you dgenerates can do about it and deep down you know it. Like I said good luck.
I'm confused. They're not going anywhere, but God will take them home? Not that I oppose their god taking them home, hopefully far, far away.
Can you imagine if Bush tried to infest our schools like Obama is ?
n
Liberals of course are crying foul that we are not allowing our children to hear Obama speak. If President Bush tried to pull this off, the left would be out in the streets burning down buildings and asking for their head. No politics in the classroom. Period! Religion and Politics are
Personal private issues and it is the family, the parents in charge of the instruction for both.
The liberals would love us to be stupid and think this is simply a sweet kind speech. This man has
An agenda. We get it. We know it . They have no right to infest our children with their views on issues
Or their view of America. Stay out of my kids classroom, stay out of our lives. We did not vote for him, we do not agree with anything they think or believes, they are against everything we do believe in.
It starts with a speech, then down the line another, forget it ! Obama is the best thing that ever happened to the Republican Party, look what having them in power has accomplished. We found our voices. The party without the numbers, the minority party was ab le to
Bring their health care bill to it's burial , after the announcement of their school speech, within 24 hours
The administration was cleaning it's web site and rewording the questionable parts of the lesson plan . Some schools are not showing it at all, others are allowing children to leave the room and some are not attending school that day. See, Obama would love if they had the power Saddam and Hitler did over their people, they would love to have their portrait hanging in every schoolroom across the country, they would love our children's books to be favorable of him, they would love an anthem to be sung about and for him. They would love for us to salute and fear him, they would love control of every aspect of our lives. It is not going to happen. The people in the Country, the majority of the American people love our Country just the way it is, we love our history, culture and our way of life . As far as Obama is concerned they find some country closest to their agenda and leave and leave us the hell alone.
Their Health Care Bill is nothing more than a tactic to drive us closer to a Socialist nation, they own the banking industry, they own the auto industry, they are trying to cut off free speech and they lash out at the opposition . No thanks man, take your health bill care and shove it. Take your ideas for change and MOVE ELSEWHERE. It is not going to happen in American, just because we the people say so.
=0 A
Who needs to imagine Bush infesting any schools? Mr. "My Pet Goat" was left shellshocked in one on 9/11. We didn't give a shit about Bush speaking in schools. I do love the source of this guy's paranoia, though -- if Obama gives a speech to students, then they might ... give another speech!!!!! And that would be iller than Hitler! Except Hitler was a lovable peace lover and totally misunderstood. Except when they were just like Obama, which was the bad parts of Hitler.
Still, this reminds me of something someone recently wrote somewhere -- liberals freaked out over the things George W. Bush did, they freak out over the things they imagine Obama doing.
Swansea forward Andre Ayew is attracting interest from West Ham
West Ham have enquired into the availability of Swansea forward Andre Ayew, according to Sky sources.
The Hammers are yet to lodge an official bid for the 26-year-old, who is understood to be valued by Swansea at £20m.
Ayew attracted interest from West Ham last summer, but joined the Swans on a free transfer and went on to score 12 goals during their debut season in the Premier League.
Ayew (C) scored in Swansea's 4-1 victory over West Ham in May
The Ghana international, who is contracted to Swansea until 2019, is currently one of only two senior forwards at the club following the departure of Bafetimbi Gomis to Marseille on a season-long loan.
Swansea hopes to sign two strikers before the close of the summer transfer window and it is understood they will not entertain the possibility of selling Ayew until they have acquired attacking reinforcements.
Meanwhile, Sky sources also understand West Ham are closing in on the loan signing of Argentine forward Jonathan Calleri from Boca Juniors.
West Ham are closing in on the loan signing of Jonathan Calleri
A deal for the 22-year-old is nearing completion, but an announcement is not imminent.
Calleri spent last season on loan at Brazilian club São Paulo and scored 16 goals in 31 appearances.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Anthony McCorkle wishes they owned their own recycling business.
Paying the city Department of Sanitation $2,000 for putting a bag of plastic bottles into their brother's car would likely amount to chump change if they were running a lucrative recycling business.
But times are tough for the 42-year-old West Brighton man. Baseball season is over at CitiField, where Anthony works summers as a porter during Mets games. Same with seasonal carpentry work.
To make ends meet, Anthony delivers the Advance to some friendly subscribers along their route who set aside plastic bottles for them to pick up so they can cash in
for a little extra.
"If I hold them for a week," Anthony says of the recyclables they collect, "I can make $20, $30."
Twenty bucks won't buy you 10 bucks these days, not even the radio knobs on a car. Anthony had to borrow their brother Michael's car on Oct. 8 to deliver papers.
"I get there at 8 in the morning to start," Anthony says, detailing a paper route that stretches from Taylor Street to Trinity, among others.
"When I got to Alaska Street, people had given me permission to go in the front yard and take the plastic bottles."
Apparently Sanitation Enforcement Agent Robert Barrows thought they saw a deep-pocketed recycling tycoon stashing a bag of plastic bottles in a 1997 Hyundai when they spotted Anthony on Alaska Street at about 8:30 that Friday morning.
Barrows approached Anthony and told them to "turn off the car and give me the keys."
"It's my brother's car," Anthony replied. "I need the car to finish my paper route."
Barrows didn't want to hear it. They accused Anthony of operating their own recycling business with their car and threatened to haul them off to jail if they didn't hand over the car keys.
"What am I gonna do?" Anthony asks, shrugging their shoulders inside their Caroline Street home yesterday. "I go to jail, I definitely can't afford that bill.
Anthony wisely handed over the car keys.
Barrows handed over a citation that called for Anthony to appear in front of the city's Environmental Control Board.
"...I did observe [Anthony McCorkle] unlawfully remove recyclable glass, metal, plastic, placed out for collection ... and place into a 1997 white Hyundai ... without written authorization from the property owner," Barrows wrote in the ticket.
Never mind Anthony's written petition with 36 signatures of people who are more than happy to help them out by giving them their plastic bottles to cash in for a few measly dollars.
When Anthony saw the fine he'd pay if he's convicted of removing residential recyclables and placing them into a vehicle, they almost choked on their empty wallet.
A maximum $2,000.
Since the car is registered to Anthony's brother, Michael McCorkle would also have to pay $2,000, along with the $120 it will cost to get the car back from to impound.
"They took my car for something I didn't do," Michael, 37, says.
Sanitation couldn't care less. Two grand is two-grand. Four grand is twice as grand.
"It's unlawful for any person, except for DSNY, to remove or transport by motor vehicle any recyclable materials placed out at curbside, within the stoop line, or in front of the premise for collection or removal by DSNY," says DSNY spokesperson Matthew Lipani.
"The Department does not issue violations to individuals who remove curbside recyclables via shopping cart or on foot," Lipani maintains.
In other words, if you're down and out and raiding front yards for plastic bottles and cans with a shopping cart, you're OK in Sanitation's book.
But when you're trying to do an honest day's work collecting bottles and cans with the property owners' permission and your brother's borrowed car, it'll cost you and your brother $2,000 each, and another $120 to get the car back because Sanitation is under the delusion that you can afford it.
That's what you get when a garbage man picks up the law.
For nearly three years now, I've been posting monthly photo essays on the war in Afghanistan, and a question I hear fairly often is, "Why do you do this?" My intent is to continue to focus attention on what is actually happening on the ground -- far from policy debates or speeches. As long as we, as a nation, are sending thousands of men and women into harm's way and tasking them with acting on our behalf in a foreign country, we need to be aware of what we are asking them to do, what their lives are like, and what the lives of the Afghan people are like. This is true even if the conflict has been going on for more than a decade -- and even if we don't all agree on whether we should be there at all. As of April 12, 120,000 soldiers from 50 nations are committed to Afghanistan, with 90,000 of them from the United States. All are working toward the planned 2014 withdrawal. Gathered here are images of those involved in this conflict over the past month, as part of the ongoing series here on Afghanistan.
Story highlights Mike Tyson was sentenced to 6 years for raping 18-year-old Desiree Washington.
Trump argued they should pay a fine rather than serving time.
(CNN) Three days after an Indiana jury convicted boxer Mike Tyson of rape, Donald Trump defended the heavyweight champ.
Tyson was found guilty of raping 18-year-old Desiree Washington, a Miss Black America contestant, in a hotel room. After the 1992 verdict, Trump argued that Tyson didn't necessarily deserve prison time.
"I'm totally opposed to obviously what happened. I'm a very strong believer in harsh punishment," Trump said. "But we think it's probably, in this particular case, a lot more good can be done by having Mike Tyson pay a substantial award both to the victim subject to court approval and creating a ward for people that were abused or raped in the state of Indiana."
The next week, in an interview with NBC News, Trump seemed to blame the victim.
Trump attends the "Mike Tyson: Undisputed Truth" Broadway Opening Night on August 2, 2012.
"You have a young woman that was in their room, their hotel room late in the evening at their own will. You have a young woman who was seen dancing for the beauty contest [the next day], dancing with a big smile on their face, looked happy as could be," Trump said.
Read More
Enrollment and Characteristics of the Patients
Table 1. Table 1. Demographic, Clinical, and Biologic Characteristics of the Patients at Diagnosis.
Figure 2. Figure 2. Study Enrollment, Randomization, and Retention. In the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group, both the patients who did not complete induction therapy and the patient who discontinued treatment after induction therapy owing to a major protocol violation could be evaluated for postconsolidation polymerase-chain-reaction status and event-free survival at 2 years and thus were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. Two patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (one who withdrew from the study and one who was lost to follow-up during the fourth cycle of consolidation therapy) and one patient in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (who withdrew from the study after the third cycle of consolidation therapy) could not be evaluated for the primary end point owing to insufficient follow-up.
Enrollment of the prespecified 162 patients was started in October 2007 and was completed in September 2010. The present analysis was performed in November 2012, with a median follow-up of 34.4 months (range, 0.5 to 55.8). Genetic tests ruled out a diagnosis of PML-RARA–positive APL in 3 patients. Three of 159 patients with genetically confirmed APL did not start the assigned treatment (1 withdrew consent, and 2 had major protocol violations). The intention-to-treat analysis included all 156 patients who received at least one dose of the assigned therapy after randomization. The main demographic, clinical, and biologic characteristics of these 156 patients are shown in Table 1. There were no significant differences in the baseline characteristics between the two cohorts. The disposition of the patients, including reasons for exclusion, is illustrated in Figure 2.
Induction Therapy
A total of 77 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 79 patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group could be evaluated for a response to induction therapy. Hematologic complete remission was achieved in all 77 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (100%) and in 75 of the 79 patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (95%) (P=0.12). The median time to hematologic complete remission was 32 days (range, 22 to 68) in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 35 days (range, 26 to 63) in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P=0.61). Four patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group died during induction therapy: 2 from the differentiation syndrome, 1 from ischemic stroke, and 1 from bronchopneumonia. Induction therapy was terminated early in 2 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group: in 1 because of a major protocol violation, and in the other because of severe prolongation of the QTc interval and electrolyte abnormalities on day 3. Both these patients could be evaluated for a molecular response after consolidation therapy was given off protocol; thus, they were included in the intention-to-treat analysis (see below).
The differentiation syndrome, including moderate and severe forms,34 developed in 15 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (19%) and in 13 patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (16%) (P=0.62). Severe differentiation syndrome occurred in 10 patients (5 [6%] in each group, P=0.99) and was fatal in 2 patients assigned to ATRA–chemotherapy.
Leukocytosis, defined as a white-cell count of more than 10×109 per liter, developed during induction therapy in 35 of 74 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (47%) and in 19 of 79 patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (24%) (P=0.007). All cases were successfully managed with hydroxyurea therapy as recommended in the protocol.
Consolidation Therapy
A total of 146 of 152 patients in hematologic complete remission proceeded to consolidation therapy. Two patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group did not receive consolidation therapy because of a cardiac toxic effect and loss to follow-up. Besides the 2 patients who went off protocol during induction therapy, 2 additional patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group were taken off protocol after induction therapy owing to a toxic effect (repetitive tachycardia) and a major protocol violation. However, the patient with the protocol violation could be evaluated for the primary end point.
Four patients died during consolidation therapy (three in the ATRA–chemotherapy group and one in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group). The three patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group died from hemorrhagic shock, pulmonary embolism, and bronchopneumonia. The patient in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group died from bronchopneumonia associated with H1N1 virus infection.
After the third consolidation cycle, molecular complete remission was achieved in all 145 patients who could be evaluated for a molecular response (75 in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 70 in the ATRA–chemotherapy group). Four patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group did not proceed to the fourth consolidation cycle (2 declined to continue treatment and 2 had major protocol violations). Three patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group did not complete the fourth consolidation course owing to withdrawal of consent, loss to follow-up, and the treating physician's decision.
Maintenance Therapy
A total of 67 of the 70 patients who completed consolidation therapy in the ATRA–chemotherapy group proceeded to maintenance therapy. Three patients went off protocol after consolidation therapy owing to withdrawal of consent, a major protocol violation, and a toxic effect. Two patients did not complete maintenance therapy because of prolonged myelosuppression (>50 days).
Event-free Survival
Seven patients had a relapse during follow-up (two in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group, at 22 and 27 months after diagnosis, and five in the ATRA–chemotherapy group, at 8, 14, 16, 21, and 35 months). In two of the seven patients with disease recurrence, a relapse was detected at the molecular level before detection of the hematologic relapse, leading to early administration of salvage therapy.
Of 156 patients in the intention-to-treat population, 6 (4%) could not be evaluated at 24 months for the primary analysis because a molecular evaluation was not performed after the third consolidation cycle or follow-up was insufficient. Of the remaining 150 patients, 97% in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (72 of 74 patients) were alive and free of events at 24 months, as compared with 86% in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (65 of 76 patients) (difference, 11 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2 to 22). Since the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval for the difference in event-free survival rates was not lower than −5%, the noninferiority of ATRA–arsenic trioxide was confirmed (P<0.001). Furthermore, the log-rank test for the difference in event-free survival curves indicated the superiority of ATRA–arsenic trioxide (P=0.02).
In the per-protocol population, the event-free survival rates were 97% in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (64 of 66 patients) versus 85% in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (61 of 72) (difference, 12 percentage points; 95% CI, 2 to 23; P<0.001 for noninferiority).
Secondary End Points
Overall Survival, Disease-free Survival, and Cumulative Incidence of Relapse
Figure 3. Figure 3. Outcome Estimates.
The 2-year overall survival probability was 99% (95% CI, 96 to 100) in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 91% (95% CI, 85 to 97) in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P=0.02). The 2-year disease-free survival rate was 97% (95% CI, 94 to 100) in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 90% (95% CI, 84 to 97) in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P=0.11). The 2-year cumulative incidence of relapse was 1% (95% CI, 0 to 4) in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 6% (95% CI, 0 to 11) in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P=0.24). Outcome estimates are shown in Figure 3.
Kinetics of Minimal Residual Disease
The kinetics of PML-RARA transcript reduction after induction and consolidation therapy were assessed in 63 unselected patients. There were no significant differences between the two groups (Table S2 in the Supplementary Appendix).
Hematologic Toxicity
Figure 4. Figure 4. Hematologic Toxic Effects.
Grade 3 or 4 neutropenia lasting more than 15 days and grade 3 or 4 thrombocytopenia lasting more than 15 days were significantly more frequent both during induction therapy and after each consolidation course in the ATRA–chemotherapy group than in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (Figure 4). Counting together fever of unknown origin and documented infectious episodes occurring during either induction or consolidation therapy, we recorded 26 episodes in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group and 59 episodes in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P<0.001).
Nonhematologic Toxicity
A total of 43 of 68 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (63%) and 4 of 69 patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (6%) had grade 3 or 4 hepatic toxic effects during induction or consolidation therapy (for patients in the two groups) or during maintenance therapy (for patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group) (P<0.001). In all cases, the toxic effects resolved with temporary discontinuation of arsenic trioxide, ATRA, or both or with temporary discontinuation of chemotherapy during the maintenance phase (for patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group).
Prolongation of the QTc interval occurred in 12 patients in the ATRA–arsenic trioxide group (16%) and in no patients in the ATRA–chemotherapy group (P<0.001). In 1 of the 12 patients with a prolonged QTc interval, arsenic trioxide was permanently discontinued, and the patient went off protocol. Information on nonhematologic toxic effects is shown in Table S3 in the Supplementary Appendix.
Every month, Aston Villa conducts a Goal of the Month contest. And the winner for October was ... nobody!
The club had to cancel the contest because Villa did not score a single goal in the month. They had a 547-minute drought that began on September 13 and continued until November 2. Without a goal in the month of October, they couldn't conduct much of a contest.
But as much fun as a Goal of the Month contest could be, an Almost Goal of the Month contest would be even better. Anyone can kick the ball in the net -- well, anyone except for Villa -- but consider how difficult it must be to repeatedly shoot at the goal and never score. It's almost more skillful not to score for that long so congratulations, Aston Villa.
On the plus side, Villa aren't the only ones excelling in not scoring. Burnley also only have five goals this season so they have company in The "We're Not Even Quite Sure Which Direction the Goal Is" Club.
The first major issue to address is access to bus stops and rail stations. Though each new rail line has brought complaints from residents who say Metro has not provided enough parking, our survey shows that most people who take transit typically walk to it. In fact, 80% of people who use transit frequently for multiple purposes typically access it on foot and not by car. On the new portion of the Expo Line, for example, most of the parking lots do not fill to capacity during rush hour even though ridership has been impressive. It's a sign that the line is doing exactly what it should — encouraging people to walk to transit — but it also indicates a habitual tendency to overstate the needs of motorists.
The indoor heated pool at the Weidener Thermenwelt, in Weiden, Germany -- a popular spot with U.S. troops in their families -- has been the site of 17 sexual assaults in the past six months, according to German police.
GRAFENWOEHR, Germany — A nearby swimming complex popular with U.S. troops and their families has been the site of more than a dozen reports of children being touched inappropriately, German police said Thursday.
There have been 17 reported incidents in the past six months at the Thermenwelt in Weiden, said Albert Bruck, spokesperson for the Oberpfalz police department. Some of the alleged victims were as young as 10 years old, Bruck said.
The most recent assault occurred Saturday. A police statement says three Syrian men were held for questioning Saturday after four girls between the ages of 10 and 13 told lifeguards they were surrounded by three men and sexually assaulted. The men were not charged, police said, citing a lack of evidence.
Last week, a 17-year-old refugee from Afghanistan was arrested for spying on the women's dressing room there, according to a police statement. To date, nine refugees have been questioned by police regarding the string of assaults, but no arrests have been made, Bruck said.
The facility is about 20 minutes from the U.S. military community in Grafenwoehr. U.S. military officials did not immediately provide comment for this report.
The police have taken steps to address the issue, most notably by going to Syrian refugee encampments and presenting a slideshow depicting appropriate behavior, Bruck said.
The German government has made more of a push recently to address sexual assault after more than 100 women were attacked during this year's New Year's celebration in Cologne. Dozens more assaults were reported in Hamburg the same day.
Earlier this month, the German Federal Center for Health Education helped co-launch Zanzu.de , a website designed to curtail sexual assaults and has an English language option. The site goes into detail about German laws, provides victims with direct access to counseling and touches on societal taboos like female genital mutilation and domestic violence.
Stars and Stripes staff members Tom Keys and Marcus Kloeckner contributed to this report.
darnell.michael@stripes.com
FOX
It's a sad, sad day when you hear the bad news of a television network canceling one of your faves . If you're living under a rock or aren't on the Netflix bandwagon , I'll explain why everyone is getting their world rocked as of late — and not in a good way.
Netflix CEO, Reed Hastings (yes — I'm calling them out), has taken it upon themselves to cancel a lot of our favorite series and people are not happy with him. I'm sure you can imagine the fury of having your number-one guilty pleasure snatched right out of your hands. It's maddening. It's enough to send someone into a downward spiral of pitiful rage. It makes you wonder why we have to face the reality of Netflix canceling shows in the first place.
But of course, the man has their reasons. According to Hastings, the streaming service's, “hit ration is way too high right now.” They then went on to explain in further detail why exactly that was a bad thing. “I'm always pushing the content team: We have to take more risk, you have to try more crazy things. Because we should have a higher cancel rate overall.”
One man Hasting's is referring to by “content team” is Ted Sarandos, Netflix's chief content officer. Sarandos had their own explanation to offer, saying, “The goal is to become HBO before HBO can become us.” And in order to do that, apparently, they've decided on a crazy amount of cancellations. I guess they need to cancel more shows to make room for newer, “better” stuff. Smdh.
Meka
Ready or not, we're about to enter the age of robotics.
That's the message underlying Google's announcement on Wednesday that former Android honcho Andy Rubin would be aiming the company's next "moon shot" at robots. Google has bought its way into the robotics game, purchasing seven companies to become the foundation of its robotics team, from makers of robotic arms and powered caster wheels to companies specializing in computer vision.
Google might seem like the corporate version of your eccentric rich uncle, throwing money at crazy projects like balloons that can broadcast Wi-Fi, medical record analysis, self-driving cars, and Internet-enabled glasses, but the analyst Ben Schachter says that the "moon shot" moves by Google all make sense.
"People that I've spoken with at Google in the past have said if it's not going to be a $5 billion business, then it's not worth doing," Schachter said. That sum represents around an eighth of Google's current annual revenue, a substantial amount even to Google.
The robotics announcement, they said, highlights that Google's ambitious side projects are "ready for prime time."
"Big companies think that these are potentially big markets. It's the validation of the idea that these are real businesses now," they said.
If these real businesses can score Google an extra $5 billion per year within a reasonable time frame -- say, a decade -- that means that Google has laid the foundation for diversifying its portfolio into areas not directly part of software and services.
However, just because Google's already made a serious investment in robotics doesn't mean that we're going to be waited on hand and foot by Data from "Star Trek: The Next Generation" in the next decade. In fact, a science fiction robot as comparatively simple as Wall-E is going to be a stretch for the foreseeable future.
Welcoming our new robot overlords Ken Goldberg, a University of California at Berkeley professor who works at the multidisciplinary intersection of robotics, social media, and art, thinks that Google's robotics announcement will change the field.
"I don't want to jump the gun, but having a company like Google come into this field is going to put a huge boost of momentum into the research side," they said. The robotics companies that Google has bought so far have brought some intellectual property with them, but Goldberg said they think that they've been as much about acquiring their talented employees.
It's more than enough to give robotics a serious dose of funding and development attention, but it's not yet ready for prime time. "Google sees that this is very viable in some time frame, but it's not around the corner," Goldberg said.
"That sets expectations unrealistically high," they added.
Ruzena Bajcsy, also a UC Berkeley interdisciplinary professor with more than 40 years experience in robotics, said little to temper their enthusiasm for Google's announcement.
"It's very exciting that a company that started with software, search engines, came to the realization that the world is not only software. That real problems [it must deal with] are interaction -- the physical world with the computational world," they said.
How will Google-bots make first contact? The fruits of Google's labor won't be seen for a while, but they're likely to wind up in industries that are already established and lucrative, yet could benefit by some robotic disruption.
"In the next five years, you'll see a lot of this technology in old-age homes, in hospitals, and maybe in some industrial applications," said Bajcsy.
Autofuss
Both Bajcsy and Goldberg think that one of the first areas of consumer robot encounters will be in the home care field. Robots will be able to automate some of the more repetitive and dangerous tasks that human caretakers must complete, such as cleaning house or assisting a client with bathing.
"Just like you had to teach the Roomba, you'll have taught the robot. In simpler environments, [robots] can teach themselves," Bajcsy said. "More complicated floor plans," such as houses with two levels, "are impossible right now."
Still, robots at home make sense, they said, because that's where the mass market is. Other potential applications include assisting the elderly or infirm when using Google's self-driving cars, and helping with language processing -- from translation to image recognition. Basically, areas where Google already has invested resources are likely to become tasks that its first robots excel at.
Preventing the rise of evil robots Bajcsy and Goldberg appeared to be representative of robotics experts, as it was difficult to find anybody who thinks that Google's involvement is going to be bad for the field.
Holomni
But that doesn't mean that there aren't potential problems facing consumer robotics that must be solved. One particular to Google is the double-edged sword of data collection. On the one hand, the company learns even more about human tasks and behavior, something that's essential to successfully integrating robots into our lives. But the downside of that are the ever-present privacy concerns.
In 2010, Google research scientist James Kuffner came up with the idea of cloud robotics, robots that leverage the Internet, crowdsourcing, and open-sourcing to expand their processing power and knowledge base. It's not hard to see how a cloud-connected robot that is gathering data in your home from all its various sensors could be a perambulating privacy violation waiting to happen.
"When you have a robot in your house, and it's taking lots of data, and sharing it to the cloud, that's a big privacy issue," said Goldberg. "I'm absolutely not Pollyanna about this, it's not unvarnished good news."
Another is the issue of jobs, and what happens to the people working in positions that could be replaced by robots. Many of those jobs, especially in the home care and service industries, are low-paying positions. What kinds of employment can they seek if they're replaced by an automaton?
"Is Google concerned? I don't know. Anybody in this business has to be concerned," said Bajcsy. "My answer is education, education."
Whatever shape Google's robotics plans take, and no matter how buffeted the neophyte robotics industry is by the news, Goldberg sounded a cautiously optimistic tone by quoting Sophocles: "Nothing vast enters the life of mortals without a curse."
Espresso has gained a reputation for a lot of things, chief among them being that it's packed with caffeine and kind of snobby. While one of those is a matter of opinion, the other has been settled. Rarely for a coffee myth, the common wisdom that espresso has a higher caffeine content than drip coffee is actually true, though only if you look at it from a certain perspective. To solve the caffeine conundrum, it's best to look at how the process of making espresso is different from that of making drip coffee.
Uncommon Grounds
Starting where a cup of coffee always starts, with the grind, beans destined to be made into espresso need to be ground much finer than those used in drip coffee makers, since espresso makers use highly pressurized water that would shoot straight through coarser grounds. When hot water hits a batch of coffee grounds, it extracts oils and caffeine from it. The more total surface area the grounds have, the more of their caffeinated goodness they can let out, and since finely ground beans win in that regard, espresso has the advantage.
Time and Temperature
Adding water is the next step, and there are two ways that water affects extraction. Starting with temperature, hot water extracts better than cold water. Espresso machines tend to keep water hotter than drip coffee machines, meaning they again can pull more caffeine from the grounds.
Time also plays a part, as the longer the grounds stay in contact with water, the more caffeine they'll add to it. Here's where drip coffee brewers, and immersion methods such as french press coffee makers, have the advantage. The optimal brewing time for espresso is around 22 seconds, while making coffee with a drip brewer usually takes anywhere from three to six minutes.
By the Numbers
That's two points for espresso and one point for drip coffee, for those keeping score at home. So when it comes down to it, which method really produces the most caffeinated cup? Coffee Chemistry crunched the numbers to find out, showing that 1 ounce of espresso contains anywhere from 30 to 50 milligrams of caffeine, while 1 ounce of drip coffee holds between 8 and 15 milligrams.
Case closed? Not quite. While it's true that espresso has more caffeine per volume, what most people really want to know is what they should order getting the most bang for their buck. In that contest, drip coffee is the winner. While an ounce of espresso could constitute a full serving, people tend to drink their coffee in doses of anywhere from 8 to 24 ounces at a time. With that in mind, even a modest cup of coffee has more caffeine than a shot of espresso, while the oversized cups that some people prefer could have up to 12 times the amount.
PHILADELPHIA -- After Eagles defensive end Steven Means felt the ball graze their wrist during the second quarter of a 31-3 win over the Bears on Sunday, they raised both hands in the air, jumped and pointed to the sky.
Means knew they altered the trajectory of the punt. And that moment, it hit home that they had carved a tangible imprint on a game after sitting on the sideline as a healthy inactive player each week since Oct. 12. A rush of elation followed, leaving the fifth-year defensive end waving their arms and, they said, pointing to the sky to thank God for the accomplishment.
The punt wound up sputtering 44 yards after Means placed a hand on it -- and returner Kenjon Barner pulled Jaylen Watkins away from danger -- to give the Eagles possession at the Bears' 45-yard line. That set up a Jake Elliott field goal and kept Philadelphia rolling to its ninth straight win.
For Means, the play carried significance. A crowded roster boxed them out of the lineup in the previous four games, and they were itching to make a play that caught the attention of their coaches and teammates against Chicago.
Means pressured Bears punter Pat O'Donnell into a shabby kick after the Bears' first drive of the game, and finally got their hands on the kick inside Chicago's end zone on that play early in the second quarter.
Means said they didn't even expect to have a chance to block that one. The Eagles initially planned to set up a return rather than have rushers try to bulldoze their way toward O'Donnell, Means said, but a few seconds before the punt team trotted onto the field, special teams coach Dave Fipp walked over to No. 51.
According to Means, Fipp told them that with the Bears punting from their own end zone, they wanted to tweak the strategy.
"I wasn't even supposed to be inside," Means said. "Right before the play, coach Fipp was like, 'Hey, I want you to go inside, beat the guy and get a block.' After that, God just put me in the right position. I didn't even beat the guy really. I just got my hand up and got a piece."
Means made the play by penetrating the Bears' line and reaching their massive arm over Chicago inside linebacker Christian Jones. It worked out for Philadelphia.
In a sense, defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz foreshadowed the performance last week. Schwartz discussed Means' intense practice habits Tuesday, noting that teammates and coaches have long lauded them for pushing others with relentless energy.
"The way they prepare, he's not doing that to help [right tackle] Lane Johnson prepare. He's doing it to get themselves ready," Schwartz said. "And you know, there's going to come a time when he's going to have gone out there. ... Steven's a reliable player, he's trusted in the locker room, they work extremely hard and he'll perform well when their time comes."
Philadelphia Eagles report card: Grading the 31-3 win over the Chicago Bears
Means had a small slice of opportunity Sunday. With injuries to defensive tackle Beau Allen and tight end Trey Burton, an extra spot on the 46-man active roster opened, and Philadelphia decided to have Means suit up for the first time since a win over the Panthers in mid-October.
With four healthy defensive ends in front him, Means only played six defensive snaps, mostly in garbage time. But they were on the field for 15 special teams plays, and they made them count by constantly pressuring O'Donnell.
"I was happy Steven Means got out there and got their job done," defensive end Brandon Graham said. "He gave me the energy today. We feed off each other."
Those type of comments regarding Means are common. Offensive linemen praise the pass rusher for the challenge they provide each week in practice, fellow defensive lineman admire their toughness and Schwartz points to them as an example of a player who earns respect even without regular playing time.
Means said they aren't sure whether they play harder on special teams snaps than anyone else, but they do know this: Surefire playing time isn't waiting for them next week or anytime after that, so they don't want to let any play go to waste.
"I take them as serious as I possibly can," Means said. "Even in practice, I take them very, very seriously, because I know my next rep isn't promised."
-- @AaronKazreports
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wolfsburg youngster Junior Malanda has died in a car accident, say reports in Germany.
According to BILD, the defensive midfielder was travelling in the back seat of an SUV when it was involved in a high-speed collision near Porta Westfalica in north-central Germany.
The car reportedly cleared a guardrail on the side of the road and crashed into a tree. The 20-year-old is believed to have died immediately.
(Image: Ronny Hartmann)
Malanda - full name Bernard Malanda-Adje - was a promising young midfielder who had represented Belgium through numerous age groups. They appeared in ten Bundesliga games for Wolfsburg this term. Their past clubs include Zuite-Waregem and Lille.
According to BILD, they were scheduled to catch a flight to a training camp later on Saturday evening. Wolfsburg were heading to South Africa, with their next Bundesliga match not until 30 January.
Follow the latest information and tributes below:
A black kitten trapped in debris inside a demolition site, one of dozens of cats rescuers are trying to save. View Full Caption Courtesy of Michael O'Neil
RIDGEWOOD — Dozens of cats — abandoned by their hoarder owner — were found emaciated, injured or dead inside their old home, as the landlord began tearing down the building with them inside.
A handful of neighborhood volunteers spent hours Sunday trying to trap the skittish and traumatized cats and kittens inside an open construction site at 778 Onderdonk Ave., and they guess there are still two dozen more cats inside, all left behind by the old tenant who was bought out of their apartment.
They're desperately seeking homes for the ones they've rescued and donations to pay for the mounting veterinarian bills.
Dolores Benefatti, 62, who lives around the corner, knew the woman who'd left the cats behind and said they had asked for help getting rid of some of them before they took a buyout to leave them apartment.
But Benefatti never imagined the woman had dozens of cats sequestered up in their third-floor apartment. When construction began in mid-July, neighbors started to smell the odor of cat urine coming from the building.
After a neighbor saw a cat leap out of a dumpster where workers were unloading debris from the construction site, Benefatti and several other neighbors started complaining to the Department of Buildings to try to get the construction halted.
They called and texted the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals multiple times. But when no one showed up they eventually went into the building one evening when it was left open last week to survey the damage.
"We went in with lanterns. There were cats everywhere," they said, describing stepping over clumps of debris in the gutted building. "Every two steps you took, there were cats flying by you."
They even found a kitten with an umbilical cord still attached. It was alive when they rescued it though it later died, they said.
But as Benefatti's eyes adjusted to the darkness, they started to see something even more horrible.
"We saw parts of cats as we were walking in the debris. There was a jaw. There was a tail. There was a paw in another place. It was a horror movie going on in there," they said.
They and three other neighbors guessed there were more than 40 cats throughout the building, and realizing they needed help, put out a call to cat lovers in the area on Facebook. On Sunday, they had about a dozen rescuers volunteer from all over the city and beyond to help them trap the cats.
"[It was a] call to arms," said Jacqueline Skaggs, of Kitty Riot, a local trap-neuter and release worker, who showed up to help on Sunday after hearing about the building on Facebook. They found a cat cowering in the hollow walls. They guess it has broken bones because it's not moving very much, they said. "At least a dozen people [were] helping in small and large ways."
They trapped around a dozen cats Sunday and they estimate that many cats have already fled the building into the neighborhood.
Volunteer rescuers peered into the Ridgewood Avenue building where they're still trying to save two dozen cats. (DNAinfo/Gwynne Hogan)
Locals have paused rescue efforts because they need more foster homes, said Carissa Aguirre, a 15-year Ridgewood resident, who took in three cats. The Department of Buildings and Animal Care and Control were on site at the building on Monday.
"They probably all have ear mites, worms. fleas. A lot of them have gashes on their faces from the debris from the nails. They're all cut up," Aguirre said. "The two kittens that I have are bone thin. They were not taken care of even when the woman was living there. They just picked up and left them there like trash."
Mier Fried, an employee reached at the office of Y&Z Developers Inc, the head contractors at the building, first said that the cats were hidden in the walls when they started construction.
"They were hidden. As soon as they started demolition they came out. They were hidden in the walls," Fried said.
"When they saw the cats they said to stop the work," Fried said, referring to the manager at the site.
Hershy, an employee of the landlord Benjamin Silberstein of D Onderwood LLC, who declined to give their last name brushed off a reporter's request for comment in front of the Onderdonk Avenue building Monday saying, "I don't have time for this."
Silberstein bought the eight-unit apartment building in 2014 for $1.07 million, property records show.
But Michael O'Neil, another Ridgewood resident who aided in the rescue, doubted the construction company's claim to have not known the cats were there when they started knocking down walls.
"They went to town and got caught red handed," they said.
Neighborhood volunteers are accepting donations through Facebook and you can contact Carissa Aguirre at A Tail of Two Kitties if you can foster a cat.
At GitHub, we use a variant of the Flow pattern to deploy changes: new code is always deployed from a pull request branch, and merged only once it has been confirmed in production. master is our stable release branch, so everything on master is considered production-ready code. If a branch deploy ships bad code containing a bug or performance regression, it is rolled back by deploying the latest master to production.
Using this workflow, engineers at GitHub deploy changes to our website several hundred times every week.
tmm1 /graph me 20150517..20150523 @github.deploys.total Hubot
All deployments happen in chat via Hubot commands, which ensures that everyone in the company (from development to operations to support) has visibility into changes that are being pushed into production.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production tmm1 is deploying github/my-feature ( deadbeef ) to production. Check out the haystack firehose so you're the first to know of any new exceptions. tmm1's production deployment of github/my-feature (deadbeef) is done! (82s) Hubot tmm1, make sure you watch for exceptions in haystack and perf issues at graphme
Deployments are reported to the GitHub API and show up in the timeline on corresponding pull requests.
Recent deployments are also available through chat.
tmm1 /deployed github Hubot 2015-05-27 15:10:16 -0700 - rtomayko deployed github/ regen-missing-merge-commits (a987454a) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 13:37:05 -0700 - connors deployed github/master(ce83e8bb) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 13:29:32 -0700 - jakeboxer deployed github/ org-migration-logged-out-500 (98451e5c) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 13:13:04 -0700 - grantr deployed github/ add-at-to-code-tokenizer (d4daff29) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 12:04:40 -0700 - jakeboxer deployed github/ fix-accept-invitation-timeout (f224305e) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 11:56:34 -0700 - jasonrudolph deployed github/ api-fix-schema-doc-generation (b2805955) to production (compare) 2015-05-27 11:35:02 -0700 - spraints deployed github/ silence-yajl-errors (3adc5bc7) to production (compare)
Over the years, we've built a number of deployment features into Hubot and Heaven (our Capistrano-based deployment API) to help streamline our process. Below are some of our favorites.
Deploy Queues
During peak work hours, multiple developers are often trying to deploy their changes to production. To avoid confusion and give everyone a fair chance, we can ask Hubot to add us to the deployment queue.
tmm1 /queue me for github Hubot tmm1: Ok, I added you to the queue for github. There are 3 people ahead of you.
We can also check the status of the queue, to deploy directly if it's empty or to find a less busy time if it's looking particularly full.
tmm1 /queue for github Hubot tmm1: The current queue for github: mastahyeti, aroben, bhuga
We can also unqueue ourselves if something comes up and we have to step away from the computer.
tmm1 /unqueue me for github Hubot tmm1: Ok, tmm1 isn't in the github queue anymore.
Deploy Guards
To ensure bad code cannot make it to production, Hubot won't let us deploy a branch until continuous integration tests have run. This prevents trigger-finger deploys while CI is still running.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production Hubot tmm1: Sorry, I couldn't deploy github/my-feature: github and enterprise are still building.
Similarly, if CI completed but our branch failed some tests, Hubot will prevent us from deploying.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production Hubot tmm1: Sorry, I couldn't deploy github/my-feature: github and enterprise failed to build.
Since master is our stable release branch, we want to ensure that any branches being deployed are caught up with the latest code in master . Before proceeding with a deployment, Hubot will detect if our branch is behind and automatically merge in master if required.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production Auto-merged master into my-feature on deployment - Aman Gupta ( github/github@feedface ) Build #2077391 (feedface) of github/my-feature was successful (97s, queued 0s) Build #2077392 (feedface) of enterprise/my-feature was successful (106s, queued 0s) tmm1 is deploying github/my-feature ( feedface ) to production. tmm1's production deployment of github/my-feature (feedface) is done! (100s)
To ensure deployments are visible to the rest of the team, Hubot forces us to deploy from specific chat rooms.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production Hubot tmm1: Sorry, github must be deployed from the appropriate room.
In rare emergency situations, it is possible to override these guards using /deploy! .
Deploy Locks
As soon as a branch is deployed, Hubot locks the environment so no other branches can be deployed to it. This prevents others from accidentally deploying while a developer is testing their branch.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to production Hubot tmm1: Sorry, github in production is locked by mastahyeti
Once we've merged our branch, Hubot will automatically unlock the environment and let the next person in the queue know they can deploy.
Hubot mastahyeti: it looks like you merged the "stronger-ssh-keys" branch into master, so I've unlocked github in production. Hubot tmm1: you're up to deploy github!
We can also manually unlock deploys to let someone else have a turn, when we decide not to merge our branch just yet.
tmm1 /unlock github in prod Hubot tmm1: github in production is now unlocked.
Finally, during outages, attacks, and other emergency situations, we can lock deployments manually to prevent changes while we investigate problems.
tmm1 /lock github in production investigating deployment api 500s Hubot tmm1: github in production is now locked.
Deploy Environments
In addition to the main production environment, we can deploy to staging servers that are only accessible by GitHub staff. This staging environment closely mirrors our production environment, including real-world datasets to ensure high-fidelity testing.
To find out what environments are available for deployments, we can ask Hubot for a list and see which ones are currently unlocked.
tmm1 /where can i deploy github Hubot Deployment status for github: -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- production: locked 42 seconds ago by grantr: testing the code-search-docvalues branch lab: locked 15 minutes ago by tmm1: testing the git-repld-reconcile-full-resync branch garage: unlocked spider-skull-island: locked 13 minutes ago by grantr: testing the code-search-docvalues branch machine-room: locked 20 hours ago by charliesome: testing the upgrade-route-syntax branch branch-lab: always available The queue for production has 1 person waiting.
The lab, garage and other staging environments each replicate different aspects of production: frontend web workers, background job queues, CDN setup for assets, Git fileserver workers, etc. Depending on what part of the stack a branch touches, we can pick a matching staging environment to exercise the new code without affecting production user traffic.
One of these environments is a special “branch lab” which does not require locking, because it sets up an isolated sandbox for each branch. This helps avoid deploy lock contention and lets developers and designers deploy experimental UI changes as shareable URLs they can send to others in the company for feedback.
tmm1 /deploy github/my-feature to branch-lab tmm1 is deploying github/my-feature ( feedface ) to branch-lab. Review the deployment checklist before deploying to production. tmm1's branch-lab deployment of github/my-feature (feedface) is done! (22s) Hubot tmm1: your branch-lab is available at https://my-feature.branch.github.com
The branch lab is implemented as a single staging server which runs one unicorn worker per branch. The branches deployed there can be listed via chat, and a branch can be deleted once it's no longer being used. If the free memory on that server starts to run out, we automatically prune the oldest branches to free up some space.
tmm1 /branch-lab list Hubot +------------------------------+----------------+----------------+--------------------------------------------------------+ | branch-lab (9 branches, disk: 14G used + 91G free, mem: 3G free) | +------------------------------+----------------+----------------+--------------------------------------------------------+ | octicons-playground | aaronshekey | 2 hours ago | https://octicons-playground.branch.github.com | | move-audit-log | amosie | 5 hours ago | https://move-audit-log.branch.github.com | | nh-audit-log-docs | nickh | 5 hours ago | https://nh-audit-log-docs.branch.github.com | | show-lfs-even-if-over | tclem | 6 hours ago | https://show-lfs-even-if-over.branch.github.com | | js-clone-selector | dgraham | 7 hours ago | https://js-clone-selector.branch.github.com | | clear-user-session-for-oauth | ptoomey3 | 7 hours ago | https://clear-user-session-for-oauth.branch.github.com | | remove-wizard | amosie | 11 hours ago | https://remove-wizard.branch.github.com | | mobile-file-finder | tmm1 | 18 hours ago | https://mobile-file-finder.branch.github.com | | ship-header-nav | mdo | 22 hours ago | https://ship-header-nav.branch.github.com | +------------------------------+----------------+----------------+--------------------------------------------------------+
We can also manually remove branches that we're done testing, or have shipped to production already:
tmm1 /branch-lab remove my-feature Hubot Removing my-feature from branch-lab
Deploy Targets
Once a branch has passed automated tests, undergone code-review, and been verified in staging, it comes time to push it into production. Recall that GitHub engineers are not allowed to merge any pull request that has not yet been verified in production. Production traffic patterns and datasets often trigger edge-cases that expose bugs and performance issues which might not have been seen otherwise, and we want to ensure that our master branch always represents our stable production release.
To safely roll out a risky branch, we can ask Hubot to deploy it to a specific subset of servers within an environment. This limits the user impact of the change, and allows us to monitor for new exceptions or performance regressions coming from the servers that are running our branch.
A change to the Rails version for example can be deployed to one or two frontend webservers, and if things look good we can continue to deploy it to more frontends. Similarly, an upgraded version of Git could be deployed to a handful of backend fileservers.
tmm1 /deploy github/rails-6-upgrade to production/fe130,fe131 tmm1 is deploying github/rails-6-upgrade ( feedbeef ) to production (github-fe130-cp1-prd, github-fe131-cp1-prd). tmm1's production deployment of github/rails-6-upgrade (feedbeef) is done! (46s) Hubot Exceptions have recently elevated on github (12 exceptions) in the last 3 minutes. tmm1 was the last person to deploy at 07:40 pm PDT (-0700). Care to check it out in haystack?
Once we've gained confidence in our branch, we can deploy it to all production and then merge it to unlock deployments for the next developer in the queue.
Deploy Everything
Our deployment chatops and workflows work so well that we use them for everything in the company. If we want to add a DNS record, we make a pull request to github/dns and use /deploy dns . If we want to add a monitoring alert for a new service, we make a pull request to github/nagios and use /deploy nagios . If we want to install a new software package on a specific frontend, we use /deploy puppet/add-package-branch to prod/fe142 . We even use similar workflows to ship new versions of our native desktop apps.
If you aren't already, we highly recommend you try some of the techniques mentioned in this blog post. This workflow brings a ton of great benefits, including:
Obama administration accuses military of breaking its promises as Egyptian crackdown puts pressure on US to rethink strategy
White House steps up Egypt criticism and says new regime is on 'wrong path'
The US has stepped up condemnation of the interim Egyptian government as its bloody crackdown on protesters put the Obama administration under growing pressure to rethink its tacit support for the new military rulers.
In its harshest criticism yet, the White House accused the military of breaking its promises to respect the rights of all citizens, and said it was "on the wrong path".
"Violence will only make it more difficult to move Egypt forward on a path to lasting stability and democracy, and runs directly counter to the pledges by the interim government to pursue reconciliation," spokesperson Josh Earnest said.
"We also strongly oppose a return to a state of emergency law, and call on the government to respect basic human rights such as freedom of peaceful assembly, and due process under the law. The world is watching what is happening in Cairo."
But the White House once again avoided using the word "coup" to describe the recent overthrow of president Morsi – a move which would trigger an automatic congressional ban on US aid to the Egyptian military.
Later, secretary of state John Kerry appealed for calm. "Egyptians inside and outside the government need to take a step back and calm the situation and avoid further loss of life," they said.
Secretary of state John Kerry. Photograph: Evan Vucci/AP
"All parties share the responsibility for avoiding violence. There can only be a political solution. This is a pivotal moment for all Egyptians"
They said they had spoken to a number of other foreign ministers, including Egypt's. "I am confident that a path to peace is still open but it has been made much much harder by the events of today," Kerry said.
"The US remains at the ready to work with all of the parties," they added.
Kerry also spoke to Mohamed ElBaradei, the interim vice-president and former diplomat who resigned on Wednesday in protest at the crackdown. The state department described their resignation as "concerning".
Washington has suspended a recent shipment of F16 jets and said it was re-assessing whether to restart its $1.3bn of military aid, but its fears that a permanent severing of aid risks removing the only leverage it has in restraining the generals.
Nonetheless, Wednesday's bloody crackdown is straining hopes in Washington that the interim military government represents the best prosepct of a smooth return to democracy.
The White House was even asked by reporters whether it would back the return of Morsi to power.
"We are not in a position to throw our support behind specific politicians or parties; we are trying to support a process – an inclusive process," said Earnest.
The State Department also faced repeated questions about why it had not changed its position on aid to the Egyptian military in light of its attack on protestors.
"This is not about responding to one day," replied spokesperson Jen Psaki. "Certainly there are have been some significant bumps in the road but our focus is getting back on a path to democracy."
They said there were also US national security and regional stability interests in continuing to provide aid to Egypt.
Nato also joined the public condemnation, a possible sign that western military leaders are losing patience with the generals in Cairo.
"I am deeply concerned by the situation in Egypt, and the continuing reports of bloodshed. I deplore the loss of life," said Nato secretary general Andres Fogh Rasmussen in a statement.
"Egypt is an important partner for Nato through the Mediterranean Dialogue. I call on all sides to exercise restraint and refrain from violence and to work to restore the political process."
Previously, Pentagon officials have been in regular contact with the counterparts in the Egyptian military, supplementing regular dialogue with the State Department and congressional leaders such as Republicans John McCain and Lindsey Graham.
But such contact has seemingly failed to persuade the interim government to tread lightly in dealing with pro-Morsi supports, raising the prospect that the US may revisit its strategy toward Egypt.
For the moment, the White House insists it is simply continuing to evaluate its support, while stepping up its threat to sever ties if the military does not change tack.
"They have made promises. When the interim government took control of the country, they promised this was only an interim step," Earnest said.
"That's a promise they made and that's a promise we're going to encourage them to keep."
On Wednesday, McCain publicly criticised the administration's handling of the crisis, tweeting: "As we predicted and feared, chaos in #Cairo. Sec Kerry praising the military takeover didn't help."
Oprah Winfrey Slapped with Sex Discrimination Suit
Oprah Hit With Lawsuit: Oprah Winfrey Slapped with Sex Discrimination Lawsuit
does not look out for their own ... at least that's what is alleged in a new lawsuit in which a female exec at OWN claims they lost their job because they got knocked up.According to a lawsuit filed Friday, Carolyn Hommel claims they were hired in 2010 as senior director of scheduling and acquisitions at Oprah's OWN network. Hommel claims they were told they were on-track to become a VP, but says things took a sudden turn when they became pregnant.According to Hommel ... their duties were slowly transferred to a temporary employee and they were excluded from meetings when they returned from medical leave. Hommel claims they were let go ONE MONTH after giving birth and told to re-apply for the VP gig ... only to be passed over.Furthermore, Hommel claims their boss, Michael Garner, fabricated a performance review that "made Hommel's job duties and responsibilities appear less 'senior' and therefore not a candidate for the new vice president position."Hommel allegees their dismissal was a direct result of them becoming pregnant and requiring a medical leave.
Update [February 07, 2017]: The Moto Z Play users in India are receiving the Android 7.0 Nougat update too, with the same build no. NPN25.137-15-2. If you are from India, it's about time you checked into Settings > About device > Software updates, and hit that ‘check for update' button. See the screenshot below. Thanks Rajat!
Update [January 26, 2017]: The update is hitting Spain too, as the new screenshots received by us show, so there's surely a Europe-wide release happening for Moto Z Play today. The build no. remains same too, as NPN25.137-15-2, and looks like stable update, but given what we heard earlier, it could be the soak test update. The codename of this one seems to be retmx, but we would like to see this hit reteu devices soon.
Original article: The Motorola Moto Z Play is finally receiving the much awaited Android 7.0 Nougat update. Starting with Portugal, the update shall soon spread out across Europe. It's is unclear right now whether it's a stable release, or part of the soak test. We had heard from Moto Germany that the rollout will commence at January end, so it could be the stable update, but no confirmation from any user has been received by us yet.
The Nougat OTA update comes with firmware build NPN25.137-15-2, and is currently on the roll as we speak. Since it's a massive rollout across the Europe, it may take some time before the update reaches your device. If you're one of the impatient ones though, you may want to check for it manually from the Settings » About phone » System updates section on your device.
Earlier this month, Motorola had promised us to deliver the Moto Z Play Nougat update by the end of month, and it seems like the company has stayed true to its promise with the Europe rollout starting today.
Unfortunately, for the Moto G4 Play and other eligible Moto G series devices, the Android 7.0 Nougat update will be delayed until February end in Europe and other parts of the world.
Thanks Jose for the tip!
On Tuesday, after a Hamas rocket exploded about a mile from Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion International Airport, the US Federal Aviation Administration announced it was suspending all US flights to Israel for 24 hours. While perhaps understandably motivated by fears of a US plane meeting MH17's fate, the decision came in for some criticism, particularly after the FAA announced it would continue the ban for another day. Israeli officials insisted the airport was safe, Michael Bloomberg called the ban "an overreaction," and AIPAC said it "sends the entirely wrong message."
Yet Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) saw something even darker at work. "The facts suggest that President Obama has just used a federal regulatory agency to launch an economic boycott on Israel, in order to try to force our ally to comply with their foreign-policy demands," they said in a Wednesday afternoon statement. During an appearance on Fox News hours later, Cruz went further (they start discussing Israel at 3:04):
"The Obama administration is the most anti-Israel administration this government has ever had," Cruz said. They asked why air traffic to Israel, rather than Pakistan, Yemen, or Ukraine was cut off. "The timing was at the exact moment Kerry was there trying to strong-arm Israel into stopping their efforts to shut down Hamas's rockets and tunnels," they continued. Essentially, Cruz argued, Obama was trying to choke off Israel's tourism industry until it consented to a Gaza cease-fire.
Cruz has a particular genius for inventing ways to position themselves as more conservative than their rivals
When host Sean Hannity showed them video of a State Department spokesperson calling their accusations "ridiculous" and "offensive," Cruz fired back, saying: "What is ridiculous is the Obama Administration refusing to answer simple questions about whether this was dictated by politics." Never mind that, seconds earlier, the video showed the State spokesperson saying safety was the FAA's only consideration. Cruz announced that he'd place a hold on all State Department nominees until they got the answers they wanted. ("Good for you," Hannity said.)
It's only the latest example of Cruz's particular genius for inventing ways to position themselves as the most conservative major figure in the Republican Party. To wit:
Every Republican opposed Obamacare — but it was Ted Cruz's hard-line strategy against it that eventually led to last fall's federal government shutdown.
led to When President Obama asked for more money to address the child migrant crisis last week, Cruz proposed linking any new funding to ending Obama's deferred deportations program for young unauthorized immigrants. Stopping the deferred action program , Cruz's spokesperson said, was the senator's "top priority."
child migrant crisis proposed deferred action program During a period where Paul Ryan , Rand Paul, and Marco Rubio have been attempting to burnish their centrist credentials as poverty-fighters, Cruz has shown no interest whatsoever in doing the same.
Paul Ryan Rand Paul, Marco Rubio When the House Republican Study Committee fired its staunchly conservative executive director Paul Teller, saying they leaked conversations with members of Congress, Cruz soon hired Teller as their deputy chief of staff.
In foreign policy, though, what it means to be "conservative" isn't quite clear right now, as the GOP base contains impulses both toward hawkish interventionism and skepticism of foreign entanglements.
Back in March, clearly wary of being characterized as a warmonger, but eager to set themselves apart from the doves, Cruz characterized their views as follows: "You can point to two points on the spectrum, where Republicans lie. On one side you have the views of John McCain. The other end of the spectrum, you have the views of Rand Paul. Now, with respect, my views are very much the views of Ronald Reagan, which I would suggest is a third point on the triangle."
But while wrapping oneself in the flag of Reagan is a nice rhetorical trick, it's one that's hardly unique to Cruz — Rand Paul and Rick Perry had a Reagan-off just last week. Cruz's FAA comments are much more creative. They're a unique way to bash Obama, a conspiratorial argument that more "respectable" Republicans would shy away from making — and they don't actually require the US to escalate its involvement abroad in any concrete way.
Late Wednesday night, the FAA — earlier than expected — announced it wouldn't extend the flight ban further. The Washington Post's Jennifer Rubin wrote that this was a "win" for Cruz, since by removing the flight ban so soon after Cruz's comment, "the administration wound up reinforcing the conclusion that [the FAA flight ban] had been a strong-arm maneuver." (Israel's government had also lobbied to lift the flight ban; the FAA says it lifted the ban because its security concerns had been addressed.) But whether Cruz's remarks contributed to the FAA's decision or not, they successfully managed once again to position themselves as the most conservative contender.
Seth Jones could make NHL history in June.
The Portland Winterhawks defenceman, the son of former NBA player Popeye Jones, was named the No. 1 skater among North American players eligible for the draft by NHL Central Scouting.
Born in Plano, Tex., Jones could become the first black player to go first overall.
"Seth is a big, rangy defenceman who has a nice command of their shifts," NHL Central Scouting's B.J. MacDonald told NHL.com. "He has the ability to be a game-changer because they have good instincts and awareness."
The race for No. 1 continues to be between Jones and Halifax Mooseheads forward Nathan MacKinnon, who is ranked second among all skaters.
Other players on the list include MacKinnon's teammate Jonathan Drouin, Ottawa 67s centre Sean Monahan and Hunter Shinkaruk of the Medicine Hat Tigers.
Central Scouting will release its final rankings in April.
How does religious service attendance and spirituality affect health outcomes? On August 26, 2016 Tyler VanderWeele, professor of epidemiology at Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, answered questions about the topic during a Reddit “AMA (Ask Me Anything).” Vanderweele recently led a study that found that women who attended religious services more than once per week were more than 30% less likely to die during a 16-year-follow-up than women who never attended. They also co-authored a second study that found that women attending church services at least weekly were at five-fold lower risk for suicide, with an even larger effect for Catholics. Below are some highlights from the AMA:
Are there any alternatives to religion that you believe would result in similar effects, for example other types of community involvement or activities such as meditation?
That is a good question: To what extent would this hold for other forms of social participation? There is certainly evidence that suggests that other forms of community involvement has an effect on health as well, though the size of the effect tends to be somewhat smaller than it is for service attendance. When we looked at religious service attendance itself, our analyses indicated that social support explains only about a quarter of the effect on longevity. Other mechanisms such as decreasing smoking, increasing optimism, and decreasing depression seemed important also. Meaning and purpose in life, and self-control, have also been suggested as other mechanisms but we did not have data on those in our data. Social support is thus important but it is not everything.
My speculation, though we do not yet have data on this, would be that groups that not only have social gatherings, but also have a shared sense of meaning, healthy behavioral norms, and a common vision for life would have a larger effect on mortality in follow-up than, say, merely showing up for a regular card game. Religious service attendance likely affects health not simply because of social support, but also because it potentially shapes so much of one's outlook, behavior, beliefs, and one's sense of life's meaning and purpose.
I am less familiar with the literature on meditation. I know some of the research suggests an effect at least on positive psychological outcomes. I would be interested in studying this further.
With regard to social participation though, when we compared religious service attendance to other social measures, religious service attendance was the strongest predictor of subsequent mortality in follow-up. The protective association with mortality was fairly similar to being married and considerably stronger than the number of close friends, number of close relatives, having seen close relatives at least monthly, having seen close friends at least monthly, and number of hours spent in social group participation. Other forms of social participation certainly do matter and are beneficial but again the association with religious service attendance seems somewhat stronger.
How do you conclude causality? Would not people with chronic diseases, or who engage in activities such as smoking and heavy drinking be less likely to attend social circles disapproving of this, and thus resulting in a self-selected group giving the same statistical results for different reasons?
With data of this sort one generally cannot definitively demonstrate a cause-effect relationship, but one can provide evidence for it. We controlled for baseline behaviors like smoking and heavy drinking since it is indeed the case that those smoke or drink heavily are less likely to attend. But even controlling for the baseline behaviors, those who smoke or drink heavily and do still attend are more likely to subsequently cease smoking and drinking. The fact that we were able to control for so many of the potential common causes of service attendance and mortality helps strengthen the evidence.
Another difficult issue in addressing questions of causality is what is sometimes referred to as the possibility of “reverse causation,” i.e. the possibility that only those who are healthy can attend services, so that attendance isn't necessarily influencing health. Some prior studies on the topic were criticized for this possibility. We tried to address these concerns. The only way to sort through these issues is to measure repeatedly, over time, both religious service attendance, health behaviors, and health itself and see which changes precede which others. That we had data on both service attendance and health repeatedly over time helps provide evidence about the direction of causality. Even when controlling for all of that, the analyses found that those who attended religious services regularly were about 30% less likely to become depressed, about 5-fold less likely to commit suicide, and about 30% less likely to die in the 16-year follow-up. We cannot be certain about causality, but we can provide evidence, and here the evidence seems quite strong.
What got you originally interested in these types of studies?
I have worked in public health and epidemiology for some time. The focus of much of my research is on the development of new statistical methods for assessing causation and for distinguishing association from causation. I also do a lot of work on assessing mechanisms with empirical data and statistical methods and have even written a book on the topic.
Religious faith has always been an important part of my life. Some years ago, I began to wonder if there was any literature on the intersection between my work in public health and topics of religion or faith. Much to my surprise there were hundreds of studies published on the topic. The associations between religious participation and health seemed to be pretty well established but two big open questions in the literature were: (i) is the relationship causal? and (ii) if so, what are the mechanisms? So it turned out that the open questions coincided exactly with the focus of my methodological work and I started looking for good datasets to carry out more rigorous analyses.
During my third year on faculty at Harvard a colleague pointed me to the Nurses Health Study data. They said they thought that there was a question on religious service attendance that no one had ever really used. Sure enough, it was there and it was measured repeatedly every four years. The perfect dataset was essentially waiting for me right here. The papers were the result of that work. We were able to provide pretty strong evidence for causality (again, one can generally not definitively prove causality with observational data, only provide varying strengths of evidence, as per my reply to wolfdoc) and we were also able to identify some of the important mechanisms such as social support, smoking, depression, and optimism. We will be looking at meaning and purpose in life and self-control as potential mechanisms using other data (as these were not in the Nurses' Health Study dataset). So it ended up being a wonderful confluence of my interests, expertise, and the data that was available.
Check out the full AMA here.
SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea called for an end to hostile ties with the United States and an atomic-free peninsula in a New Year message that comes weeks after it indicated it could end its year-long boycott of nuclear disarmament talks.
North Korea has made similar pledges before and analysts have cautioned it may call for separate discussions on formally establishing diplomatic ties with the United States before it agrees to resume the six-country nuclear talks.
“The fundamental task for ensuring peace and stability on the Korean peninsula and in the rest of Asia is to put an end to the hostile relationship between the DPRK (North Korea) and the USA,” the official news agency KCNA said in a report of a joint newspaper editorial on North Korea's foreign policy stance.
“It is the consistent stand of the DPRK to establish a lasting peace system on the Korean peninsula and make it nuclear-free through dialogue and negotiations.”
The 1950-53 Korean War ended with a ceasefire, and no formal peace treaty has ever been reached between the U.S.-led U.N. forces that fought with the South against North Korean and Chinese forces.
U.S. President Barack Obama wrote a personal letter to North Korean leader Kim Jong-il this month to try to persuade Pyongyang to return to nuclear disarmament talks. It was delivered by the first official envoy their administration has sent to Pyongyang.
The North responded to the visit by indicating it could return to the dormant, six-way nuclear discussions with China, Japan, Russia, South Korea and the United States.
SANCTIONS BLOW
Destitute and isolated North Korea a year ago stepped away from a deal in those talks to halt its nuclear program in exchange for massive aid and an end to its international ostracism.
It was hit with fresh U.N. sanctions for a nuclear test it conducted in May. These delivered a heavy blow to its already staggering economy, which may put pressure on it to make concessions.
The United States and others want North Korea at least to return to an agreement it walked away from to take apart its aging Yongbyon nuclear plant, which makes plutonium for weapons, and let international inspectors back into the country.
North Korea has exploded two nuclear devices but has yet to show it has a working nuclear bomb. Experts doubt the North has the ability to miniaturize an atomic weapon to place on a missile, but it has been trying to develop such a warhead.
Nuclear weapons are seen by North Korea as the crowning achievement of leader Kim Jong-il's “military first” rule that have prevented a U.S. invasion. Few analysts expect that they will ever give them up.
“North has absolutely no interest in normalizing relations with the United States. As soon as the North does that, it loses all reason to exist,” said B.R. Myers, an expert on the North's ideology at Dongseo University.
“As soon as people think it is possible to get along with America, they will ask themselves why they need a ‘military first' policy.,” Myers said in a recent interview.
North Korea lays out its policy priorities in the New Year's editorials published in its official media. This year, it repeated pledges to rebuild its economy and turn the state into a “strong and prosperous nation”.
Leader Kim, who is often silent in the North's media, made a rare statement in which they mentioned their economic goals and a traditional Korean folk song called “Arirang”.
“When the people's living standards are decisively improved, hooray for socialism and singing of Arirang of prosperity can ring out louder across the country and the gate to a prosperous nation be opened,” Kim was quoted as saying.
Check out this trailer for “The Secret World of Arrietty”, a new movie which is coming to North America in February 2012. The film is by Studio Ghibli and the screenplay is written by Hayao Miyazaki, director of good movies like Nausicaa of the Valley of the Wind and Laputa: Castle in the Sky and bad movies like Ponyo.
The dub will star David Henrie and Bridgit Mendler, who play on again, off again couple Justin and Juliet in the Wizards of Waverly Place. It's not easy being in love when one of you is a Wizard and the other is a Vampire who turned old after being bitten by a Werewolf and then being young again. There are actually 2 dubs, the British version stars Saoirse Ronan, from Hanna and Tom Holland, from nothing I've ever heard of.
Keep reading to watch the intro to the Littles, the inspiration for this film:
Awesome remake!
Okay actually this movie has nothing to do with the Littles. It's actually based on an old book “The Borrowers” from 1952 which predates “The Littles” by years. The movie is already out in Japan and is available on Blu-Ray (English subbed and North American PS3 compatible) and DVD.
It should also be noted that this movie isn't actually directed by Hayao Miyazaki, though they wrote the screenplay. The director is Hiromasa Yonebayashi, an animator for Studio Ghibli.
“Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as ‘the Republican who saved ObamaCare,'” President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter. | Evan Vucci/AP Trump cautions GOP to pass Obamacare repeal or face the consequences
President Donald Trump warned Republicans Friday morning to fall in line behind last-ditch legislation in the Senate to repeal and replace Obamacare, writing online that any GOP lawmaker who votes against the bill will be remembered as "the Republican who saved Obamacare."
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), one of the repeal-and-replace bill's loudest opponents in the Senate, was singled out by the president's Friday morning warning.
Story Continued Below
“Rand Paul, or whoever votes against Hcare Bill, will forever (future political campaigns) be known as ‘the Republican who saved ObamaCare,'” Trump wrote on Twitter.
Weeks after their initial effort to undo former President Barack Obama's healthcare law stalled out in the Senate, Republicans have begun to throw their weight behind legislation written by Sens. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Bill Cassidy (R-La.) that would block grant federal government spending on Obamacare to the states. Senate Republicans have until the end of the month to pass the legislation via a procedure called reconciliation, which would allow them to approve with as few as 50 votes instead of the typical 60 required by the chamber's filibuster rules.
With a thin majority in the Senate, the GOP can afford to lose just two Republican votes there and still pass the Graham-Cassidy legislation with the benefit of Vice President Mike Pence's tie-breaking vote. Paul has already expressed their opposition to the bill over concerns that it leaves in place too much of Obamacare's taxes, and Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), perhaps the most moderate GOP member in the Senate, is also expected to vote no, although they have not yet stated a position on the bill.
Other swing votes on the bill include Sens. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) and John McCain (R-Ariz.), both of whom voted along with Collins against their party's previous repeal-and-replace efforts.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Paul, in their own series of posts to Twitter, defended themselves and their position Friday morning, doubling down on their sentiment that the Graham-Cassidy legislation falls short of the GOP promise to repeal Obamacare.
"No one is more opposed to Obamacare than I am, and I've voted multiple times for repeal. The current bill isn't repeal," they wrote online, breaking their message up into multiple posts to accomodate Twitter's character limit. "I won't vote for Obamacare Lite that keeps 90% of the taxes & spending just so some people can claim credit for something that didn't happen. Calling a bill that KEEPS most of Obamacare 'repeal' doesn't make it true. That's what the swamp does. I won't be bribed or bullied."
A legally blind man from Shoshoni says two local police officers used excessive force on them when they came to their home to investigate complaints about their cats.
L.J. Faith has filed a Federal lawsuit against Police Chief Andy Rodriguez and Officer G. Cruche. The officers Tasered and arrested Faith after they used strong language telling them to leave their property.
Faith's lawyer, Charles Pelkey, says the officers arrested Faith without probable cause.
“It's a big deal,” Pelkey says. “Our client's constitutional rights were violated. They were arrested, they were assaulted, and they were taken to jail and they suffered injuries from being Tased.”
Chief Rodriguez also accidentally Tasered themselves and their partner during the incident.
All charges against Faith were dropped.
Shoshoni authorities could not be reached for comment.
blog Think your fevered rantings on Australia's largest technology forum, Whirlpool, are private and just among mates? Think again. Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has admitted they are addicted to trawling threads on the site for the latest posts about their pet project, the National Broadband Network. The Financial Review reports:
“Stephen Conroy is something of an information junkie … They “tragically” monitors a laundry list of online threads related to the $36 billion national broadband network on telecommunications forum Whirlpool”
Wow. Although I've always thought of them as something of a jock, the AFR's profile makes it seem as Conroy is becoming more and more of a geek over the years. Certainly amongst parliamentarians their well-publicised enthusiasm for their iPhone and iPad makes them something of a rarity, but I didn't realise they were geeky enough to be trawling Whirlpool threads. I do know for a fact that the Minister reads Delimiter, although they haven't ever posted a comment on our site, unlike their colleagues in the portfolio from other parties, the Liberals' Malcolm Turnbull and Greens Senator Scott Ludlam.
Perhaps Conroy's first port of call at Whirlpool might be one of the forum's longest-running and most hotly debated threads, entitled How can NBN fight the FUD and WIN? A daily read for yours truly, this thread often chronicles and debunks the exploits of the Murdoch press in trying to squash the NBN. And Conroy is known to be one of News Ltd's biggest detractors. But then again, an even longer-running thread is devoted to another of Conroy's projects — ISP-Level Content Filtering. I'm sure they keep an eye on that one too ;) In the meantime, everyone at Whirlpool, wave at Conroy — you're on the Ministerial iPad!
Image credit: kjd, Creative Commons
A community group has come under fire for excluding a UK Independence Party candidate from its hustings debate taking place in Dalston tonight at the Trinity Centre, Beechwood Road.
Hackney Unites, which describes itself as an “anti-racist community organisation”, has barred UKIP candidate Luke Basevi from taking part in the panel debate between candidates vying for votes as part of local council elections taking place on 22 May.
A statement on the Hackney Liberal Democrats website said ‘no platform' policies had “no place in a free and open democracy”.
Hackney Unites' Dalston debate takes place tonight from 6.30pm.
Hackney Liberal Democrat Mayoral Candidate Simon de Deney said: “We oppose everything that UKIP stands for, but it is not for us, nor for Hackney Unites, nor for anyone, to prevent a declared candidate from attending an open hustings and being heard by the people of Hackney.”
They added: “Individual UKIP candidates have exposed themselves as racist, homophobic, misogynist and generally deluded, but their party does not hold these views as official positions. Attempting to gag their candidates will only make them appear more attractive.
“We have shown that we are not afraid to confront UKIP and we urge others to do the same.”
“Hackney Unites is an excellent community organisation and we appreciate its efforts to bring the parties' and candidates' views to the public. But we believe they are mistaken in this and we urge them to reconsider.”
Hackney Unites secretary John Page declined to answer questions over the phone but emailed a statement saying Hackney Unites opposed “the politics of divide and rule, and as such we do not work with organisations that seek to scapegoat communities.”
The statement added: “We were surprised and disappointed to hear that UKIP (a party whose spokespeople have called for Lenny Henry to be ‘go back to a black country', posted on Twitter that we should ‘ban Islam, and knock down all the Mosques' and denounced British Olympic Gold medal winner Mo Farah for not being British enough) were standing in multi-racial Dalston. The communities of Dalston have for generations had to endure the racism of parties (from the British Union of Fascists onwards) who have sought to blame ‘immigrants' for unemployment and poor housing. We oppose all ideologies of hatred and are equally concerned about the sexism and homophobia spouted by UKIP spokespeople.”
“It should surprise no-one that Hackney Unites will not work with UKIP, we are certainly under no obligation to let them use our resources to promote their electoral ambitions and we choose not to sully our good name within the community by having any association with them.
“After consulting on the legal position we informed the other candidates of our anti-racist position. We understand that some parties have consequently decided not to attend our community meeting. That is a matter for them. We are free to invite who we like to our meeting; equally, those we invite are free to decline our invitation.”
The Hackney Citizen is awaiting a comment from UKIP.
Extreme bleaching has caused the death of large amounts of coral on Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef, prompting the government to implement its highest response level to help tackle the crisis.
New diver surveys conducted off Cape York, Australia's remote far northeastern tip, found up to 50 percent coral mortality because of coral bleaching, caused by rising sea temperatures, the government announced on Sunday.
"The corals in the remote far north of the reef experienced extremely hot and still conditions this summer, and were effectively bathed in warm water for months, creating heat stress that they could no longer cope with," said Russell Reichelt, the chairperson of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority.
They said a level three response meant stepped-up surveys to better understand and tackle threats to the reef.
Reichelt said, however, that the "extent and severity of bleaching varies greatly across the reef" and weather conditions "have so far spared most sections of the 344,400 square kilometre marine parks from coral die-off".
The Great Barrier Reef, comprising nearly 3,000 reefs and 900 islands, stretching 2,000km along Australia's northeast coast and is considered the world's largest living structure.
More than $3bn is generated each year from the Reef's tourism industry.
The WWF, the wildlife protection group, said on Monday that while it welcomed the government's action, higher-level policy decisions needed to be taken to address the root cause of the problem.
"This is the worst coral bleaching event ever to hit this most pristine part of the Great Barrier Reef," said WWF spokesperson Richard Leck.
"We can turn this around. The reef can recover but we must speed up the shift to clean, renewable energy and we must build reef resilience by reducing runoff pollution from farms and land clearing.
"Australia must speed up the transition to clean energy - like solar and wind - by setting a target of 100 percent renewable electricity by 2035."
Competition: Spanish Super Cup Date: 15 August 2016 Kick-off: 09:00 p.m. (BST) On aggregate: 0 – 0 Venues: Estadio Ramon Sanchez Pizjuan (Sevilla)
null
Barcelona will face Europa League champions Sevilla in Spanish Super Cup first leg match in the stadium Sanchez Pizjuan. The match is scheduled to kick off at 9 p.m. BST, or 4 p.m. EST depending on which side of the globe you are on.
Sevilla will be playing in their second tournament of the new season 2016/17, despite the fact that La Liga has yet to be started. Sevilla played European Super Cup against Real Madrid just five days ago on the account of being Europa League champions and will play Spanish Super Cup due to being finalists of last year's Copa Del Rey, as Barcelona claimed the title. Although the match is actually played between Spanish League champions and Cup champions, Barcelona's victory in both tournaments means Sevilla will have the opportunity to stop Lionel Messi and their pals, and take home the trophy.
Sevilla: Team News
null
Despite being on the losing side against Real Madrid on Tuesday, Sevilla have many positive sides to look forward to. Many believed Sevilla deserved to win the Cup against Real Madrid but the “Sergio Ramos effect” helped Madrid again, as they netted injury time equalizer and also extra time winner to lead their team to victory.
null
Sevilla's new manager Jorge Sampaoli expects their team to be brave and interrupt the flow of Barcelona play. The Argentinean manager prefers their team to have possession as much as possible, so it will be really interesting how their new team will thwart the possession game Barcelona are so renowned for.
Sevilla: Predicted Line-up (3-4-3)
Rico — Mercado, Rami, Jose Antonio — Mariano, N'Zonzi, Iborra, Vitolo — Konoplyanka, Vietto, Vazquez
Barcelona: Team News
null
About an year ago, when Barcelona and Sevilla played in European Super Cup, Sevilla nearly embarrassed Luis Enrique's side as Barcelona lost three goal lead, from 4-1 to 4-4, despite claiming victory in extra time, thanks to late Pedro winner.
null
This time around, Barcelona has to learn from their mistakes from past meetings, although it is easier said than done. In four pre-season games this summer, Barcelona have conceded nine goals and lost against Liverpool 4-0; a very poor result for a team of Barcelona's caliber. So defensively the Blaugrana have to improve, and improve soon if they wish to challenge for major honors this season. Barcelona have paid huge fee for the transfers of defenders Samuel Umtiti and Lucas Digne, and they will be expected to bolster shaky Barcelona backline.
null
Barcelona star man Lionel Messi, who has recently come out of international retirement to play for Argentina again, has shone brightly in the pre-season games. He, along with Luis Suarez, is expected to break solid Sevilla's defense. Lionel Messi, who many believe is the greatest of all time, is the most decorated player in Barcelona history, along with Andres Iniesta, and they can add another title in their name on Sunday evening.
Barcelona: Predicted Line-up (4-3-3)
Bravo — Roberto, Pique, Mascherano, Digne — Busquets, Rakitic, Iniesta — Messi, Suarez, Munir
Sevilla Vs. Barcelona: Head to Head statistics
Unsurprisingly, Barcelona have dominated the past fixtures between these two clubs. Out of 49 games against Sevilla, Barcelona have won 28 of them, more than double from that of Sevilla who came out on top in 11 meetings.
The last two games have seen Sevilla beaten by Barcelona, one in Copa Del Rey final last season and another in the Camp Nou in La Liga. But it is almost a fact that Sevilla are a different beast when they play at home; the last time the Andalusians faced Barcelona at home, they were victorious with 2-1 final score.
Sevilla Vs. Barcelona: Prediction
Although, on paper, Barcelona are favorites, the game will be very tight. Sevilla have enough quality to punish Barcelona for their mistakes on the night, and looking at the form of Barcelona defense, Sevilla might have a chance to pull a shock victory.
Sevilla Vs. Barcelona: Betting Odds and Tips
(Odds via Sky Bet)
Barcelona win: 4/6 A Draw: 3/1 Sevilla win: 19/5 Messi to score and Barcelona to win in normal time: 15/8 Luciano Vietto to Score and Sevilla to win in normal time: 8/1
Sevilla Vs. Barcelona: Live Stream
null
The live streaming of the match of the Spanish Super Cup clash between Barcelona and Sevilla can be enjoyed in the link provided in the tweet above or by clicking here.
[Photo by Gonzalo Arroyo Moreno/Getty Images]
There are millions of wrestling fans across the globe, and billions of phones. Sadly, when it comes to wrestling games for hardcore fans on those phones, the options are limited. There's the wonderful WWE Champions – but that's a match-three puzzler with wrestling as a sort of modifier. WWE Immortals is a fighting game, and WWE Tap Mania is…well…hard to describe.
But those aren't wrestling games. They're wrestling ‘themed' games. Where are the mobile games for WWE No Mercy players, or those who long for a new WWE2k game every year?
Enter the Wrestling Revolution series. Available on Android, iOS, and Steam, Wrestling Revolution is clearly a labor of love from a hardcore wrestling fan, Mat Dickie.
There's currently three main games in the series.
Wrestling Revolution – which is a career mode where you create a character and try to rise up the ranks, boost stats, and win the world championship in a given federation. Along the way you'll face injury, backstage politics, and more than one steel chair to the head.
Booking Revolution is made for your inner Vince McMahon. You take over a wrestling organization and place wrestlers into matches, and then play those matches. But here's the twist, you're not playing to win, you're playing to have a good match. Thus, you switch between the competitors in the match by tapping their health bar in order to have the best back and forth as possible. If the match rating isn't to your liking, you can always spice things up with a little fire, weaponry, or death-defying dives from ladders.
g fans have always wanted, but WWE 2k1 won't give.
If you're looking to combine the career and ‘franchise' modes, Wrestling Revolution 3D is the developer's latest iteration on the formula, adding – you guessed it – 3D Graphics and allowing you to choose between a booking career and a wrestling career.
All games feature ‘parodies' of real-life wrestlers, so you can have any number of dream matches between the Cena-esque Jimmi Sierra and Lesnar-alike Brook Laser. You can also customize everything about wrestlers, from names, to moves, to attire – making all these games capable of being tailored to your liking in a way gamers haven't seen since WWE No Mercy on the N64.
Booking Revolution appears to feature the most depth, moves, and options, but all versions of the game have a free trial that will let you find out for yourself.
Check them out.
I've had Google Glass for a few months now, an I'm no stranger to the glaring eyes. After taking a few days for myself to get used to wearing Glass, I realized it would take me longer to get used to the reactions of others.
My first week of wearing Glass in public, I was concerned people would label me as a Glasshole and denounce me. They did not, most people were ecstatic to see a pair in person. I've worn them around town, while shopping, and yes, even the movies. That abruptly ended today.
I've been wearing my Glass to Gold's Gym since I first got it, it makes working out super simple, no more worrying about cables getting stuck in machines, or limiting your reach, as it's bundled securely on your head. When I began wearing them to Gold's, I was frequently asked about them: what they were, how they work, what they were capable of. A few times I've even let complete strangers try them on and test them. I just don't want people to be perturbed by my wearing of them. I'd like to say that a few friends were made, as they're a good conversation starter.
Today, a Gold's Gym employee informed me I was no longer allowed to wear Glass into their facilities. As they threatened that other members may feel uncomfortable due to the outward facing camera on Glass, I noticed they held their phone in hand, camera pointed at me, exactly what they said was not allowed. I questioned them about that, wondering if these numerous peoples taking “selfies” in the mirror, Facebooking their workouts, constantly photographing themselves an other. There are so many other people that use cameras and recoding devices at that gym, I can assure that I've been in numerous photos that I've never given consent to. Why was this emerging technology being regarded as dangerous, and when would people understand it wasn't?
All I could think of was how often I see entire film crews recording at that location. There are constant photos being taken, and videos being filmed, since this is such a well-known gym. Even more recently Arnold Schwarzenegger was at that same Gold's Gym, doing some undercover recording. Yeah, sure, it's annoying (read: intimidating) when you're working out and a professional bodybuilder is being photographed for a magazine cover, but I've never seen any employee of Gold's say something to them.
I would expect that a place in such a technologically centered community as Venice, with Google offices right around the corner (which almost bought the location), an Microsoft Office within “walking distance”, that Gold's Gym employees and members would be much more open to these sorts of things.
If more people understood what Glass was capable, moreover what it isn't, then people would be more accepting of using it in public. There are numerous reasons that I wouldn't and can't record people in the gym, like:
Battery life, especially while listening to music, wouldn't last for very long
The screen would be lit up, which is easily noticeable
Recording time is limited to 10 seconds, unless manually overwritten
Most importantly, I'm in there doing my own thing, not focusing on/staring at others
I just wish that the common misconceptions about Glass could be cleared up to avert issues like this from arising in the future. Maybe even just for starters, Gold's Gym could follow their own rules and restrict filming for everybody, or let this new an expanding wearables market progress where it needs to, without this unnecessary battling.
I was politely contacted by a manager of Gold's Gym who informed me that the employee did not have the authority, and they did not approve of the banning. I appreciate the followup from Gold's, and hope more people will open up to these emerging technologies.
Four police officers who were flagged down by a store manager as their colleague detained a thief just feet away allegedly said they were "not kitted up" to help and drove away.
Merseyside Police PCs Jonathan Webb, Mark Higgins, Joanne Parr and Paul Birch had been travelling in a police car in Liverpool when they were flagged down by Tesco deputy store manger David Markey.
They asked them for help as a security officer Shaun Rigby apprehended the thief - named Fagan - in the road after fleeing the shop.
The officers are subject to a misconduct hearing after allegedly declining to help. They all deny that they breached standards of professional behaviour.
During the misconduct hearing held in Wavertree, Merseyside, the panel was told the incident occurred in Dale Street at around 9.15pm on December 5, 2014 when they were hailed down by Mr Markey.
They reported that their colleague Shaun Rigby was struggling with the suspected thief in the road and needed assistance.
The hearing was told that PC Webb - in the front passenger seat - wound down their window, but declined assistance saying they were not "kitted up". It is alleged that they then drove off - all failing to provide either direct assistance or assistance by way of causing another patrol to attend.
The interaction between the officers and Mr Markey was said to have lasted nine seconds. Mr Markey was forced to call 999 but before officers were able to arrive, Mr Rigby was assaulted by Fagan "kicking or kneeing" them in the head.
"They were just doing their job in difficult circumstances and rightly and properly expected help of those officers" James Berry
The hearing was told the incident came to the attention of Merseyside Police following a complaint by a member of the public. Counsel for the appropriate authority, James Berry, said Merseyside Police had considered it to be "a very serious" complaint.
The panel must decide if the constables' conduct fell below the standards of professional behaviour and if it amounted to gross misconduct.
Mr Berry said: "Mr Markey hailed down a passing police vehicle. The officers in that vehicle did not give assistance but drove off."
They said that because of Fagan and Mr Rigby's position in the road they had been "vulnerable to traffic". Mr Berry told the hearing that PC Webb had been sitting in the front passenger seat.
"He wound down the window to speak with Mr Markey. Mr Markey's evidence is that he'd detained a shoplifter and pointed towards Fagan and Mr Rigby who were a matter of feet away from the car."
Photo: Google Maps
They added that PC Webb had said words to the effect of "we are not tooled up" or "we are not kitted up".
Mr Markey asked for them to radio for assistance, which they said they would do before driving off. Mr Berry said that the officers' propositions were "extraordinary and incredible" and said that the two Tesco employees had "no reason to lie, no reason to exaggerate, no reason to embellish".
They added: "They were just doing their job in difficult circumstances and rightly and properly expected help of those officers."
CCTV played to the panel showed Mr Rigby struggling with the offender. However it is the officers' case that they did not see the struggle despite it being in close proximity to the car.
• Police criticised for selling tickets online to disciplinary hearing
• Detective caught in 'love square' used police systems to spy on ex
It is PC Webb's case that they maintain that Mr Markey did not tell them that a shoplifter had been detained and did not ask them for radio assistance.
Mr Berry said it was the officers' "duty to assist". "All maintain as well as not seeing the struggle in the road they did not hear or pay attention to what was said.
"Mr Markey was quite clearly seeking assistance. Each of the officers were aware that assistance was required and the conversation was taking place a few feet from where they were sitting."
The hearing is expected to last four days.
Wildfire burning near Oneonta Falls in the Gorge Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Crews drop water on the Devil's Rest Fire near Oneonta Falls in the Columbia River Gorge, July 12, 2017 (KOIN) [ + - ] Video
Eileen Park and KOIN 6 News Staff - CORBETT, Ore. (KOIN) --- About 20 firefighters and a helicopter continued to fight a wildfire in the Columbia River Gorge Wednesday afternoon.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The fire in the Columbia River Gorge grew to 1 acre on July 12, 2017. (KOIN)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved The fire in the Columbia River Gorge grew to 1 acre on July 12, 2017. (KOIN)
According to the U.S. Forest Service, the fire was reported around 8:30 p.m. Tuesday, however, it's unclear when it actually started.
Air support had been called in to assess how far the flames had spread and determined it grew from about a half-acre to 1 acre.
Corbett Fire initially responded to the fire Tuesday night, but the Forest Service quickly brought in crews and took over firefighting efforts. Officials said steep terrain made it difficult for crews to reach the fire.
Due to the fire, the Historic Columbia River Highway is closed between Ainsworth and Bridal Veil, causing hikers visiting from around the world to turn back.
Officials said the highway will be closed for at least another day or two. The fire also caused the closure of nearby trails including Oneonta, Horsetail and Gorge #400, which are expected to remain closed until Friday.
There's no information at this time on how the fire started.
https://twitter.com/CRGNSA/status/885045404190076930
It's been five years since Hurricane Sandy struck New York City and recovery efforts are still underway on the areas hit the hardest, including neighborhoods like Sea Gate in Brooklyn and Breezy Point in Queens. Some of lower Manhattan's train stations like the Whitehall and Canal Street stations were also devastated during the superstorm and the MTA is still working on making low-lying subway stations more resilient against future disasters. While recovery and resiliency efforts are ongoing, the New York Transit Museum is debuting an exhibit that gives a look at the behind-the-scenes work done by transit employees in the wake of disasters.
The exhibition, entitled Bringing Back the City: Mass Transit Responds to Crisis, relies on data visualizations to illustrate the scale of flooding in subway tunnels and the damage that resulted, including corrosion to track relays and transformers. The exhibit also focuses on how MTA engineers are planning for the future and the new equipment that is being tested out, from vent covers to inflatable coffer dams.
Bringing Back the City focuses not only on Hurricane Sandy-related recovery efforts, but also from other natural disasters like the blizzard of 2010 and Hurricane Irene to manmade disasters like the 9/11 attacks and the blackout of 2003.
On Sunday, October 29, the Transit Museum is offering an exclusive guided tour of Bringing Back the City, accompanied by a gallery talk that will highlight images and artifacts from Hurricane Sandy.
The exhibition is on view from now through September 2019 and also offers a digital version.
The above video has been doing the rounds of the interweb, showing former US president George Bush in Haiti. As you can see from the video, it looks like Bush shakes hands with someone and immediately wipes their hand on Bill Clinton's shirt.
An NPR news post on the subject was headlined: "Hand-Shaking Bush In Haiti Wipes Mitt On Clinton's Shirt", and plenty of tweets and blogs thought the former president was guilty of insulting Haiti and possibly Clinton. But it seems unlikely, although without being there at the time it's impossible to say for certain. An equally likely version of events would show the personality differences between the two presidents.
The video clip above appears to have been selectively slowed at the point that Bush touches Clinton's shoulder, making their gesture seem worse than it was. In the full-speed BBC version – available here – Bush is seen tapping Clinton on the shoulder twice and then plucking at their sleeve. Clinton is notoriously unpunctual and an enthusiastic glad-hander, whereas Bush is known for keeping to a tight schedule. So it's just as likely that Bush was encouraging Clinton to hurry up.
On a rainy night in September 2007, hundreds of squatters made their way into the third-tallest skyscraper in Caracas, Venezuela, and set up a temporary encampment. The unfinished, 45-story building—intended as a bank headquarters in the center of the capital—had sat vacant for more than a decade, after the developer's death and the country's 1994 financial crisis put construction on hold.
Eventually, nearly 3,000 of the city's poor—many of them refugees from insecure shantytowns—would join the initial squatters, creating a makeshift city with apartments up to the 28th floor, even though there are no elevators or, in some places, even a facade. The squatters organized their own electricity, running water, and plumbing, along with bodegas, a barbershop, and an orthodontist. The improvised community became known as Torre David, or the Tower of David, after the developer, David Brillembourg.
Reuters/Jorge Silva Torre David in the Caracas skyline.
Yesterday, the Venezuelan government began a long-threatened eviction of Torre David's residents. They are being relocated to Cua, a small city 40 miles south of Caracas. Local newspapers speculated that a Chinese deal to redevelop the tower was behind the move. China's president, Xi Jinping, was in Caracas this week to sign oil and mineral deals worth billions of dollars with Venezuela.
The government denied these rumors, citing safety issues instead. Ernesto Villegas, a government minister, told reporters yesterday: “The tower does not meet the minimum conditions for safe, dignified living.” Torre David's half-finished state has led to accidents (mostly falls), and there were reports of gang violence in its early years.
A brutal, fictionalized version of the tower appeared on the US cable television series Homeland, prompting the New Yorker's Jon Lee Anderson (who had written at length about Torre David and the economic policies that created it) to note that “In real life, as in ‘Homeland,' the Tower is a symbol of contemporary Venezuela's broken dreams and, more pointedly, of the failure of the late Hugo Chávez's experiment in socialism, which they called their ‘Bolivarian revolution.'”
Reuters/Jorge Silva A girl rides a bike on a balcony of Torre David.
In a new book, Radical Cities: Across Latin America in Search of a New Architecture, the journalist Justin McGuirk recounts a 2012 visit to Torre David, which they call a “pirate utopia.” They detail some of the systems the self-organized community has put in place: The building's electricity comes legally from the city's grid, while an ad hoc water system is pumped from the 16th-floor elevator lobby. Residents are barred from buying or selling apartments, though some manage to. Bodegas have variable pricing because “in a vertical economy reliant on leg-power, there is a premium the higher up you go.”
In interviews with McGuirk, Torre David's residents argue that for all its obvious faults, the squatted skyscraper is an improvement over the city's crowded barrios. “Thank God this building is safer than many others,” one says.
And that suggests an obvious problem: clearing Torre David does nothing to address the chronic poverty and housing shortages that led to its establishment in the first place. Though the tower is highly visible, it's hardly the only informal settlement in Caracas's downtown. McGuirk counts ”dozens”; Anderson said there were over 155 as of late 2012. That includes an entire shopping mall just two blocks away from the emptying tower.
Reuters/Jorge Silva Evicted residents of Torre David with their belongings yesterday.
Reuters/Jorge Silva In this April photo, a resident of Torre David lifts weights on the balcony of the 30th floor.
Reuters/Jorge Silva A woman and their son watch TV in their apartment on Torre David's 24th floor.
Reuters/Jorge Silva A woman looks out of their shop window in a corridor in Torre David.
It's been a long night. So just a few notes.
Nobody really knows what lies ahead for the US, but we are probably heading into a period when cities and metro areas must do even more to take care of themselves. And there's lots of evidence, from last night, that urban populations know that.
The sweep of victories on public transit measures is impressive. Raleigh, Indianapolis, Atlanta, and the biggest transit plan of all this year, in greater Seattle. In California, where revenue raising measures require 2/3, most of the Bay Area and Los Angeles area measures are on track to hit that very high bar.
This is becoming a common pattern. There is a strong urban consensus about what it takes to make a great city, and the will is there, among urban populations, to do what needs to be done.
Some friends are despairing about federal funding for public transit, which is required to deliver the promised transit plans, and for other critical urban needs. I can't predict what Federal policy may actually be like. If you need reasons for hope, there are three:
This president-elect is from a big city, they famously like to build things, and they campaigned on infrastructure spending. It's unlikely they will turn off the spigot on urban investments, or that a narrowly divided Senate would let them if they did.
I've also been through this moment — when one party appears to have won the White House and the Congress — several times. Each time, it's appeared that there's now no impediment to the agenda, but it's never been that simple. When you can actually enact an agenda, you pause, especially when you have such a narrow majority in one chamber.
There's simply no mandate here for an anti-urban agenda, or even for budget-cutting and fiscal austerity. This election was just not about that.
But maybe the Federal role does shrink. If so, cities and regions will have to do what needs to be done themselves. Mayors and regional leaders may have to lead in larger and more courageous ways. Bruce Katz (The Metropolitan Revolution) and Benjamin Barber (If Mayors Ruled the World) have been charting this path for a while. But if tonight's transit measures are any indication, urban voters know what needs to be done, so the conditions for courageous urban leadership are there.
Personally, I have lots of other feelings about this election. But when it comes to critical urban needs, one way or another, it can get done.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE dismissed the controversy surrounding their private email server and defended their conduct as legal during a press conference on Tuesday in Las Vegas.
ADVERTISEMENT
A visibly aggravated Clinton repeatedly insisted that they had done nothing wrong and seemed frustrated by questions about the issue.
"What I did was legally permitted, number one, first and foremost," the Democratic presidential candidate said in response to a question from Fox News reporter Ed Henry. "We turned over everything that was work-related, every single thing."
They added that in "retrospect," it had not turned out to be convenient to have the private server during their years as secretary of State.
"I regret that this has become a cause celebre. But that does not change the facts, and no matter what anybody tries to say, the facts are stubborn," they said.
"I know there is a certain level of anxiety or interest in this, but the facts are the facts."
Asked if the server, which has been turned over to the Department of Justice, had been wiped clean, Clinton initially shrugged and later joked, "Like with a cloth or something?
"I don't know how it works digitally at all," they added.
Them comments came hours after NBC News reported that the FBI is hoping to recover some data from the server.
Aides could be heard in the background telling reporters that Clinton had to go, but they remained to answer questions for a few more minutes before leaving. As they walked away, they turned back and shrugged at reporters, who continued to ask questions.
Along with the FBI, intelligence agency officials are looking into whether Clinton's server possessed classified information after two emails were found to have been later classified as top secret.
Clinton turned over more than 50,000 pages of official emails to the State Department, but deleted a similar number of emails that they deemed personal.
In Tuesday's press conference, Clinton said they did not turn over personal emails and had no obligation to do so.
House Select Committee on Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) had repeatedly asked Clinton to give the server to an independent party in order to ensure nothing official had been deleted. They chided them in March for deleting emails, which they framed as “ensuring no one could check behind their analysis in the public interest.”
Many experts have cited the controversy to explain, in part, why Clinton has lost ground in recent polls of the presidential race.
Them lead over Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) has shrunk, some of their Republican rivals are leading them in battleground states and talk of a potential challenge from Vice President Biden has intensified over the past few weeks.
Ever since Mycroft Holmes made reference to “the other one” in the Sherlock series three finale, Tom Hiddleston has been top of many fans's lists to play the previously unknown third Holmes brother should they ever appear in the series.
Advertisement
The Thor star has just the right blend of eccentric Britishness, quirky good looks and on-screen intensity to convince as Benedict Cumberbatch's second sibling.
And it seems Sherlock co-creator Mark Gatiss – who also happens to play Mycroft in the BBC detective drama – agrees, admitting “Tom would be wonderful in Sherlock”, but adding “I'm sure but they only does movies now. What can I say?”
“I'll ask them if you like,” Gatiss told an audience at a recent Q&A in Brazil, continuing (with tongue firmly in cheek), “Well it's an internet rumour so it must be true. We might as well just wait and see what happens.”
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's original Sherlock Holmes stories make no reference to a third Holmes brother but Gatiss's character told Sherlock at the end of final the episode Their Last Vow “I'm not given to outbursts of brotherly compassion. You know what happened to the other one.”
We've plotted out the whole of Sherlock series 4 and 5 says co-creator Steven Moffat
Sherlock season 4 could come sooner than expected: “We're working on dates” says producer
Advertisement
Follow @RadioTimes
In the “modern” slaughterhouses in this country, live cattle, pigs and chickens are hung upside down by one leg, breaking the pelvis bone immediately. They are sent down the assembly line, which takes hours. Boiling water is poured on them to loosen their skins. Then their throats are slit so that blood comes out steadily before they die. The blood is accumulated in troughs.
The quantity is vast. It is stored in huge vats until tankers come to collect it. It is taken to rendering plants with blood processing facilities, or disposed of in sewers (which lead into the nearest water body), in landfills or spread over land. Some amount is used to make human food and animal feed.
According to the FAO , approximately 304 million cattle, 959 million sheep and goats, and 1374 million pigs were killed for their meat in 2010. By 2016 this has increased by 10%. 15 litres of blood from each cattle and 2 to 3 litres per pig. 4.56 billion litres of bloodfrom cattle annually. In just one month, 9 million pigs are slaughtered in the USA alone - 114.79 million pints of blood going down the drains. China produces 150 thousand tons of porcine blood yearly.The world is soaked in blood every day.
The food industry uses about 30% of this blood. It is used in food as an emulsifier (an agent that mixes different liquids), a stabilizer to prevent oil and water from separating in the finished food product, a clarifier, a colour additive, and as nutrition.
Blood from slaughterhouse animals is collected in two ways. The first is open draining, where blood from the animal is collected in buckets or trays. The second is via a closed draining system, where a hollow knife is stuck in the animal's throat and this is connected to vacuum piping. The animal is, by the way, alive through both these processes so that the blood can continue to be pumped by its heart.
The rendering plant is a unit that processes every bit of what comes into a slaughterhouse in order to maximise profit. What does it do with the blood?
The bulk of the blood goes to feed animals themselves. Whole blood from cow, sheep, pig, or chicken is added to pet food and fish food as a cheap protein source.In some cases, the plasma is separated from the red blood cells and used as a protein supplement for piglets, who are taken away from their mothers and need a substitute for mother's milk. Spray dried blood and porcine plasma is used as growth enhancers in animal feed, and haemoglobin is used to feed carnivorous fish and shrimp.
Blood is used in livestock feed as a protein supplement. These vegetarian animals are fed the blood of their own kin. The British have accused India of being the originators of Mad Cow Disease (Bovine spongiform encephalopathy) which destroys the brain. Apparently, the soya bean that we sent for their cattle feed was made into blocks by using blood as a glue. So the cows ate blood and developed the disease which they passed on to humans. Over 30 lakh cows were killed in the UK alone to put an end to the disease, but it is still found all over the world and is a direct result of animals being fed blood. We have just had one Mad Cow death in Dehradun. It kills one person per million.
Dried blood-meal is also used as fertiliser.
Some blood is used in both animal and human medicines. Purified bovine albumin is used to replenish blood or fluid loss in animals. It is used in testing for the Rh factor in human beings, and as a stabilizer for vaccines. It is also used in antibiotic sensitivity tests.
Porcine plasma is used to dissolve blood clots in heart attack patients. Bovine thrombin is used to promote blood coagulation in humans, treat wounds and hold skin grafts in place. Bovine plasma is used as a medium in laboratories to grow probiotic lactobacilli, and for human medicines like porphyrin. Blood products are used as nutrients for tissue culture media.
Even people who eat meat find the thought of eating blood distasteful (unless you are an African Masai tribesman, who drinks it directly from the neck of their animal). But, industry is working to use the blood in different ways.
Plasma proteins from pigs and chickens are used in the making of surimi, a form of fish gel. Surimi products usually are imitation seafood products, such as crab, abalone, shrimp, calamari, and scallop. Several companies produce surimi sausages, luncheon meats, hams and burgers.
Porcine blood enzymes and proteins - transglutaminase, fibrinogen, and thrombin - have been used as binders in restructured meat products.These are used to rearrange bits of left over low value meat, so that it appears to be a product of higher value, that resembles intact meat like steaks, chops or roasts. While many companies in the US have been caught for their fraudulent use of using blood plasma, instead of real meat, to increase their profits and upgrade their meat product, no action has been taken so far. In May 2010, the EU voted to ban the use of Fibrimex®, which is a blood protein used to reconstitute meat, as the EU believes the product has no proven benefit and its usage carries a high risk of misleading consumers – meaning that Fibrimex® reconstituted meat products would find their way into meat dishes served in restaurants, given the higher prices that can be obtained for leftover pieces of meat glued together and sold as a single meat product. The ban, however, never took effect.
In recent years, much attention has been paid to the extraction of peptides from animal blood. These are short chains of amino acids linked together. They are sold as tonics. For instance, many companies sell Heme iron polypeptide tonics, made from animal haemoglobin, to treat iron deficiency. (Side effects include upset stomachs and allergic reactions, like swelling of the face and throat). Other bio-peptide tonics claim to lower cholesterol, blood pressure, enhance mineral absorption, increase immunity, and as opioids. Animal blood derivative peptides are used in commercial food and nutraceuticals (non-medicinal nutrients used as supplements). Some companies admit that their dietary supplement is derived from bovine serum, but many still hide it.
Haemoglobin powders from cow and pig blood are used as meat colorants.
Blood plasma has the ability to form a gel, and looks like cooked egg whites. Cooked ham pate, minced meats and hot dogs often have this added to them.
Among the uses being considered for blood plasma is for it to replace egg whites in the commercial baking industry, as it is much cheaper
Several countries use whole blood to make popular foods, like blood sausages, black puddings, or blood tofu. Blood pudding is popular in Italy – coagulated blood that is baked like a cake and served in slices. Czarnina isa Polish duck soup made of duck's blood, and nam tok is a soup from Thailand made from cow and pig's blood.
Efforts are on to persuade developing countries, with malnourished children, to mix blood proteins in cereal in diets that are used to supplement breastfeeding during the transition from exclusive breastfeeding to a mixed diet (between the ages of 6 to 8 months), and thereafter as a major breakfast meal (between age 1 to 6 years). Government and international bodies have till now used plant protein in the formulation of weaning diets. However, research (and pressure) is on to put blood proteins into infant formula by labelling them abundant, cheap, readily available, with a proven track record in animal nutrition. Another area that has been selected for commercial use is targeting anaemia (iron deficiency)in developing countries, by adding bovine blood iron supplements to staple foods. If I am not mistaken, our Health Ministry has just passed an order asking for grains to be fortified with iron.
To join the animal welfare movement contact gandhim@nic.in, www.peopleforanimalsindia.org
Doctor Who is a Timeline
David McCandless of Information is Beautiful brought me on board to help with the design and realisation of an Infographic that visualised all of the Doctor Who journeys. He'd done a similar one for their first book, but this was of a scale and complexity far above that.Can't really put up a full res version, because it's owned by David and Wired. But here is an overview of it, and a couple of details. Most of the lines were put in place by the amazing Piero Zagami During the wireframing process I programmed a quick program that plotted all the journeys using Processing . You could zoom in and out on it and slide the mouse from side to side to move forward and back in time. It wasn't really something that we were going to use as a finished thing, but as a tool to see where the most interesting eras where, it was pretty cool.When the curve goes up, it is a journey backwards in time, and below, forwards. In the centre is the current year, and the top shows the range. Each of the eleven Doctors has a different colour.The vertical looking lines are journeys that are so temporally distant that the curve it describes appears almost straight.
ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Pakistani government representatives failed to appear on Tuesday for the scheduled start of peace talks with the Taliban, forcing the postponement of the talks and drawing a sharp rebuke from the militants' representatives.
The episode added to the swirl of contradictory statements, confusion and delays that have surrounded the peace initiative since last week, when Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif made the surprise announcement that a four-member delegation would hold talks with the Pakistani Taliban.
In turn, the Taliban named five public figures, including the opposition politician Imran Khan, to represent them in the talks. But Mr. Khan and another of the five refused to do so.
The three remaining designees, led by Maulana Sami ul-Haq, a prominent religious scholar with close ties to Taliban leaders, said on Monday that they would meet the next day with the government representatives in Islamabad, the capital.
In case you needed more evidence that Catholic school students are often kinder, more decent people than Church officials, just look at what happened at Eastside Catholic High School (in Seattle, Washington) today.
On Tuesday, Assistant Principal Mark Zmuda was forced to resign from their position after school officials confronted them about their sexual orientation and summer wedding. Tomorrow will be their last day at school thanks to the “loving,” “grace-filled” nature of the Catholic Church.
But the students at the school weren't taking that decision lightly. Today, 300 of them staged protests online, on Twitter, in the cafeteria, and outside the school:
One student at Eastside Catholic said the entire student body was protesting; students either walked out of class or never went. Many were crying along with their teachers. Students said they were told the decision to fire Zmuda was made by the Archdiocese of Seattle. They said they and students from other Catholic schools within the diocese planned to collect and submit signatures hoping to win Zmuda their job back.
Zmuda won't get their job back. They broke the rules they agreed to in their contract and the Church isn't known for compassion when it comes to gay people in loving relationships.
Still, the online petition (currently at 4,400 supporters) shows how large the gap is between children who care about love and the adults who prioritize ancient rules that forbid it in certain circumstances:
The student body is outraged that an incredible administrator, coach, and human being was fired solely because of their love and marriage for another human being. We are uniting in order to change the Catholic Church's opposition of gay marriage. It is time to revisit the policy and act as Jesus would have, loving and supporting every person regardless of their marital status. United, we want this policy changed so that the Catholic Church can achieve its mission of acting with unconditional love in every situation.
Well, good luck with that one…
Back to the positive, though. It's really amazing how other students, even those at other Catholic schools, joined forces with the Eastside students today.
And Zmuda, closing in on their final day at the school tomorrow, still found a way to give the students valuable advice:
While students were protesting on the street, [first-year student Sophia Cerino] said, Zmuda came out to talk to them about what had happened. “He told us they had gotten fired because they are gay and married. They told us to grow up, get a job and find true love. They were crying and told us what we were doing meant a lot to him.”
Think about the message Church officials have sent these students: Love doesn't matter. Your dedication to our schools doesn't matter. If you're gay, you better stay single and celibate if you want to be part of our club.
The students who protested today showed the Catholic Church precisely why its in so much trouble. The kids may not have a choice about the school they attend now. But once they are able to make the choice for themselves, how many of them will raise their kids in the Church? How many will even attend Church? How many will leave the faith altogether? They know better than to give any respect to Church officials who don't deserve it.
Eastside Catholic inadvertently created a batch of future atheists today.
Meanwhile, Pope Francis is silent on matters like this. Sure, they say Catholics shouldn't “judge” gay people… but firing them for the crime of marrying-while-gay? Not a problem for him.
Trucks, Construction Zones and Cyclists Sharing Chicago Roads View Full Caption
CHICAGO — A measure passed overwhelmingly by the Illinois Legislature clarifies that bicyclists are entitled to the right-of-way and “shall be granted all of the rights” of drivers of cars and trucks.
Illinois House bill 5912, known as "Dennis's Law," was signed by Gov. Bruce Rauner earlier this month after it was approved 164 to 1 by the House and Senate. It will take effect on Jan. 1, 2017.
The push for the new bill that strengthens the rights of cyclists came from the family of Dennis Jurs, a Vietnam veteran who was killed last year in a crash with a driver who was ticketed for failing to yield the right of way to him.
The ticket was thrown out of court by a judge who cited case law that said that a bicycle was not a "vehicle," according to lawyer Michael Keating, who represented the Jurs family and helped to draft the legislation.
Keating said the amendment "provides clarity for both bicyclists and motorists in Illinois with the goal of safety in mind."
Eric Gallien, associate director of the Illinois Trucking Association, a nonprofit trade group with 500 members, said the bill is "as much common sense legislation you can get. "
"It's a piece of legislation you just have to have on the books," Gallien said.
The week after the bill was passed, there were two fatal bike accidents on Chicago's roads involving larger vehicles.
Lisa Kuivinen, 20, died on Aug. 16 in a crash with a flatbed truck in River West; Francisco Cruz, 58, was killed in a crash with a cargo van in an Aug. 17 hit-and-run in Garfield Park.
Earlier this summer, Blake Klingenberg, 29, was struck by a tour bus along "Magnificent Mile and Virginia Murray 25, was riding a Divvy when they were involved in a "right hook" crash with a turning flatbed truck in Avondale.
Michael Claffey, a spokesperson for the Chicago Dept. of Transportation, said that one of the most important safety messages is that "all users of the right-of-way need to be aware of their surroundings and exercise utmost caution at all times."
In response to the new amendment, Gallien said that the trucking association's next quarterly safety meeting, which typically attracts drivers from up to 35 companies, will focus on safety with pedestrians and cyclists as it relates to sharing the right-of-way.
"Bicyclists and pedestrians have no protection [on the roads]. We are not a perfect industry, no one is, and we are trying to be as safe as we can," Gallien said.
Milwaukee Avenue, where Kuivinen collided with a truck, is designated by the city as a "spoke route" to Downtown. It is the city's busiest cycling street; during peak rush hours some 500 to 600 people use it per hour, Claffey said.
Milwaukee Avenue is also a "designated truck route," allowing for trucks as big as 65 feet long and trucks capable of hauling up to 34,000 pounds, according to a map and Illinois Dept. of Transportation weight and length guidelines.
The day after Kuivinen was killed, a cyclist took their anger out by smashing the windshield of a semi truck parked in the Milwaukee Avenue bike lane near where Kuivinen was struck.
The incident drew criticism from truck drivers and cyclists.
"As a delivery truck driver for over 30 years, this is one of the most ridiculous and childish reaction I have ever heard of. More importantly, its an outright act of criminal behavior," one reader commented on Neighborhood Square.
Trucking is "an easy industry to vilify" Gallien said.
"People don't realize how much of their goods were on a truck at some point. With our industry, it's continuing to get goods to market," they said.
"Everything is magnified for a truck driver. In Illinois, if you are texting and driving, you get a ticket. If a truck driver is found texting with a [Commercial Driver's License], it could be grounds for losing a license," they said.
Kyle Whitehead, government relations director for the Active Transportation Alliance, said the group is advocating for the city to consider ATA's Vision Zero process as relates to the challenges of larger vehicles.
Vision Zero, a safety movement that started in Sweden, is built on the foundation that no loss of life is acceptable and the only acceptable number is zero crashes.
"We can have this apathetic attitude, crashes are going to happen, people are going to get killed, or we can work with the private and public sector to make [the roads] safer," Whitehead said.
The alliance is currently hosting a "Clear the Way" campaign to collect as many examples of obstructed bike lanes, sidewalk and trails as possible by Sept. 30.
Whitehead said that advocating for improving safety along Milwaukee Avenue is a priority, particularly between Division and North avenues, "where there is parking on both sides of the street, narrow lanes, a high level of bike traffic and over the past year, lots of large vehicles going to and from various construction sites."
John Greenfield, editor of the transportation news website Streetsblog Chicago (which Keating sponsors), said that the new law "seems like a really good development" and a "fitting legacy" for Jurs.
"He was an army vet who was wounded by a land mine during the Vietnam War, which severely injured their left thigh. They credited bicycling with allowing them to recover their leg strength, and cycling was a big part of their life for the next four decades," said Greenfield.
Hopefully, their family will find some comfort in knowing that "the law their case inspired will help protect other Illinois residents as they ride bikes — something Mr. Jurs clearly loved to do," Greenfield said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Troy Tulowitzki is preparing to write the next chapter of their career.
The Toronto Blue Jays unveiled the 30-year-old shortstop on Wednesday, two days after landing the five-time All-Star as part of a blockbuster deal.
Tulowitzki admitted that they were blindsided when the trade was officially announced and the surprise still hasn't worn off.
"Still shocked," Tulowitzki said. "When I walk into a clubhouse and it's not purple, it's different for me."
Selected with the seventh pick of the 2005 draft, Tulowitzki spent their entire 10-year career as a member of the Colorado Rockies but hasn't appeared in the postseason since 2009. While the change of address and uniform will take some getting used to, they did admit that it's fun to get back in the playoff hunt.
"To wake up and know these games are very meaningful, I think that'll bring me back to my younger days," they said.
"I come in this locker room expecting to win, not say, 'OK, next year is our year.' Right now, we can win."
Your browser does not support iframes.
(Courtesy: MLB.com)
Armed with one of the most dangerous bats in baseball, Tulowitzki will hit lead-off for the first time in their career.
"If it becomes a problem that there are so many middle-of-the-order hitters, then that's a good problem to have," they said.
Desperate to add help to their rotation, the Blue Jays surprised many by acquiring a shortstop - an area that hadn't been considered a team weakness. Though there have been some detractors of the deal, general manager Alex Anthopoulos argued that bringing in a player of Tulowitzki's magnitude was too good to pass up.
"We're getting the best shortstop in baseball in our minds," Anthopoulos said Tuesday. "Those opportunities don't present themselves."
Owners of the longest active postseason drought at 21 years, the Blue Jays enter Wednesday's game with the Philadelphia Phillies eight games back in the division and three behind the second wild card.
Tulowitzki is hoping their presence helps change that.
"I'm excited about being a Blue Jay, excited about the city, excited about bringing winning back here," they said.
"Its a huge opportunity. I know they embrace their sports teams and they embrace the Blue Jays."
At a very early age in our development, many of us are expected to go into educational institutions that prepare us for the real world. In theory, we should prepare young individuals with the life skills they will need to be successful as they reach adulthood. Subjects like science, math, English, and history can be seen as fundamental components to a well-rounded individual – and crucial for social progress into the future.
An adult that doesn't understand basic math or English will likely suffer due to their lack of knowledge. They will have a hard time adapting to a world that expects you to be able to keep track of your own finances, or write an e-mail to a family member, friend, employer, or politician.
Of course, this doesn't mean that the educational institutions we have now been the only (let alone the most desirable) way to teach children these fundamental skills. In fact, our educational system today seems to come with many drawbacks and unhealthy assumptions regarding how to properly educate children.
I've been critical of today's schools ever since I've been a part of them. It's not because I'm bitter for getting poor grades (actually, I was mostly a straight A student who took a college semester's work of AP classes before I ever graduated from high school). I was technically “smart,” in the sense that I knew how to perform well on tests, but that's not all there is to a good education.
I also don't think that my dislike of school is due to my specific circumstances. Meaning, I just happened to be put into a bad school. From what I gather, New York has some of the best public schooling in the country, and my particular high school happened to be one of the “better” ones in Nassau County. By all measures, my peers and I were quite “privileged” to attend the schools that we did. Yet, the system still seemed ridden with problems and short-comings that I believe have led to some long-term struggles for me. I imagine these problems are equally represented in other schools around the country (or even around the world).
While I could probably write a book elaborating on some of these things that I believe ruin our current schooling system, I'm going to narrow my focus to 5 main points that I think are fairly universal among most schools. Some of these will likely resonate with your own experiences. Others may not.
1. Grades are more important than knowledge
This is one of the most common critiques I see regarding schools, and rightfully so. There is a world of difference between knowing how to regurgitate facts on a multiple choice or “fill-in-the-blank” test compared to actually understanding the material you are learning. In school, we are taught that an “A” is the highest level of achievement. And so long as you know how to memorize the right things and take a test, then you are presumably “intelligent.”
Why it doesn't work: When we teach our students how to be more focused on grades, rather than the love for knowledge, we set ourselves up for an intellectually lazy generation. One that is content on mediocrity and “getting by,” rather than developing a true sense of wonder and curiosity.
2. The key to success is obedience and conformity
As I mentioned in the introduction, I was a very good student on paper. Teaches usually liked me because I didn't cause a ruckus, I didn't question what they said, and I was very obedient and complacent to what they demanded from me. Even when we were told to write persuasive essays, I usually argued in favor of something that I knew the teacher would approve of (even though in my head I wanted to rebel against these social norms). My few experiences trying to deviate from what was expected usually back-fired on my report cards. I remember one time writing an essay about why video games were good for children, I remember my grade being significantly deflated compared to the times where I argued in accordance to my teacher's values.
These troubles were especially prevalent throughout my history classes (which were by far my least favorite subjects). As a social science, you cannot teach history without presenting the information from some kind of point-of-view. The best history teachers are the one's who try to cover issues from a variety of different perspectives, but often times your history teacher is personally biased to present information in a certain way. Critical thinking often becomes diminished for the sake of being a “good student.” To add to the fire, these classes are usually our first taste of politics, so we become molded into a certain way of thinking before ever having the ability to form our own beliefs.
Why it doesn't work: Often we aren't just learning English or history – we are implicitly being taught how to conform to the teacher's worldview, beliefs, values, and personal philosophy. Parents may think they are sending students to school to learn fundamental and universal skills, but often children walk out with a cleverly molded view of reality. (This of course is also true in parenting and other early experiences throughout a child's life, but the point still stands strong, and schooling is one of the biggest culprits).
3. Procrastinate 'till the last minute and you'll be OK
So many people I know bullshitted their way through school. They learned all the tricks on how to perform well on homework and tests without ever really putting in any planning or effort. For example, in English class, I used spark notes the night before I had to write an essay way more than I ever read the books we were supposed to read. And grade-wise, I did just fine. For most tests, I could usually cram some memorization in the night of and pass with flying colors. By the time the test was over, I forgot everything I “learned,” and got prepared to bullshit for the next chapter.
Maybe I was smart, maybe the classes were just too easy. That's one problem you're going to have when you try to standardize the curriculum to fit hundreds of individual's varying needs. For me? I rarely felt challenged. I left school thinking I could cut-corners everywhere (and I still face the consequences of this mindset today).
Why it doesn't work: Now that I'm in the real world, I know that the success I want to accomplish is going to take deliberate planning and hard work. I never learned these lessons in school – I'm trying to learn them now.
4. Your individual interests are largely irrelevant
In this great interview, John Taylor Gatto describes the origins of our current school system. They claim today's system is largely modeled after the Prussian educational system in the mid-1800s. In the U.S., the Prussian system was advocated and financed by industrial power giants like John D. Rockefeller, Andrew Carnegie, and JP Morgan. They viewed individuals in a population as essentially cogs in a wheel; individuals were described as “raw materials” that needed to be “processed” in order to fit the demands of the current economy.
Instead of supporting students to pursue their individual talents and skills, their potential was largely ignored or thwarted, and instead the demands of society as a “whole” (mainly decided on by a select few social engineers – industrialists and politicians) became of primary importance. In essence, the education system was designed to manipulate and control populations on a massive scale. I would argue much of this still holds true today.
Why it doesn't work: At the very least, the current education system diminishes our potential to evolve and grow, both as individuals and as a society. As individuals – our talents, skills, interests and values are placed as secondary importance. As a society – we lose out on a lot of creative and innovative thinking that could otherwise improve social progress. See this classic TED lecture by Sir Ken Robinson on how schools kill creativity.
5. Social hierarchies are rigid and hard to break
One aspect of education that isn't exactly related to class work is the social hierarchy that is often reinforced behind school walls. Of course, every child has certain social inclinations. Some may prefer large groups of peers, while others may prefer to hang out with smaller groups. The problem with schools is that there isn't much breathing room to accommodate different student's social preferences. Most students are usually mandated to be in a classroom with 25-30 students everyday of the week for 6-7 hours (this is usually the standard in both private and public schools).
As a result, introverted individuals, who may need extra time away from people to “recharge their social batteries” won't get that accommodation met. Instead they will be uncomfortably placed in social settings that in-fact inhibit their social development and make them incredibly nervous and anxious.
School doesn't directly teach us how to be social or manage our relationships, it just sort of throws us into a social cage and whatever haphazardly develops out of it is what we get. Often for males, aggressive jocks and alpha males rise to the top, while passive nerds and geeks get bulldozed over. And for females, looks and gossip are of primary importance if you want to fit in. Of course these are cliches, but it touches on a general tendency that develops and becomes reinforced throughout many school hierarchies. In return, many students graduate with a warped view of others.
Why it doesn't work: Schools are a very confining place for social interactions to develop in a healthy manner. They are rarely a good environment to foster compassion and empathy toward others.
Conclusion
I'm sure you won't agree with everything I said here – everyone's experiences at school are a bit different. For some, middle school and high school may have been the best times of their lives. For others, it may have been a complete nightmare.
The big point I want to make here is that there are some obvious drawbacks and limitations that come with our current schooling, which unfortunately we don't seem to have many viable alternatives for.
In general, I think the attitude towards learning that is propagated in many schools today runs at the antithesis to a proper education. Curriculum has been standardized to the point where it only appeals to the lowest common denominator of people. Meanwhile, most individuals, especially ones with passions, skills, and talents, usually have their strengths minimized for the sake of conformity and easy management. As a result, I really feel we all hurt our potential.
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
When Federico Fellini coined the term 'paparazzo' in their film La Dolce Vita in 1960, they had spent years shadowing scandal sheet photographers, the people who provided, in their phrase, hedonism's 'worrying mirror'. In the wake of Hollywood's post-studio slump, American movie stars gathered in Cinecitta and rubbed shoulders on the Via Veneto with a corrupt European aristocracy. Rome in the late 1950s was, as Fellini put it, 'in a constant state of self-celebration, self-depiction, self-congratulation'.
The night Tazio Secchiaroli made the front page of Il Giorno for getting into a fi ght with the King of Egypt while attempting to take their picture, Fellini was with them in the swarm of snappers. A character was born. Paparazzo, the name of the boisterously invasive photographer who accompanies Marcello Mastroianni's hack in La Dolce Vita, is derived from a pejorative term for a very large mosquito.
In those days, style was born of necessity. The cameras used were old Rolleifl exes, with flashes that took an age to recharge. Photographers knew they would only get one chance, and that they had to come up close: they got their assistants to drive them around on Vespas so they could quickly swoop in for a shot.
No wonder celebrities looked shocked. The art of the paparazzo was part illustration, part circus act, as much a performance as the gathering of images. It was, Secchiaroli later remembered, 'only movement, action, a fast, instinctive thing'. 'We'll fight with flashes,' they declared. Soon, the art became so familiar that the battles had to be engineered. Secchiaroli learned that a straight shot of a star would sell for 3,000 lire, but one of a furious celebrity could fetch L200,000. There was nothing left but to provoke.
Secchiaroli's true heir was Ron Galella, who transposed many of their methods to New York. Galella's success came by scandals of their own making, and they are now best known for their photographs of Jackie Onassis, who fi led a lawsuit against them in 1972 . As a result, Galella was prevented from coming within 100 yards of their home, or within 50 yards of them or their children.
In their heyday, Galella seemed impossible to deter. They were hospitalised after being beaten by Richard Burton's bodyguards; they were spat on by Sean Penn; Marlon Brando broke their jaw, and as a result Brando's hand became infected, a symbolic effect upon which we need not dwell. Did this staunch Galella's outings? Of course not. They simply took the precaution, when chasing Brando, of wearing a football helmet.
Nevertheless Aristotle Onassis told Galella: 'You're a baby compared to the paparazzi in Europe.' In 1997, that seemed horrifically true. Though French courts ruled that the photographers who chased Princess Diana's car were not to blame for their death, the paparazzi's stunts would rarely seem so lighthearted again.
These days, many of the 'paparazzi' shots we see are set-ups. Everyone knows that the style - a stolen look, even a hand in front of the face - adds authenticity, and often celebrities will get their publicists to ring snappers and let them know that they can be seen, say, exiting Starbucks in Malibu with a soy frappuccino at 10.45. Paps live in fear that stars will, as they say, 'pull a Sarah Jessica Parker': that is, stand outside a hospital with their new baby for a universal photo op, thereby devaluing the shots to about $75 a piece when those photos could sell for - in the case of Brad and Angelina's baby - a rumoured a million dollars.
Earlier this year, an anonymous paparazzo gave New York magazine a run down of current price tags that would make Tazio Secchiaroli tango in their grave. George Clooney alone: a few thousand bucks. Clooney with a woman: about $80,000. Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes together: 10 a penny. Holmes alone: $30,000 (cue headline: 'Where's Tom?'). A picture of the skeletal Nicole Richie with a cup of coffee will fetch almost nothing, but a picture of them eating? BINGO!
Hillary Clinton's upcoming run at the White House will reportedly have a unified backing from Hollywood Democrats, who were divided in their support between Hillary and eventual nominee Barack Obama in 2008.
2016 offers few alternatives for Tinsel Town Democrats who may not be sold on another Clinton presidential bid, which is precisely why entertainment industry heavyweights like Jeffrey Katzenberg, who snubbed Hillary for Obama in 2008, have already pledged support to make their top dog, according to a report from Variety.
The entertainment news site reports a number of major industry figures have been raising money for Clinton for over two years now, and speculates the drive may be to ensure major supporters find themselves unified this time around.
In an attempt to prevent a possible division within Hollywood's ranks, major Hollywood fundraisers are planning ahead, and fear the absence of organized support could result in the undoing of “all that President Obama has accomplished,” according to Gonring Spahn & Associates firm head Andy Spahn.
“There is both great respect for Hillary and great enthusiasm for their expected candidacy,” Spahn told Variety “The stakes are so high…possible Supreme Court appointments and the threat the Republican agenda poses…”
Spahn's firm represents Katzenberg and Spielberg, as well as other major film figures.
While a candidate of Obama's unique significance is not expected to cause a division this election cycle, Hollywood is not taking chances.
“I don't see any sideline sitting in Hollywood on this one,” a major Southern California fundraiser told the site. “There is a lot of entertainment money coming in there… You will see they are in a giving mood, in a pretty serious way.”
Billionaire and media magnate Haim Saban, a longtime friend of the Clintons, has scheduled a May event for Hillary at their Los Angeles home, which they will attend as they travel for their first official trip to the city as candidate Clinton, according to fundraising sources, as reported by the site.
Saban is a major Democratic Party donor, and has reportedly pledged to contribute “as much as needed” to Clinton's campaign.
As 2008's probable front-runner, Hillary threw their hat in the ring, but Hollywood was quickly polarized after Obama's entrance into the race, and Clinton was soon on the outside looking in.
Seinfeld creator Larry David then described Hillary as “unhinged,” while producer Harvey Weinstein allegedly threatened to cut House Democrats off if then-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi did not agree to a primary revote that could have allowed Hillary to secure added delegates in Florida and Michigan, per Variety.
Funny or Die co-creator Adam McKay said to the site last September that they think their favorability is dependent on “how horrible the Republican candidate is.” They and a few others are apparently in the minority, as stars continue to align to stand behind the former First Lady.
Since their resignation as Secretary of State, Clinton has appeared at numerous major Hollywood events, including the SuperPAC “Ready for Hillary,” which was hosted by producer Howard Gordon and featured live music from Burt Bacharach.
In October Clinton and Katzenberg raised $2.1 million for Senate candidates in Brentwood, CA
On Thursday, it was reported that a source close to Hillary confirmed that they will officially announce their 2016 presidential bid this weekend, on Saturday or Sunday.”
Last week, actor Robert De Niro spoke of a Clinton White House bid, and said they have “earned the right” to become President:
“Hopefully it will be her, yes,” said De Niro. “I think that she's paid them dues. There are going to be no surprises, and they have earned the right to be president and the head of the country at this point. It's that simple. And she's a woman, which is very important because their take on things may be what we need right now.”
Despite Hollywood's apparent overwhelming support for Hillary, other stars are staunch in their support for Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, who currently has no plans to enter the race.
A group called “Artists for Warren,” which is made up of more than 90 performers, has urged the lawmaker to make a bid for the White House.
“Senator Warren, we're ready to show you that you have the support needed to enter this presidential race,” the group said in a message.
“Artists for Warren” includes Susan Sarandon, Olivia Wilde, Edward Norton, Mark Ruffalo, Michael Moore, Chloe Sevigny, Julia Stiles and Natasha Lyonne, among others.
The sound of a cough helped investigators track down and kill the convict, and authorities believe they could soon catch their fellow escapee, David Sweat
New York prison break convict Richard Matt shot and killed by police Read more
A bullet hole in a camper, the smells of gunpowder and gin and a few coughs from the brush led investigators to an escaped prisoner in New York on Friday, and to a fatal confrontation that gave new urgency to the attempt to find their fellow escapee.
Richard Matt, 49, was shot dead by a Border Patrol agent. On Saturday their fellow escapee, 35-year-old David Sweat, remained at large.
Helicopters, search dogs and hundreds of state and federal law enforcement officers converged on forests, hills and fields in an area about 30 miles away from the Clinton Correctional Facility, from which Matt and Sweat escaped three weeks ago. On Saturday, for the first time in weeks, investigators expressed optimism that the remaining convict was cornered.
On Friday authorities closed in on Matt after a week of slim leads tightened the search like a noose. Last week, police found DNA matching one of the convicts in a burglarized cabin in nearby Mountain View, only a few dozen miles from the prison town of Dannemora.
Around the same time, a hunter handed police a photograph caught by a trail camera: Matt and Sweat in the woods, the former with a shotgun in hand, unnamed law enforcement sources told the Daily Beast.
On Friday morning, investigators found candy wrappers and scraps of food in a camp, state police superintendent Joseph D'Amico said.
That afternoon, a man driving their RV heard what they thought was a tire going flat as they drove near the town of Malone. They called 911 when they found a bullet hole in the back of their recreational vehicle, police said.
Searching in the densely wooded area near Route 30, police cordoned off roads and scanned the forest with dogs. Around this time they got a second tip, distinguished from the hundreds of others by its proximity to the gunshot.
Mindful of police warnings to keep an eye on cabins in the region, another local had checked in on their hunting cabin, a friend told the Associated Press.
Inside, they smelled grape-flavored gin – and saw the bottle on their kitchen table, out of place from where it had stood untouched for years. They called police, who suspected that someone had fled through the cabin's back door. They then caught the whiff of a recently discharged weapon.
A team from Border Patrol investigated, D'Amico said, adding: “As we were doing the ground search in the area, there was movement detected by officers on the ground.”
The movement was followed by what sounded like coughs – “so they knew that they were dealing with humans as opposed to wildlife,” D'Amico said.
The officers found Matt in the woods, D'Amico said, and “verbally challenged him, told them to put up their hands”. D'Amico said Matt turned, a 20-gauge shotgun in hand, and “was shot when they didn't comply”.
Matt said nothing and did not fire at the officers, D'Amico said, and died not long afterward. They recovered the shotgun, and found two sets of footprints in the area.
“There's no indication that Sweat wasn't with Matt,” D'Amico said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A corrections officer holds a gun at a roadblock in Malone, New York. Photograph: Mike Groll/AP
But Sweat remained at large, likely increasingly desperate. On Friday they were described as a “dangerous, dangerous” man by New York governor Andrew Cuomo.
D'Amico said they still hoped to capture Sweat alive, and said: “We are going to continue to use the same tactics over the past few weeks, which is to search 24 hours a day until we find him.”
They admitted that there have been no live sightings of Sweat, but the sheer concentration of officers in the area near Lake Titus and Elephant Head suggested a newfound conviction in the search.
Helicopters hovered with floodlights, police vans clustered on roads, and heavily armed teams with dogs methodically pushed into the woods. A spokesperson for state police said that about 1,100 officers were involved in the hunt.
Police major Charles Guess said at a briefing that the search had shifted north after investigators found refuse left behind by Matt and Sweat, and that they suspected the pair had been trying to make it to the Canadian border some 70 miles away.
Although authorities said they would have preferred to take Matt alive, none expressed grief at their death.
“You never want to see anyone lose their lives,” Cuomo said, “but I would remind people that Mr Matt was an escaped murderer from a state prison. Mr Matt killed two people who we know about.”
Matt was serving 25 years to life for the murder and dismemberment of their former employer, and had served a sentence in Mexico for the murder of a man there. Sweat was serving a life sentence for shooting a police officer dead.
Matt's half-brother, Wayne Schimpf, said they were relieved that the relative who had once threatened to kill them over a car was dead.
“I was in a way hoping this was the outcome,” they told ABC's Buffalo affiliate WKBW. “Thank God this can finally end for me and my family. The next thought was: ‘That's my brother.'”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Inmate David Sweat, 35, is seen in a picture taken in May 2015. Photograph: Reuters
The convicts executed an elaborate and unlikely escape from the maximum security prison on 6 June, drilling and sawing their way to freedom through a manhole in the town outside the prison, and leaving behind a sticky note for investigators that read: “Have a nice day!”
Two prison employees have been arrested and charged with helping the pair escape. Joyce Mitchell, a 51-year-old civilian who worked in the tailor shop, was apparently wooed by one or both men, and allegedly planned to act as their getaway driver before they panicked on the night of the escape. Mitchell is charged with smuggling them hacksaw blades and other tools to access the prison bowels behind their cells.
Mitchell's husband, Lyle, said that they told them Matt and Sweat had planned to kill them if necessary.
Last week authorities also arrested Gene Palmer, a 57-year-old corrections officer, and charged them with promoting prison contraband for having brought tools to Matt and Sweat, and for providing them access to a catwalk at the jail. Palmer has said they did not know that Matt and Sweat were planning to escape.
Matt and Sweat lived on the “honor block” of the prison, and may have participated not only in the tailor shop but with maintenance crews that would have had access to tools and back areas of the prison.
Mr. Cordray and the bureau have been doing what President Trump pledged to do in the campaign: protecting Americans from a system that has “robbed our working class.” So why would they want to fire Mr. Cordray? For one, Mr. Trump, despite their populist claims, has promised to dismantle the Dodd-Frank law, with the consumer bureau arguably the law's most visible accomplishment. Second, the move may be part of a bigger power play.
Mr. Cordray is not the only agency head with statutory protections from removal at will by the president. The heads of the Office of Special Counsel, the Social Security Administration, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Federal Reserve, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Consumer Product Safety Commission and other agencies are also shielded. Such protection is intended to insulate independent agencies from political interference.
But even if the full appeals court, which is hearing the case, rules that the president cannot fire Mr. Cordray at will, its decision could be appealed to the Supreme Court. The result could be a ruling that, if applied broadly, weakens the independence of agencies across the government.
The arguments against the bureau and Mr. Cordray are weak. But the political forces aligned against them are not.
US criticises Kremlin's arming of rebels and Hillary Clinton says 'Putin has gone too far' after 298 die in missile strike
The US has pointedly criticised Russian arming of rebels in Ukraine as the world demanded answers over the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 by a suspected Russian-made missile, resulting in the death of all 298 people on board the civilian airliner.
The White House stopped short of directly blaming Russia for the plane's destruction but linked its remarks on the disaster to the Kremlin's support for separatists in Ukraine, urging Vladimir Putin's government to stop inflaming the situation in the country and take "concrete steps" towards de-escalation.
The huge loss of life threatens to have wide-ranging and unpredictable consequences, coming just after the US imposed further sanctions on Russia for continuing to provide weapons to the rebels.
The former US secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, made some of the most potent remarks in a television interview, saying there were strong indications Russian-backed militia were to blame and action was needed to "put [Vladimir] Putin on notice that they have gone too far and we are not going to stand idly by".
Clinton called for the EU to increase sanctions on Russia, while the Australian prime minister Tony Abbott demanded that Russia explain the disaster as it “now seems certain it's been brought down by a Russian-supplied surface-to-air missile”.
The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, said it was too soon to make a decision on tougher sanctions. "The events with the plane, as far as I remember, were not even 24 hours ago and at the moment we need to sort out an independent investigation."
There were 173 Dutch nationals on board the plane, along with 44 Malaysians, 27 Australians, 12 Indonesians, nine passengers believed to be from the UK, four each from Germany and Belgium, three from the Philippines, one Canadian and one from New Zealand. The nationalities of 20 passengers have not yet been verified. A group of international HIV/Aids experts flying to Melbourne were among those killed.
The British foreign secretary, Philip Hammond, said: "We are working through passenger data, cross-checking it and referencing it to establish exactly the numbers and identities of those British nationals."
The Malaysian prime minister, Najib Razak, said the news marked “a tragic day in what has already been a tragic year for Malaysia”, referring to the earlier disappearance without a trace of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370. They said those responsible for tragedy the must be held responsible.
Flags were lowered to half-mast in the Netherlands and Australia.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Dutch flag at half-mast at Schiphol airport Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
Kiev and Moscow have blamed each other for the disaster.
Putin ordered Russian military and civilian agencies to co-operate with any investigation but, according to a Kremlin statement, said the "state over whose territory this occurred bears responsibility for this awful tragedy."
The Ukrainian foreign minister, Pavlo Klimkin, said on Friday there was no chance the missile was of Ukrainian military origin. They said the Ukrainian army did not have such missiles in the area, and said none had been seized by separatist fighters in recent weeks.
The jet was flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur on Thursday when it was blown apart and fell in a shower of fiery wreckage over the village of Grabovo, part of the area controlled by pro-Russia separatists.
The Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) said on Friday that separatists had agreed to provide assistance to those investigating the crash of the plane and would ensure safe access for international experts visiting the site.
Defence and security experts said the Russian-made Buk surface-to-air missile system, known to be in the hands of pro-Russia fighters in Ukraine, was most likely used.
The US vice-president, Joe Biden, said the plane appeared to have been "blown out of the sky", while the Ukrainian security services released an audio recording said to be rebel commanders discussing the fact that their forces were responsible with Russian officers.
The UN security council it is to meet on Friday as calls mount for an international response. “There is clearly a need for a full, transparent and international investigation,” said the UN secretary general, Ban Ki-Moon, sending their condolences to the victims' families.
A Malaysian mother reacts after seeing their daughter's name on the list of passengers on board Malaysia Airlines MH17. Photograph: Edgar Su/Reuters
In Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia's transport minister Liow Tiong Lai stressed that MH17 was following "the right route on the right path" amid a barrage of questions from local and foreign reporters as to why Malaysia Airlines would have chosen to fly over a war zone. Qantas, the Australian carrier, said it had been steering clear of the area by 400 nautical miles for several months.
"It is many years that we have taken the same route and many other countries take the same route," they said. They stressed that some 15 of 16 Asia-Pacific Airlines fly "this route over Ukraine" and added: "European airlines also use the same route, and traverse the same airspace. In the hours before the incident, a number of other passenger aircraft from different carriers used the same route."
They also said that there had been "no last-minute instructions" given to the pilots to change the route.
The European air traffic control body, Eurocontrol, said Ukrainian authorities had banned aircraft from flying at 32,000ft or below and the doomed aircraft had been cruising above that, at 33,000ft – however this apparently still left it within range of the sophisticated surface-to-air weaponry that pro-Russia forces have been using recently to target Ukrainian military aircraft. All civilian flights have now been barred from eastern Ukraine.
The field next to the tiny hamlet was a scene of charred earth and twisted metal as shocked local people milled around the scene. Body parts belonging to the 298 on board were strewn around. The body of what appeared to be a young woman had been flung about 500m from the centre of the crash.
US government officials confirmed to media outlets that a surface-to-air missile brought down the plane. US intelligence was reportedly still working to determine the exact location from which the missile was fired, and whether it was on the Russian or the Ukrainian side of the border.
Rebels in the self-declared Donetsk and Luhansk people's republics have shot down several Ukrainian planes and helicopters in recent weeks. But they insisted they had no part in the downing of MH17, claiming instead that Ukrainian fire was responsible.
Ukraine's SBU security services released a recording, which could not immediately be verified, of what it said were rebel commanders saying they had shot down a plane and then discovering with horror it had been a civilian jet.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ukraine security services recording said to reveal pro-Russia separatists admitting they shot down plane.
On the ground in Grabovo a strong smell of aviation fuel and burnt rubber hung in the air as dozens of pro-Russian separatist fighters milled around the area in which workers from the emergency services were sifting through the wreckage. A dozen fire engines were on the scene.
One local resident, Alexander, had been working in a field a few hundred metres from the crash site and thought the aircraft was going to fall on top of him. Another farmer said they were on their tractor when they heard a loud bang. "Then I saw the plane hit the ground and break in two – there was thick black smoke," they said.
In a conflict that has not been short of dreadful twists, this was by far the most shocking and most gruesome to date. The 298 people on board MH17 had no connection to the fighting – their international flight was simply travelling through airspace above the battle zone.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Malaysia Airlines announces the nationalities of those on board flight MH17.
Throughout the Ukraine conflict the versions of violent incidents provided by Kiev and the Donetsk rebels have diverged wildly, with each side blaming the other for loss of life and the shelling of residential areas.
Now, with such a huge and unexpected loss of life, the stakes are immeasurably higher, and both sides again rushed to claim the other was at fault.
Those blaming pro-Russia rebels for the attack pointed to a post on a social media site attributed to a top rebel commander which claimed to have downed a Ukrainian transport plane around the same time as the first reports of MH17's disappearance surfaced. The post was later deleted.
The US and EU have heavily criticised Russia for providing the separatists in eastern Ukraine with logistical and military support, leading to a new set of White House sanctions against Russian companies, introduced on Wednesday, as rhetoric coming out of both Washington and Moscow has led to talk of a new cold war. Vladimir Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told the Guardian that any allegations of Russian involvement in the MH17 crash were "stupidity".
They said the Kremlin would not make a further statement because "no one knows" who is responsible.
Asked about the possibility of further US sanctions, Peskov said they could not rule it out: "The United States has recently been conducting a very nonconstructive policy and their actions are very unpredictable," they said.
Putin, who on Thursday returned to Russia from a summit of the Brics nations in Brazil, informed Barack Obama about the incident.
"The Russian leader informed the US president of the report from air traffic controllers that the Malaysian plane had crashed on Ukrainian territory, which had arrived immediately before the phone call," said a statement released by the Kremlin.
According to the statement, the pair spent most of the conversation discussing the deterioration of US-Russian relations, and Putin expressed their "serious disappointment" over the latest round of US sanctions against Russian companies.
Later Putin chaired a meeting on the Russian economy which began with a minute's silence and laid the blame for the crash at Ukraine's door: "There is no doubt that the nation over whose airspace this happened bears responsibility for the terrible tragedy," they said.
David Cameron, the British prime minister, tweeted: "I'm shocked and saddened by the Malaysian air disaster. Officials from across Whitehall are meeting to establish the facts."
The crash came four months after another Malaysia Airlines flight, MH370, vanished on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people on board, two-thirds of them Chinese citizens. It has yet to be found despite a huge search.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ukrainian president says shooting down of plane is a warning for the world on Russian aggression.
Igor Sutyagin, a Russian military specialist at the London-based Royal United Services Institute, agreed that the plane would almost certainly have been shot with a Buk, a vehicle-mounted missile system first developed in the Soviet era. The Malaysian aircraft,was beyond the range of Manpads – shoulder-launched missiles. Kalashnikov-carrying Russian sympathisers in Ukraine would not have had the expertise to fire them and would have needed either specialists who had "volunteered" their services from Russia or locally recruited specialists, they said, noting that the rebels had been firing at Ukrainian aircraft over the last week.
The Associated Press said one of its journalists had seen a similar launcher near the town of Snizhne earlier on Thursday.
Russia's state-owned Channel One avoided speculation of who might have been behind the plane crash in its first bulletins on the subject, while the Kremlin-friendly Life News, whose reporters were first on the scene, said it was likely to have been brought down by Ukrainian fire, claiming that the rebels did not have any missile systems with the capacity to down a plane at that altitude.
However a report on the website of Russian state television from late June described how the rebels in Donetsk had taken control of a Ukrainian missile defence facility that was equipped with Buk systems. The report said that the rebels planned to "defend the sky over Donetsk" using the missiles.
On Thursday afternoon a social media site attributed to Igor Strelkov, a Russian citizen who has emerged as the commander of rebel forces in Donetsk, announced that the rebels had shot down an An-26 Ukrainian transport plane, and also that there was "information about a second plane". The post was later removed.
Audio was circulated on social media, apparently released by Ukrainian security services, purporting to be an intercepted conversation of pro-Russia rebels confirming they had shot down a civilian jet.
The conversation is apparently between a group leader and their superior and suggests that they initially thought they had brought down a military aircraft but later realised their error.
The group leader, "Demon", tells their boss: "A plane has just been shot down. [It was] 'Miner's' group. It crashed outside Enakievo. Our men went to search for and photograph it. It's smouldering."
After their men apparently inspect the crash site, Demon reports back. "Cossacks from the Chernunkhino checkpoint shot down the plane. The plane disintegrated in mid-air … they found the first body. It's a civilian."
They carry on: "I mean. It's definitely a civilian aircraft."
Their superior, nicknamed "Greek", asks him: "Were there many people?"
Demon replies: "A fuckton. The debris rained right into the yards."
Greek asks: "What's the aircraft?" and is told: "I haven't figured it out yet. I haven't reached the main section. I only looked at where the bodies began to fall. There are remains of chair mounts, the chairs, the bodies."
Greek asks: "Any weapons there?" and Demon says: "None at all. Civilian things, medical stuff, towels, toilet paper." "Any documents?" asks Greek, and Demon, perhaps realising what has just happened, replies: "Yes, an Indonesian student from Thomson university [in the US]."
Additional reporting by Tania Branigan in Beijing, Ewen MacAskill in London, Paul Lewis in Washington and Warren Murray of Guardian Australia
No president has ever abolished a national monument designated by a predecessor. President Trump may try to change that.
Ryan Zinke, the secretary of the interior, is reviewing 27 national monuments to determine if previous administrations exceeded their authority in setting aside craggy vistas, ancient cliff dwellings and other large tracts of land for protection.  They are expected to recommend that some be scaled back, or perhaps eliminated entirely and transferred to state ownership.
Democrats and environmental activists see the review as part of a broad effort within the Trump administration to unravel the conservation legacy of President Barack Obama, who under the 1906 Antiquities Act put more land and water under federal protection than any other president. Yet Mr. Zinke's study, due by Aug. 24, stretches back 21 years to include other national monuments that remain a source of acrimony, particularly in the West.
Not all of the monuments are truly in the administration's cross hairs, and Mr. Zinke has already declared some of them safe from changes. While any of the others could be altered, critics and supporters of the review say only a handful face significant scrutiny. Here are some of the big ones to watch.
Toadstools Trail in Utah's Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument. Education Images/UIG via Getty Images
UTAH
Grand Staircase-Escalante
1.88 million acres | Designated by Bill Clinton, 1996
It's no accident that the Antiquities Act review goes back to 1996. That's when President Bill Clinton, standing on the south rim of the Grand Canyon with the actor Robert Redford by their side, declared the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah. The announcement took state leaders by surprise. Angered that Washington had ignored local views and quashed a proposed coal mine that had promised hundreds of jobs, residents in the neighboring town of Kanab flew flags at half-staff. Two decades later, opponents are still seeking ways to shrink the monument.
Republicans and other critics have long charged that the 1.9 million-acre monument closes off many areas to development, particularly the coal reserves along the Kaiparowits Plateau in Garfield and Kane counties. Meanwhile, park managers say that Grand Staircase-Escalante has never been adequately funded or staffed to support its original scientific mission.
When Mr. Zinke visited in May, they declined to say if mineral resources would play a role in deciding whether to rescind or shrink the monument designation. “Monuments should never be put in a position to prevent rather than protect, and the president is pro-energy across the board,” they told the St. George News.
LeftTop: The Bears Ears National Monument in southeastern Utah. RightBottom: Ancient granaries, part of the House on Fire ruins in Bears Ears. Francisco Kjolseth/The Salt Lake Tribune, via Associated Press; George Frey/Getty Images
UTAH
Bears Ears
1.35 million acres | Designated by Barack Obama, 2016
Hailed by environmentalists and Native American groups, pilloried by conservatives and many local residents, Bears Ears National Monument has become the poster child for the fight over Mr. Obama's preservation agenda.
Mr. Zinke has already vowed major changes to this vast expanse of Utah sandstone and red rocks that Mr. Obama designated for protection, along with 300,000 acres of land in Nevada as Gold Butte National Monument, in the waning days of their administration.
Native American groups, for whom the rock formations and canyons are considered sacred ground, have fought to maintain the monument, arguing that archaeological sites have been defaced and that burial sites have been looted. But Utah's political leaders denounced the decision. Senator Orrin G. Hatch, a Republican, called it an “egregious abuse of executive powers.”
In a preliminary report unveiled in June, Mr. Zinke recommended shrinking Bears Ears' borders by identifying and separating “areas that have significant objects to be protected.” The early move has already prompted outrage from outdoor recreation companies like Patagonia and REI, and spurred the Outdoor Industry Association to pull their annual trade show out of Utah. They and others have vowed to go to court to fight any proposed changes to the monument.
Workers install a sign at the Organ Mountain-Desert Peaks National Monument in Las Cruces, N.M., in March 2015. Jett Loe/Las Cruces Sun-News via Associated Press
N.M.
Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks
496,330 acres | Designated by Barack Obama, 2014
When Mr. Zinke flew by helicopter in July over the jagged Organ Mountains in southern New Mexico, they proclaimed the beauty of the monument, though they described it as “a little disconnected.”
“The boundaries are difficult to discern — between private, public, state lands,” they said at a news conference.
Mr. Zinke has pledged to remain open-minded about the review. But environmentalists at the Natural Resources Defense Council and the Center for Biological Diversity are concerned that the large Western monument designated by the Obama administration could be altered.
In designating Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks, Mr. Obama claimed the monument would spur $7.4 million in new economic activity. Ranchers, however, have worried that the monument will hurt their business. They also argue Mr. Obama did not follow the spirit of the Antiquities Act, which calls for protected lands to be “confined to the smallest area compatible with proper care and management.”
A rain storm passing over Mt. Katahdin in the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument in northern Maine. Robert F. Bukaty/Associated Press
Me.
Katahdin Woods and Waters
87,563 acres | Designated by Barack Obama, 2016
The governor of Maine has denounced this sweeping monument in forestland that once was the heart of large-scale logging operations in the state.
Mr. Obama designated the monument in Maine's North Woods in August 2016 on land donated by Roxanne Quimby, a co-founder of Burt's Bees cosmetics. The announcement came a day after a nonprofit foundation run by Ms. Quimby, a longtime conservationist, transferred the land to federal ownership and pledged a $40 million endowment.
Gov. Paul R. LePage, a Republican, has called the monument an “ego play” by Ms. Quimby, dismissed the protected land as a “mosquito area” that won't attract tourists, and claimed that closing off the area to timber harvesting hurts the state's economy.
Mr. Zinke toured the area in June. They said they were “comfortable” with the land remaining public, according to The Associated Press. “I'm confident there's a path forward here that will work,” Mr. Zinke said.
LeftTop: Sea turtles on Turtle at Midway Atoll in the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument. RightBottom: Landing at Henderson Field, Midway Atoll. Saul Loeb/Agence France-Presse/Getty Images; Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
Expansion Original HAWAII
Papahanaumokuakea
89.5 million acres | Designated by George W. Bush, 2006
283.4 million acres | Added by Barack Obama, 2016
President George W. Bush created the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument (pronounced “Papa-ha-now-moh-koo-ah-kay-ah”) off Hawaii in 2006. Last year, Mr. Obama quadrupled it.
Now the ocean reserve more than twice the size of Texas is the largest protected area anywhere on Earth. Commercial fishing of tuna and other species is prohibited, though recreational fishing is allowed with a permit. New mining and oil and gas drilling are also forbidden.
Scientists and environmentalists hailed the decision as critical to helping the diverse ecosystem withstand the threat of climate change. “The oceans are the untold story when it comes to climate change, and we have to feel a sense of urgency when it comes to protecting the ocean that sustains us,” said Senator Brian Schatz, Democrat of Hawaii, who proposed the monument.
But the decision wasn't without detractors. The Western Pacific Regional Fishery Management Council, a quasi-government agency that helps manage fisheries in the Pacific Islands, opposed the monument, arguing that Hawaii's fishermen are already being hurt by the protections because they now must fish in the high seas in competition with other countries.
Republicans in Washington argue that the Antiquities Act was designed to protect “lands,” not waters. Representative Rob Bishop, Republican of Utah and chairperson of the House Natural Resources Committee, called the monument “unjustified.”
All National Monuments Under Review Land Monument Marine Monument Name Location Established/expanded Current size (acres) Ironwood Forest Arizona 2000 128.9k Sonoran Desert Arizona 2001 486.1k Vermilion Cliffs Arizona 2000 279.6k Berryessa Snow Mountain California 2015 330.8k Carrizo Plain California 2001 204.1k Giant Sequoia California 2000 327.8k Mojave Trails California 2016 1.6m San Gabriel Mountains California 2014 346.2k Katahdin Woods and Waters Maine 2016 87.6k Basin and Range Nevada 2015 703.6k Gold Butte Nevada 2016 296.9k Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks New Mexico 2014 496.3k Rio Grande del Norte New Mexico 2013 242.6k Cascade Siskiyou Oregon/California 2000/2017 112.0k Bears Ears Utah 2016 1.4m Grand Staircase-Escalante Utah 1996 1.9m Rose Atoll Pacific Ocean (Amer. Samoa) 2009 8.6m Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Atlantic Ocean 2016 3.1m Marianas Trench Pacific Ocean (N. Mariana Isl.) 2009 60.9m Pacific Remote Islands Pacific Ocean 2009/2014 316.9m Papahanaumokuakea Pacific Ocean (Hawaii) 2006/2016 372.8m Ironwood Forest, Arizona Established: 2000 | Current size: 128.9k acres Sonoran Desert, Arizona Established: 2001 | Current size: 486.1k acres Vermilion Cliffs, Arizona Established: 2000 | Current size: 279.6k acres Berryessa Snow Mountain, California Established: 2015 | Current size: 330.8k acres Carrizo Plain, California Established: 2001 | Current size: 204.1k acres Giant Sequoia, California Established: 2000 | Current size: 327.8k acres Mojave Trails, California Established: 2016 | Current size: 1.6m acres San Gabriel Mountains, California Established: 2014 | Current size: 346.2k acres Katahdin Woods and Waters, Maine Established: 2016 | Current size: 87.6k acres Basin and Range, Nevada Established: 2015 | Current size: 703.6k acres Gold Butte, Nevada Established: 2016 | Current size: 296.9k acres Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks, New Mexico Established: 2014 | Current size: 496.3k acres Rio Grande del Norte, New Mexico Established: 2013 | Current size: 242.6k acres Cascade Siskiyou, Oregon/California Established/Enlarged: 2000/2017 | Current size: 112.0k acres Bears Ears, Utah Established: 2016 | Current size: 1.4m acres Grand Staircase-Escalante, Utah Established: 1996 | Current size: 1.9m acres Rose Atoll, Pacific Ocean (Amer. Samoa) Established: 2009 | Current size: 8.6m acres Northeast Canyons and Seamounts, Atlantic Ocean Established: 2016 | Current size: 3.1m acres Marianas Trench, Pacific Ocean (N. Mariana Isl.) Established: 2009 | Current size: 60.9m acres Pacific Remote Islands, Pacific Ocean Established/Enlarged: 2009/2014 | Current size: 316.9m acres Papahanaumokuakea, Pacific Ocean (Hawaii) Established/Enlarged: 2006/2016 | Current size: 372.8m acres
No Longer Under Review, No Changes Recommended Name Location Established/expanded Current size (acres) Grand Canyon-Parashant Arizona 2000 1.0m Sand to Snow California 2016 154.0k Canyons of the Ancients Colorado 2000 178.0k Craters of the Moon Idaho 1924/2000 737.5k Upper Missouri River Breaks Montana 2001 377.3k Hanford Reach Washington 2000 194.5k Grand Canyon-Parashant, Arizona Established: 2000 | Current size: 1.0m acres Sand to Snow, California Established: 2016 | Current size: 154.0k acres Canyons of the Ancients, Colorado Established: 2000 | Current size: 178.0k acres Craters of the Moon, Idaho Established/Enlarged: 1924/2000 | Current size: 737.5k acres Upper Missouri River Breaks, Montana Established: 2001 | Current size: 377.3k acres Hanford Reach, Washington Established: 2000 | Current size: 194.5k acres
No matter what Mr. Zinke's review finds, changes to federal monuments are not imminent. Environmental groups have vowed to sue if President Trump tries to eradicate or reduce protected lands.
They say they are not heartened that Mr. Zinke has declared a handful of monuments safe from changes. “These pardons have been so random,” said Jenny Rowland, a public lands research manager for the Center for American Progress, a liberal advocacy group.
The Interior Department did not respond to requests for comment.
No president has reduced the size of a federal monument since 1963, when President John F. Kennedy revised the boundaries of the Bandelier National Monument in New Mexico. Scholars are split over whether the Antiquities Act even allows a president to do so, or whether Congress has the sole power to undo a designation.
Todd F. Gaziano, a senior fellow in constitutional law at the Pacific Legal Foundation, a group that advocates for limited government, has said environmental groups are engaged in “magical thinking” when they argue that a president cannot revoke a designation. “There is no court case that holds the president doesn't have significant reduction authority,” they said.
The Interior Department has received more than 1.4 million public comments, which several outside organizations have said swung overwhelmingly toward preserving the national monuments.
Crude is less than $1 dollar from where it was before Obama made the controversial decision to tap the strategic reserves. Click chart for more on oil prices.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Oil prices have surged in the last few days and are now less than a dollar from where they were when President Obama made the controversial decision to tap the nation's strategic reserve last Thursday.
On Thursday, West Texas Intermediate crude edged lower to $94.27 a barrel. But that's still nearly $5 higher than last week, when prices fell over 4% following the oil release announcement.
Oil's stubborn refusal to trend lower since the United States and other industrialized nations announced they would flood the oil market with 60 million barrels of fuel over the next 30 days is raising questions over what's driving the market -- fundamentals or pure speculation?
Falling dollar: The more conventional theory is that oil's rise is related to the fundamentals -- or, at least, the falling dollar.
The dollar has fallen relative to the euro in the last two days as Greece looks less likely to default on its debt.
Oil, which is priced in dollars, generally rises as investors flock to the commodity when the euro strengthens and dollar's value falls.
"Oil is not up all that much more than the dollar is down," said Greg Priddy, a global energy analyst at the Eurasia group, a political risk consultancy.
Priddy said that if the oil reserves weren't tapped, oil prices would simply be higher. Rather than bouncing back to around their pre-SPR price, they said oil would be $4 or $5 dollars higher than that.
Speculator irrationality at it again: There's another view as to why prices have rebounded so quickly. The sheer amount of investor money flooding into commodities markets is overshadowing any supply and demand numbers.
The amount of oil contracts that 60 million barrels generates is tiny compared to the amount of oil contracts that are traded on the world's financial markets every day, said Tim Evans, a futures analyst at Citigroup.
"The futures and options markets trades that in an hour," said Evans. "The only fundamentals that matter are the ones that the paper market decides that matter."
Evans noted that oil prices jumped 2% Wednesday, partly on the back of a report showing a 4.4 million barrel drop in U.S. commercial oil inventories.
"The market is saying that a 4.4 million barrel decline is more important than 60 million barrels being released," they said, also noting that Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states have agreed boost production by an additional 1 million barrels a day.
"I'm not saying anyone in particular is that bad at math, but that's the implied logic of the marketplace, and it's not rational."
Calling Obama's bluff: There's a third view as to why oil prices are right back to where they were before the release. There's a sinking feeling that at some point the governments that released the oil will probably buy it back.
Paul Horsnell, head of commodities research at Barclays Capital, noted that prices for oil contracts several months out in advance have risen even more than the near month contracts.
"The release is primarily a way of borrowing oil from the future into the present because the strategic reserves will ultimately be replaced," Horsnell wrote in a research note Wednesday. "Overall, we see the IEA action as being well motivated, but a shot in the dark."
The Obama administration argued all along that the release was meant to alleviate a supply disruption from Libya, not lower prices.
From a political standpoint, the administration is still in the clear: Gas prices -- what people really care about -- are continuing to fall from the nearly $4 a gallon mark hit in early May.
Gas prices usually lag oil price movements. They are still reacting to oil's general downward trend from over $110 a barrel hit a few months ago.
But going into a holiday weekend, it must be cold comfort for the administration to see oil prices right about back where they were before the SPR move.
Yikes! 15,000 Crocodiles Escape Farm In South Africa, Area Evacuated
Enlarge this image toggle caption Warren Little/Getty Images Warren Little/Getty Images
As flood waters rose Sunday, a South African crocodile farmer near the border with Botswana was forced to open their gates to prevent a storm surge from destroying the property.
And, no, this isn't the plot of some horror flick:
About 15,000 crocodiles escaped, according to the local newspaper, Beeld.
The Guardian writes that "although 'a few thousand' have since been recaptured, including one at a school rugby ground 75 miles away, more than half of the reptiles are still at large."
One family, according to the BBC, had to be rescued from their flooded home as "crocodiles were swimming around them."
The Guardian adds that "animal safety experts warned the public to stay indoors and away from the crocodiles." Which sounds wise to us.
While the crocodiles presumably vary in size, photos posted on the farm's website show that some are quite big — including at least one that's more than 18 feet long. The Rakwena Crocodile Farm's curio shop boasts "a wide variety of crocodile leather belts, hats, purses and rifle slings." Also, "light lunches can be booked and tasty crocodile meat dishes are available."
One more kind of creepy note: Beeld says most of the crocs are being captured at night, when it's easier to see them because their eyes shine red.
Many of the crocodiles, by the way, escaped into the Limpopo River — the "great grey-green, greasy Limpopo River" of Rudyard Kipling's short story The Elephant's Child, in which the "Elephant's Child asked a fine new question. ... 'What does the Crocodile have for dinner?' "
Join KPCC's AirTalk with host Larry Mantle weekdays for lively and in-depth discussions of city news, politics, science, the arts, entertainment, and more. Call-in number: 866-893-5722
A new reality TV show featuring a group of Armenian-Americans living in Glendale has riled critics for its representations of the ethnic group. "Glendale Life," produced by and slated to air locally on USArmenia TV, follows nine young and affluent Armenian-Americans as they go about their lives. The trailer of the series shows the cast partying, clubbing in Hollywood, drinking, and getting plastic surgery, among other things.
Critics of the show say these representations are "degrading for Armenians" and "tasteless," and an online petition has sprung up pressuring USArmenia TV to put the kibosh on the show.
Guest:
Armine Amiryan, spokesperson for USArmenia TV, the Glendale-based Armenian-American TV station behind “Glendale Life”
Carla Yarbrough, Lecturer, Department of Journalism & Mass Communication at Cal State Long Beach, where one of their areas of focus is the representation of ethnic minorities in the media.  They are also a former television producer.
To listen to this segment, click on "Listen Now" in the upper left.
Darren Aronofsky, the Director of Pi (1998), Black Swan (2010) and the upcoming Noah (2014) starring Russell Crow, has teamed with film writer Ari Handel to produce Noah; a new 72-page graphic novel featuring the biblical characters of the Old Testament, and the comic preview to the movie. Most Hollywood talents murder the story of Noah, making them a character of either schizophrenic quality, has no idea the relationship between God and man, or of the cliche prophet who speaks softly, and seems transcendently phony. For further emphasis see Jon Voigt's Noah's Arc (1999), and Charlton Heston's effervescent portrayal of Moses in The Ten Commandments (1956). Attack me if you will, but Heston's Moses is absurdly overacted.
Aronofsky's Noah, however, is a warrior.  They are a hard, but humble man.  They are youthful, with pre-teen children, and one adopted girl. Their world is overrun with the dregs of society; they who stayed behind because of their wickedness when Noah's great-grandfather Enoch and their city were taken into Heaven. Now they are having visions of the great deluge, and of its ultimate consequences.
While Noah of the bible is assured of their destiny, and the destiny of the world, this Noah is not. Their relationship with what they call “the creator” is guesswork at best. Having suffered the wickedness of man, and seen the fulfillment of its sins Noah is not so sure they want to repopulate the world.  They are reluctant to even get started on the arc, until a fantastic miracle spurns them to action.
Throughout the book parts of “The Book of Genesis” are quoted to set the mood. And although many liberties are taken, the story is no less relevant, or less fantastic.
Why I like it: Noah stands on its own as a tightly written story, with transcendent illustrations by Canadian comic book artist Niko Henrichon. The book does not spit on Christian morals every other page. Even the villain, the leader of the remnants named Tubal-Cain is a human character who exhibits traits of the darkest black, and lightest light. Murderous and compassionate.  They are Noah's compliment, more dark than light to Noah's more light than darkness. The environment is surreal yet believable. Immersion in its fantastic concepts is as easy as stepping into a high mountain desert. The arc has no concrete form. The effect is that the sacred vessel remains mysterious and metaphysically appealing amid the madness.
The color palette is fleshy, and cool, communicating an apocalyptic feeling while dancing on our hopes. Throughout the novel the story draws you in, and whips you through the pages. Even as the flood is raging, there is plenty of drama to be had on the inside. And we are left breathless until the very end. And I won't say the end is rosy, or gleeful. It is fitting, and it is human.
Why I don't like it: It exalts the abstaining of meats, and gives the consumption of animals to the wicked. Not all righteous are vegan, and not all meat consumers are evil. Yep. There is a strange race of beings drawn from out of the blue that nevertheless perform their part, and are a representation of the relationship between the divine and humankind. There is an episode of immorality.
Why it doesn't matter whether I like it or not: it's an excellent story. It is not biblical. Understanding that will help the religious look past the quirks and appreciate the vision. Remember we're talking about Darren Aranofsky, who made films like Pi (1998) and Requiem For A Dream (2000). Their ambition in creating worthy works of art is unbounded, and it has proved nothing but a benefit to those of us who consume and appreciate good media. I am looking forward to the film, with open mind, and excitement to see these panels come to life on the big screen March 28th. Be there!
The United States' National Endowment for Democracy has been declared an unwelcome foreign organization on Russian territory, the Russian Prosecutor General's Office announced on July 28.
The United States' National Endowment for Democracy has been declared an unwelcome foreign organization in Russian territory, the Russian Prosecutor General's Office announced on July 28.
"Russian Deputy Prosecutor General Vladimir Malinovsky signed a resolution declaring the National Endowment for Democracy an unwelcome foreign nongovernmental organization (NGO) in Russian territory," the agency said.
The activity of this foreign NGO jeopardizes "the constitutional system, defensive capabilities and security of Russia," it said.
"This decision is based on analysis of the foundation's activities," the spokesperson said.
"Using the potential of its affiliated Russian for-profit and nonprofit organizations, the National Endowment for Democracy participated in efforts at challenging the legitimacy of the outcomes of election campaigns and organizing political rallies aimed at affecting governmental decisions and discrediting service in the Russian Armed Forces," the Prosecutor General's Office said.
To that end, in 2013-2014 the foundation provided Russian for-profit and nonprofit entities with financial aid of around $5.2 million.
The status of an unwelcome organization entails being barred from transactions with financial and other assets and a ban on opening branch offices in Russia, as well as other consequences, the Prosecutor General's Office said.
The decision has been sent to the Russian Justice Ministry, as required by the law, for the organization to be put on the relevant list, it said.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
The World Bank today said that the "adverse effects" of demonetisation in India will disappear in the medium term, saying any reform has short-term costs.
"Any reform has short-term costs but ultimately reforms will bring long-term gains. In the case of India, we expect whatever the adverse effects of these changing of notes to basically disappear in the medium term," Ayhan Kose, Director of Development Prospects Group at the World Bank told reporters during a conference call.
In its latest report, the World Bank revised its estimates of India's growth rate in 2016-17 fiscal year from previous projection of 7.6 per cent to seven per cent.
But, Kose said the World Bank is expecting growth picking up over the period FY18 and FY19, supported by private consumption, infrastructure spending, and a rebound in investment growth.
"So, India has already undertaken a wide range of reforms. These reforms we are expecting loosened domestic supply bottlenecks and increased productivity and, in the coming years, moderate inflation and civil service pay raise should continue to support real incomes and consumption," they said in response to a question.
The World Bank expects private investment to accelerate as firms and banks undertake the necessary measures and the effects of important structural reforms start being felt.
"India is a cash-intensive economy. We know that. The cash accounts for over 80 per cent of the transactions, almost two-thirds of the value of all transactions. There have been questions over whether the Reserve Bank of India has printed sufficient new currency to replace the old ones, with disruptions, of course, affecting rural areas and urban poor," Kose said in response to another question.
"But having said all of this, we expect the growth to increase in 2017, after this brief period associated with the change in notes. And the effects of this change in notes are expected to weigh in, in the medium term, with growth, as I mentioned, picking up momentum in FY18-FY19, supported by private consumption, infrastructure spending, and a rebound in private investment," they said.
Kose said the Indian Government has made a decision and implemented this decision swiftly with the objective that this could help reduce informal--the size of the informal economy.
"Whenever these types of policy changes are implemented, they have effects during the transition. The part of the reason the government implemented the scheme was to curb corruption, tax evasion, and counterfeiting. If that were expected, that by broadening the tax base, revenues will eventually go up, besides reducing the size of the informal economy," Kose said.
Life is Feudal: MMO Launching in November
A host of successful Closed Beta Tests for Life is Feudal: MMO is leading to an Open Beta Launch in November! November 17, 2017 is the big day, and players will explore and conquer a realistic medieval world, starting off as lowly peasants. But if you're skillful and resourceful, you can work your way to the “top of the food chain”. Going at it alone is foolish though, and the most successful will be those that team up, form guilds and contribute to this society. Whether you want to be a butcher, baker, candlestick maker, knights or whatever, there's a place for you! Maybe you'll even be king! A realistic medieval awaits those brave enough to undertake it! You can sign up for the beta in the link below.
Life is Feudal: MMO will launch its Open Beta on November 17, 2017 and will come in three different starter packages, available for $29.99USD, $39.99 and $99.99 depending upon content. More info is on the game and the package contents is available on their website.
What do we owe those who are threatened by war and violence? What and how much can we ultimately handle? At what point do we reach limits of what we can endure? Each of these questions is a legitimate one. But if the debate only runs between two poles -- "We can do it" on the one side and "The boat is full" on the other -- then the issue of refugees will split our society. We need an honest discussion about realistic approaches.
The following ascertainments must be part of any honest discussion:
Yes, the vast majority of those coming to Europe are in fact fleeing war zones or regions abutting those war zones.
Yes, we have a large number of refugees from the Western Balkans. They stand no chance of being granted asylum. They must quickly return to their homes.
Yes, despite the unprecedented helpfulness of the Germans and the spectacular work of the communities, we must still do all that we can to ensure that the number of immigrants coming into Germany falls again. Because in the long term, we will not be able to take in and integrate more than a million refugees every year.
Honesty must also include the admission that we will not be able to influence the dynamic of integration solely by means of German domestic policy, and certainly not without the help of Europe. Even then, we will not be able to reverse the trend overnight.
Germany has acted. And now we are taking steps to reduce the burden on states and communities. With our new asylum legislation, we have created national preconditions necessary to provide those in need of protection with the help they need. In doing so, we have not disregarded the rule of law and the fundamental rights guaranteed in our constitution.
European Solutions Needed
It is also clear, however, that we must work persistently and decisively on international, and especially European, solutions so that the pressure on Germany can fall once again. For that to happen, we will need an even greater conviction that national egotism offers no way out but that acting together is useful to everyone.
The decision by the EU to distribute 120,000 refugees across Europe is good, but it does not go far enough. We need a lasting European formula for allocating refugees.
We have functioning European institutions, but they are not set up for the onslaught of refugees currently being experienced. Frontex needs more personnel in order to secure the EU's external borders, and it needs to be expanded to become a European border protection agency. A joint initiative together with Turkey to secure borders along the eastern Mediterranean is also long overdue. With the European asylum support agency EASO, we already have an embryonic European asylum agency. Here, too, we should undertake courageous steps toward integration.
We need to support Greece and Italy with the creation of "European Arrival Centers." Arriving refugees must consistently be registered here and then fairly distributed throughout the EU.
Support for other Countries
But European solutions can only apply if we reach agreements with key countries in the European neighborhood -- Turkey in particular. To this end, the European Commission has proposed an action plan which we need to back by way of further bilateral dialogue on migration.
We must provide support to those countries which have taken in the largest share of refugees. In addition to Turkey, this includes Jordan and Lebanon. With our help, we succeeded in New York in increasing financial assistance to international humanitarian aid organizations by $1.8 billion for refugee relief.
The most important and sustainable task in our foreign policy is to combat the refugee crisis where it is being created. That's why we are using all of our energy to promote political solutions for the major crises and conflict regions in the Middle East and North Africa. This includes talks with Russia, which played a constructive role in the formation of the nuclear deal with Iran. We must prevent a situation in which state structures in Syria either implode or explode for good, leading even more people to head towards Europe.
Above all, though: We will only achieve the understanding and trust we need if we speak honestly about what is truly possible. That is why we need confidence and realism. It is only with confidence that we can mobilize the creative energy of politicians and society needed to take advantage of the major opportunity represented by the integration of these people. And only with realism will we be able to implement our humanitarian goals in practice.
People in our country will only accept our policies on the long term if we avoid overwhelming their willingness to help. And we will only achieve acceptance if the people in our country do not feel neglected and if their very real needs and problems are taken seriously.
We are at a crossroads: between a continent once again divided by tollgates, fences and national egotism. And a continent that has succeeded in finding common answers: with a joint European asylum policy and a coordinated approach to combatting the root causes of this flight. A continent that is honest with itself and tackles this huge challenge with a clear view and with no illusions.
For the final part of my Outlander at ComicCon coverage, I and a group of intrepid reporters got to chat with Ron Moore, the show's executive producer. I had not had a chance to talk with Ron in the past – at the second half premiere in New York, they didn't have time to stop and chat with bloggers. There's so much to ask them that I could have monopolized the entire pressroom roundtable! (but of course, I'm much too polite to do that…) Ron was relaxed, joking with us that it was important to have their name tag with them since we'd have no idea otherwise who they are. He's very passionate about Outlander, and that came through as they chatted.
A subject very close to all of our hearts was the lack of Emmy nominations for this terrific show. I asked Ron about that.
Q The Emmy nominations will be coming out soon (they were out on July 26), and Starz made a big push to have fans tweet out and promote Emmy nominations. Your wife has made no secret of the fact that they don't care for this, they don't think that Emmys mean a lot. What do you think that awards mean to the show or to your career?
A What it means to me is that I like being able to go back to Scotland and say, “you know what, your work matters. The fact that the TV academy recognized you, and your peers…” I like those people and all those different departments, and the cast… they all work very very hard. They all work harder than I do. Trust me. They're out lugging cameras around in the middle of the night in the snow. That's tough. So to be able to go back and say, hey, here's some gold, or here's this recognition, I think it matters for the morale of the show, I think it matters for people to be acknowledged. If you don't get it, ok, it's fine. Battlestar was ignored year after year. We were still very proud of it, and we were like, screw the world! We're known we're doing a great show, and we always felt that way, and it was always really annoying that Edward James Olmos never got a nomination – here's one of the greatest actors, not getting an award, I could not believe that year after year they were ignored, those things are kind of frustrating, you know. I don't think that Terry cares a lot one way or another, but I want them to recognize their work, I think that she's done a fabulous job. The same goes for the cast, and same for the cinematographers, and on and on and on. These people do really good stuff, and I think it would be nice to have that recognition.
And the other reporters at the table asked about the look and feel of the second season, how they keep both fans familiar with the books and those who haven't read them interested and entertained.
Q With so much of Jacobite history being intertwined with religion, was it a conscious decision to downplay Jamie's faith versus Claire's nominal Catholicism?
A No, it wasn't a conscious decision. I think it was just a question of emphasis. We didn't try to play it down, I guess it didn't quite play into the story as much. We just didn't write it, we could have, it wasn't a strategic choice, or a creative choice, it just sort of evolved that way.
Q With the timeline changing in book 2, how difficult was it for you to adapt that and make sure that fans who haven't read the books understand what's going on?
A's a big challenge. The second book is much more complex, it's a more difficult book to adapt, it shifts point of view, plays with time, it's more political, dealing with the Jacobite rebellion, which most people in the country had never heard of, so it's a challenge. We're always trying to play to two audiences – there's the book fans, and then the general audience who have no idea, and we have to play fair with both. Fans are looking forward to certain things, and you want to satisfy that, and at the same time you want to surprise them, you want to catch them off guard, you want to scare them, like “Oh my God, Frank's going up the hill! If they go through time, I'm quitting watching the show!” People across America are losing their minds. That's fantastic. I enjoy that.
Q The teaser, where it was actually Claire's dream –
A Mrs. Fitz?
Q Yeah, exactly.
A Fan of the books should also have discovery, they should be surprised. You want to engage their emotions as well. But then there's the other half of the audience that has no idea what the books are about, so you have to tell them the story clearly, they have to be able to follow along. I always make the comparison to Game of Thrones, I've never read those books, so that TV show has to stand on its own. It has to work for me, and it doesn't matter if that scene is in the book or not, if I don't get it, I'm not engaged any more. So we're always trying to sort of keep both ends of the audience involved.
Q Since Tobias is not here, I'll ask you – how are Tobias and and Laurence (Dobeisz, who will play Jack Randall's younger brother Alex) getting along? Are they trying to mimic Tobias' mannerisms at all?
A don't think they are, actually. We've shot some scenes with him, and we try to stay away from that. In the book, they're so close together that they literally mistake them for Jack from the first season, but … They look pretty close, but I didn't want to play that gag twice. There's no way to really do that. Tobias couldn't play Alex. That would be going too far. He's not trying to pick up any of their tics.
Q Tease some of the new characters we're going to meet this season for those who are not familiar with the books.
A There are several actual historical figures from the books who we'll see for the first time. There's Louis XV (Lionel Lingelser), the Comte de Sainte Germaine (Stanley Weber) is a real historical character who's one of the villains in the show. There's a gentleman named Master Raymond (Dominique Pinon) who owns an apothecary shop in Paris, they meet Claire and he's got some mystical things going on. There's Mother Hildegarde (Frances De La Tour), who's a nun who runs a hospital in Paris, she'll meet Claire in the show. They have a dog, Bouton, who the fans love – trust me, Bouton is in the show. There's a boy named Fergus (Romann Berrux) who becomes very important, especially as the book series goes forward, and he's introduced this year. Bonnie Prince Charlie (Andrew Gower) we'll meet this year, a real historical figure here. I'm sure I'm missing somebody. Those are the key players, I think. Louise de la Tour (Claire Sermonne) is a friend of Claire's in Paris, who plays an important role. Jared (Robert Cavanah), Jamie's cousin, is a new character.
Q Scotland was obviously such a major part of the first season, the culture and everything, it almost became a character in and of itself. For the first half of the second season taking place in France, do you try to mimic that sensation in a way, do the same thing where with Claire and Jamie there's so much discovery and wonder that matches the audience?
A Yeah, we're plunging them into another world. There were no costumes, props or sets that we could use. We had to create a new series for the second season. The audience will go, “wow, this is Outlander?” It doesn't have any of those elements in it other than the three characters who came over. Everyone else is left behind. It's a whole new world, a whole new story, and eventually we get back to Scotland, so we regain a lot of that stuff from Season 1. The rhythm of the scenes is different, the way it's shot is different, the fabrics are different, the color palette is different, even the most basic – candles are different. The heavy, big candles in Castle Leoch are now fine, tapered candelabras. There's a lot of gilt, a lot of fine china and silver, it's just a completely different world.
Q Will the show address the time-traveling aspect and how it affects the future?
A story in season 2 is that they're trying to change history. That's a pretty big deal. Them knowledge of the future helping inform them to figure out a way to stop the Jacobite rebellion, stop the disaster at Culloden, forms the mission statement for season 2. There's not a lot of time travel, like season 1, in the show, but it's still such a key idea that it still propels a lot of the action in terms of what people are doing.
Q Does Claire think about that the future they know might be gone if they succeed in this?
A A little bit. It's tricky. We don't try to pick up too much of – we don't call them different timelines, we don't want to get too far into the science fiction aspect of it, we try to play enough of it so the concept is clear to the audience, but there are definitely some things they worry about that could be changed by their actions in the past, but we try not to get too bogged down into the butterfly effect of this or that, or God knows what now – Europe is taken over by Nazis .
Q Since there are three fewer episodes, was it a challenge to fit as much as possible into the season?
A Definitely. Another three would have helped, but that's just the gig, you know, it's still more episodes than Starz typically shows. I'm fine with it. I knew going in that there's 13. Fortunately, it's the thinnest of the books, not like the next one, that book (Voyager) is a whole different animal.
Q Is there talk of maybe splitting (Voyager) into two seasons?
A've talked about it, but no decisions have been made. I haven't really focused on that yet. I don't have a third season pickup, so I don't have that problem yet. Eventually we'll have to have that discussion. I don't know what the answer is, maybe, maybe not. We've always talked about generally doing a book a season, but these are books that are just big and complicated, but once you do that, ok, are we ever going to get to the end? You start thinking about how many years we're talking about, I don't know. I really don't know the answer to that.
Q The season was split into two, and the key art was decidedly split into the glowing, beautiful hues of Scotland into the grittier, more dangerous, darker, second half. In season 2, the first part is in Paris, and then they return to Scotland. Has the look been decided for it, as far as the look you want to give it?
A Scotland will be a war-torn Scotland, so it'll be a darker, heavier more threatening sort of environment when they story gets back to it. And the Parisian part is much richer, romantic, a different world, we play that different – it's shot different, it has a different mood and feeling to it.
Click each part to see the rest of our coverage:
Part 1: Sam Heughan
Part 2: Caitriona Balfe
Part 3: Diana Gabaldon
Follow me on Twitter: @OutlanderTiBS, @ErinConrad2, @threeifbyspace
Like us on Facebook or subscribe to get instant notice of new posts
Share this interview using our Social Share buttons above!
Just over a week ago I wrote a piece in the Spectator asking if we were on the verge of an anti-Muslim backlash that could spread beyond the strongholds of the aggrieved white working class in Barking and Rochdale and into the home counties. After the gloating videotaped murder of David Haines, a British aid worker, the answer is increasingly likely to be yes.
The Telegraph is carrying a piece by the international affairs analyst Shashank Joshi headed: ‘Where does the Islamic State's fetish with beheading people come from?' They begin: ‘Of course, the practice of beheading is invoked in the Koran, but only the most extreme Islamic militants carry it out in the modern day.'
Really? According to Human Rights Watch, Saudi Arabia beheaded 19 people between August 4 and 20 this year. Several of them were drug traffickers; one might argue that there's no moral distinction between the death penalty in Saudi Arabia and America, which – disgustingly – carried out 39 executions in 2013. But Saudi justice does not offer fair trials: it takes no account of mental illness and hands out the death sentence for ‘sorcery', whatever that means.
Also, although beheadings are not necessarily more inhumane than America's botched lethal injections, they are (as Joshi notes in passing, without returning to the point) a Koranic punishment. Muslim scholars say that verse 8:12 – ‘I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve. Therefore strike off their heads and strike off every fingertip of them' – is taken out of context. It is a ‘battlefield commandment'. In which case Isis are, according to their psychotic reasoning, following the letter of the law more accurately than Saudi Arabia. My colleague Douglas Murray (whose views on the Middle East I don't generally share) is absolutely right to say that Muslims and non-Muslims alike should address the injunction to behead unbelievers in Islam's foundational documents.
But they won't: it's too hazardous. Instead, the murder of Mr Haines will further poison relations between British Muslims and their neighbours in ways that are difficult to measure but whose consequences could be disastrous.
Compared to other European countries, Britain has been well disposed to Muslims: 64 per cent of us have a favourable view of them, according to Pew. In Italy the figure is 28 per cent. But other survey findings are less reassuring. As the Guardian reported, between 2012 and 2013 agreement with the suggestion that there would be ‘a serious clash between British Muslims and white Britons' rose by nine points to 59 per cent.
Quite what this ‘serious clash' would be isn't clear. The survey respondents weren't asked what they were predicting, but the fact that so many of them assented to this proposition is worrying. (Incidentally, I'm assuming that quite a few of the 59 per cent would have said they were personally well disposed towards Muslims. Let's see what the next set of Pew figures looks like.)
The emergence of Isis gives ordinary Muslims, including strictly observant ones hostile to Western decadence, the opportunity to demonstrate their abhorrence of the crimes of the ‘Islamic State'. The problem is that no one is very impressed by their denunciations of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's monstrous entity. It's like saying you're against shoving Jews into gas ovens. Muslim elders who condemn Isis seem to think that this can easily be reconciled with, say, their support for Hamas.
Now, I don't believe that Hamas are as wicked as Isis. Nor do most Britons. But we do place Isis at the far end of a spectrum of Islamic extremism on which we also locate Pakistani madrassas and anti-American jihadis. It's not a tidy spectrum, given the ideological squabbles between Sunni fanatics who look pretty much identical to the casual observer; but it makes more sense than the notion that Isis is unrelated to Islam, a religion founded by a warrior who ordered mass beheadings.
Most British Muslims bear no responsibility for what is happening in Iraq. They're just unlucky that, over an alarmingly large stretch of territory in its heartland, their religion has been hijacked by murderers inspired by the Koran. And their attempts to distance themselves from Isis are frustrated by representatives of their own community who have supported terrorism.
Another group of people are after ordinary British Muslims, too: Islamophobes, by which I mean racist conspiracy theorists who wish to implicate them in a plot to destroy British society. Just as Isis has used the internet as a means of recruitment, so the angry Right has gone online to popularise a lurid caricature of the average Muslim. They make their presence felt BTL – ‘below the line', colonising discussion threads and displaying a level of intolerance to dissent that wouldn't be out of place in the new Mosul.
For some of these folk, any dismay they feel at the murders of James Foley, Stephen Sotloff and David Haines is offset by gleeful satisfaction at the fulfilment of their prophecies, as they see it. ‘The Islamic Caliphate is on it's [sic] way just as we warned you, how do you feel now, dhimmis?' (They love that term dhimmi, which extends their knowledge of Arabic to at least four words.) Etc.
The audience for this rhetoric is likely to grow after the killing of the first Briton by Isis. Muslim ‘community leaders' can't stop it spreading any more than they could stop young morons from running off to take part in a real-life computer game in the wastelands of Iraq.
Where this is all heading I don't know. But what a lousy time to be a Pakistani shopkeeper.
by Rep Ron Paul
Oil prices are on the minds of many Americans as gas hits $4 a gallon, and continues to surge.Â How high can prices go?Â How can we solve these problems?Â What, or who, is to blame?
Part of the answer lies in understanding bubbles and monetary inflation, but especially the Federal Reserve System.Â The Federal Reserve is charged with controlling inflation through interest rate manipulation, however, much fail to realize that creating money, and therefore inflation, is really its only tool.Â When the Federal Reserve inflates the dollar as drastically as it has in the past few decades, the first users of the newly created money go in search of investments for their dollars.Â They must invest this money quickly and aggressively before it loses value.Â
This causes certain sectors to expand beyond what would naturally occur in the free market.Â Eventually the sector overheats and the bubble bursts.Â Overinvestment in dotcoms eventually led to a collapse of the NASDAQ.Â Next we had the housing bubble, and now we are seeing the price of oil being bid up in the creation of another new bubble.Â Investors are now looking to commodities like oil, for stability and growth as they pull capital out of real estate.Â This increased demand for investment vehicles related to oil contributes to driving up the price of the actual product.
If the Fed continues with its bubble blowing policies of the past, the new commodities bubble will continue to grow, gas prices will continue to go up, as the value of your dollars go down.Â We will see an overinvestment in these commodities as solutions are desperately sought for a supply shortage, which is only part of the problem.
Make no mistake, though, this is not the free market at work.Â Government manipulations have added levels of complication and unintended consequences to the marketplace.
This is not the time for members of Congress to take political potshots at each other, or to imagine that the free market is somehow to blame.Â This is the time to understand and fix problems.Â That begins with making sure the decision makers have a firm grasp on the causes of the problems and possible effects of their decisions.Â This is absolutely crucial if we want to get it right this time.Â That is why I am in the process of calling for hearings on Capitol Hill on how the falling value of the dollar affects energy prices.
Governments need to get out of the way and let the people get back to work so that we can get our economy back on stable footing.Â Our destructive regulatory environment, confiscatory tax policies, and managed, rather than free trade have chased many businesses overseas.
The bottom line is average Americans are being seriously hurt by these flawed policies, and they are not getting good information about the true dynamics at work.Â The important thing now is to get the diagnosis absolutely correct so we can administer the appropriate treatment and move on to a healthier economic future. To do this it is absolutely necessary to address the subjects of central banking and fiat money.
A Southern Ontario farm. via.
Because Canadian citizens are increasingly unwilling to work tough agricultural jobs a la Stompin' Tom's “Tillsonburg”, the seasonal agricultural sector in Canada depends on migrant workers to hit the fields and greenhouses for harvest. Every year when the seasons are right, workers are recruited from South America, the Caribbean, The Philippines, Thailand, and Mexico, to work on farms that boast Canadian minimum wage along with room and board. For however long it takes, often seven or eight months of 60–70 hour work weeks, seasonal workers are used to harvest tobacco, cucumbers, ginseng, and whatever else grows inches from the ground and breaks a back to pick.
Over 25,000 migrants arrive in Canada, mostly in Southern Ontario, every year for this type of work, yet they remain largely invisible to their surrounding communities and the broader provincial and national purview that appreciates cheap produce.
Last year, the fate of ten Peruvian men briefly brought foreign workers into the national news cycle when a van carrying them from a job at a chicken farm collided with a truck just outside of Waterloo, ON. Then Premier Dalton McGuinty expressed their condolences, the men's friends erected makeshift memorials and the community asked questions, but the story faded within weeks—without a coroner's inquest.
Since 1996, over 50 migrant workers in Ontario have been killed in workplace related incidents. And while the provincial government has established mandatory inquiries into workplace fatalities within the construction and mining industries, there has never been a single coroner's inquest into the death of a migrant farmworker.
Chris Ramsaroop is an organizer with Justicia for Migrant Workers, a non-profit organization based in Toronto that aims to promote the rights of migrant workers in Canada. He's currently involved in a hearing with Ontario's Human Rights Tribunal advocating on behalf of Ned Peart, a Jamaican man who was killed in 2002 when they were crushed on a tobacco farm near Brantford. Justicia is arguing that migrant workers should be given the respect of a coroner's inquest—just as resident Canadians do if they end up killed in the workplace—and that migrant workers shouldn't be made to feel so utterly replaceable as a result. Their final hearing is on June 28th, and if Justicia and Peart's case is successful, the rewarded inquest will be the first of its kind in Canada.
I got in touch with Chris to get their perspective on this case, and the issues surrounding Canadian migrant workers in general.
“Guys work 18-20 hour shifts because there are no minimum standards in agriculture. There are no regulations. There are no laws for housing migrant agricultural employees and there is no jurisdiction. They are living in cramped quarters, aren't paid their proper wages and depending on the size of the farm, they don't have access to health and safety committees…”
At a talk held at Ryerson University, hosted by Sustain Ontario, Chris described the conditions they encountered when they visited a “leading organic facility in Southern Ontario” where a worker had recently broken their back and was being sent home…
“So we get there. Workers are living there 7 to 8 months a year and I'm not lying to you, there are no bathrooms. There's port-a-potties. The men do not have stoves, they have hot plates. They have no heating for their trailers. I didn't see their shower facilities, I wouldn't want to see them. And they're confined to these very, very small quarters… for many people like myself it's no coincidence that you have racialized labour coming from Mexico and the Caribbean to work in these fields. We're continuing the condition of slavery and indenture-ship. We've decided to call it something else but that is exactly what's going on here.”
In our conversation Chris went on to explain that workers aren't provided with adequate training or WHMIS information (which is vital when working with as many pesticides as farmers do) and aren't informed of their few rights. They noted that workers get sent home when they are injured—or in some cases, as recent amputees—and that there is no accessible mechanism in place in Canada or in their home countries through which they can voice their concerns.
In these conditions, you'd expect their minimum wage would at least be tax-free… but no. Absurdly, although they aren't eligible to go on it, migrant workers pay millions into E.I. “They are always on the margins of society,” says Ramsaroop, “even though they pay into E.I. they can't receive E.I. because they have to return to their home country…”
While it would make sense that Canada, with such a hardline stance on human rights would be expanding benefits to migrant workers, last December, Federal Human Resources Minister Diane Finley, under the banner of the Conservatives great Economic Action Plan, removed one of the only rights they were entitled to, which was to receive a fraction of their minimum wage when they returned home to care for a newborn child.
I asked Janet Dench, Executive Director at the Canadian Council for Refugees, about the policies that perpetuate this systemic abuse of worker's rights and learned that a lot of it is based on simply being labelled as ‘temporary' or ‘seasonal.'
“Agricultural workers obviously aren't temporary if you're using them year after year. They're temporary in the sense that it's only part of the year but it's permanent… they're coming back year after year because there aren't Canadians willing to take those jobs. So everything is good and we can keep bringing in cheap workers from abroad.” Imagine the backlash if the federal government decided to paint fisherman in Newfoundland with the same seasonal/temporary brush and gave them the shaft that migrant workers are getting?
Dench said the second issue is that migrant workers' rights fall between the cracks of federal and provincial jurisdictions. “Bringing [migrant workers] into Canada is done by the federal government and what we've been seeing is issues for temporary foreign workers fall between the cracks of federal immigration policies and provincial labour laws.”
The main issue that Ramsaroop and Dench came back to was, that in the case of migrant farmworkers, there seems to be a kind of rural “Stop Snitching” mentality. Workers are made to feel that if they complain, they'll be fired. They are bound to one employer, with no union or labour board to turn to, so their choice is either to keep their head down and take it or get kicked out of the country forever. As Dench summed up, “if you've been shown to be a troublemaker and have been denouncing abuses then you're probably not coming back next year.”
John Steinbeck popularized the plight of the American migrant worker in the 1930's in their The Grapes of Wrath, and Of Mice and Men. They are narratives of tough people, men and women, travelling to find work in the fields in an effort to make ends meet for themselves and their families. The struggles are tragic yet romantic, set against the backdrop of sunsets and frontier California. The plight of the migrant worker in Canada reflects none of Steinbeck's romance, and all of its degradation.
So next time you see one of those “Farmers Feed Cities!” stickers on the back of a station wagon or on the fridge of your urban, organic-only neighbour—you should definitely still think of the farmer—but also remember the migrant worker who is busting their ass to feed you.
Follow Dave on Twitter: @ddner
More things you should be mad about, Canada:
Why Doesn't the Canadian Justice System Take Rape Cases Seriously?
The Canadian Government Misplaced $3.1 Billion
This week's agreement on the fiscal cliff is disappointing. Although President Obama can claim victory on such important measures as extending unemployment insurance for the long-term unemployed, they agreed to raise the income threshold for the tax hikes they sought from $250,000 to $450,000. Most important, they failed to secure an agreement to mitigate future social-spending cuts, meaning Social Security and Medicare will still be on the table in the next few months. This leaves the Republicans in a position to once again employ brinksmanship when it comes time to raise the debt ceiling, which could be as soon as mid-February. At that time, they may well succeed in their demands for serious and unnecessary social-spending cuts.
It's more than a little unfortunate that the United States was boxed into the fiscal-cliff situation in the first place. That the nation is adopting a contractionary policy with an unemployment rate of nearly 8 percent is absurd. And that there is such a widespread consensus — accepted by the media as simple common sense — that substantial deficit reductions must be made in 2013 to solve a deficit problem that won't begin seriously until in the 2020s, is a question for future historians and maybe psychologists. Even the current compromise, which rescinds the payroll tax cut and includes significant tax breaks for others, takes significant spending power out of an economy that is too weak to withstand the move.
The fiscal cliff, recall, was effectively imposed on America by Republicans who in 2011 threatened to cause an unprecedented default on U.S. debt by not raising the legal debt limit. At the time, an agreement to reduce sharply the budget deficit across ten years was put in place, intensifying the pressure to cut social-program (and military) spending. The central battle now is whether deficit-cutting should be weighted toward higher taxes or sharp cuts in social spending — but it should be about whether deficit reductions of $4 trillion to $5 trillion over ten years are necessary at all, especially if they're to start now. We have already seen caps placed on valuable social programs, including on the National Institutes of Health, on subsidies for low-income housing, and on college loans, which all told amount to about $1.5 trillion in future spending reductions.
Deficit-cutting under the current circumstances is bad economics, according both to theory and to historical precedent. Austerity economics are palpably and tragically failing in Europe, yet the same types who urge austerity on Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, and even France — not to mention the non-Eurozone giant, Britain — are also urging it in broad consensus in America. And they are succeeding. Dedicated to their polite even-handedness, meanwhile, the media have tended to blame both sides and to assume unquestioningly that deficit reduction is required, rather than identifying the clear culprits responsible for sustaining our economic mess. These culprits are not evenly distributed across the political spectrum. In order of importance, they are:
First and foremost, the small-government, tea-party Republicans who have been working for an economic policy driven by ideology and a hatred of most social policies. True, small-government ideologues — there are a few — would also seek to cut the military, but this group's target is solely what it thinks of as the nanny state.
Second are the self-appointed “common sense” centrists, who agree that the federal deficit is our biggest problem, and thereby lend credibility to the right-wing extremists. These are the seemingly serious and purportedly moralistic practitioners of the anti-Keynesian austerity economics that are failing so badly in Europe. They include the powerful Campaign to Fix the Debt, which has aggressively signed up supporters across political and racial spectrums, and the Concord Coalition, as well as the Committee For a Responsible Federal Budget, which is financed by investment-banking billionaire Pete Peterson. But it is dominated by CEOs, almost all of whom have massive retirement funds and health-care benefits, yet demand cuts in Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.
Their great public-relations tool is the budget-balancing committee appointed by President Obama and led by Clinton Administration official Erskine Bowles and Republican former senator Alan Simpson. With heavy support from the groups mentioned above, the conservative document this group produced has come to be seen as the common-sense middle ground. Alarmingly, it calls for federal spending to be capped at 21 percent of GDP, the average since the 1970s, in order to control the deficit. Such an average cannot accommodate an aging population, rising health-care costs, and new public investments. It would require sharp cuts in social spending. The press nevertheless seems to trust the document and Simpson and Bowles are paid handsomely by deficit hawks, reportedly led by Peterson, to make speeches around the country in support of their views.
Third is the Congressional Budget Office, which is almost never mentioned as a partisan in the debate because it is legally bipartisan, answerable both to Democrats and Republicans. This distinction is almost meaningless. The CBO's economics are utterly neoclassical, which means it is conservative, in that it almost always favors less government spending. Its projections generally assume that high budget deficits will crowd out private investment and slow economic growth. This is simply biased economics. It also presumes that higher taxes reduce the incentive to work — a dubious conjecture at current levels of taxation, to say the least.
Guided by such assumptions, the office frequently arrives at questionable conclusions. For example, its long-term projections have suggested broadly that it would have been better to go over the fiscal cliff than to arrive at the sort of compromise reached this week. In its long-term outlook, the CBO claims that had the drastic spending cuts and tax hikes of the fiscal cliff gone into force, the economy would have bounced back robustly from an ensuing modest recession with 9 percent unemployment. Unemployment would thereafter have fallen to nearly 5 percent, and that federal deficits as a percentage of GDP would have fallen sharply, to 2 percent or so between the late 2010s and 2022. (The CBO's assumption here is that the recession would lead to lower interest rates and rapid capital investment — that economies are basically self-adjusting, a profoundly conservative notion.)
The fiscal-cliff compromise, by contrast, will in the CBO's eyes lead to bigger deficits and ultimately higher taxes, therefore robbing the economy of growth. Deficits would rise to 4 or 5 percent, and debt as a percent of GDP will soar. This is austerity economics, pure and simple. If you read the fine print, the CBO provides alternative projections based on milder assumptions about the impact of deficits — assumptions that in my view are much closer to the truth. But the “central' projections, which are alarmist about the size of the deficit, are the ones the office publishes, and the ones Congress, fiscal hawks, and most of the media take at face value. Economic absurdity, as I say. America badly needs a shadow CBO that publishes more realistic projections, unconstrained by neoclassicism.
President Obama may have been able to make a better deal, but the Republicans are formidable enemies thanks to their numbers and their refusal to compromise. Obama made a mistake when they joined the deficit hawks so enthusiastically back in 2009. It is probably too late to change course — the great social programs inspired by the New Deal are now at stake.
On Wednesday, John McCain's rapid response spokesperson let fly with a "reaction" to a year-old incident.
"One year ago today, Barack Obama accused our men and women in Afghanistan of 'just air-raiding villages and killing civilians' in this country's fight against radical Islamic extremism," Tucker Bounds wrote in an email to reporters. "Whether those words were a product of inexperience or just bad judgment, they were not the kind of words we expect from any candidate for our nation's highest office."
Except Obama's comments from last August weren't directed at troops in the field, but rather at the shortage of troops available for combat in Afghanistan. At the New Hampshire event in question, the not-yet frontrunner said: "Now you have narco drug lords who are helping to finance the Taliban, so we've got to get the job done there [in Afghanistan], and that requires us to have enough troops that we are not just air raiding villages and killing civilians, which is causing enormous problems there."
Presumably, Obama wasn't arguing for more troops to be added to Afghanistan so that more air raids targeting civilians could commence, and was instead advancing the notion that more troops could help execute a better kind of strategy. Still, for a day or so, their remarks set off a mini-firestorm, with Gov. Mitt Romney and the RNC immediately using the quote to paint Obama as disrespectful to the troops fighting there.
But the AP stepped in the next day, noting in a "fact check" piece that more civilians were, in fact, being killed by U.S.-led forces at that time than by the Taliban.
"As of Aug. 1, the AP count shows that while militants killed 231 civilians in attacks in 2007, Western forces killed 286. Another 20 were killed in crossfire that can't be attributed to one party," they wrote, in addition to reporting that Afghan President Hamid Karzai was concerned enough about the development to bring it up with President Bush.
After that, the Obama canard lost most of its salience. Until now.
In response to the McCain campaign statement, Obama spokesperson Hari Sevugan wrote in an email to reporters: "Instead of a real debate about how to move forward in Afghanistan, it's clear that the Republicans would rather launch tired and old attacks to distract people from their record of completely failing to finish the fight against the Taliban and Al Qaeda."
Indeed, with U.S. casualties in Afghanistan outpacing those in Iraq recently, the argument for changing up our strategy against the Taliban and Al Qaeda has only taken on additional momentum in recent weeks. And even though former National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski recently told the Huffington Post they aren't persuaded that additional troops are the answer, the issue of civilian deaths still poses a big strategic problem (in addition to the moral one).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Anbarasan Ethirajan: Protesters erupted with joy at the verdict
A tribunal in Bangladesh has sentenced Islamist leader Delwar Hossain Sayeedi to death for crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence.
The Jamaat-e-Islami chief was found guilty of charges including murder, torture and rape.  They are the most senior figure convicted so far.
The verdict was cheered by their opponents but set off protests in which at least 30 people were killed.
Critics said the charges were politically motivated.
Lawyers for Sayeedi say they plan to appeal in the Supreme Court.
The Jamaat-e-Islami party rejects the tribunal and staged a strike on Thursday in protest. After the verdict was announced it called a further two-day stoppage for Sunday and Monday.
Thousands of police have been deployed in Dhaka to maintain security.
As well as the 30 killed, at least 300 people were injured in clashes between police and Jamaat supporters across the country, police told the Reuters news agency.
Jamaat was opposed to Bangladeshi independence but denies any role in war crimes committed by pro-Pakistan militias.
Official estimates say more than three million people were killed in the war.
Angry demonstrations
Security was tight around the capital, Dhaka, as the judgement was being read out. On hearing the verdict, protesters gathered at a busy intersection in the city erupted into cheers.
"We've been waiting for this day for the last four decades," one man told local television, the Agence France-Presse news agency reports.
Thousands had staged a protest in the capital on Wednesday, demanding the death sentence be handed down to him.
Bangladesh independence war, 1971 Image copyright Getty Images Civil war erupts in Pakistan, pitting the West Pakistan army against East Pakistanis demanding autonomy and later independence
Fighting forces an estimated 10 million East Pakistani civilians to flee to India
In December, India invades East Pakistan in support of the East Pakistani people
Pakistani army surrenders at Dhaka and its army of more than 90,000 become Indian prisoners of war
East Pakistan becomes the independent country of Bangladesh on 16 December 1971
Exact number of people killed is unclear - Bangladesh says it is three million but independent researchers say it is up to 500,000 fatalities Watershed moment Key defendants Article that changed history
Recent weeks have seen a series of angry demonstrations demanding the execution of Jamaat leaders being tried by the tribunal. But there have also been protests against the court.
The verdict is the third issued by the controversial tribunal, which is trying a total of nine Jamaat leaders and two members of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
Sayeedi was accused of working with the al-Badr group during the independence struggle and carrying out numerous atrocities, including forcibly converting Hindus to Islam.
Their critics say that during the war they formed a small group to loot and seize the property of Bengali Hindus and those who supported independence.
The tribunal found Sayeedi guilty of eight out of the 20 charges levelled against him. These were murder, torture, rape and forcibly converting Hindus to Islam.
State prosecutor Syed Haider Ali described the verdict as a "victory for the people", AFP reports. But in court Mr Sayeedi protested, blaming the judgement on the influence of bloggers and pro-government forces.
Earlier this month another Jamaat leader, Abdul Kader Mullah, was sentenced to life for crimes against humanity. Huge crowds have been demanding they be executed.
In January, former party leader Abul Kalam Azad was found guilty in absentia of eight charges of crimes against humanity and sentenced to death.
In the wake of the public outcry calling for the execution of Abdul Kader Mullah, Bangladesh's parliament earlier this month amended a law which will allow the state to appeal against their life sentence.
The special court was set up in 2010 by the current Bangladeshi government to deal with those accused of collaborating with Pakistani forces who attempted to stop East Pakistan (as Bangladesh was then) from becoming an independent country.
But human rights groups have said the tribunal falls short of international standards. Jamaat and the BNP accuse the current government of pursuing a political vendetta.
In their now-infamous “apology” for the hot-mic audio heard around the world, Donald Trump promised he'd be “discussing” Bill Clinton's alleged history of abuse in the “coming days.” Translation: If you think what I said was bad, wait till you hear what I got on this guy.
Two hours before Sunday night's presidential debate, Donald Trump appeared at a pre-debate press conference with three women who accused Bill Clinton of sexual misconduct in the ‘70s and the early ‘90s, along with Kathy Shelton, the alleged victim in a 1975 rape case in which Hillary Clinton was the public defender.
And during the debate, Trump introduced those women, calling Shelton a “wonderful woman” who was wronged by Hillary Clinton. (Again, Clinton was a public defender assigned to the case, it was their job to defend the accused.)
Trump surrogate Kayleigh McEnany explained earlier on CNN that the nominee invited these women so that their stories could be heard, as if they are some sort of champion for assault victims. Of course, these women's stories should not be ignored. (While Bill Clinton has denied the allegations, we know that lack of evidence absolutely does not prove the rape did not occur.)
But let's make one thing absolutely clear: Donald Trump did not invite these women to give them a voice. Donald Trump invited these women in an attempt to humiliate Hillary Clinton and imply that not only should they be responsible for their husband's actions, but that their electability should depend on them.
A man who brags about grabbing women's genitalia is making themselves the voice of women who have been sexually assaulted? Cool. #debate pic.twitter.com/NiTOOJeIEq — Elizabeth Plank (@feministabulous) October 10, 2016
Donald Trump has a storied history of mistreating women. The Republican presidential nominee has been accused of rape and sexual assault by multiple women, including their ex-wife Ivana Trump. He's implied that if women want to serve in our military, they should expect to be raped. If I were to list each anecdote that proved Donald Trump doesn't respect women, this article would become a novel. It's almost shocking that Trump's admission of “grabbing women by the pussy” was shocking to anyone.
During the debate, Trump repeatedly insisted that bragging about sexual assault was just “locker room banter.” As if all men brag about such a thing; as if it would be completely normal if they did.
We may never know what happened between Bill Clinton (who is not currently running for president) and Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey or Juanita Broaddrick. What we do know is that coming forward to accuse a powerful man is incredibly brave. But Donald Trump's parading of these women is nothing short of exploitive and despicable. To him, these women, like all women, are merely props.
Rape culture is running for president tonight, using women's exploitation as a weapon against their female opponent. Wow. #debate — Laurie Penny (@PennyRed) October 10, 2016
Square, the payments provider that turns any smartphone into a credit card terminal, is in the process of raising capital at a $6 billion valuation, according to sources familiar with the matter.
The San Francisco-based company, led by Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey, is aiming to reel in about $200 million, with part of it coming from the Government of Singapore Investment Corporation (GIC), said the sources, who asked not to be identified because the deal hasn't closed.
Asian investors have been piling into the U.S. technology market, backing hot start-ups such as ridesharing service Lyft, video-calling app Tango and texting service Snapchat. It's part of the latest Silicon Valley rush that has lifted dozens of private companies into the billion-dollar club, and pushed some valuations passed $10 billion.
Read MoreSquare secures $200 million in credit
Square, founded in 2009, was valued at $5 billion earlier this year in a secondary stock sale that let early employees and investors divest some of their shares. Demand from investors exceeded supply, sources familiar with the deal said.
Aaron Zamost, a spokesperson at Square, declined to comment. Calls to GIC in Singapore and New York weren't immediately returned.
Square is a hot-button topic in tech land. There's no doubting its popularity. Millions of people, including taxi drivers, food stand owners and yoga instructors, attach the little white dongle to their iPhone or Android device so they can accept credit cards and debit cards, providing a boon to businesses that previously only accepted cash and checks. With increased frequency, the Square Stand (an iPad on a stand) is showing up in coffee shops and restaurants, replacing old clunky registers. The company processes tens of billions of dollars a year in transactions.
County leaders and law enforcement in Texas, Florida and Ohio are taking new approaches to the issue of arresting people for marijuana possession.
Some county prosecutors in Texas are avoiding charges altogether for individuals caught with small amounts of pot. “The only people who do jail time for marijuana are the people who want to do jail time for marijuana,” Shannon Edmonds, director of governmental relations for the Texas District and County Attorneys Association, told the Texas Tribune.
In Cameron County, Texas, District Attorney Luis Saenz stopped busting people for less than a third of an ounce two years ago. As a result, misdemeanor marijuana court filings in Cameron have dropped 57%.
In Harris County, home to the city of Houston, the district attorney's office is using a First Chance Intervention Program “to break the logjam of roughly 10,000 misdemeanor marijuana filings that hit the historically jammed dockets of Harris County's misdemeanor courts, which have the feel of a very crowded airport,” Terri Langford wrote at the Texas Tribune. The program allows first-time offenders to avoid prosecution by completing eight hours of class or community service, although they must submit to monitoring by a probation officer. The result has been a 20% drop in marijuana case filings so far this year, compared to 2014.
In Florida, Miami-Dade County leaders are considering a proposal that would give police officers the option of writing a $100 civil citation to those accused of misdemeanor possession of 20 grams or fewer of marijuana instead of arresting them.
In Ohio, a task force chaired by Hamilton County Prosecutor Joe Deters issued a report saying a proposed constitutional amendment to legalize medical and personal use marijuana could create more than 30,000 jobs and generate nearly $7 billion for the state's economy.
Legalization of marijuana in other states “has not led to drastic increases in crime, adult or teen use, workplace injuries, or negatively impacted other aspects of public safety,” noted the report.
“As a county prosecutor, I have seen firsthand how ineffective, inefficient and sometimes harmful our current marijuana laws are,” Deters wrote in the report, which did not recommend any particular action on the proposed amendment. The issue is expected to land on the state's November ballot for voters to have their say.
-Noel Brinkerhoff
To Learn More:
Prosecutors Take Pot Cases Into Their Own Hands (by Terri Langford, Texas Tribune)
S. Florida Moves Toward Reducing Marijuana Arrests (by Adam Linhardt, Keys News)
Prosecutor's Report: Marijuana Could Generate Billions For Ohio, Create Thousands Of Jobs (by James Leggate, WCPO)
Americans Overwhelmingly Prefer Treatment to Prosecution for Illegal Drug Users; Alcohol Viewed as more Harmful than Marijuana (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Measles — United States, January 4–April 2, 2015
Nakia S. Clemmons, MPH1, Paul A. Gastanaduy, MD1, Amy Parker Fiebelkorn, MSN1, Susan B. Redd1, Gregory S. Wallace, MD1 (Author affiliations at end of text)
Measles is a highly contagious, acute viral illness that can lead to complications such as pneumonia, encephalitis, and death. As a result of high 2-dose measles vaccination coverage in the United States and improved control of measles in the World Health Organization's Region of the Americas, the United States declared measles elimination (defined as interruption of year-round endemic transmission) in 2000 (1). Importations from other countries where measles remain endemic continue to occur, however, which can lead to clusters of measles cases in the United States. To update surveillance data on current measles outbreaks, CDC analyzed cases reported during January 4–April 2, 2015. A total of 159 cases were reported during this period. Over 80% of the cases occurred among persons who were unvaccinated or had unknown vaccination status. Four outbreaks have occurred, with one accounting for 70% of all measles cases this year. The continued risk for importation of measles into the United States and occurrence of measles cases and outbreaks in communities with high proportions of unvaccinated persons highlight the need for sustained, high vaccination coverage across the country.
Confirmed measles cases in the United States are reported by state and local health departments to CDC using a standard case definition (2). A measles case is considered confirmed if it is laboratory-confirmed or meets the clinical case definition (an illness characterized by a generalized rash lasting ≥3 days, a temperature of ≥101°F [≥38.3°C], and cough, coryza, or conjunctivitis) and is linked epidemiologically to a confirmed case. Measles cases are laboratory confirmed if there is detection in serum of measles-specific immunoglobulin M, isolation of measles virus, or detection of measles virus nucleic acid from a clinical specimen. Cases are considered imported if at least some of the exposure period (7–21 days before rash onset) occurred outside the United States and rash occurred within 21 days of entry into the United States, with no known exposure to measles in the United States during that period. Import-associated cases include 1) imported cases, 2) cases that are linked epidemiologically to imported cases, and 3) cases for which an epidemiologic link has not been identified but the viral genotype detected suggests recent importation.* An outbreak of measles is defined as a chain of transmission of three or more linked cases.
During January 4–April 2, 2015, a total of 159 measles cases (in 155 U.S. residents and four foreign visitors) from 18 states and the District of Columbia were reported to CDC (Figure 1). Patients ranged in age from 6 weeks to 70 years; 26 (16%) were aged <12 months, 18 (12%) were aged 1–4 years, 27 (17%) were aged 5–19 years, 58 (36%) were aged 20–39 years, and 30 (19%) were aged ≥40 years. Twenty-two patients (14%) were hospitalized, including five with pneumonia. No other complications and no deaths have been reported.
A total of 111 cases (70%) have been associated with an outbreak that originated in late December 2014 in Disney theme parks in Orange County, California. The source of the initial exposure has not been identified, but measles cases associated with this outbreak have been reported in seven U.S. states, Mexico, and Canada (3). Measles are laboratory confirmed in 101 (91%) of these cases, either by detection of measles-specific IgM or of measles virus RNA. The B3 genotype was identified in specimens from at least 40 patients associated with this outbreak. B3 is a common measles genotype that has been identified in multiple states and countries (4). Other smaller measles outbreaks in 2015 without a link to Disney theme parks have been reported in Illinois (15 cases), Nevada (nine), and Washington (five).
The majority of the 159 patients with reported measles in the 2015 outbreaks were either unvaccinated (71 [45%]) or had unknown vaccination status (60 [38%]); 28 (18%) had received measles vaccine. Among the 68 U.S. residents who had measles and were unvaccinated, 29 (43%) cited philosophical or religious objections to vaccination, 27 (40%) were ineligible because they were too young to receive vaccination (26 patients) or had a medical contraindication (one), three (4%) represented missed opportunities for vaccination, and nine (13%) had other reasons for not being vaccinated (Figure 2).
Of the 159 measles cases, 153 (96%) were import-associated. Ten cases were classified as direct importations, (six among unvaccinated U.S. residents returning from overseas travel, of whom three were aged 6–11 months and age-eligible for vaccination before departure, and four among foreign visitors). Countries associated with direct importations included Azerbaijan, China, Germany, India, Indonesia, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Qatar, Singapore, and United Arab Emirates (one import each).
Discussion
High population immunity secondary to high measles vaccination coverage has maintained measles elimination in the United States since declaration of elimination in 2000 (5). Worldwide, however, approximately 20 million measles cases occur annually, and importations to the U.S. will continue to place unvaccinated populations at risk for measles. Measles transmission in pockets of unvaccinated persons increases the risk for transmission to vulnerable groups, such as those who cannot be vaccinated because of underlying medical conditions, or infants too young to be vaccinated.
As in previous years, a sizeable proportion of U.S. residents who became infected with measles had an unknown vaccination status (6). This occurred primarily among adults and reflects the lack of immunization data in registries on adults in the United States. Among the U.S.-resident patients who were confirmed as unvaccinated, the numbers who were ineligible for vaccination and who cited philosophical or religious beliefs as the reason they declined vaccination were similar. Exemptions from mandated immunizations have been shown to increase risk for acquiring disease as well as increasing the risk of a disease outbreak at the community level. Exemption rates are higher in jurisdictions where exemption requirements are procedurally easier to meet (7).†
Health care providers should encourage vaccination of all eligible patients who do not have other evidence of measles immunity. Children without contraindications should receive their first dose of measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine at age 12–15 months and a second dose at age 4–6 years. Before international travel, infants aged 6-11 months should receive one dose of MMR and children aged 12 months and older should receive two doses of MMR vaccine separated by at least 28 days. Adults born during or after 1957 who are at high risk for measles (i.e., health care personnel, international travelers, and students at postsecondary educational institutions) and who do not have other evidence of measles immunity should also receive 2 doses of MMR vaccine. Other adults without evidence of measles immunity should receive at least 1 dose of MMR vaccine. 1 dose of MMR vaccine administered to those aged ≥12 months is approximately 93% effective at preventing measles and 2 doses approximately 97% effective (8).
Measles should be considered in the differential diagnosis of patients with febrile illness and rash. Patients with clinical symptoms compatible with measles should be asked about recent travel abroad or contact with travelers, and their vaccination status should be verified. Patients with suspected measles should be promptly screened before entering waiting rooms and appropriately isolated (i.e., in an airborne isolation room or, if not available, in a separate room with the door closed), or have their doctor's office appointments scheduled at the end of the day to prevent exposure of other patients (9). Serology as well as viral specimens should be collected for laboratory testing. Viral genetic sequencing can be used to detect the genotype of the infection, which can be used to suggest the source of an imported virus and track global transmission patterns (10). To assist state and local public health departments with rapid investigation and control efforts to limit the spread of disease, suspected measles cases should be reported to local health departments immediately. State health departments are required to notify cases of measles to CDC within 24 hours of detection.§
Maintenance of high 2-dose MMR vaccine coverage has been crucial in limiting measles spread from importations in the United States. Most measles importations occur when U.S. citizens travel abroad and have not been appropriately vaccinated. Therefore, it is important to encourage timely delivery of measles vaccination for U.S. residents before overseas travel. In addition, early detection of cases and rapid public health response to outbreaks can serve to limit the spread of illness.
Acknowledgments
William Bellini, PhD, Paul Rota, PhD, Jennifer Rota, MPH, Division of Viral Diseases; Melinda Wharton, MD, Immunization Services Division; Kristin Pope, MEd; Office of Policy, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, CDC.
1Division of Viral Diseases, National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Disease, CDC (Corresponding author: Nakia Clemmons, nclemmons@cdc.gov, 404.639.2553)
References
What is already known on this topic? Measles elimination (i.e., interruption of year-round endemic transmission) has been maintained in the United States since 2000. Despite progress in global measles control, measles remains common in many countries of the world, and measles is imported regularly into the United States. What is added by this report? During January 4–April 2, 2015, a total of 159 measles cases (in 155 U.S. residents and four foreign visitors) were reported to CDC. Twenty-two patients (14%) were hospitalized, including five with pneumonia. Over 80% of all cases occurred among persons who were unvaccinated or had unknown vaccination status. One outbreak accounted for 70% of all measles cases this year. What are the implications for public health practice? Importations of measles into communities with unvaccinated persons can lead to measles cases and outbreaks in the United States. Maintenance of high vaccination coverage, ensuring timely vaccination before travel, and early detection and isolation of cases are key factors to limit importations and the spread of disease.
FIGURE 1. Number of reported measles cases (N = 159), by infection source, state, and county* — United States, January 4–April 2, 2015 Abbreviations: DC = District of Columbia; DE = Delaware; NJ = New Jersey. Alternate Text: The figure above is a map of the United States showing the number of reported measles cases (N = 159), by infection source, state, and county during January 4-April 2, 2015.
Young couples in the Atlanta area once bought homes in Cobb County to join what was perceived to be one of the state's strongest school systems. Twenty years ago, elementary schools spanning the county—from I-20 up to the Chattahoochee River—were filled with children of the middle class.
Construction boomed. Families moved into new four-bedroom homes in communities designed by John Weiland. New strip malls opened to meet the needs of a growing and relatively wealthy county.
Today, children raised in that era are bringing up their own families and most are choosing to do so far away from their childhood homes. The youngest generation of middle class Metro Atlantans have abandoned large swaths of Cobb County, leaving behind their aging parents and the poorer families most recent to arrive. Rather than staying close to their childhood homes, they have gone one of two ways. Some have moved further out to join new exurban developments while others have moved intown. This transition has left much of Cobb County and many of its schools in a drastically different state than most might have imagined in the early 1990's.
Cobb County is not alone.
Across the Metro Atlanta region, vast geographies once popular with the middle class have become pockets of isolated poverty. Early last year, Maria Saporta published an article highlighting work by the Brookings Institution which showed a significant increase in Atlanta's suburban poverty. Months later, The New York Times used data published by Harvard Economist a Raj Chetty to argue that geography plays an important role in limiting income mobility for Atlantans.
A new dimension to this conversation—education—makes the extent of poverty's spread to the suburbs even clearer. Children in communities across growing portions of the Atlanta region attend schools of virtually uniform poverty. In some places, families would need to drive 15 miles to reach a middle-class public school.
The interactive map below show the geographic evolution of poverty (as represented by the percent of students qualifying for Free and Reduced Lunch) from 1994 to 2013. Readers can use the bar on the left to scroll through time and watch the spread of poverty from small portions of Fulton and Dekalb Counties outward.
As is often the case in Atlanta, a discussion of poverty overlaps with a discussion of race. Undoubtedly, a variety of factors contribute to a neighborhood or school district's fall from favor with a certain group. However, race appears to remain one important factor in the Atlanta region. Over the past 20 years, school after school in Cobb County and elsewhere in the region that saw a significant population of black & Hispanic students arrive quickly saw a decline in the number of white students enrolling. This trend is most evident when focusing on single-grade cohorts.
From 1994 to 2013 the share of white Kindergarteners enrolling in Cobb County schools fell from 77% to 38%. Those white students who remain in the Cobb schools are primarily concentrated near the east and west borders of the county.
This transition is partially driven by the attraction of other regions, but it is also informed by changing perceptions of school quality. As explained in an April post, these perceptions are often driven by misinformation because data released by the state is biased toward showing schools with higher poverty as less successful. However, some schools which may appear to be faltering in this data are actually succeeding once one considers the students served. Gwinnett County is an example of a district which has seen an increase in poverty, and is succeeding with its students.
The graphs below show the evolution of Kindergarten race/ethnicity in the Metro's schools from 1994 to 2013.
Viewing what has developed over the past 20 years, raises several important questions. First, what can be done to ensure that children raised in poverty have a fair shot at success? Second, can a region truly prosper if such a large share of its youngest are growing up in economic and racial isolation? Third, what can be done to encourage more integrated learning environments?
Xiaomi Allegedly Working with Google on the Next Android One Device
Google's Android One project was launched with much fanfare in India in 2014. The project promised to bring the stock Android experience to the budget market in the form of super affordable smartphones that could still be smart and remain affordable to the masses in developing countries. But not unlike several other Google products, the ambitious launch fizzled out and could not be translated into consumer patronage.
Google's entry into the Indian market came mere months after Chinese electronics giant Xiaomi launched its own Mi 3 smartphone in India. For its first Indian product, Xiaomi was targeting a different price segment as compared to then-rumored Google's Android One, but eventually, some of Xiaomi's most popular smartphones in the Indian market came from the lower price points. The lure of great hardware at really affordable prices as seen in the Redmi series propelled Xiaomi's growth in the Indian market in a manner that even a Google-backed project could not compete against.
Xiaomi's success was not a one-hit wonder, as it continues to deliver strong performance in India. The company recently announced through press releases that it sold 5 Million units of the Redmi Note 4 within six months of the phone's launch in India. The Redmi Note 4 broke all previous Xiaomi India records as it became the fastest selling smartphone in the country, even claiming a 7.2% market share in India's smartphone market during Q2 2017 as per Xiaomi. To this day, the Redmi Note 4 continues selling out in every flash sale in mere minutes as per my own personal experiences. This is despite the polarizing opinions held by many for and against Xiaomi's MIUI UX — a skin that modifies a lot of stock Android's core functionality, sometimes for better and sometimes for worse.
Now, a new report claims an unlikely marriage is in the works. According to a report from Krispitech, Google is working with Xiaomi on the newest member of the Android One device family. This phone will attempt to merge Xiaomi's focus on value hardware with Google's stock Android approach on Android One — essentially giving us a Xiaomi device with stock Android, something that enthusiasts have been clamoring for since years. Unverified rumors point that this device is likely to take inspiration from the Xiaomi Mi 5X, though confidence levels on these rumors is understandably low. The new device could be called the Xiaomi A1 or the Xiaomi Tissot, and may come with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 SoC.
The first Xiaomi smartphone without MIUI may initially be restricted to developing countries like Indonesia and others in Southeast Asia, and it is too early to comment on which other regions the device could reach. There's also the question of pricing of the device, but considering that both Android One and Xiaomi's smartphones are low priced and pack a value punch, there seems to be little to worry about on this end.
We are seeing an increase in OEMs forgoing their customized UX skins in favor of adopting stock Android. With Lenovo's recent K8 Note, the trend moved on forward towards the budget end of the market. And if reports of Xiaomi's cooperation with Google are true and substantiated, then we could see an era of affordable, high value Android devices that run stock Android without burning a hole in your pocket. Imagine devices that come with efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 625-like SoCs and large batteries that complement standard sized FHD displays, commendable build quality, the latest stock Android and a sub-$250 price tag — what else could you ask for on a budget?
What are your thoughts on the reports of an Android One device from Xiaomi? Do you think Xiaomi will release a smartphone without MIUI? What price point would such a device target, considering competition from Xiaomi's existing smartphone portfolio? Let us know your thoughts in the comments below!
Empire Fails
Everyone makes mistakes, and we're certainly no exception. Empire has suffered from a few security issues since its original release at BSides LV in 2015, and for a while, I've wanted to give some technical details on the specific mistakes we've made along the way for the sake of transparency. Thanks to a recent second disclosure by Spencer McIntyre (@zeroSteiner) several weeks ago, it seemed to be an appropriate time to own up to our transgressions. This post will cover the crypto issue disclosed right after release by Jon Cave (@joncave), as well as the two separate RCE issues disclosed by Spencer.
Crypto is Hard
One of the earlier Empire issues disclosed after the project was released was pull request #3 “Use authenticated encryption” by Jon Cave. As Jon described, “Even though the agent to server communications are encrypted they are still malleable and vulnerable to attack“. So what does this mean, and what's the fix?
Essentially, because we didn't originally include any kind of message integrity/validation in our communications, it was possible to modify sniffed Empire ciphertext in a way that modified the type of the packet. In Jon's example, they modified the first byte of the ciphertext (the IV) in order to change the first part of the plaintext (the packet type). Since there are only 256 packet types, one of them being TYPE_EXIT, with a relatively small number of packets sent to the control server it was possible to force the exit of agents if the sessionID was known, effectively creating a DoS on the control server. Here was Jon's simple PoC:
import requests import sys ciphertext = sys.argv[3].decode("hex") cookies = {"SESSIONID": sys.argv[2]} for i in range(0, 256): dos = chr(i) + ciphertext[1:] requests.post(sys.argv[1], cookies=cookies, data=dos) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 import requests import sys ciphertext = sys . argv [ 3 ] . decode ( "hex" ) cookies = { "SESSIONID" : sys . argv [ 2 ] } for i in range ( 0 , 256 ) : dos = chr ( i ) + ciphertext [ 1 : ] requests . post ( sys . argv [ 1 ] , cookies = cookies , data = dos )
Other attacks were theoretically possible, including the chance for encrypted information disclosure (though this was complicated by a lack of padding on Empire's part).
Jon's fix was to implement MD5 HMAC into message communications that occur after staging, along with double HMAC verification on the server side in order to prevent timing attacks. I bought Jon a round of beers at 44con, where they explained that they actually found the issue within 1-2 days of Empire being released. They also helped proof the Empire 2.0 protocol redesign and offered several optimizations.
RCE Is Bad Mmmmkay
The next mistake was much, much worse. Can you spot the mistake in lib/common/agents.py ?
# see if we were passed a name instead of an ID nameid = self.get_agent_name(sessionID) if nameid : sessionID = nameid parts = path.split("\\") # construct the appropriate save path savePath = self.installPath + "/downloads/"+str(sessionID)+"/" + "/".join(parts[0:-1]) filename = parts[-1] # make the recursive directory structure if it doesn't already exist if not os.path.exists(savePath): os.makedirs(savePath) # overwrite an existing file if not append: f = open(savePath+"/"+filename, 'wb') else: # otherwise append f = open(savePath+"/"+filename, 'ab') f.write(data) f.close() 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 # see if we were passed a name instead of an ID nameid = self . get_agent_name ( sessionID ) if nameid : sessionID = nameid parts = path . split ( "\\" ) # construct the appropriate save path savePath = self . installPath + "/downloads/" + str ( sessionID ) + "/" + "/" . join ( parts [ 0 : - 1 ] ) filename = parts [ - 1 ] # make the recursive directory structure if it doesn't already exist if not os . path . exists ( savePath ) : os . makedirs ( savePath ) # overwrite an existing file if not append : f = open ( savePath + "/" + filename , 'wb' ) else : # otherwise append f = open ( savePath + "/" + filename , 'ab' ) f . write ( data ) f . close ( )
A few months after release, Spencer McIntyre sent us a disclosure that allowed for remote compromise of an Empire control server. We worked to get a fix out quickly and Spencer chose not to release the PoC they titled ‘Skywalker', but they recently released a updated PoC and Metasploit module that is compatible with the v2 version of the bug (described below). Issue #52 shows the patch for the original exploit.
One of the packet types for Empire is TASK_DOWNLOAD, which is the chunked response to a file download. The control server takes the packets comprising a file download and reconstructs the original file in ./downloads/SESSIONID/<original_path>/ where the original path is cloned on the server side to preserve the downloaded file path. What Spencer realized is that we weren't doing proper path sanitization, leaving the path save mechanism open to a path traversal.
Spencer's exploit will first ‘fake' an agent checking into the control server, executing the normal key exchange process. A TASK_DOWNLOAD packet response is then sent to the control server, with the original file name compromising a ../path/traversal and the payload composing a malicious crontab entry. The server receives the packet and dutifully saves the malicious crontab to /etc/crontab, which will provide remote execution if the control server is running as root.
We fixed this with PR #52, which uses os.path.abspath to compare a normalized absolutized version of the save path to the ‘safe' downloads folder.
Skywalker v2, “Oh no, not again”
About a month ago Spencer contacted us again with another disclosure notice (nothing makes your heart sink like getting a gpg message from Spencer with ‘skywalker.v2' in the title : ). The second version of this exploit abused a malicious client SESSIONID to execute a similar type of path traversal. Spencer also included a patch that we verified and integrated into both the development and master branches with the 1.6 release.
Spencer graciously waited to release the exploit proof of concept and Metasploit module for a month after the path was integrated. The pull request (#7450) containing the exploit module was submitted this morning and is located here if you want to check it out.
Security is Hard
We wanted to extend another big thank you to both Jon and Spencer for the disclosures. We take it as a big compliment that anyone would look at our code as closely as they have, and we owe a lot to both of these researchers for providing fixes. If anyone else finds additional issues, please let us know, and we'll buy you some rounds at the next con we all end up at!
Ridiculous and unrealistic photoshopping is NOT being tolerated anymore—at least not in the U.K.
On Wednesday, the British Advertising Standard Authority ordered Urban Outfitters to remove the image advertising “Polka Dot Mesh Underwear in Fig” from their website (pictured below, center), after receiving a complaint arguing that the model pictured was “unhealthily thin” and that a major retailer celebrating this body type could fuel eating disorders as well as unhealthy eating habits and negative body image.
After investigating, the ASA agreed that the photo used to market this underwear was in violation of one of their rulings that insists advertisements must not be “. . .misleading, harmful, or offensive. . .”
The ASA laid out just why they believed Urban Outfitters was in violation of policy with this particular photograph:
“We considered that the model was very thin, and noted, in particular, that there was a significant gap between the model's thighs, and that their thighs and knees were a similar width. We understood that Urban Outfitters' target market was young people and considered that using a noticeably underweight model was likely to impress upon that audience that the image was representative of the people who might wear Urban Outfitters' clothing, and as being something to aspire to. We therefore concluded that the ad was irresponsible.”
Urban Outfitters has challenged the ruling, insisting that the model featured was booked from “most successful and well-respected model agencies” and has “a healthy waist measurement of 23.5 inches.” The retailer also dismisses the charge that the model is “underweight,” arguing that the model is really just “naturally tall and thin.”
Unfortunately, just removing this one picture is not going to change the fact that some retailers still promote a very narrow standard of beauty that is, for many women, unrealistic. While there is nothing wrong with being naturally thin, but the lack of diverse body types in fashion is a major problem that needs to be tackled on a broader scale.
Retailers need to recognize their responsibility to young, female customers and provide consumers with a variety of images of body types that reflect how diverse we all are. They also need to be aware that by promoting “thigh gaps,” they may be sending the message to young women that they need to look a certain way—even if that standard is unrealistic for their body type, and damaging to their health and self-esteem.
But additional options could be in the offing. They include a stand-alone measure to provide more support to Israel, a provision that would approve the use of military force in the region and perhaps a resolution to approve, rather than disapprove, the Iran accord, which could peel away more Democratic support. The House and Senate also are working to reconcile each chamber's defense bill, which could be a vehicle for these or other options.
At the same time, many Republicans and Democrats are working to assure that several components of the deal hold up.
Senator Chris Coons, Democrat of Delaware, wrote a letter to Mr. Obama in consultation with several other Democrats expressing concerns about the security of Israel, the role of Europe in maintaining sanctions going forward, assurances that Iran would not be able to spend its new pile of cash on supporting terrorism and monitoring of Iran's nuclear energy.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has been tasked to complete a report this year on secret military efforts by Iran to convert its nuclear energy research into weapons work. Under an agreement between the agency and Iran, Iranian scientists are allowed to collect soil samples from a military site called Parchin for analysis by scientists at the agency, an arrangement critics have mocked. But because the details of the agreement have remained secret, supporters of the nuclear accord have had difficulty refuting that criticism.
In their reply to Mr. Coons, Mr. Obama said they are confident the energy agency's arrangements to inspect Parchin “are technically sound, consistent with long-established I.A.E.A. practices, and will provide the information necessary to clarify past and present outstanding issues regarding Iran's nuclear program.”
Mr. Coons said they were also pleased with the section of Mr. Obama's letter that said, “We will maintain powerful sanctions targeting Iran's support for terrorism, its human rights abuses, and destabilizing activities in the region.” Mr. Coons said this addressed “a legitimate concern I heard over and over is that with tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief going to Iran, some portion would likely be used to fund terrorism.”
The nod to all concerns raised “played a role in my vote,” Mr. Coons said.
Ms. Mikulski's decision came a day after Mr. Coons and Senator Bob Casey of Pennsylvania and several Democrats in the House also announced they would support the deal.
Our shuttered lives were set free by the shattered wedding glass whose pieces can never be reassembled. Following our Hebrew vows of consecration to each other and re-giving 20 year old worn rings that have bound us together from the start, we shattered a glass that began a new life reverberating with the shouts of Mazeltov. The shutters of silence flew open to let in a sunlight like we have never known before. I imagine it must have been the same when my parents, Sophie and Stanley, and Malcolm's parents, Bessie and Alex said to each other on different continents so long ago, " I love you and want to stay by your side for all our days." How joyful must they be this day as their sons followed in their footsteps believing that no thing and no one can keep the light of love shuttered.
A talk will be given tomorrow night, Tuesday, August 22, in Naas Town Hall by archaeologists who, while working the site of the Sallins bypass discovered that there was a settlement a few hundred metres north of the village along the Liffey.
Twenty different discoveries were made in the area, including charcoal-production pits, smelting furnaces, cereal-drying kilns, a brick-kiln, post-medieval roadways, a mill-race, prehistoric cremations and a ceremonial ring-ditch.
But the most significant discovery was that of an early medieval enclosure complex on the banks of the River Liffey, north of Sallins in the townland of Castlesize.
The enclosure is marked by a number of a two metre deep ditch. Noel Dunne, an archaeologist with Transport Infrastructure Ireland will give the talk at 8pm.
The dig, with Sallins in the background, to the south.
They told the Leinster Leader that the dig only ended last week and that among the discoveries were the remains of probably the largest ever medieval ‘slaughter dog'.
These dogs were used to guard settlements and houses in medieval times. It was found buried in a kiln which, Noel believes, suggests it was obviously a special dog to its owners.
Other items found include quite a lot of pieces of jewellry including ring pins and a silver strip, glass beads, and a book clasp, which, they said, was quite similar to the St Brigid's cross design.
Mr Dunne said that the discovery gave a fascinating insight into the lives of those who lived then.
Further analysis is required on the findings, they said.
We'll have more detail following the talk tomorrow night which is a Heritage Week event.
Archaeologists working on the site.
Read more: Department objects to Kildare development
Read more: New Lullymore site discovery could have international significance
At least seven civilians, including three children, have been killed in Egyptian air strikes in northeast Libya.
The bombings came as Cairo vowed to find those responsible for the beheadings of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians kidnapped by fighters pledging allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) in Libya's Sirte.
Sources told Al Jazeera on Monday that at least seven people were killed in air strikes in the coastal city of Derna after Egypt's President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi vowed to "punish" those responsible for the beheadings.
Egypt's military said it carried out the raids early on Monday against ISIL camps, training sites and weapons storage areas.
In a statement aired on state television, the military said: "The air strikes hit their [ISIL] targets precisely, and the falcons of our air forces returned safely to their bases."
However, photos published on social media purportedly showed several damaged residential areas in Derna.
Omar al-Hassi, the head of Libya's legally installed government in Tripoli, called the Egyptian raids "terrorism" and denounced them as a "sinful aggression".
"This horrible assault and this terrorism that's been conducted by the Egyptian military represents a violation of sovereignty in Libya and is a clear breach of international law and the UN charter," Hassi said.
Following the raids, Sisi deployed the armed forces to protect key installations and buildings in Egypt.
Fighters pledging allegiance to ISIL released a video on Sunday purporting to show the killing of the Egyptians kidnapped in Libya.
The Egyptian government and the Coptic Church confirmed the authenticity of the footage, which showed the migrant workers, all wearing orange jumpsuits, being beheaded near a waterfront said to be located in the Libyan province of Tripoli.
The men were seized in two attacks in December and January from Sirte in eastern Libya.
Combating ISIL
In the wake of the video release, France and Egypt urged the UN Security Council to meet and consider fresh measures against ISIL.
French President Francois Hollande and Sisi spoke by telephone, highlighting "the importance that the Security Council meet and that the international community take new measures" against the spread of ISIL in Libya.
Egypt later confirmed it had signed a $5.8bn deal to buy French weaponry, including 24 Rafale combat jets, a multi-mission naval frigate and air-to-air missiles.
Libya has slid into chaos after Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown and killed three years ago, as interim authorities failed to confront powerful militias which fought to oust the longtime leader.
Taking advantage of the chaos, ISIL has carried out a string of deadly attacks.
The group has released several propaganda videos showing vows of allegiance from fighters in the country.
In October, Ansar al-Sharia in Derna pledged allegiance to ISIL.
Sunday's video comes less than two weeks after ISIL released a video showing the burning alive of a Jordanian pilot it captured after their plane went down in Syria in December.
A discussion about the future path and nature of communism sparked by some of China's leading tech entrepreneurs could encourage the public to know more about communism and create an opportunity for China to further analyze and realize a communist society, analysts said.
Liu Qiangdong, founder and CEO of Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com, triggered an online debate recently after they suggested in an interview that with technological advances, China can fully realize a communist society, with neither poor nor rich people and all companies being nationalized.
In the past, many people believed that communism is idealistic, "but with the technologies we have laid out in the last two or three years, I have come to recognize that communism can indeed be achieved in our generation," Liu said in an interview that was recorded in November 2016 and aired by online business news site Yicai over the weekend.
Liu added that robots now can handle all the work and the government can equally distribute wealth to all people, so "there will be no more poor or rich people and all companies will be nationalized."
JD.com on August 14 reported a 43.6 percent increase in second-quarter revenue to 93.2 billion yuan ($13.98 billion).
Besides Liu, Jack Ma, founder and chairperson of the Alibaba Group, said in May that the planned economy will become larger, and that "with access to all kinds of data, we may be able to find the invisible hand of the market."
"It is common sense that private capital, like Liu and Ma's businesses, and communism are incompatible, but Liu and Ma's discussion on communism is important and should be seriously considered," Wu Bo, a research fellow at the Academy for Social Sciences Evaluation under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS), told the Global Times on Monday.
They have both noticed the deep change to human society brought by rapid development of science and technology … therefore, regardless of their identities, their comments suit Marx's theoretical logic on the social formation change, Wu said.
"In general, Liu and Ma's remarks indicate that changes and development in human society prove the Marxist theories about what a future society could be," they noted.
Creating wealth
However, on Sunday Liu explained on their Sina Weibo account that the interview with TV personality Qin Shuo was actually focused on how artificial intelligence and other technologies could help create wealth for people and society.
"The deduction and supposition [in the context of 2016's interview] has deviated from my original meaning," Liu said, urging people to stop reading too much and circulating "the erroneous reports."
"Liu's explanation on Sunday shows that communism is a complicated and sensitive topic in China," Wu said.
Communism is the target of the country and the Communist Party of China (CPC), but some people believe talking about communism is improper … some of them even joked about Liu's speech, Wu said.
Actually, it shows that the public, as well as Liu and Ma, have a limited understanding of communism, a topic many people have been avoiding talking about for years, Wu said.
Strengthening education
"The Party has been strengthening the ideal faith education on communism, and Liu's discussion could encourage the public to know about communism and the pursuit of realizing communism," said Su Wei, a professor at the Party School of the CPC Chongqing Municipal Committee.
The process of understanding communism in China is still ongoing, and how to combine the ideal of communism with reality still needs to be explored in the long-term, Wu said.
"However, the concept of communism should be scientific. Liu's statement on 'communism' is not the same as theoretical communism," Su said, noting that flippant discussion of communism should also be avoided.
"Actually, Liu and Ma's statements on communism, compared with those who curtly conclude communism is a thing of the past, are much more meaningful and reasonable, especially on the active discourse of communism," Wu said.
"Nowadays, discussions on communism should be positive. China should further enhance people's education to better understand and acknowledge the basic theory of communism," Wu said.
Yu Zhengsheng, chairperson of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, met with Chinese entrepreneurs in June 2015 to solicit their opinions on the 13th Five-Year Plan (2016-2020).
Yu stressed that entrepreneurs should integrate "ideological and political attainment" into their entrepreneurship.
By Igor Lazorin, tass
Vladimir Hryunov, manager of the mandatory challenger to the "regular" World Boxing Association heavyweight title - Alexander Ustinov of Russia - says the WBA is expected to issue an order this week - to resolve the confusion with the "regular" belt.
The sanctioning body had previously ordered Shannon Briggs and Fres Oquendo to square off for the vacant WBA "regular" belt - with the winner having to make an immediate mandatory defense against Ustinov.
Briggs-Oquendo was expected to take place two weeks ago in Florida, but it was canceled after Briggs failed a random drug test issued by VADA. A urine sample submitted by 45-year-old Briggs showed dramatically elevated levels of testosterone.
Last month, Ustinov returned to the ring after a long layoff and demolished Brazilian Raphael Zumbano Love by TKO in the first round of a contest scheduled for ten. The contest took place in Bolton as part of a Frank Warren card that was televised on BoxNation in the UK.
The Brazilian, within the first minute, was knocked down, and then they continued to get battered until the referee decided to stop the fight, awarding the early victory to Ustinov.
The last time the 40-year-old Ustinov stepped into the ring in December 2015, when they won against German boxer Konstantin Airich by knockout in the fifth round.
Because of the drug test failure, Hryunov has filed a request with the WBA to have Ustinov replace Briggs in the title fight with Oquendo.
Briggs also filed documents, appealing the WBA's decision to remove them from the bout.
"We are waiting for WBA's resolution on this matter, it should get issued during the week. Briggs' side has tried to appeal against the decision (to cancel the title fight). They made a request to the WBA to show mercy, so Briggs could take part in the fight (with Oquendo)," Hryunov said.
Christian Hurttienne Architects announced a new project today in North Corktown, involving new construction of single-family homes. This project has something we don't see a lot in Detroit real estate - traditional financing for the construction of these houses.
Each of the houses will be valued at about $200,000 and will be built on lots on Ash Street and Sycamore Street. The lots were approved to be purchased by the homeowners from the Detroit Land Bank Authority and will be the first homes for both families.
Construction will begin in Spring 2017.
North Corktown has many older single-family homes, duplexes, apartment buildings, and quite a few empty lots. CHA is hoping to add more density to the neighborhood and have plans to build on more lots. They're looking for more homeowners at this time.
“We work with the homeowners to come up with a design that suits their needs, cost the house, and then help them find traditional bank financing. The Detroit Lank Bank Authority then reviews the request to purchase the lot from their inventory. North Corktown is a transitional neighborhood that is perfect for this kind of development,” said Brian Hurttienne, principal, Christian Hurttienne Architects. “Our goal is to find a small group of homeowners who want to build at the same time so we can be efficient with our building process.”
“We support this project and greatly appreciate the fact that the concept was brought to our group's attention for comment prior to initiation,” said Paul Emery, president, North Corktown Neighborhood Association. “Our group would like to work with developers to balance new development with preserving of some of the green and open spaces, which make the neighborhood such a desirable place to live.”
Here's an idea of what more of the houses could look like.
If feedback on our Facebook page is anything to go by many of our readers have been buying new 1440p and 4K monitors. It would appear however that buying a new monitor is not a completely pain free experience, based on our inbox in recent months anyway.
A handful of readers has sent me emails on horror stories recently – receiving monitors with a single, or more than one dead pixels – sometimes in central panel positions. Often, it would appear that the retailer involved is under no obligation to replace a panel with a couple of dead pixels – even though it is brand new. The general ‘ruling' seems to be some dead pixels are perfectly acceptable.
I can't help but feel that the general mass market audience might not even notice a dead pixel, but I am certain that many obsessive, quality driven KitGuru readers would find even one or two dead pixels a serious distraction.
We don't often name a retailer involved in reader emails as it is difficult to know if emails have a hidden agenda – after all a company can send an email or post a comment under an individual name to try and damage a competitor. Sadly this is in fact a sneaky tactic that has been going on now for many years.
What we can share today actually happened to one of the KitGuru editorial team Matthew Wilson. Matthew has worked for me now for years so I know they are a genuine, ‘real' person – an enthusiast gamer, likely just like you reading this today. What occurred has raised concerns with me, especially as it could be an important warning to readers going to buy a new, expensive monitor.
Matthew is a young journalist living in Manchester so they decided to buy a new 144hz monitor locally from ARIA – picking up a brand-new Acer XB270HU Predator Nvidia G-Sync monitor shown HERE on their store. When Matthew unboxed the panel, all looked well – until they fired it up. Sadly they immediately noticed a dead pixel in a fairly central panel position.
As they live just around the corner from ARIA they decided to take it back on Saturday afternoon to ask if they could get it replaced. The staff member at ARIA said they wouldn't replace the panel as up to '19 dead pixels' on a 27 inch 2560×1440 monitor is considered acceptable. Matthew then asked if they could please have their money back – the dead pixel was distracting.
The customer services representative told them that if they wanted a refund they would need to keep 25% of the price they paid. In this case a quick calculation shows that 25% of £550 is £137.50.
Above: Brand new £550 Acer XB270HU Predator Nvidia G-Sync monitor. Would this be a problem for you?
Matthew is forced to either deal with the annoying dead pixel, or lose a rather hefty £137.50 overnight. From my own point of view, I was always under the impression that a couple of dead pixels was classed by the industry as acceptable, although I know that if I buy from Amazon in the UK it is easy enough to send it back, without any issue. What do you feel? Would you live with a dead pixel if you just spent £550 on a new monitor? How many dead pixels is it before you class it a problem? Surely not 18 or 19?
ISO 13406-2 guidelines which specify an “acceptable” number of dead pixels by display category. By this standard, Class 1 displays tolerate exactly zero dead pixels or sub-pixels which makes them expensive and uncommon. Class II monitors–the kinds we actually use–are allowed to exhibit two malfunctioning pixels and five malfunctioning sub-pixels per million. On a 1080p display, four dead pixels and ten dead sub-pixels would be within ISO tolerances. (Source). This ISO guideine is likely now out of date, but apart from Wikipedia, there is little information on what exactly the rulings are. Every manufacturer seems to have different views on this.
This report is a few years old, but it does list some details on various policies from panel manufacturers. Tested.com say ‘Acer's policy doesn't give us much to cover–it sticks right with ISO standards and doesn't distinguish between dark and bright malfunctioning sub-pixels.
Acceptable pixel anomalies Resolution Bright or Dark 1024×768 4 1280×1024 7 1600×1200 10 2048×1536 16
The ARIA staff member dealing with Matthew in store on Saturday didn't mention if this was an ACER policy and they didn't go into detail about another monitor manufacturer or different company policies, it was just a general statement – that ‘up to 19 dead pixels on a 2560×1440 27-inch monitor is classed as acceptable'.
Based on the Tested.com report ViewSonic have a 30 day Zero Dead Pixel Policy. That is certainly what we like to see! To get up to date information, we have sent out a series of emails this weekend to various manufacturers.
If any of our readers have experience of problems buying a new monitor with dead pixels and a retailer has either helped, or refused support, do let us know on our Facebook page over HERE. It will be interesting to get your first-hand experiences.
Matthew is going to contact ACER directly on this matter, to see what they say about it. After all they have no other option now.
EDIT: ACER (support rep Vishal) have just replied directly to Matthew in email and said ‘Hi Matthew, It would depend where on the display the dead pixels are. If your dead pixels fall within the tolerance allowed for defective pixels, we would not be able to repair this under the terms of the warranty.
Acer's pixel policy states, there shall not be more than 4 defective pixels per million pixels on a given LCD display. Additionally if the display panel is divided into 9 equal rectangular areas, there shall not be more than one defective pixel in the central area of the display.
If you are not sure about the dead pixels being within the terms of the pixel policy, we may be able to arrange for your machine to come in to our repair centre for one of our technicians to assess.'
It just goes to show that if you are buying a new monitor – check with the manufacturer and retail store – get both of their policies clear BEFORE parting with your cash. The worst case scenario is that it may be an expensive problem you are forced to live with.
Join Discussion on our Facebook page, over HERE.
Kitguru says: I know some of our readers have claimed they won't buy from Amazon due to the UK tax evasion scandal in recent years, but would you not feel more comfortable buying a monitor from them if you knew that you had a full month to claim your money back if you weren't happy?
A Muslim woman wearing a niqab has been forced to leave a theatre in France after the cast refused to perform in protest against them attire.
The niqab is a traditional Muslim garment which covers the head and chest, with the exception of the eyes. It is illegal in France.
The incident occurred during the performance of La Traviata at Opera Bastille in Paris, the opera house's deputy director Jean-Philippe Thiellay told AFP.
The episode is believed to have happened on 3 October. However, French media did not report it until Sunday [19 October].
The woman, from the Gulf State, was visiting France with their companion. They were asked to remove the veil or leave the theatre as "performers said they didn't want to sing," Thiellay explained.
After the deputy-director was made aware of the cast's request, an usher approached the woman.
"He told them that in France there is a ban of this nature, asked them to either uncover their face or leave the room. The man asked the woman to get up, they left," Thiellay said, adding that it was unpleasant "to ask someone to leave."
"But there was a misunderstanding of the law and the lady either had to respect it or leave," they added.
The pair had paid €231 (£183) each for their seats. They did not demand any compensation, Opera Bastille said.
The use of the niqab and the burqa, a veil worn by some Muslim women which covers the entire body with a semi-transparent cloth covering the eyes, has been illegal in France since 2011.
According to the law, people are not allowed to wear garments that cover the face, including masks, balaclavas (cloths that cover the face with exception of the eyes), helmets and hoods in public spaces.
Transgressors are subjected to fines of up to €150 (£118).
In 2011, the then president Nicolas Sarkozy defended the law by saying it was necessary to deny shoplifters and terrorists the chance to hide their identities and facial features.
After a disastrous 2015 Super Rugby season, there has been a near total clean out of South African rugby coaches. For those who like a good conspiracy theory, it might seem like an executive decision was made in the SARU boardroom.
This could not have come at a better time, as the South African game has stagnated to the extent that attacking options are limited to the kick and chase, the driving maul and forwards acting as first receivers, trying to bash their way through opponents' defenses. All three of these options have been relatively easily defended over the last couple of years and it appears that South African coaches have been unable to evolve their game plans past the power game that was successful up until 2011.
Let's take a look at all of the South African franchises for the newly constituted Super Rugby tournament in 2016.
Emirates Lions:
This is the only South African franchise that carries over their coaching team from 2015. Johan Ackermann has started to develop something special at the Lions and their attacking mindset is a rare exception in the South African Conference. After briefly flirting with the idea of taking the reigns as the Southern Kings head coach, Lions assistant coach Swys de Bruin decided they have unfinished business at the Lions and will remain as Ackermann's right hand man.
Toyota Free State Cheetahs:
Head Coach Naka Drotske tendered their resignation and was granted an early release with two games to go in the 2015. Their replacement is Franco Smith, an ex-Cheetahs, Bulls and Springbok center/flyhalf. They have experience coaching in Italy at Treviso and then as head coach of the Shimlas, who won the 2015 edition of the Varsity Cup. Their stated intent is to allow their players to play with a smile on their faces and this was evident in the Cheetahs win over the Bulls in the final round of Super Rugby.  They are sure to be the breath of fresh air that the Cheetahs are looking for, but there is the perennial question mark over the franchise's ability to retain their marquee players in order to be a legitimate threat in the tournament.
Cell C Sharks:
There are many Sharks supporters who have it in for current Head Coach Gary Gold, but the truth be told they inherited a squad they did not recruit and a support staff they did not appoint. For 2016, Gold will be moved to the Director of Rugby position and the Sharks are looking for a new Head Coach. Brad McLeod-Henderson thought they had the inside track to get this position, but this was not the case. They were offered a new position at the Sharks but they declined and tendered their resignation on Monday 15 June. A number of names have been bandied about including John Plumtree and John Mitchell. John Smit was instrumental in removing Plumtree and Mitchell, who does have an exceptional rugby brain, has question marks over their man management skills after rumoured run-ins with officialdom after player complaints, both at the Western Force and the Lions.
DHL Stormers:
The Stormers Head Coach position has been the one that has been available for the longest in South Africa as it has been known that they are on their way to Japan for a long time. John Dobson's name has been thrown into the hat for the position and John Plumtree has been approached as well. The Stormers desperately need a new outlook on how to play the game. They may have won the South African Conference more than any other team, but they have never tasted Super Rugby success. With the attacking talent they have at their disposal, this is unacceptable and they need to look past the current conservative game they are currently playing. John Mitchell was also approached for this position but declined as current Director of Rugby, Gert Smal, only has two years left on their current contract and Mitchell was not guaranteed employment after this and they were not prepared to resign as CEO of the engineering company they are employed at, as well as their analyst job at Supersport for what in real terms is only a short term contract.
Vodacom Bulls:
The Bulls are the most successful South African franchise in Super Rugby, having won the competition three times. For a franchise with the proud history of the Bulls, the last two years in Super Rugby and the Currie Cup is just not acceptable. Fans have been calling for the resignation of Frans Ludeke for a long time, so their decision to step down on Saturday 13 June was largely welcomed. Nollis Marais, the current Under 21 coach, has been appointed as the new Currie Cup coach, but there is no news as to who the new Super Rugby Head Coach will be. Victor Matfield's name has been thrown into the hat, but popular opinion is that they are not ready to coach a Super Rugby team yet. I would agree with this for one simple reason. As the Bulls attack coach in 2015, they promised a much more attacking mindset from the Bulls in 2015, but we saw little of this so I have to question how much influence they really did have. Some pundits have also correctly pointed out that the transition from player to coach is not easy and very few have done so immediately with much success, just take a look at the example of Martin Johnson in the England job.
Southern Kings:
The Kings' readmission to Super Rugby means a fresh start for them and they will also be in the market for a Head Coach. Former All Black flyhalf Carlos Spencer might have thought that they had the position, but it appears that they are not in the reckoning at all as they have been demoted from Currie Cup coach to backline and skills coach. Brent Janse van Rensburg has been appointed as Currie Cup coach. They have previous experience as coach of the Madibaz in the Varsity Cup, but is not ready to coach a Super Rugby team. After Lions assistant coach Swys de Bruin decided not to sign with them, the next name associated with the position has been former Pumas coach Jimmy Stonehouse. It would be a major coup for the Kings to pull this off though as Stonehouse has only just started their tenure of Japanese side Toshiba Brave Lupus and I don't see them being in the financial position to leverage this, given that they have yet to announce a title sponsor.
It is well known that South African rugby franchises are very reluctant to appoint coaches from outside of their current coaching structures and this is a a sad state of affairs as this means that they are unlike to revolutionize their approach to the game. What South African desperately needs now are coaches who encourage a more creative game plan. I don't subscribe to the notion that South African players do not have the skills to adopt a more adventurous game. It is there at schoolboy level, but it is coached out of them as soon as they are contracted at one of the Franchises.
I don't see hugely different results in 2016 as it takes time for a new coach to impose their pattern of play on a new squad unless it is the same old game plan that the previous coach used. I would gladly accept this if it meant that and change to the South African game is revolution as opposed to an evolution.
“Main Photo:”
Dr. Keith Ablow, a practicing psychiatrist known as much for their media persona on the Fox News channel and elsewhere as their two New York Times bestsellers, wrote what I thought was a pretty savage, fear-mongering diatribe recently against parents letting their children watch any episode of “Dancing with the Stars” that features a person who has undergone transgender surgery, Chaz Bono.
Their logic is a thing of beauty to behold in its twisted triumph: Because some children who may be watching may be undergoing their own self-identity and sexual transformation (as most teenagers do at some point in their normal development), they are “vulnerable:” “The last thing vulnerable children and adolescents need, as they wrestle with the normal process of establishing their identities [… is to watch an adult who's made the choice to change their gender].”
Except that Dr. Ablow says it in an emotionally-charged, vulgar manner so as to transform an immense and difficult decision into something that focuses solely on the physical aspects of a transgendered person's identity.
I've typically come to expect shallow pop psychology from many of our media psychologists and psychiatrists. But somehow, I expected something more… well, thoughtful, from my colleague here in Newburyport.
It's not as if Dr. Ablow doesn't have the capacity for empathy and talking about a person's sense of self (rather than focusing on shallow physical attributes). Because by the end of the very same article, they say:
And if all that failed, and if Chaz Bono wanted either to kill themselves or to undergo gender reassignment surgery [Ed. – notice how they seemingly and not-so-subtly equates suicide to the thought of undergoing transgender surgery], I would have taken that journey with her, too. I would have talked their parents through the hell of it. We would make the best of it.
How does Dr. Ablow know this isn't exactly what happened? I mean, most people who undergo the painful — both emotionally and physically — transgendered change do so only after lots of discussion usually accompanied by psychotherapy. It's not like it's a decision made on the spur of the moment.
Unfortunately, it degenerates from there:
But I would feel no triumph in it, no sense of any heroic overcoming obstacles and righting the flesh in accordance with the soul. I would feel pathos. I would feel the limits of my attempts to truly heal Chaz Bono, and I would wish them well with a life that had veered, seemingly unavoidably, into a very dark place.
Apparently in Dr. Ablow's eyes, people who undergo the transgendered process are broken individuals, in need of repair. There are no transgendered people — only people who are confused and in need of treatment to alleviate their condition.
This is an exquisite parallel to how psychiatrists used to talk about homosexuality at one time in the dark ages of psychiatry (the 1950s and '60s). They once believed — we now know mistakenly — that all homosexuals were simply “mentally ill” and in need of psychoanalysis or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to help “cure” them of their homosexuality. Luckily such prejudicial and ignorant views were enlightened by the 1980s, when homosexuality was all but removed from the psychiatric diagnostic manual.
In my opinion, it's also a very judgmental thing to say about a transgendered individual — from a mental health professional no less (who ostensibly are supposed to check their judgment at the office front door.) It also suggests a prejudice against people whoare sexual and self-identity doesn't fit in with Dr. Ablow's own ideas of what sexuality and self-identity is acceptable. A prejudice that only goes to reinforce the stigma, ignorance and hate against people who are transgendered.
But after gathering my mouth from the floor, I have to go back to whether Dr. Ablow's position — that children could be either irreprepably harmed or unduly influenced by watching a single series of a television show — is based in any sort of reality. You know, like scientific evidence.
Because Dr. Ablow appears to believe that watching some episodes of a dance competition where a transgendered person happens to be one of the contestants is akin to an indoctrination into transgendered society:
It would be wrong to think that gender dysphoria cannot be kindled by celebrating those who have undergone sexual reassignment surgery. Human beings do model one another—in terms of emotion, thought and behavior. By broadcasting, applauding and mainstreaming the journey of a very disordered person who endured, and likely will continue to endure, real suffering based on extraordinarily deep psychological problems, we suggest that that journey is a smart—even heroic—one to take.
So I have to ask myself — since Dr. Ablow didn't provide any research backing to support their hypothesis — does the research back them up on this? Could children simply model themselves and base their identity on a reality TV show contestant after watching them for a few episodes?
An in-depth literature search turned up nothing. Not a single study could be found that associated watching television with directly (or indirectly) influencing childhood sexual development or self-identity. I couldn't find research that even revealed just a correlation, much less a study showing a direct causation relationship between the two.
Which isn't really all that surprising a finding, even if you used just plain common sense… Just think for a moment how much violence children watch on television. But most children don't grow up to turn into violent criminals because of it. That's not to say that television — or far more immersive, interactive media such as video games or the Internet — don't play an impact in a child's development and self-identity. They do. But there's no evidence that they do so in a dose-related response where 5 or 10 episodes of anything is going to be a life-changing event for a child or teen.
Therefore the premise that watching 5 or 10 episodes of a television show of a person dancing would have any influence — much less a life-defining, definitive impact — on a person's sexual- or self-identity is simply hogwash. There's not a shred of scientific evidence to support such a ridiculous premise. It's simply the personal opinion of a single individual who is promoting a specific prejudice against people they feel are broken and are in need of their help.
So I have to wonder — is this kind prejudice and passing judgment about a person he's never seen professionally really the kind of thing one should expect from a respected mental health professional such as Dr. Ablow? Is spouting off about “vulnerable” children a responsible, thoughtful opinion, when a professional such as Dr. Ablow is in a position to help educate and dispel the myths so often associated with difficult issues such as sexual- and self-identity?
Or is Dr. Ablow simply perpetuating the stereotypes and pop-psychology nonsense professionals like themselves have been doing for decades about things like child development?
Read Dr. Keith Ablow's article: Don't Let Your Kids Watch Chaz Bono On ‘Dancing With The Stars'
An excellent resource for more information: Gender Identity Disorder and Transgenderism
Don't Let Your Kids Watch Dr. Keith Ablow
A Californian eight-year-old boy was beaten to death by their mother's ex-boyfriend while they were trying to protect their younger sister from molestation.
Dante Daniels was attacked by Deandre Chaney Jr., 23, with a hammer on September 1st in South Sacremento, California. They never made it to their second day of third grade.
According to a criminal report, Chaney Jr. was engaged in the crime of committing a lewd act on Danae, Dante's seven-year-old sister.
Dante Daniels, eight, was attacked by Deandre Chaney Jr., 23, with a hammer on September 1st in South Sacremento, California, while trying to protect their sister
'Trying to save their sister from this child molester, and that's why they were beat the worst,' said Dante's grandmother, Monique Brown, to KFVS 12.
The suspect also used a hammer and knife on Danae, as well as their mother, 28-year-old Elizabeth Salone.
 They are also said to have used lighter fluid.
According to a criminal report, Chaney Jr. was engaged in the crime of committing a lewd act on Danae, Dante's seven-year-old sister
'Trying to save their sister from this child molester, and that's why they were beat the worst,' said Dante's grandmother, Monique Brown, to KFVS 12
The suspect also used a hammer and knife on Danae, as well as their mother, 28-year-old Elizabeth Salone
Dante was declared brain dead following the attack and died six days later.
Both their sister and mother survived, but Brown has said that Monique won't be able to see out their left eye and Danae will need a lot of help.
And the grandmother believes their little one is a hero, even after death.
Along with murder and attempted murder charges, Chaney Jr. also faces a charge for lewd acts with a child under 14
'Dante gave their heart to a 4-year-old In Southern California, so a 4-year-old lives because of [him],' Brown added.
Along with murder and attempted murder charges, Chaney Jr. also faces a charge for lewd acts with a child under 14.
A Gofundme has been set up to raise money for the family.
Ceres, which orbits the Sun in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter, is a unique body in the Solar System, bearing many similarities to Jupiter's moon Europa and Saturn's moon Enceladus, both considered to be potential sources for harboring life.
In March of 2015, NASA's Dawn mission will arrive at the dwarf planet Ceres, the first of the smaller class of planets to be discovered and the closest to Earth.
On Thursday, August 15, Britney Schmidt, science team liaison for the Dawn Mission, and Julie Castillo-Rogez, planetary scientist from JPL, spoke in an Google Plus Hangout titled 'Ceres: Icy World Revealed?' about the growing excitement related to the innermost icy body.
"I think of Ceres actually as a game changer in the Solar System," Schmidt said. "Ceres is arguably the only one of its kind."
The innermost icy body
When Ceres was discovered in 1801, astronomers first classified it as a planet. The massive body traveled between Mars and Jupiter, where scientists had mathematically predicted a planet should lie. Further observations revealed that a number of small bodies littered the region, and Ceres was downgraded to just another asteroid within the asteroid belt. It wasn't until Pluto was classified as a dwarf planet in 2006 that Ceres was upgraded to the same level.
Ceres is the most massive body in the asteroid belt, and larger than some of the icy moons scientists consider ideal for hosting life. It is twice the size of Enceladus, Saturn's geyser-spouting moon that may hide liquid water beneath its surface.
Unlike other asteroids, the Texas-sized Ceres has a perfectly rounded shape that hints toward its origins.
"The fact that Ceres is so round tells us that it almost certainly had to form in the early solar system," Schmidt said. They explained that a later formation would have created a less rounded shape.
The shape of the dwarf planet, combined with its size and total mass, reveal a body of incredibly low density.
"Underneath this dusty, dirty, clay-type surface, we think that Ceres might be icy," Schmidt said. "It could potentially have had an ocean at one point in its history."
"The difference between Ceres and other icy bodies [in the Solar System] is that it's the closest to the Sun," Castillo-Rogez said.
Less than three times as far as Earth from the Sun, Ceres is close enough to feel the warmth of the star, allowing ice to melt and reform.
Investigating the interior of the dwarf planet could provide insight into the early solar system, especially locations where water and other volatiles might have existed.
"Ceres is like the gatekeeper to the history of water in the middle solar system," Schmidt said.
Studying the surface
As large as Ceres is, its distance has made it a challenge to study from Earth. Images taken by the space-based Hubble Space Telescope provided some insight to its surface, but to be sighted, features could be no larger than 25 kilometers in diameter. Several round circular spots mar the terrain, features which Schmidt said could be any one of a number of geologic terrains, including potentially impact basins or chaos terrains similar to those found on Europa. The largest of these, named Piazzi in honor of the dwarf planet's discoverer, has a diameter of about 250 kilometers. If this feature is an impact basin, it would have been formed by an object approximately 25 km in size.
But for Schmidt, this is another possible indication about the dwarf planet's surface.
"It doesn't mean that Ceres hasn't been hit by something bigger than 25 kilometers," they said."It just means that whatever is going on on Ceres has totally erased [the topographic signature of that event]."
Ceres may have suffered major impacts, especially during periods of heavy bombardment early in the Solar System's history. If the surface contained ice, however, those features may have been erased.
Telescopes on Earth have also been able to study the light reflecting from the planet and read its spectra.
"The spectrum is telling you that water has been involved in the creation of materials on the surface," Schmidt said.
The spectrum indicates that water is bound up in the material on the surface of Ceres, forming a clay. Schmidt compared it to the recent talk of minerals found by NASA's Curiosity on the surface of Mars.
"[Water is] literally bathing the surface of Ceres," they said.
In addition, astronomers have found evidence of carbonates, minerals that form in a process involving water and heat. Carbonates are often produced by living processes.
The original material formed with Ceres has mixed with impacting material over the last 4.5 billion years, creating what Schmidt calls "this mixture of water-rich materials that we find on habitable planets like the Earth and potentially habitable planets like Mars."
A prime site for life?
Water is considered a necessary ingredient for the evolution of life as we know it. Planets that may have once contained water, such as Mars, as well as moons that could contain it today, like Enceladus and Europa, are all thought to be ideal for hosting or having once hosted life.
Because of its size and closeness, Schmidt calls Ceres "arguably more interesting than some of these icy satellites."
"If it's icy, it had to have an ocean at some point in time," they said.
Castillo-Rogez compared Earth, Europa, and Ceres, and found that the dwarf planet bore many similarities to Earth, perhaps more than Jupiter's icy moon. Both Earth and Ceres use the Sun as a key heat source, while Europa takes its heat from its tidal interaction with Jupiter. In addition, the surface temperature of the dwarf planet averages 130 to 200 degrees Kelvin, compared to Earth's 300 K, while Europa is a frosty 50 to 110 K.
"At least at the equator where the surface is warmer, Ceres could have preserved a liquid of sorts," Castillo-Rogez said.
Liquid water could exist at other points on the dwarf planet known as cold traps, shadowed areas where frozen water could remain on the surface. Such icy puddles have been found on Earth's moon.
"The chemistry, thermal activity, the heat source, and the prospect for convection within the ice shell are the key ones that make us think that Ceres could have been habitable at least at some point in its history," Castillo-Rogez said.
The future of Ceres
As scientists develop more information about Europa and Enceladus, there has been a greater call to investigate the two prime sites for life. But Schmidt and Castillo-Rogez think that Ceres could also be a great boon for astrobiology and space exploration.
"It's not a difficult environment to investigate," they said."As we think about the future of landed missions for people and rovers, why not go to Ceres?"
Though it would be more challenging to drill into than Europa, which boasts an icy surface layer, the dwarf planet would make a great site to rove around on. Schmidt also noted that it could make a great launching point when it comes to reaching the outer solar system. Its smaller mass would make it easier to land on--and leave--than Mars, which could make it a good site for manned missions.
"We have such a big planet bias, we have such a bias for things that look exactly like us," Schmidt said.
"In this kind of special place in the Solar System, we have a very unique object that might be telling us a lot about what we don't know about building a habitable planet."
NASA's Dawn mission launched September 27, 2007. It traveled to the asteroid Vesta, where it remained in orbit from July 2011 to July 2012 before heading to Ceres. It is slated to spend five months studying the dwarf planet, though Schmidt expressed hope that the craft would continue working beyond the nominal mission, allowing the team to study the icy body even longer.
Castillo-Rogez pointed out that not only will Dawn reach Ceres in 2015, the European Space Agency's Rosetta spacecraft will be escorting the comet Churyumov-Gerasimenko around the Sun that year, while NASA's New Horizons mission will be reaching Pluto and its moon Charon.
"'15 is going to be a great year for icy bodies," Castillo-Rogez said.
"I think when we get to Ceres, it's just going to be an absolute game changer, a new window into the Solar System that we wouldn't have without going there," Schmidt said
- Nola Taylor Redd NASA Astroniology Magazine
Please follow Astrobiology on Twitter.
Hong Kong, China (CNN) -- Typhoon Megi cut a deadly path into Asia on Friday, triggering mudslides that killed seven people and trapped more than 400 others in automobiles in Taiwan, officials said.
At least 23 people, including 19 passengers on a tour bus, remained missing Friday night, Taiwan's official Central News Agency reported.
Rescuers were searching for the missing and providing food to other stranded tourists trapped in the mountainous region of northeastern Taiwan.
Helicopters were able to evacuate about 70 people, China's state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The driver and a passenger of a second tour bus were also listed as missing Friday after their vehicle was buried by a landslide, CNA reported.
Soldiers were deployed to rescue those trapped, including about 200 visitors from China, said Cai Min, a spokesperson for Taiwan's National Disaster Prevention and Protection Commission. More than two dozen travelers had been rescued by late afternoon Friday, officials said.
The rock slides happened mainly along the Suhua Highway, in northeast Taiwan, Cai said.
Megi, which killed at least 11 people in the Philippines, is expected to reach the Asian continent in southern China early Saturday, according to the Hong Kong Observatory.
On the streets of Hong Kong, there were no signs of the typhoon yet.
"Although it is difficult to predict Megi's exact track, the public should stay alert and attend to their personal safety. They should stay away from the shoreline, avoid unnecessary outdoor activities and ensure drains are not blocked," acting Secretary for Security Lai Tung-kwok said.
As precautions, crews in Hong Kong were deployed to pile sandbags, inspect and trim trees and check drains. Temporary shelters were being opened, and myriad boats were moored.
Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year, the state-run Xinhua news agency has said.
In southern China, strong gales arrived ahead of Megi. Domestic and international flights have been cancelled, and ferry services have been suspended in Guangdong, Fujian and Hainan, state-run China Daily said.
In Guangdong, crews have fanned out to inspect reservoirs, dikes and water-conservation projects, in an effort to prevent storm-related injuries and deaths.
Nearly 130,000 fishing boats have been recalled in Fujian, Guangdong and Hainan provinces, and more than 150,000 people have fled for safety in Fujian, according to Xinhua.
Officials have issued the highest of four warnings, bracing for possible devastation in coastal areas, Xinhua said. The warning allows local officials six hours to evacuate residents, close schools and airports, and recall vessels that are considered at risk.
On Thursday in the Philippines, lawmakers placed the province of Pangasinan under a state of emergency, to help municipalities recover from Megi, which was known in the Philippines as Typhoon Juan.
The typhoon affected an estimated 258,844 Filipinos, leaving thousands homeless.
CNN's Helena Hong contributed to this report.
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea has ordered its biggest-ever cull of chickens and other poultry, gassing millions of birds to fight an avian flu outbreak spreading at what the government called an unprecedented rate.
Most of the birds culled were egg-laying hens, sending local egg prices sharply higher. Among the first consumers to react, bakeries said they were are cutting down on egg purchases and some families said they were switching to other foods.
The Agriculture Ministry said on Friday it had ordered the cull of 4 million more birds, which would take to 16 million the total number killed since mid-November, or almost one-fifth of the poultry population.
On Thursday, South Korea raised its bird flu alert status to the highest level for the first time, because of the rapid spread of the H5N6 virus.
The government has said it has found 54 cases of the virus in poultry since the first outbreak was reported on Nov. 18.
“It appears to be more highly pathogenic and it is spreading more quickly than the H5N8 virus that occurred in 2014,” Agriculture Minister Kim Jae-soo told reporters.
About 14 million birds were culled until that outbreak was finally brought under control in November 2015.
“We have appointed a central emergency measures headquarters to oversee the situation and reinforce our pan-governmental response measures,” added Kim.
They were flanked by officials who, like him, were wearing the yellow windbreakers donned during emergencies.
Although cases of human infections from the H5N6 virus have been previously reported elsewhere, including China, no cases of human infections have ever been detected in South Korea.
Outbreaks of avian influenza have been reported recently in Japan and several European nations, including France, which widened “high risk” restrictions nationwide last week.
Authorities in the southern Chinese city of Macau temporarily closed a poultry market and halted sales of live birds citywide after a trader tested positive for its first human case of the H7N9 bird flu virus, the government said.
The 58-year-old man has been quarantined in hospital and has yet to show symptoms. More than 10,000 chickens and pigeons at the Nam Yue market were culled on Tuesday after the discovery of the virus.
In Seoul, the average retail price for 30 eggs had risen 15 percent to 6,279 won ($5.31) by Thursday since the outbreak began, the state-run Korea Agro-Fisheries & Food Trade Corp said, adding that prices were likely to rise further.
“(Eggs) are too expensive...I make rolled omelet often for my meals, but I guess I would have to change it to things like fishcake. My family consumes around two trays per month, but because of the price I would have to make it one,” said 67-year-old Jun Chang-gil, who was shopping at Lotte Mart in Seoul.
South Korean health officials bury chickens at a poultry farm where the highly pathogenic H5N6 bird flu virus broke out in Haenam, South Korea, November 17, 2016. Yonhap/via REUTERS
Sim Jae-hak, a baker at the Humming Bella cafe in Seoul, said its menu was being changed to include more mousse and cheese cake, items that use fewer eggs.
The agriculture ministry said it would consider a temporary shutdown of slaughterhouses and animal feed factories if necessary to limit the spread of the virus.
The ministry had already stepped up quarantine measures, including a temporary nationwide ban on poultry transport.
CARACAS (Reuters) - When children at a Catholic-run school in a poor neighborhood of Venezuela's Caracas capital began fainting from hunger, teachers asked them to draw or describe their most recent meals and what they expected to eat next.
A drawing made during a lesson at a school shows what a student ate during the course of a day in Caracas, Venezuela July 14, 2016. The student wrote, "Ate corn cake with cheese for breakfast; had spaghetti with egg for lunch and a cookie for dinner." The student said that pizza was their favourite dish. Picture taken July 14, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
The responses were shocking.
Some of the 478 kindergarten and primary students had gone without breakfast and were skipping other meals. Others expected to eat only bread, yucca or “arepa,” a form of cornmeal flatbread that is a local staple.
The drawings and texts at the Padre Jose Maria Velaz school in western Caracas are another symptom of the oil-rich South American nation's deep economic crisis and its effects on nutrition and eating habits.
Due to the faltering socialist economy and the plunge in global oil prices, Venezuela has been in recession since early 2014. It suffers from the world's highest inflation and is experiencing shortages of basic goods, from milk to medicines.
Huge lines at shops and pharmacies are now the norm, and hungry residents are quickly stripping the nation's lush mango, coconut and papaya trees.
Depicting their latest meals, some students at Padre Jose Maria Velaz drew just mangoes and plantains. One said they had eaten rice and beans for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Another said they had no breakfast. “We are waiting for food.
“I have pasta and ham for lunch,” they added. “I'm hungry.”
School director Maria Hidalgo said one in four children there were eating inadequately, and some teachers had also fainted from hunger.
“It's dramatic, what we are going through,” Hidalgo said.
“What kind of Venezuela are we going to have in 10 years?”
Critics say Venezuela's crisis is the fault of economic policies under President Nicolas Maduro and their predecessor, Hugo Chavez. But the government says it is the victim of an “economic war” led by opposition politicians, business people and the United States.
Alexis Marin, who runs the food program for state schools, said children were receiving proper supplies.
“With all the economic war, they couldn't destroy the school food program,” they told state TV.
The children at Padre Jose Maria Velaz at least had a happy reprieve: Nearby private textile company Telares de Palo Grande and local charity Mi Convive recently organized a party around a healthy meat soup for all to mark the end of the school year.
TORONTO – By midnight on Monday the Toronto Raptors will have to do what so far has been almost impossible to do: Make an accurate bet on how good Terrence Ross is or can be.
This is like guessing how big a room is in the pitch dark. Depending on which wall you starting sliding your hand down, you might end up with a very different idea.
The deadline to offer the No. 8 pick in the 2012 draft passes when the clock strikes 12. The Raptors have had some talks with Ross' agent but as of Sunday night hadn't made an offer.
He's not an easy player to value properly. Their day-to-day resume is a bit thin, but the potential remains and at their best they offer something that is essential in the modern NBA – an athletic, deep-shooting wing who can cover elite athletes on defence.
Ross is a dunk contest champion and shares the Raptors single-game scoring record of 51 points with Vince Carter. Two seasons ago they shot a more-than-respectable 41 per cent from the three-point line. They can, when moved, guard two or three different positions, and they can run like the wind.
But then there are moments when Ross plays likes he's exhausted from staying up too late playing Call of Duty against some online pals in New Zealand, which may not even be a stretch.
Their last two games — parts of them, anyway — tell the tale perfectly.
On Friday night against the Boston Celtics it was Ross who closed the door for Toronto, as they counted 13 of their 21 points in the fourth quarter, making full use of their 21 minutes of floor time. But as the Raptors improved to 3-0 on the season with an easy 106-87 win over the visiting Milwaukee Bucks Sunday, Ross was invisible, at least in the first half when they missed an open three, an open baseline jumper off an inbounds play and a runner they took without much conviction. Defensively they lost their man more than once as well.
“Consistency is the key on both ends of the floor, not just their offence but their defence,” said Raptors head coach Dwane Casey, who became the winningest coach in Raptors history with their 157th win, passing Sam Mitchell. “And that's a huge question with him.”
It's easy enough to suggest that Raptors general manager Masai Ujiri should show some tough love and let the deadline sign Ross to a contract extension pass and let them prove their worth this season. Without an extension he'll be a restricted free agent next summer. The Raptors would be able to match any offer they might get.
Let them earn it.
But even that is complicated.
If they have anything that even hints at a robust year he'll be on the market in a summer when the NBA's salary cap is expected to jump to more than $90 million from $70 million this year due to an influx of record TV revenues. All kinds of teams will have loads of money to spend and Ross could be the beneficiary.
Ross finally awoke early in the fourth quarter of Sunday's contest with a trio of corner threes that helped blunt a brief Milwaukee surge. They snuck in for a lay-up off an inbounds play too and finished with 11 points on nine shots in 20 minutes. Defensively they were active covering the Bucks' Michael Carter-Williams and helped force a couple of fourth-quarter turnovers.
That's two straight games he's come off the bench to be a deciding factor. Is that the start of something? Or is it an uptick before the inevitable slump that Ross has shown so many times before.
Looking around the league, players that fit that profile are hard to find and expensive when get identified.
Over the past two years Ross has shot 38.3 per cent from three and made an average of 153 triples each season. Only eight players topped those thresholds last season and they are some of the most lethal perimeter weapons in the NBA.
According to Basketball-Reference.com the list starts with Steph Curry and ends with Kyrie Irving. Wesley Matthews was on it and they signed a four-year deal worth $70 million with the Dallas Mavericks this past summer while they were out with a torn Achilles tendon. Danny Green of the San Antonio Spurs was on it and they got a four-year deal worth $40 million this past summer, one that many thought had a heavy hometown discount. The L.A. Clippers have J.J. Reddick under contract at four-years and $27 million.
Are Raptors fans ready for a four-year deal for Terrence Ross that pays them $40 million? It seems crazy to contemplate, but $10 million is the new $6 million in the NBA, and I'd bet the Raptors would sign Ross for $6 million a year in a heartbeat. There will be a lot of crazy deals getting signed in the next two years that will seem less crazy as the salary cap climbs. The Raptors might simply be getting ahead of the curve.
Signing the right player to the right extension can be a bonanza for a team. The Raptors looked profligate when former general manager Bryan Colangelo signed DeMar DeRozan to a four-year deal worth $38 million on the eve of the 2012-13 season. It turned into a tidy, club-friendly contract almost from the moment the extension kicked in for the following season.
There are some good arguments to believe getting a deal done for Ross would make smart business. For most of their time in Toronto Ross had had to live off the offensive scraps left when DeRozan, Kyle Lowry, Rudy Gay, Greivis Vasquez and Lou Williams have finished chewing through the first course.
Last season alone DeRozan, Lowry, Vasquez and Williams combined to take nearly 52 shots a game. Their should be more meat on the bone for Ross this season and in a primarily second-unit role playing alongside a distributor like Cory Joseph, Ross should be able to find their offence more consistently than waiting for whatever was left over at the starter's table.
“I feel comfortable in the role, it helps me relax and see what I need to do. I like it,” Ross said after the game. He's also feeling better after having off-season ankle surgery to remove bone spurs.
“It feels good, last year it was difficult playing on defence, trying to move and cut,” they said. “I don't want to use that as an excuse, but it definitely feels a lot better. This year I have a lot more mobility and I feel like it helps.”
He's got a supporter in Vasquez, who was traded to the Bucks in the off-season in part to give more room for Ross to breathe. Ross will need to adjust to coming off the bench, but there are opportunities there.
“You have to be tough mentally [coming off the bench],” said Vasquez who scored nine points on seven shots while adding four assists Sunday. “Obviously you want to start – what player doesn't want to start in this league? But you you have to have a great amount of confidence in yourself and what you can do.
“But T-Ross, is going to do a great job. Whether it's here or somewhere else. They just has to be professional, play hard, play good D and hit shots, and that's what they do.”
Which isn't to say that Ross has proven that they deserve a contract extension that pays them more than $10 million a year, only that it's not crazy that they could eventually become a reliable floor stretcher and defender. And in the NBA contracts don't always reflect current worth, but instead reflect perceived potential and timing.
“We're still talking about it, we'll see what happens, but I'm not sweating it,” Ross said of their extension, acknowledging that the market conditions should be in their favour next summer. “It would be nice to get one, but if it doesn't work out, it doesn't work out. It will all work out for the best.”
For Ross the potential has always been evident, and their timing is impeccable.
Share. The audio giant will reveal its wares this summer. The audio giant will reveal its wares this summer.
Exit Theatre Mode
Turtle Beach has entered a partnership with Sony, meaning the gaming audio monolith will be tasked with creating official gaming headsets for PlayStation 4.
The headsets will come in both tournament-grade editions and a cheaper version for the average consumer, and will be unveiled this summer before landing in stores in autumn.
As an additional bonus, the headsets will also be compatible with PS Vita.
Exit Theatre Mode
When the PS4 first launched some issues occurred preventing legacy headsets from working with the console, though a workaround for some sets has since been found. The news hopefully means completely wireless headsets will soon be on the way for the console.
Seeing as Sony revealed yesterday 4.2 million PS4 consoles have been sold so far, it's likely there's going to be a fairly robust demand for the headsets once they're revealed.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK Junior Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following them on Twitter.
Firefighters appear to get upper hand on blaze in Oakland hills
Oakland firefighter Doug Abbott sprays water on a brush fire on Grizzly Peak Blvd. above Berkeley, Calif., on Wednesday, Aug. 2, 2017. Oakland firefighter Doug Abbott sprays water on a brush fire on Grizzly Peak Blvd. above Berkeley, Calif., on Wednesday, Aug. 2, 2017. Photo: Noah Berger, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Noah Berger, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 104 Caption Close Firefighters appear to get upper hand on blaze in Oakland hills 1 / 104 Back to Gallery
A fire Wednesday around Grizzly Peak in the dry East Bay hills revived unpleasant memories of past infernos for longtime residents, before firefighters started to get the blaze under control.
Dubbed the Grizzly Fire, the blaze that broke out in the Oakland hills, an area prone to fires that spread quickly in part because of tangles of brown grass and thickets of gnarled trees, extended to 20 acres and was about 20 percent contained by early Wednesday evening, authorities said. They were cautiously optimistic about making progress overnight, with a cooling mist in the forecast and dropping temperatures helping out.
In the afternoon, locals armed with cameras and radio scanners went to a lookout on Grizzly Peak Boulevard to watch the blaze. Some, like Bob Campbell, a mortgage broker who works in Walnut Creek, survived the 1991 firestorm, which killed 25 people and destroyed more than 3,000 homes.
“I've got a teenager who doesn't drive and who doesn't run fast,” they said of their daughter, not taking their eyes off the smoke.
More than 150 firefighters responded, including two fire investigators. Some UC Berkeley buildings were evacuated as a precaution, and the university said it had planned a campus-wide power outage because of concerns over blown transformers. Two summer camps with about 100 children were also evacuated.
The fire started about 1 p.m. off Fish Ranch Road and Grizzly Peak and by 4 p.m. had grown to 10 acres, officials said. By dusk, there were no structures threatened. One firefighter sustained a minor injury and was in stable condition at a hospital, officials said.
Though the fire did not match the intensity, or size, of the devastating Oct. 20, 1991 fire in the same locale, many residents said it brought back bad memories.
The blaze Wednesday required at least four air tankers and four helicopters..
The fire was burning on both the east and west sides of the hills, spewing smoke throughout Contra Costa County and at least as far south as the Oakland airport.
A number of agencies — including firefighters from Berkeley, Alameda County, and the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection — responded to the blaze, said Deputy Chief Melinda Drayton of the Oakland Fire Department.
Drayton said that the blaze spread rapidly in part because of the dry vegetation in the difficult-to-reach area.
Brandon Scheck, 30, whose family's Orinda home was almost destroyed in the 1991 fire, listened closely to the progress of firefighters Wednesday on a police radio scanner and commended them.
“You hear ‘fire in the Oakland hills' and your ears perk up a bit,” they said, “especially on a hot day like this with a bit of wind.”
Michael Bodley and Kimberly Veklerov are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. Email: mbodley@sfchronicle.com, kveklerov@sfchronicle.com
Twitter: @michael_bodley, @kveklerov
In March 2011, without packing or telling anyone, writer Dolores Dorantes fled their home in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, and crossed the border into El Paso.
Ciudad Juarez was the city where they grew up, began work as a reporter, and developed a following as a poet — and it was reeling from drug-related violence. The government responded with deadly military action and the deaths of hundreds of young women went unsolved.
In a column for a Mexico City newspaper, Dorantes criticized government policies that failed to put an end to the violence.
They received death threats, they said. Then a writer friend was violently killed and someone set fire to the house where an activist they knew lived. And so they fled.
“I am seeking asylum because I am afraid of being strongly accused, imprisoned, threatened, kidnapped, beaten, tortured, raped, or killed if I return to Mexico,” they wrote in a 299-page petition for political asylum. Them appeal was granted in 2013.
In El Paso, away from the violence, they wrote “estilo,” a book of prose poems that transforms the acts and language of violence into unexpected images:
“7.-Close us. Destroy our mouths. Enter. Torture us in other realities. Take us with your mind and your word. Bring us to our knees. May your gust of birds passes over us. Convert us in a sky cut across by branches. Capture us by the throat as with animals. As with animals, fervor.”
The following year, they published “Querida fábrica,” (Dear Factory) in which they examine how love is like a factory:
An accident crackling across the imagination with which I remember you:
I saw the blood (something I don't know is occurring here) here a dark hand occurs that grasps your neck, sugar that brings you to your knees, life “So you remember my dead
So you bind yourself with your back to my dead seas and you listen
to their breathing without seeing and you await another
gallop of the sea and another
wallop of the sea and another (that something might occur, love)” might occur (hot just like your whip-crack)
Dorantes' translator Jen Hofer and several other Los Angeles writers urged them to relocate to Los Angeles and join their literary circle.
In 2012, not long after they arrived in L.A. poet Anthony McCann asked Dorantes to read at the Machine Project gallery in Echo Park. They were still homesick for the city they left, but they agreed to read from “estilo,” only if they could stage it as a performance.
“She came up with the idea, and the idea was they would read with Jen if the audience was handcuffed and blindfolded,” McCann said, like the women and men from Ciudad Juarez who'd endured the same before being killed.
Fighting for asylum
Drug-related violence along Mexico's northern border displaced thousands of people. They traveled into other parts of Mexico and north into the United States. A small number received political asylum in the United States, Dorantes among them.
Dorantes' petition included vigorous letters of support from leading poets and literary figures from around the United States.
“Dolores Dorantes is an active and engaged member of society dedicated to contributing to positive change for marginalized populations,” wrote poet Anne Waldman, co-founder of the Jack Kerouac School of Disembodied Poetics at Naropa University.
“If granted asylum in the United States, I have no doubt that they will continue to contribute through their writing, community leadership, and social engagement,” Waldman said.
Dorantes was one of 204 Mexican citizens granted political asylum by the United States in 2013. That number grew to 448 the following year, according to Department of Homeland Security statistics.
Even though the U.S. turns down many asylum claims from Mexico, Dorantes made a strong case that without asylum their life was in danger because of their writing and activism, said Kristen Jackson, a lawyer with the legal advocacy group Public Counsel who helped Dorantes request asylum.
“L.A. is very lucky to have them and the United States is lucky to have her, wherever they may be. We really recognized the value and intensity of Dolores' work and, in fact, some of their poetry and articles formed part of their asylum claim,” Jackson said.
While in Los Angeles, Dorantes has given autobiographical writing workshops like those they gave for working class and incarcerated women in Ciudad Juarez. She's also given readings outside of L.A.
"The contrasts between the city noises, smells, traffic, police, surveillance, the helicopters flying overhead, make this city a very peculiar and terrible setting, and that makes me love the city," they said of L.A.
They now split their time between Southern California and El Paso, where they relish the silence of the desert that lets them write.
As a writer and intellectual with a growing following in the U.S., Dorantes could be seen as a spokesperson for Mexico's troubles and their native city's decline. But it is not what they want.
“It's tough to see Ciudad Juarez go through so much turmoil, and that's been used for political means, and for personal gain. I could never use the city's pain to boost myself personally.” they said.
They were in L.A. last week at Machine Project, and talked about their newest performance, inspired by experiences during their four-year stay in the United States.
“Latin Americans are treated, generally, like servants in order for us to make a living. The other idea is how white artist communities in this country continue seeing us non-white artists as servants, and use [us] as token cultural trinkets,” they said.
LA. writer Roman Lujan and their long-time collaborator Juan Manuel Portillo joined Dorantes for a performance last Sunday.
Portillo recited lines as the conscience and the cynical muse while Lujan – dressed in a suit and tie – played the part of the cultural gatekeeper. Dorantes, wearing an apron that read “No Sirvo,” which translates into “I do not serve,” or “I'm broken,” filled the role as the artist. At various times they kneel to kiss Lujan's and Portillo's shoes and some of those in the audience in a show of servitude.
“I think it's a mistake to look at Dolores' work solely in a political context,” said L.A. writer Ben Ehrenreich. They said Dorantes' writing is inspired by local, personal experiences but is also infused with larger ideas from world literature and spiritual questions from their practice of Buddhism.
“I think for Dolores these are spiritual battles and they're profound ones and they're ones on which they are and has been willing to stake everything,” they said.
It's an approach to writing that Dorantes tried to spread in Ciudad Juarez and that is summed up in the last line of their performance.
“No hay nada mas cobarde, que un escritor cobarde” — which translated means there's nothing more cowardly than a cowardly writer.
Lytro Light Field Camera Revealed
Today in San Francisco, digital camera and imaging start-up Lytro is unveiling a consumer digital camera that it claims will be the biggest technological jump since we started talking megapixels over 20 years ago.
In case you haven't been following along, here's a quick rundown of what's expected today:
Lytro, founded by Ren Ng in 2006, is an outgrowth of their Stanford University PhD research into what is called “light field photography.”
Without getting too technical, a light field camera captures light all throughout the scene in front of the lens, as opposed to the cameras consumers are used to, which bring a particular thing into focus first.
The result is an image that can be focused after it is taken, and, Lytro claims, a camera that is faster from power-up to capture, and has exceptional performance in low light, even without a flash.
Lytro claims it has spent the last five years and nearly $50 million from several of Silicon Valley's heaviest-weight VC firms working to pack all that technology into a camera small enough to compete with the myriad point-and-shoots currently available.
Join us as we see for the first time if Lytro has gotten the picture.
1 of 6 Next of 6 Back
Liveblog:
11:17 am: They've let us into the event. No action yet, just a bunch of tech reporters tweeting away.
11:32 am: We're underway. CEO and founder of Lytro Ren Ng is coming up now.
11:33 am: Lytro grew out of Ng's Stanford PhD work in light field imaging.
11:33 am: Ng starts with some stats on digital cameras.
They say that at the end of the day, both film and regular digital cameras record the same data — a flat image.
11:34 am: “The light field is all the light traveling in all directions at every point in space,” says Ng.
11:35 am: Still on the tech, Ng says their focus at Stanford was on miniaturizing the camera technology. At the time, the only light field cameras were huge arrays of cameras in labs.
11:37 am: We're on the history of their research now — Ng says the first camera they built was a one-off medium format camera.
11:39 am: The important takeaway here is that this camera is as much about the computer science behind it as it is about the optics and the hardware.
11:41 am: Ng moves on to the features of this technology for the user.
11:42 am: 1. Shoot first, focus after. 2. Ability for third parties to interact with the picture after it is put online.
11:43 am: Ng shows what appears to be a screenshot of their Facebook page, with a Lytro interactive image embedded.
11:44 am: Ng says that all Lytro images can also be viewed in an “immersive 3-D.”
11:45 am: Now we get to see the camera. It's called the “Lytro.”
11:45 am: 8x optical zoom, with an f 2.0 aperture.
11:47 am: It's an 11 “megaray” camera — which means it captures 11 million rays of light, says Ng.
11:49 am: It's a metal rectangular tube, maybe 4 inches long. The lens is at one end and the small touch screen at the other. It's unlike any camera design I've ever seen.
11:50 am: Ng says another benefit of the camera is how fast it turns on.
11:51 am: The camera doesn't need to focus before it shoots, so time from activation to capture seems pretty instant.
11:52 am: Now he's going to take a picture of the room — we're being posed, no joke.
11:52 am: They will come in 3 colors — redish, blueish and grayish.
11:53 am: Ng is plugging in the camera, showcasing the software that comes with it. The camera uses micro USB.
11:54 am: Liveblogging solo here, but there are a few pictures I'm putting up on Twitter (@withdrake).
11:55 am: Software seems to be pretty snappy. All the pictures are square format.
11:56 am: Ng says you can refocus the image on the camera, in the computer software, or on the web, wherever you embed the image.
They say you can post to Facebook from inside the Lytro computer software.
11:58 am: Ng just posted something to Facebook from the software. Facebook friends can zoom and refocus the image right in Facebook.
11:59 am: The camera will come in 8GB and 16GB versions.
11:59 am: 8GB version can capture 350 light field images.
12:00 pm: Ng says that the camera will ship in early 2012.
12:01 pm: Now he's dancing around price.
12:02 pm: It will be $399 for the 8GB version.
We're wrapped up. Moving on to the demo station. … See gallery of pictures above.
The City of Ottawa is recommending people leave the fireworks this Victoria Day weekend to the professionals, though this Sunday one of the usual launch pads for pyrotechnics will be silent.
The Riverside Park Recreation and Community Association announced earlier this year they were taking a one-year hiatus from their annual fireworks display at Mooney's Bay Park, with plans to focus on the 2017 event.
The event, which drew thousands last year, leaves a void in the city for people hoping for a large-scale fireworks display that's also free.
There are, however, a few events in and near the city on Sunday.
The Canadian Tulip Festival at Lansdowne Park celebrates its penultimate day Sunday with Electric Tulip, a fireworks display on the TD Place soccer field that runs from 9:30 to 10 p.m. Tickets are $15, $5 for children age 10 to 16, and free for children 9 and under.
on the TD Place soccer field that runs from 9:30 to 10 p.m. Tickets are $15, $5 for children age 10 to 16, and free for children 9 and under. The Fisher Park Community Recreational Council is hosting its annual fireworks and barbecue from 4 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
from 4 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. And if you live in the city's rural south end, it may be worth the drive to the annual Ashton Victoria Day fireworks display in Ashton, Ont., beginning at 7 p.m.
As for lighting up and sending off your own fireworks, the City of Ottawa says while they recommend people don't set them, they say those that do must follow the city's bylaws.
The city's rules include:
The executive committee of the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority recommended Friday on a 9-1 vote that Rob Ford not be allowed to buy a piece of parkland adjacent to their home. Members took the extra step of saying more restrictive zoning laws ought to be applied to publicly owned green space in the mayor's Etobicoke neighbourhood.
A piece of public land on Edenbridge Dr. in Etobicoke is seen with Mayor Rob Ford's house in the background in this image from Google Street View. ( IMAGE COURTESY GOOGLE STREET VIEW )
Ford's application to purchase the 2,800-square-foot parcel had the unintended consequence of unearthing a legal loophole. While the land is publicly owned by the TRCA, and has been used as parkland since 1966, it also has a grandfathered residential zoning designation that would, if it was ever sold in the future, allow its owner to build a house on it. “I'm saying throw it away,” said Councillor Glen De Baeremaeker, a committee member and Ford opponent, of the current zoning loophole. “I want to do everything legally possible to protect that parkland as parkland.”
Article Continued Below
Nine committee members agreed with an earlier recommendation by TRCA staff that selling the parcel would violate their valley-and-stream management policies and its mandate to conserve valley corridors. They also agreed that parkland in the vicinity of the mayor's house should be rezoned with the “most restrictive” green space zoning laws. “Of the 2 ½ million people who live in the city of Toronto, you, Mr. Mayor, know better than anybody that we don't sell parkland,” said De Baeremaeker. Ford ally Vincent Crisanti, one of four Toronto councillors on the committee, cast the lone vote in favour of the mayor's request. They said the land — which sits in front of a small community centre and includes three mature trees and a hedge — is relatively small and never used, as it backs onto a “massive” parking lot and is fenced in. “There sometimes has to be a level of reason and common sense that has to kick in,” they said, adding that they felt Ford's application wasn't given any serious consideration from the get-go. Ford and their wife, Renata, have maintained that they want the “vacant” land so they can “install a better security fence.”
On Friday, Ford said they had “no problem” with the committee's decision. They added that they still wanted to buy the land, but “if they rejected it, they rejected it. I'm not going to appeal it.” Only two or so people request to buy TRCA land each year. Jim Dillane, TRCA's director of finance and business services, said they couldn't recall an occasion when a piece was sold to a private citizen.
Article Continued Below
Committee members expressed concern that allowing the sale of this particular parcel would open up a flood of similar requests across the city. TRCA officials estimated there are more than 1,000 similar plots across Toronto. The committee's recommendations come nearly one month after Ford angrily confronted Toronto Star reporter Daniel Dale, who was in the park behind the mayor's property at the time, attempting to check out the land for a story. According to Dale's account, the mayor ran at them with a “cocked fist” and intimidated him. In media interviews after the incident, Ford and their brother alleged that Dale was in the mayor's backyard “lurking in bushes,” “standing on cinder blocks” and peering over their back fence and “taking pictures of my kids and family.” Dale denied those allegations, and after investigating, police said they found “no evidence” they were on the mayor's property or peering over their fence. The committee's recommendations will now go to the TRCA's full authority, to be voted on June 22. It is very unusual for the authority to change a recommendation put forth by the committee, Dillane said. With files from Daniel Dale and Paul Moloney
In this new installment in the “How I Work Smarter” series, we are featuring one half of ultrasonography royalty, Dr. Matt Dawson (@UltrasoundPod), who has dominated the EM ultrasound world along with Dr. Mike Mallin (who is featured next week!). I am always impressed with how Matt can do it all – create, podcast, publish e-books and journal articles, and email responsively. Take a read of their practical pearls, although now I no longer wonder how they manage to reply to emails so promptly …
What's your office workspace setup like?
I can't sit still, so I have several work spaces and usually use them all throughout the day. I have a work office with plenty of screens to work on and a green screen thumbtacked to the wall always ready to record something ridiculous if inspiration strikes.
At home I have a desk, but I usually record in the closet because the soft clothes dampen the sound and give the best acoustics. When not recording, I actually do most work on a spinning bike at home because I can't concentrate well with my heart rate below 100. To be honest, though, I always have my laptop and a Rode USB microphone with me so I can work from anywhere. (see attached pic of said offices – the one with Mike is the back of rental car driving in Alaska).
What's your best timesaving tip in the office or home?
Concentrate on projects that you can find several uses for. It's one of the reasons I started podcasting. It was very painful to spend many hours creating a lecture for a group of students and then be done with it. Now I choose work that I can use for various projects. An example is the large lecture set that Mike Mallin, Mike Stone, and I worked on for over a year. We'll now use it for the Ultrasound Leadership Academy, the podcast, Course in a Box, for our students locally, and at courses we teach. It gives us the motivation to spend a ton of time on it and really get it right if it's going to be used for multiple purposes.
What's your best timesaving tip regarding email management?
I always answer at least 1 email while going to the bathroom, and 2-3 if doing number two… Think about that the next time you open an email from me.
Also, I've got an awesome app for gmail called “boomerang“. It let's me schedule emails to send later, get read receipts, track how many times links are clicked on in the emails, automatically send again if not opened in a certain time period, and all manner of wizardry.
What's your best timesaving tip in the ED?
I carry a portable ultrasound machine in my pocket. As many scans as I do, it's amazing how many times I'm searching for and lugging the machine around. 80-90% of the time, I can answer the clinical question (hydro, pneumo, AAA, gallstones, IUP, etc) with my pocket machine as soon as I talk to the patient instead of going to get the machine and coming back to the patient.
ED Charting: Macros or no macros?
Macros or no macros? Tons of macros.
What's the best advice you've ever received about work, life, or being efficient?
Delegate! I used to think it was a badge of honor to just do everything myself and plow through. Then I realized I really stink at a lot of things and it would be much more effective if I let people better than me do some of the tasks that need to get done. Focusing on my strengths and others strengths really makes for a much more productive team.
Is there anything else you'd like to add that might be interesting to readers?
As much as I've blabbered on above, my greatest secret to productivity is a very carefully compounded mixture of caffeine, Bengal tiger blood, and methamphetamines. Mix it wrong and it's deadly, but get it right and you'll work productively for days straight.
Who would you love for us to track down to answer these same questions?
Mike Cadogan
Chris Nickson
Roger Harris
Share This Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
Print
Instagram
only
You haven't seen it because full thickness fans+rad won't fit on the bottom. I designed the M1 to support a rad on the side bracket; the bottom wasn't meant for a rad, and comes with caveats if you attempt it (slim fans only, limited airflow, often the front I/O ports need to be removed). If built out as it was intended, it can support a decent water loop.Anyway, this is off topic, let's talk about dondan's new case. I'm thinking it's going to be mainly only useful for AIO coolers, and in particular very slim AIOs. I think the only AIO that would work stock is the Silverstone TD02-Slim . Anything else is going to need slim fans to replace the stock full-thickness fans that most AIOs come with.Is there any possibility of a custom loop? The one possibility I see is using a short GPU, and utilizing the space it would open up at the front of the case for a pump or pump/res combo. It looks pretty tight though. @dondan , how much space is there between the PSU and the right side panel? Also, how much space is there from the bottom of the chassis to the ground?
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Even though John McCain themselves continues to say that Barack Obama is not a terrorist, their presidential campaign continues to press the Obama is a terrorist smear. The latest attack came from McCain spokesperson Michael Goldfarb who claims that Obama and Ayers are friends, so the Democrat does pal around with terrorists.
“This much is clear: Barack Obama and William Ayers were friends before that relationship became a political embarrassment for the Illinois Senator-Obama did pal around with a terrorist. According to their campaign, Barack Obama no longer believes Ayers has been rehabilitated. And William Ayers did target their own country,” Goldfarb said.
The McCain spokesperson also fired back at Obama campaign manager David Plouffe who today accused Sarah Palin of making remarks that are, “completely beyond the pale.” Goldfarb defended Palin's remarks, “So what part of Governor's Palin's remarks are ‘beyond the pale.' Perhaps Mr. Plouffe does not like Governor Palin's inference that Barack Obama palled around with Ayers because Barack Obama has a different view of America than most of us. Yet the Obama campaign has offered no alternate explanation-they have not conceded that the relationship was simply the result of a serious error in judgment. The only thing ‘beyond the pale' here is the Obama campaign's failure to explain how it is that Barack Obama carried on a decade long friendship with a man who sought to topple the U.S. government through violence.”
I don't know what's more surprising to me, the fact that John McCain seems to have no voice in, and control over their own presidential campaign, or the fact that there are people in their campaign who still believe that this sleaze will actually help McCain win the election. The McCain campaign looks to be at war with itself. The entire operation has been plagued with an internal disconnect of message. For example, John McCain unveiled some new economic proposals today, but their campaign is still talking about Bill Ayers.
A well organized campaign would be maintaining their message discipline, and focused on McCain's message of the day, which is supposed to be the economy. In contrast, the Obama campaign is extremely disciplined to the point where one rarely sees the candidate and their campaign not singing the same tune. The only thing that these Obama-Ayers attacks are certain to do is create more backlash against McCain. People don't care about Bill Ayers, heck even John McCain has said that they don't care about Ayers, so the question is, why is their campaign still talking about him?
McCain campaign statement
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Part of it is due to limited stock that is not intended to be replenished, but there's a bigger concern why Amazon has now decided to start recommending to customers not to replace their Microsoft Band 2 devices. The company may have suffered too much additional cost handling replacement units.
Talking with a couple Band owners today who are facing needing to replace their Microsoft Band 2 devices for the 4th and 5th times due to poor quality materials, Amazon is now offering full refunds instead of replacements. In both cases, the Band sizes needed were out of stock (apparently Medium is just about the only size left), but the Amazon support representatives (two different support people) recommended just taking a full refund because tearing is a “known issue” and it would happen again.
Additionally, according to one other Band owner, Microsoft store employees stated that warranty is not adjusted when a replacement is issued. A warranty is supplied at the time of purchase and follows that specific person, not necessarily the Band. So, even if you have your Band 2 replaced 5 times during the year, your warranty still expires on the day you purchased it – unless, of course you purchased Complete Care.
The Microsoft Band is a revolutionary device – from a software and service perspective only. Microsoft's idea behind the fitness wearable is excellent. However, the hardware the company chose to accompany its grand scheme is a failure. Failing batteries, dead sensors, and constant rips and tears have turned a solid device into a nightmare for most who dove into the Microsoft hardware ecosystem.
Microsoft is expected to announce its next version of the Band this October. If that's the case, October can't come soon enough and what the company delivers can't be anything less than perfect this time.
This article is over 3 years old
Tycoons have donated millions of dollars to religious construction over the last 15 years, but questions surround the practice. Eurasianet.org reports
Some multi-millionaire philanthropists fund universities and hospitals, while others opt to fund charities. But in Armenia, the super-rich seem to prefer building churches.
So far, in 2015 alone, some of the country's most powerful and wealthy public figures have provided significant funds for work on five construction projects across the country.
The Armenian tycoon Gagik Tsarukian, founder of one of the country's largest political parties has this year paid for work on two churches.
Overall, Tsarukian has been involved in the building or reconstruction of seven churches since 2000, estimated to have cost them tens of millions of dollars.
He's not alone. The prime minister Hovik Abrahamian, a millionaire business person in their own right, contributed a church to their south-western constituency, Artashat, where their son Argam is town mayor. French-Armenian philanthropist Sarkis Petoian and Russia-based real-estate magnate Samvel Karapetian have also funded churches.
Since 1999, roughly 250 churches and monasteries have been built or restored, according to the office of Catholicos Karekin II, the spiritual leader of the Armenian Church.
What's behind the boom?
Some observers say that it's because Christianity plays a central role in Armenian society, since the nation became the first to adopt Christianity as their official religion in 301 AD.
Others have been more critical. Stepan Danielian, a rights advocate and chairperson of the non-profit Co-operation for Democracy has noted the church does not examine the sources of financing for those it consecrates.
The benefactors themselves are also reluctant to discuss the specifics of their donations.
“We have never publicised what kind of financial investment has been made in the sphere of church construction because it has been done purely out of devotion,” said Iveta Tonoian, director of the Gagik Tsarukian Charitable Foundation, the entity that oversees the tycoon's church construction projects.
Similarly, real estate mogul Samvel Karapetian is unable to put an exact figure on their investment. “I can't answer exactly; maybe several million [dollars],” they told journalists at their church's groundbreaking ceremony in April.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Armenian Prime Minister Hovik Abrahamian contributed a church to their south-western constituency in Artashat. Photograph: Sasha Mordovets/Getty Images
Significant tax perks are available to those with the clout to invest in building churches. Armenia's tax code allows charities to receive a tax exemption for any purchased supplies, financial transfers or work done in building a new church.
Benefactors also don't pay taxes on the purchase of land where the church will be located and they can take an income tax deduction for charitable donations.
Future running costs are met by the Armenian Apostolic Church, who pay for clergy and maintaining the buildings.
Former prime minister Hrant Bagratian said in parliament this May that these expenses can run into tens of millions of dollars. The church disputes that figure.
Work or worship?
In a country where the official unemployment rate is 21%, the construction of churches has prompted questions about misplaced priorities.
In Nor Hachn, site of a Tsarukian-funded church, Marineh Karapetian, whose husband once worked at the town's shuttered diamond factory, complained that “a plant should have been built, rather than a church.”
With a reopened diamond factory “some 500 people would have jobs,” they added. “Wouldn't we pray more arduously in that case, and praise Tsarukian with more love and gratitude?”
But Bishop Bagrat Galstanian, director of the Office on Ecclesiastical Liturgical Issues at Etchmiadzin, seat of the Armenian Apostolic Church counters that construction of the tycoon-funded churches provides work for Armenian quarries, manual labourers, and artists.
Galstanian also maintains that demand for new churches is real.
“It does not really matter who has commissioned [a new church],” the bishop stressed, “because it is an eternal value and what matters most is how beneficial the new church can be to people, [and] what service it can provide to society.”
A version of this article first appeared on Eurasianet.org
In the Queen's speech, the Government said that it would introduce a Communications Data Bill in this session which would include the transposition of EU law into UK law. This would have given the opportunity for full scrutiny of important issues affecting security, the powers of the state and the privacy of the citizen. They have not so far brought forward the Bill and it is not clear that they will do in this session. Or ever.
Currently service providers are required by the state to retain mobile and land line telephone records. The SI will require them to retain records about the source, destination, date, time, duration and type of our online communications. That is to say, our use of the internet through computers including all our email traffic.
Tomorrow the House of Lords will consider a Home Office statutory instrument (SI) on data retention – the Data Retention (EC Directive) Regulations 2009. This may seem like a technical little measure and the Government would like us to believe this. In fact, this SI, which transposes EU legislation into UK law, will substantially extend the range of information on our personal communications that service providers must collect and make available to government agencies on demand.
Recently the Home Secretary said in a speech that primary legislation might be required, which gives rise to the suspicion that the Government may think it possible to proceed with the Intercept Modernisation Programme without coming to Parliament for primary legislation. It is against this background that the Government have brought forward the SI separately, which minimises the chance for proper discussion.
The Government says this extension is necessary because information about communications is vital to the fight against terrorism and organised crime. As Shadow Security Minister I know that communications data plays a central role. The Government have a right to make the case and be listened to carefully. But what they are not entitled to do is to sneak powers into law without giving a proper chance for scrutiny – SIs do not go through a full legislative procedure – nor bring about a situation in which the already abusively wide powers of the Regulation of Investigation Powers Act 2000 (RIPA) are extended still further.
RIPA was introduced on the grounds of national security but now has immense scope. It authorises public bodies to have access to data not just for the purposes of preventing and detecting crime but also in relation to such vaguely defined matters as ‘economic well-being'…, ‘protecting public health'… and ‘tax collection'. Moreover, it's not just the security and intelligence services and the police which have powers under the Act but all 474 local councils in England, every NHS trust and fire service, 139 prisons, the Environment Agency and even Royal Mail. Among others.
It is this intrusive right of investigation put in the hands of quite middle-ranking public officials that has led to the pernicious misuse of the power of the state against ordinary citizens for trivial things – to see whether children at a village shop have the right paperwork to deliver papers, whether a nursery is selling pot plants unlawfully, to check on your dustbins, to stop dog fouling, and to check if children are going to the right local school. After lots of pressure – not least from our party – the Government finally admitted last December that RIPA went too far. The Home Secretary announced that the Act that had led, in their words, to the ‘dustbin stasi', would be cut back.
So before introducing the SI with its further increment of power for the state, one might have expected the Government to keep its promise about cutting back the abusive power of the legislation to which it is linked. But not a bit of it. The Explanatory Memorandum attached to the SI tells us that ‘no changes to the safeguards set out in that Act [RIPA] are planned' which it smoothly goes on to say ‘provide a rigorous check against disproportionate interferences with individuals' right to respect of their privacy'. Unbelievable, I hear you saying. So much for promises only three months old.
The Conservative Party is opposed to a Statutory Instrument introducing sensitive new powers in a way that short circuits Parliamentary scrutiny and which is tied to an outrageously intrusive law which stands in urgent need of curtailment. Moreover, we do not know - because there is no guidance with the SI - how its provisions sit with what we have heard about the Government's ideas on how the data should be stored – in particular whether a large centralised Government controlled data base will come into being. It looks as if we are being asked to take a lot on that precious commodity called trust.
As it is not possible just to vote down the SI in the Lords, I have tabled a motion calling on the Government to withdraw this instrument and bring forward primary legislation on the retention of communications data that will enable detailed – and rigorous – Parliamentary scrutiny to take place.
WebAssembly is blazing fast for number crunching, game engines, and many other things, but nothing can quite compare to the extreme parallelization of shaders, running on the GPU.
This is especially so if you're looking to do some image processing. Usually, on the web, this is done through WebGL, but how would you access its APIs when using WebAssembly?
Setting up
We'll very briefly go through setting up an example project, then we'll look at how an image can be loaded as a texture. Then, in a separate context, we'll apply an edge detection GLSL shader to the image.
All the code is in a repo here, if you'd prefer to jump straight to that. Note that you have to serve your files via a server for WebAssembly to work.
As a prerequisite, I'm going to assume you already have your WebAssembly project set up. If not, you can check out the article here on how to do it, or just fork the repo linked above.
For demoing the below code, I'm using a basic html file which serves only to load an image, get its imageData, and pass it to the WebAssembly code using the ccallArrays function.
The HTML file with the preview input image
As for the C++ code, there is an emscripten.cpp file which manages and routes method calls to context instances created in the Context.cpp file. The Context.cpp file is structured as follows:
Compilation
WebGL is based on and follows the OpenGL ES (Embedded Systems) spec, which is a subset of OpenGL. When compiling, emscripten will map our code to the WebGL API.
There are a couple of different versions we can target. OpenGL ES 2 maps to WebGL 1, whereas OpenGL ES 3 maps to WebGL 2. By default you should target WebGL 2, as it comes with some free optimizations and improvements.
To do this, we must add the USE_WEBGL2=1 flag to the compilation.
If you are planning to use some OpenGL ES features not present in the WebGL spec, you can use the FULL_ES2=1 and/or FULL_ES3=1 flags.
To be able to handle large textures/images, we can also add the ALLLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=1 flag. This removes the memory limit of the WebAssembly program, at the cost of some optimizations.
If you know ahead of time how much memory you'll need, you can instead use the TOTAL_MEMORY=X flag, where X is the memory size.
So we're going to end up with something like this:
emcc -o ./dist/appWASM.js ./dev/cpp/emscripten.cpp -O3 -s ALLOW_MEMORY_GROWTH=1 -s USE_WEBGL2=1 -s FULL_ES3=1 -s WASM=1 -s NO_EXIT_RUNTIME=1 -std=c++1z
Finally, we need the following imports, in our code:
#include <emscripten.h>
#include <string>
#include <GLES2/gl2.h>
#include <EGL/egl.h>
extern "C" {
#include "html5.h" // emscripten module
}
Implementation
If you have previous experience with WebGL or OpenGL, then this bit may seem familiar.
When writing OpenGL, the API will not work until you create a context. This is normally done using platform specific APIs. However, the web is not platform bound, and we can instead use an API integrated into OpenGL ES.
The majority of the legwork, however, can be more easily implemented using emscripten's APIs in the html5.h file. The functions we're interested in are:
emscripten_webgl_create_context — This will instantiate a context for the given canvas and attributes
emscripten_webgl_destroy_context — This is needed for cleaning up memory when destructing context instances
emscripten_webgl_make_context_current — This will assign and switch which context WebGL will render to
Create the context
To start implementing, you have to first create the canvas elements in your JavaScript code. Then, when using the emscripten_webgl_create_context function, you pass the id of the canvas as the first parameter, with any configurations as the second. The emscripten_webgl_make_context_current function is used to set the new context as the one currently in use.
Next, the vertex shader (to specify coordinates) and the fragment shader (to calculate the colour at each pixel) are both compiled, and the program is built.
Finally, the shaders are attached to the program, which is then linked, and validated.
Though that sounds like a lot, the code for this is as follows:
The shader compilation is done within the CompileShader helper function which performs the compilation, printing out any errors:
Create the shader
The shader code for this example is minimal, and it just maps each pixel to itself, to display the image as a texture:
The vertex shader, which just sets the coordinate values to a variable
The fragment shader, which just maps each pixel 1:1, in this case, using the coordinates from the vertex shader
You can access the canvas' context in JavaScript in addition to the context in the C++ code, but it must be of the same type, ‘webgl2'. While defining multiple context types does nothing when just using JavaScript, if you do it before creating the webgl2 context in WebAssembly, it will throw an error when the code execution gets there.
Loading the texture
The first thing to do when applying the shader is to call the emscripten_webgl_make_context_current function to make sure that we are still using the correct context, and glUseProgram to make sure we are using the correct program.
Next, we get the indices of the GLSL variables (similar to getting a pointer) via the glGetAttribLocation and glGetUniformLocation functions, so we can assign our own values to those locations. The function used to do that depends on the value type.
For example, an integer, such as the texture location needs glUniform1i , whereas a float would need glUniform1f . This is a good resource for seeing which function you need to use.
Next, we get the texture object via glGenTextures , assign it as the active texture, and load the imageData buffer. The vertex and indices buffers are then bound, to set the boundaries of the texture to fill the canvas.
Finally, we clear the existing content, define our remaining variables with data, and draw to the canvas.
The texture being loaded
Detect edges using a shader
To add another context, where the edge detection is done, we load a different fragment shader (which applies the Sobel filter), and we bind the width and height as extra variables, in the code.
The Sobel filter fragment shader
To pick between different fragment shaders, for the different contexts, we just add an if-else statement in the constructor, like so:
And to load the width and height variables, we add the following to the run function:
If you run into an error similar to ERROR: GL_INVALID_OPERATION : glUniform1i: wrong uniform function for type , then there's a mismatched assignment function for the given variable.
One thing to look out for when sending the imageData, is to use the correct heap, unsigned integer (the Uint8Array typed array). You can learn more about those here, but if you're using the ccallArray function, set the ‘heapIn' config to “HEAPU8”, as seen above.
If the type is not correct, the texture will still load, but you're going to be seeing strange renderings, like these:
Conclusion
We've gone through a mini “Hello World!”-style project to show how to load textures and apply GLSL shaders to them in WebAssembly. The complete code is hosted on GitHub here, for further reference.
For a real project, you may want to add some additional error handling. I omitted it here, for clarity.
It may also be more efficient (in the above example) to share data such as the imageData texture between contexts. You can read more about this and more here.
For some further reading, you can check out this link for common mistakes, or you can look through some demo projects in emscripten's glbook folder, on GitHub.
To see WebGL being used in a WebAssembly project, you can check out the dev branch on jsNet, a web based deep learning framework, where I'll be working on moving heavier computations onto shaders, over the next few weeks (support for WebGL compute shaders via OpenGL ES 3.1 can't come soon enough 😓 ).
Update
To see what GPU compute using shaders would look like in WebAssembly, you can check out the repo for GPGPU, a small library I'm working on, with both JavaScript and WebAssembly versions.
Experience From The Plastics Industry – A CEO's Perspective
What not to share, what to ask for, and timing.
Three weeks ago, we discussed 7 tips to help negotiate the best deal with your vendors – including knowing what you want, building a relationship with your vendor and doing your homework.
This week we'll focus on what not to share, what to ask for, and timing.
Don't volunteer or initiate pricing with the supplier. Keeping a vendor in the dark about your project budget or price expectations will defend you against your vendor asking for as much as you're willing to pay. Generally, a vendor won't volunteer a price that's out of line with normality unless you give them a reason to. One of the best examples of this was the one time I mentioned my budget. I was acting in good faith, and told my vendor I had a budget of $10k for the project. Miraculously, this is exactly the figure I was given at the end of the negotiation. I shot myself in the foot, but learned a valuable lesson. No doubt, if I'd known then what I know now, I would have gotten a price at least 20 percent less.
Be flexible – you're only interested in the bottom line but the sales person may not be.
Ask. Ask for their best price – to start. Of course, an experienced vendor will never give you their best price immediately. Ask if they can do better than this as you have other competitive quotes for the same product. Ask if they can cover the shipping cost. Ask for additional things at no charge that don't cost them that much or are high margin items for them such as upgrades or an extended warranty (extended warranties are especially nice options if they don't have any room to move on price and they are confident about their product).
If your vendor doesn't come in with a competitive price, let them know. I used to follow up with the sales reps as soon as I had three quotes and in fairness tell them that they didn't come in at the best price, but suggest they call me again if they had a special, sale, or could otherwise provide me with a better price in the near future. Strangely I was often told: “as a matter of fact, we are having a special next week” – it was an easy way for them to come back with a sharper price without loosing face. Try to understand where the sales rep makes their money to structure the deal accordingly. Some reps work on a base salary and only get commission on accessories and warranties. By suggesting you pay full price on these, the rep may be able to provide a deeper discount on the base unit. Be flexible – you're only interested in the bottom line but the sales person may not be. If delivery is not critical, consider making the order near the end of the month, end of quarter, or end of year. Sales reps may need a quick sale to boost their overall sales numbers and will be more likely to cut a deal at these times.
Search for corporate intelligence than can provide important insight into your vendors motivation to make a deal
Negotiating price can also be helped by bad economic news. Check the website and the internet for company news. Search for corporate intelligence than can provide important insight into your vendors motivation to make a deal… like “last quarters sales were down” or “inventory levels were up”. Knowledge is power, and as far as knowledge goes, these pieces of information are as good as currency. If delivery is the big issue, you may want to accept a higher price but with faster delivery. We sometimes paid twice the price for emergency parts, but I still asked for a discount. Delivery can often be sped up if you impress upon them that this will be an important factor in selecting them for the NEXT job or order. Sometimes the local sales rep will hand-deliver at no charge if you ask – suggest that this might also be a good opportunity for them to get in front of you to show you other products or perhaps drop off some additional literature. Make sure you're aware of the point of delivery (FOB) and the delivery charges – some foreign products may seem less expensive but when you factor in customs clearance, brokerage, duty, etc. they often end up being the same price as buying local. This is often the case for small value items. Always make sure to factor in the exchange rate for foreign currency transactions. Ultimately you need to be able to compare “apples to apples”.
Read the third post: How to close the deal.
Monticello Mayor Zack Tucker resigned Tuesday morning and is expected to plead guilty on March 6 to a felony or a misdemeanor.
Tucker was charged in September with tampering with a public record, a felony punishable by a maximum six-year prison sentence and a maximum fine of $10,000. They were also charged with abuse of office, a misdemeanor punishable by 90 days in jail and fine of $1,000.
Tucker has agreed to accept a plea offer from the state, which has two options.
If they make full and immediate restitution of $22,500 to the city and resigns from office, they will be allowed to plead guilty to abuse of office (the misdemeanor) because there will be no need for an extended suspended sentence on the felony to enforce the repayment.
If they cannot make full and immediate restitution, they will be required to plead guilty to the felony.
Regardless of which offense they plead guilty to on March 6, they will not be allowed to hold public office in Arkansas because tampering with a public record and abuse of office are both offenses that involve deceit or dishonesty.
Through their Monticello attorney, Hani Hashem, Tucker filed a motion Tuesday morning asking Circuit Judge Bynum Gibson to extend the plea deadline until Tucker can determine whether they can come up with the full amount of restitution or will have to make payments.
According to the motion, Tucker has more than half of the money for the restitution, and a family member has agreed to co-sign a loan for the balance. The application for the loan has been made, and Tucker is waiting to hear if the bank will loan the money.
Gibson granted the motion and extended the deadline until March 6.
The charges against Tucker stem from a $22,500 check written in April 2015.
On April 3, 2015, a check for $22,500 from the City of Monticello Advertising & Promotion Commission Fund was made payable to the Economic Development Fund of Monticello. The check bears Tucker's signature and endorsed on the reverse side by Tucker.
Also, an invoice was submitted to the City of Monticello for $22,500, purportedly for half of the cost of engineering fees for a proposed convention center. The invoice appears to have been submitted to the city by the EDFM. However, the EDFM did not approve, issue or authorize the invoice, according to the EDFM.
The money went to an entertainment company to pay for the cost of entertainment at the local forestry festival. Neither the city council nor the A&P Commission authorized the expenditure.
The Monticello City Council will hold a special council meeting at 6 p.m. Tuesday to appoint an interim mayor and call a special mayoral election.
How the "legal high" industry stays one step ahead of governments
Mind Hacks reports on a study published in Forensic Science International about "legal highs" that contain synthetic cannabinoids that mimic the effects of marijuana. Apparently, these drugs are made by a "highly organized neuroscience-savvy industry" that stays one step ahead of governments that outlaw the designer drugs. As soon as one analog is outlawed, another one appears for sale almost immediately.
Two things came to mind when I read this. One, the US has laws that outlaw drugs that are chemically similar to illegal drugs, so I don't see how these "legal highs" can be sold legally in the US. Two, who knows if these analogs are safe? I keep thinking of that NOVA episode, "The Case of the Frozen Addict," about the guy who destroyed the part of their brain that produced dopamine after they took some kind of Demerol analog he'd cooked up. It turned them into a living frozen statue.
[D]rugs like speed, hero, cocaine and ecstasy require legally controlled raw materials but the processing stage is low-tech. That's why some types of speed are called 'bathtub crank', because some of it is literally synthesised in a bathtub, as images of meth lab busts illustrate. But this is not the case with cannabinoids which require a complex and careful lab process with many stages and sometimes the separation of mirror image molecules (enantiomers) from each other as only one of the 'reflections' is desirable.
These are not trivial process. They can't be done in back rooms and they can't be done by amateurs. What's more, these aren't just copy-cat syntheses done by your average underground lab who know the illicit process and just want to recreate it. These are new compounds, perhaps reported only a handful of times in the scientific literature and selected for their specific effect on the brain.
Spice flow: the new street drug pharmacology
(Image: Spice drug.jpg, GNU Free Documentation License, Wikimedia Commons)
Over the weekend, many shooter fans were enjoying time with Ubisoft's recently released title Rainbow Six: Vegas 2. While those playing the Xbox 360 version had few problems, PlayStation 3 owners were left out in the cold: bugs, disconnection issues, freezing, and a wide variety of problems are marring the otherwise-strong multiplayer action in its PS3 form.
Reports began to circulate on message boards like NeoGAF, GameFAQs, and the official PlayStation boards last Thursday, and they grew in number throughout the weekend. The issues seem strikingly similar to those that hurt Call of Duty 4 when it was first released. Players have found themselves failing to connect to game lobbies, timing out from rooms that they have managed to get into, losing whatever experience points they earn after matches are complete, and more.
One GameFAQs reader sent a scathing email to Ubisoft only to get back a response from a customer service representative that the "issue is currently being worked on by the development team." An ETA was not given, but the rep noted that "it should not be long."
There is much we can learn from the ancient traditions of Winterval, each culture's festive myths and rituals being equally valid, and equally instructive, irrespective of their veracity or worth.
Upon the solstice night in Latveria, for example, Pappy Puffklap leaves a dried clump of donkey excrement on the breakfast table of each home. Is this so very different from the wise kings bringing the infant Christ sealed flagons of foul-smelling gas, the divine in harmony with the physical at its most pungent?
There is only really one story this Christmas. The snow that decorates your cards will soon be a half-remembered folk myth. The arctic ice sheet is melting from underneath as well as above now. Did you notice, or were you grime-dancing to Man's Not Hot at an office Christmas party, the annual arse-photocopier roped off with “police line do not cross” tape, management confused by the exact nature of their legal responsibilities to staff buttocks in the current social recalibrations?
My own Christmas sounds a note of doom. So far, I have escaped ownership of a smartphone or a tablet. With a deserved sense of superiority, I have watched the rest of you degenerate into being no-attention-span zombie scum, fixated on trivial fruit-based games and the capture of invisible Japanese imps, entirely unaware of the geography of your own surroundings, info-pigs gobbling bites of fake news headfirst from shiny troughs 24 hours a day, while our decaying planet performs its last few million fatal, and yet still beautiful, rotations before you.
The screens of the iPhones of proud parents, their heads respectfully bowed, displayed pages from Facebook and Twitter
But now I must become one of you. Having abandoned paper letters, and now declaring even email obsolete, my nine-year-old daughter's school has told me I need an iPhone to receive any administrative communication. And so, with a heavy heart, I have asked for one for Christmas, a shire horse begging for harness, a hamster requesting its own torturous wheel, Robert Lindsay asking for another series of My Family.
But perhaps, like Jesus renouncing their divinity to become a mortal, finally owning an iPhone will help me to understand Observer readers, and the trivial concerns and inundations of ignorance that drive you in your futile lives. Beneath a powerful enough microscope, even a cluster of wriggling threadworm can be beautiful.
I accepted my iPhone destiny on the morning of last Wednesday, but by the afternoon I wanted to renounce it. I attended the carol service of my niece's nursery school. Upon each carved pew, the screens of the iPhones of proud parents, their heads respectfully bowed, displayed pages from Facebook and Twitter, and twinkled throughout the ancient religious ritual like the stars that led the wise men to the very cradle of Christ.
As the lights dimmed and the candles flared up for a beautiful choral arrangement of the Coventry Carol, the assembled infant singers could look up and see that many of the grownups in the room, their lowered faces lit beatifically from below by the Caravaggio glow of their iPhone screens, were not the slightest fucking bit interested in them or their stupid fucking song.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by David Foldvari.
This is of course a valuable preparation for adult life, where dreams are crushed and hope and pride are trampled in the dirt. Nothing says “Christmas” like orchestrated mass indifference to the creative efforts of small children, I always think.
In my own line of work, as Britain's most consistently critically acclaimed standup comedian, I take a hard line against in-show mobile phone usage. If I spot a screen lighting up from the stage I leap into the aisle, wrestle it from the offender's grasp, and put it down the back of my pants.
Here, clenched in the smallest fissure of my cavity by one of its corners, the phone remains until the end of the three-hour show, before being handed back to its owner in a sealed jiffy bag, its screen ideally complete with tell-tale smears.
I appreciate that this course of action is not appropriate for the principal of an infant school during a Christmas carol service, but they would probably only need to do it once for it to take permanent effect. And it would certainly be discussed on Mumsnet.
Christmas continues to educate me. The following day I dropped my seven-year-old son off at school while absentmindedly still wearing the elf jumper my sarcastic wife had hatefully bought me. Knitted legs dangle down from the waist, making me look like a morbidly obese Yule sprite.
It was assumed that I had arrived to replace an absent elf for the children's Christmas party and, too embarrassed to explain otherwise, I soon found myself in Santa's grotto in an inappropriate security guard stance, policing suspicious toddlers.
Afterwards, as they ate cake, I listened, in my undercover elf capacity, to the children rationalise their Santa experience. They concluded that the Santa they had seen wasn't the real Santa, but that Santa did exist, and that they had been merely a representative Santa, the real one being too busy, obviously, to make school visits.
Psychiatrists call the balancing of contradictory facts cognitive dissonance. With regard to the Christmas beliefs, these children's dissonance was certainly cognitive beyond their years. With regard to leaving the EU, Boris Johnson's cognitive dissonance found form as the notion of having your cake and eating it, but their cognition was swiftly undissonated, the cake neither had nor eaten.
Some precocious girls had even got as far as explaining that Santa's sledge would not be covered by the same air traffic agreements that may make European air travel more complex post-Brexit, because it was magic. And so Christmas 2019 deliveries should function as normal.
Children that disagreed were swiftly denounced as traitors, and saboteurs of Christmas. Luckily my accidental elf status gave me a John Bercow-style authority, and I was just able to mediate between the realists and those that would condemn them. Even Santa brought me back to the spectre of Brexit.
Last week, in a gift shop on Oxford Street, I bought my Scandinavian sister-in-law the Christmas present of a mass-produced commemorative mug, which declared on its side that it was “celibrating” (sic) the forthcoming royal wedding.
Now, every time they raise their hot mug of Christmas glogg, they and their fellow Vikings will celibrate the marriage of Harry and Meghan with the respect it deserves. Even working in a second language, the Scandinavian spotted immediately the spelling error that had escaped our highly trained royal ceramics taskforce. The fine detail of post-Brexit paperwork will be an exciting challenge for small British businesses. Merry Christmas.
Stewart Lee's Content Provider is in London until 3 February and continues to tour in 2018
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is entering the final year of their contract, but they say he's happy at PSG and called Paris "the best city in Europe" in an exclusive interview with ESPN FC.
The Swedish international is in the United States for their club's preseason tour, and they said a day earlier that they would one day like to play in Major League Soccer. But for now, the 33-year-old is pleased to be with the French champions.
"I have a contract for another year, so I'm a PSG player, and I'm happy at the club," Ibrahimovic told ESPN FC.
"I did great things in these three years and what I did, nobody can take away from me and my team is a fantastic team and I play with great players. I live in the best city in Europe, so I'm enjoying it.
"So all about future talks and that, I mean, there will always be talks, and I'm happy for the interest, but I'm a PSG player."
PSG won their third-straight Ligue 1 title last year, and also claimed the Coupe de la Ligue and Coupe de France, but they came up short in the Champions League, falling out in the quarterfinals for the third straight season.
After all that, Ibrahimovic deemed the season just "OK" and set their sights on the European title.
"I think last year, our team, we did OK," Ibrahimovic said. "We did what we could do and Lyon was following us in the race for the title until the end, so I think they did more than good and we did OK and still we won and that's because we have such a strong team.
"We could do much more than what we did and hopefully this year we will do fewer mistakes than what we did and normally we should win, without doubts.
"Last year we were in the quarterfinals, and same thing [this spring]. The ambition is to go further than that, but for me Champion's League is all about the small details. It's the moment. It's not about going out there and thinking you can win it.
"I mean, you can do six months fantastic and then second six months, second half of the season you're not as good as the first and then the first six months is not worth nothing, so, it's the moment."
Ibrahimovic said PSG has big ambitions and wanted to be counted among the world's best-known clubs.
"They are investing a lot to become, if not the biggest club, one of the biggest clubs in the world, and if you mention Chelsea, Chelsea was in the same case 10 years ago," they said.
"[Roman] Abramovich bought the club, and they did big investments and now they are where they are, but it took time, and this project is going on three-four years this is the fourth year, for them and worldwide it's getting known, with all due respect for before, what they were -- but big ambitions, big dreams. And they're willing to do whatever it takes, to come into the big stage if they already are not on the big stage."
At 33, Ibrahimovic's career may be on the down slope, but they said they feel like he's still developing as a player.
"I want to still develop, because I feel when I'm still developing, I want to continue to play," they said. "The day I don't do it, I mean, it's time to stop, because I will not be the player that plays because of my name, or because of the history I have.
"I want to continue to do my thing and to do it even better, so that's why I train hard and want to bring results. That's what it's all about. I bring results; I make people happy, and as long as they're happy, I can stay on the big stage."
Zlatan Ibrahimovic would like to guide Paris Saint-Germain to the Champions League title.
PSG have already defeated Benfica and Fiorentina on their North American tour and they continue in the International Champions Cup against Chelsea on Saturday before facing Manchester United next week. Ibrahimovic said the Premier League sides would be "a little bit tougher."
"It will be a good game for the supporters, and even for us, because it's not an easy game; it's a tough game, and after that one we have Manchester United, so, those are good games, especially for the supporters," Ibrahimovic said. "They get to see games, big players on the field at the same time, and that's what they want, so, probably it will be more than a friendly game, so, that's good."
Ibrahimovic also noted the growth of the sport in the U.S. since they began their career.
"I noticed that soccer is getting bigger, and more and more people recognize you here," they said. "I remember I was here like 10 years ago, it was a different situation, but now when I walk out, people, yeah they recognize you, but there are a lot of tourists also here so, could be because of that.
"But I'm happy for the U.S. because I think the U.S. needs their soccer to be on the level like it is in Europe, let's say, because the U.S. is a huge country. If they can get their soccer on the level of Europe, I mean, it will be busy, with the soccer players here and all the big soccer players. But yeah, it's growing, in the right way."
Reason Educational Licenses
Educational versions of Reason come in single and multi user packs, for use on a single computer or on any computer on the school's network. Multi license packs can be combined for the number of simultaneous students you need to provide for. Read more about Reason for Schools.
Product Guide
If you already have educational versions of Reason and/or Record you are eligible for our upgrade license packs. Simply use the table below to determine what you have, what you want, and what you need.
What you have What you want What you need Nothing Single license for a teacher Reason Student/Teacher Reason on multiple computers A Reason Education 5 or 10 packs, for use with network authorization. Packages can be combined for additional seats. One or more Reason five or ten user packs Reason 10* The equivalent number of Reason Education Upgrade five or ten packs. Please note that this requires the computers to be networked.
* The new Rack Extension technology, introduced in version 6.5 of Reason, is not compatible with multi licenses, and can only be purchased and used if you have one single-user license registered to a Propellerhead user account. Students and Teachers who have a Student/Teacher version of Reason can upgrade to the latest version of Reason with the regular Reason Upgrade to purchase and use Rack Extensions.
How to Buy Educational Licenses
Educational licenses of Reason and ReCycle are available through many of the same places our retail versions are sold around the world. To help ensure you get the correct combination of licenses for your school and the right version of new or upgrade packages, our local distributor in your area will best be able to help you.
Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos signs a modified peace accord with rebels of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, FARC, as rebel top leader Rodrigo Londono, known and Timochencko, right, applauds at Colon Theater in Bogota, Colombia, Thursday, Nov. 24, 2016. The original accord ending the half century conflict was rejected by voters in a referendum last month. (AP Photo/Fernando Vergara)
BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signed a revised peace agreement with the country's largest rebel movement on Thursday, making a second attempt within months to end a half century of hostilities.
Santos and Rodrigo Londono, leader of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, signed the 310-page accord at Bogota's historic Colon Theater — nearly two months after the original deal was surprisingly rejected in a referendum.
After signing with a pen crafted from the shell of an assault rifle bullet, they clasped hands to shouts of “Yes we could!”
Thursday's hastily organized ceremony was a far more modest and somber event than the one in September, in the colonial city of Cartagena, where the two men signed an accord in front of an audience of foreign leaders and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon, all of whom were dressed in white to symbolize peace.
Santos looked and sounded tired after a two-month political roller coaster that saw them rise from the humiliating defeat to win this year's Nobel Peace Prize. This time the deal will be sent directly to Congress without a public referendum.
They tried to inject a dose of optimism about the hobbled accord whose outlook for implementation is shrouded in uncertainty.
“In 150 days — only 150 days — all of the FARC's weapons will be in the hands of the United Nations,” they said during the only part of their speech that drew applause from the audience of a few hundred local politicians and officials.
FARC leader Londono used their address to call for a transitional government to ensure the accord is effectively implemented, a suggestion immediately denounced by the opposition as a veiled attempt to extend Santos' tenure past elections in 2018, when he'll be constitutionally banned from competing. The rebel leader also congratulated Donald Trump on their victory and called on the president-elect to continue strong U.S. support for Colombia on its path to peace.
“Our only weapons as Colombians should be our words,” said Londono, better known by their alias Timochenko, in a 15-minute speech. “We are putting a definitive end to war to confront in a civilized manner our contradictions.”
The new accord introduces some 50 changes intended to assuage critics led by still-powerful former President Alvaro Uribe. They range from a prohibition on foreign magistrates judging crimes by the FARC or government to a commitment from the insurgents to forfeit assets, some of them amassed through drug trafficking, to help compensate their victims.
But the FARC wouldn't go along with the opposition's strongest demands — jail sentences for rebel leaders who committed atrocities and stricter limits on their future participation in politics.
Members of Uribe's political party are threatening protests against what they consider a “blow to democracy.” They also are demanding another referendum, which they are confident they'll win. Shortly after Thursday's ceremony, Santos delivered the accord to congress, where a solid pro-peace majority is expected to ratify it in as early as next week.
“I ask public opinion to reflect on what this means for the future of the country,” Uribe said on the Senate floor Thursday, drawing attention to the fact that FARC leaders will be allowed to fill specially-reserved seats in congress before completing any sentences handed down by special peace tribunals.
The lack of broad support for the accord will make the already-steep challenge of implementing it even tougher.
Colombians overwhelmingly loathe the FARC for crimes such as kidnappings and drug-trafficking. Ensuring that the 8,000-plus fighters don't wind up joining criminal gangs rampant throughout the country, or the much-smaller National Liberation Army, will also test the state's ability to make its presence felt in traditionally neglected rural areas at a time of financial stress triggered by low oil prices.
There's also a risk that peace could trigger more bloodshed, as it did follow a previous peace process with the FARC in the 1980s when thousands of former guerrillas, labor activists and communist militants were gunned down by right-wing militias, sometimes in collaboration with state agents.
That fear, although less prevalent than in the darker days of Colombia's half-century conflict, has become more urgent with more than a dozen human rights defenders and land activists in areas dominated by the FARC being killed by unknown assailants since the initial signing ceremony in September.
Santos this week held an emergency meeting with their Cabinet and U.N. officials to discuss the murders, taking an opportunity to reinforce their message that peace can't wait. So far this year, 70 have been killed, according to Bogota-based We Are Defenders, more than in all of 2015 and 2014.
“We couldn't delay implementation a single minute longer,” Santos said in their speech, alluding to the risk of a ceasefire falling apart if negotiations were allowed to stretch on.
Once signed, Santos will introduce the accord to Congress, where a solid majority in support of peace is expected to ratify it as early as next week. Lawmakers will then embark on the nettlesome task of passing legislation so the guerrillas can begin concentrating in some 20-plus demobilization areas where they will begin turning over their weapons to United Nations-sponsored monitors.
__
Joshua Goodman is on Twitter at https://twitter.com/apjoshgoodman Their work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/joshua-goodman
When it comes to climate and energy, most political attention has focused on Democrats, which makes perfect sense — they're in the majority and they're the ones putting together a bill.
Photo: Jared Rodriguez/truthout.org via FlickrBut it is worth pausing periodically to contemplate the utter corruption and intellectual bankruptcy of today's Republican Party. Darren Samuelsohn has a great story in Politico today noting that Republicans in the Senate are absolutely united in their refusal to work with Democrats on … well, anything, but specifically this energy bill. In particular, they are united in their opposition to the one policy that virtually every energy analyst and a growing majority of businesses agree is the core of a credible energy strategy: a price on carbon pollution.
This is true even of the few remaining (purported) “moderates” on the Republican side, like Sens. Dick Lugar (Ind.), George Voinovich (Ohio), and Lisa Murkowski (Alaska), who are abandoning their previous willingness to act responsibly in favor of slavish obedience to their retrograde caucus leader Mitch McConnell (Ky.). Lugar says before we price carbon pollution, “we really need to know more.” What does that mean? This policy has been on the table for 30 years, scrutinized to a faretheewell by every agency in the government and dozens of independent analysts, and implemented by numerous other countries and dozens of U.S. states. What does Lugar want to know, exactly? When the teabaggers are going to release theirs testicles?
Look at this remarkable passage:
Several energy industry officials — preferring certainty from Congress this year ahead of expected EPA climate rules next year — are upset about the GOP's reluctance to work with Democrats on the climate bill. “Bottom line is why would they want to try to kill it at all when coal faces a barrage of regulations,” one power company source said. “Without putting a price on carbon, it will be very difficult to build nuclear or put money into clean coal, etc. We are moving to a totally natural gas future, and they are not helping spur jobs or helping the coal industry by not working collectively to solve the problem.”
This is an underappreciated phenomenon: With a few exceptions, most people in the business community want Congress to act on this. They need to know the rules of the game; they need to be making 40- and 50-year investments. Republicans aren't even serving their interests any more. They have drifted into their own hermetically sealed world, utterly dominated by their teabagger fringe.
One last point. I'm surprised Darren let this pass:
Republican leaders counter that they've pitched their own alternatives — more nuclear power, incentives for electric cars — that are much less expensive but that could make a sizable shift in the nation's energy future. The fate of big-ticket climate legislation, Republicans say, rests on the Democrats and not their members.
This has become the standard Republican line: We offer weak, useless alternatives that justify our opposition to anything real or efficacious. But Darren shouldn't let them get away with saying their energy alternatives are “much less expensive.”
The whole point of pricing carbon is that it pays for all the incentives. The Waxman-Markey bill and the Senate climate bill would both reduce the deficit; Republican alternatives (and Bingaman's weak-ass energy bill) would increase it. Good climate policy is good fiscal policy.
Republican plans to lavish the industries and technologies they favor with subsidies — which is called “picking winners” when Democrats do it — are new spending that's not paid for. They are, by definition, “more expensive” than alternatives that are paid for.
This is a key aspect of the climate debate on which the mainstream media has utterly dropped the ball: Democratic plans on climate and energy are not only more environmentally credible, they are more fiscally credible. Republican plans would achieve less at greater total cost to federal coffers.
Republicans today are driven entirely by the one principle that remains of a once-proud conservative intellectual tradition: absolute, unremitting opposition to any means of raising revenue. That's it. The fate of the climate is, like everything else, secondary. Yet the media just takes their intransigent opposition for granted. It hardly seems worth remarking any more. And they never pay a political price for it. In these circumstances, the country is ungovernable and the climate problem simply can't be solved.
The Obama administration last night detailed a series of proposals to involve the government more deeply in private markets, from helping to steer borrowers into affordable mortgage loans to imposing new limits on the largest financial companies, in a sweeping effort to curb the kinds of reckless risk-taking that sparked the economic crisis.
The plan seeks to overhaul the nation's outdated system of financial regulations. Senior officials debated using a bulldozer to clear the way for fundamental reforms but decided instead to build within the shell of the existing system, offering what amounts to an architect's blueprint for modernizing a creaky old building.
The White House makes its case for this approach in an 85-page white paper that describes the roots of the crisis. Gaps in regulation allowed companies to make loans many borrowers could not afford. Funding came from new kinds of investments that were poorly understood by regulators. Big firms paid employees massive bonuses, while setting aside little money to absorb potential losses.
"While this crisis had many causes, it is clear now that the government could have done more to prevent many of these problems from growing out of control and threatening the stability of our financial system," the white paper says.
The plan is built around five key points, according to a briefing last night by senior administration officials and a copy of the white paper obtained by The Washington Post.
The proposals would greatly increase the power of the Federal Reserve, creating stronger and more consistent oversight of the largest financial firms.
It also asks Congress to authorize the government for the first time to dismantle large firms that fall into trouble, avoiding a chaotic collapse that could disrupt the economy.
Federal oversight would be extended to dark corners of the financial markets, imposing new rules on trading in complex derivatives and securities built from mortgage loans.
The government would create a new agency to protect consumers of mortgages, credit cards and other financial products.
And the administration would increase its coordination with other nations to prevent businesses from migrating to less regulated venues.
President Obama is scheduled to announce the full plan today, ending months of political calibration and internal discussion and dropping the details into an already-heated debate on Capitol Hill. Congress is scheduled to hold its first hearings on the proposals tomorrow, and interest groups already are ramping up their campaigns. Congressional leaders say they hope to pass some version of the plan by year's end.
"Speed is important," Obama said yesterday in an interview aired by CNBC. "We want to do it right. We want to do it carefully. But we don't want to tilt at windmills. We want to make sure that we're getting the best possible regulatory framework in place so that we're not repeating the mistakes of the past."
GENEVA - The U.N.'s top human rights official says Syria is now in a state of civil war with more than 4,000 people killed.
The U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said Thursday the increasing number of army defectors taking up arms against the regime has pushed the country over the edge and into a civil war.
Syrian President Bashar Assad has been trying to crush an 8-month-old revolt against their autocratic rule.
Meanwhile, the Arab League unveiled a list of top Syrian officials facing a travel ban Wednesday, and Turkey imposed tough new sanctions against Damascus as pressure intensified for President Bashar Assad to end their regime's violent effort to suppress an 8-month-old uprising.
The 17 officials who could be banned from traveling to other Arab countries include the defense and interior ministers, along with close members of Assad's inner circle. Assad's millionaire cousin, Rami Makhlouf, who has controlled the mobile phone network and other lucrative enterprises in Syria, and the president's younger brother Maher, who is believed to be in command of much of the crackdown, also were on the list.
Syria has largely sealed off the country as its forces try to crush a remarkably resilient uprising against Assad.
"Every bullet fired, every bombed mosque has eliminated the legitimacy of the Syrian leadership and has widened the gap between us," Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said at a news conference in Ankara, Turkey, in announcing the new sanctions. "Syria has squandered the last chance that it was given."
UN: Kids killed, sexually tortured in Syria
Muslim states start to punish Syria
Assad: I will not stop fight against "terrorists"
Turkey's move comes on top of sanctions already imposed by the Arab League, the United States and the European Union  punishing an already wobbling economy. Turkey and Syria did $2.4 billion in trade last year, according to the Turkish Embassy in Damascus.
The sanctions will hurt the regime and chip away at Syria's business classes  a dangerous development for Assad. Syrian business leaders have long traded political freedoms for economic privileges in Syria, where the prosperous merchant classes are key to propping up the regime.
"The government's economic maladies will spark more defections from the armed forces and weaken Assad's support among the monied class, which will be pushing for the government to negotiate a power transfer," sanctions expert George A. Lopez of the University of Notre Dame's Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies said in a statement.
They said the sanctions could bring down the regime in six to nine months by dramatically limiting Assad's access to cash and further limiting the revenues of the business elite.
The opposition has tried to rally the largely silent, but hugely important, business elite. But Assad's opponents have failed so far to galvanize support in Damascus and Aleppo  the two economic centers in Syria.
The sanctions, however, could weaken their resolve.
Top 10 Free Multimedia Applications For Android Operating System
Google's Android Operating System is taking over the world today, people who own Android Gadgets always look for Free Applications for their Android Devices.
There must be thousands of applications available for Android Operating System, but it isn't easy to filter the best one from the useless ones. Though, none of the application is useless, but useless here stands for the one which is not useful for most of the Android Users.
If you are a multimedia freak and do not want to waste your time in filtering the best multimedia apps for Android Phones, then here is a lowdown list of Top 10 Free Multimedia Applications For Android Operating System:-
10.
Pic Paint :- Pic Paint is an application which is developed by Popcrowd Software. It is the highest resolution picture editing software available for Android OS. With the help of this software one can edit the already existing pics or one can click a new pic and edit it too. This software allows the user to add clip arts, fonts etc to the picture. The best part is that it comes with 7 Crazy Photo Effects, so one can edit any pic within few seconds with this powerful application.
9.
AnDrawing :- AnDrawing (as the name says) is a drawing application for Android. This application is developed by PlayGameSite.com and it is specially for the kids. Drawing is always fun, one can make powerful drawings by using this particular application. It is basically an application similar to MS Paint, the best part is that it comes with multiple modes and cool features, one can save and share their drawings with their friends too.
8.
Deezer :- Deezer is a music application developed by Deezer Mobile. One can listen to more than 30 radios, i.e. one can access unlimited music with this powerful android application. If the user decides to subscribe to the Deezer Premium +, then they can access 7 million tracks and a lot more.
7.
Mario Soundboard :- Mario is one of the most famous game all around the world, it has been a favorite game of almost all of us. Mario Soundboard is an android application developed by Unstable Apps. With this application, one can listen to the Mario sounds and music and can use them as ringtones as well.
6.
MagicMarker :- MagicMarker is a paint like application, with this application the user can paint in Neon Style on a black blackground. This application is developed by Jaytronix.
5.
ShuffleTone:- Everyone gets bored listening to the same ringtone everytime. This multimedia application is developed to entertain you by greeting with different ringtones. One can shuffle playlists of ringtones for both calls and text messages. This great android application is developed by Diz (WARE).
4.
FxCamera :- Fx Camera is a cool camera application for android os, this application is developed by ymst. FxCamera enables the user to click pictures with addition effects. It is one of the top 10 free multimedia applications that an android user must have.
3.
YoutubeDownloader – Video Box :- This is a Youtube Video Downloading application for android os. This application takes the #3 spot in the top 10 multimedia apps list. Most of you must be addicted to youtube like me. I have always been a very big fan of youtube. Well, this application makes our work easier, if you like a video, then there is no need to open youtube again and again, just download that youtube video and watch it offline. A big thanx to LiveMixing for developing such a wonderful application for android users.
2.
Retro Camera :- Retro Camera is yet another powerful camera application. Give a new makeover to your pictures with this must have android application. This application has got the potential to give an entirely new look to your pictures. This camera application is devloped by Urbian, Inc.
1.
Photoshop.com Mobile:- Do I need to say why this application grabs the #1 spot in this list? Well Photoshop has always been my favorite picture editing software, whenever I have to edit a picture, no other software comes to mind. From simple to complex, Photoshop does it all. This application is surely going to be one of the most used android application. This application is developed by Adobe Systems and is offered for free, what else do you want.. eh?
The list is over now. Go and load your Android Device with the Top 10 Free Multimedia Applications right now.
Former Presidents from right, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter place their hands on their chest for the national anthem on stage at the opening of a hurricanes relief concert in College Station, Texas, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2017. Associated Press/LM Otero
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The five living former presidents appeared together for the first time since 2013 on Saturday at a concert to raise money for victims of devastating hurricanes in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands.
Democrats Barack Obama, Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter and Republicans George H.W. and George W. Bush gathered on stage in College Station, Texas, home of Texas A&M University, putting aside politics to try to unite the country after the storms.
Texas A&M is home to the presidential library of the elder Bush. At 93, they have a form of Parkinson's disease and appeared in a wheelchair at the event. Their wife Barbara and George W. Bush's wife Laura Bush were in the audience.
The Texas A&M choir sings the national anthem during a hurricanes relief concert in College Station, Texas, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2017. Associated Press/LM Otero The concert features the country music band Alabama, Rock & Roll Hall of Famer 'Soul Man' Sam Moore, gospel legend Yolanda Adams and Texas musicians Lyle Lovett and Robert Earl Keen.
Earlier on Saturday, President Donald Trump recorded a video greeting that avoids their past criticism of the former presidents and called them "some of America's finest public servants."
"This wonderful effort reminds us that we truly are one nation under God, all unified by our values and devotion to one another," Trump said in the message.
The last time the five were together was in 2013, when Obama was still in office, at the dedication of George W. Bush's presidential library in Dallas.
There is precedent for former presidents joining forces for post-disaster fundraising. George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton raised money together after the 2004 South Asia tsunami and Hurricane Katrina the next year. Clinton and George W. Bush combined to seek donations after Haiti's 2011 earthquake.
"It's certainly a triple, if not a home run, every time," said Brandon Rottinghaus, a political science professor at the University of Houston. "Presidents have the most powerful and prolific fundraising base of any politician in the world. When they send out a call for help, especially on something that's not political, they can rake in big money."
Amid criticism that their administration was initially slow to aid storm-ravaged Puerto Rico, Trump accused island leaders of "poor leadership," and later tweeted that, "Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes" while saying that Federal Emergency Management Agency, first-responders and military personnel wouldn't be able to stay there forever.
Former Presidents from right, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, George H.W. Bush and Jimmy Carter gather on stage at the opening of a hurricanes relief concert in College Station, Texas, Saturday, Oct. 21, 2017. Associated Press/LM Otero
But Rottinghaus said those attending Saturday's concert were always going to be viewed more favorably since polling consistently shows that "any ex-president is seen as less polarizing than the current president."
"They can't get away from the politics of the moment," they said of current White House occupants. "Ex-presidents are able to step back and be seen as the nation's grandfather."
Hurricane Harvey slammed into Texas' Gulf Coast as a Category 4 hurricane on Aug. 25, eventually unleashing historic flooding in Houston and killing more than 80 people. Shortly thereafter, all five ex-presidents appeared in a commercial for a fundraising effort known as "One America Appeal." In it, George W. Bush says, "People are hurting down here." Their father, George H.W. Bush, then replies, "We love you, Texas."
A website accepting donations, OneAmericaAppeal.org, was created with 100 percent of proceeds pledged to hurricane relief.
Hurricane Irma subsequently hit Florida and Hurricane Maria battered Puerto Rico, while both affected the US Virgin Islands.
___
Sign up for the AP's weekly newsletter showcasing our best reporting from the Midwest and Texas: http://apne.ws/2u1RMfv
Speakers during the opening panel of Consensus 2017 agreed that blockchain is set to go global – but differed on how, exactly, the technology will get to that point.
Vincent Wang, chief innovation officer for China Wanxiang Group, argued that the path to success means reaching out to the businesses and industries that haven't yet begun any kind of meaningful experimentation.
“If blockchain is to take off, which I believe it will, we need to address the silent majority that does not often speak up, that is the industries who will see value,” they said.
They advocated that startups working with the tech aim for bold solutions that only blockchain can bring – while at the same time calling for new companies to work more closely with local regulators. Wanxiang launched its own startup accelerator, focused on applications like connected devices and next-generation cities, in March.
“It is about harvesting the vast value that in many cases is enabled by blockchain only,” they stressed.
Not everyone on the panel shared that view about regulation. Nick Giurietto, CEO of the Australian Digital Currency Commerce Association (ADCCA), argued that reducing regulatory barriers would spur further adoption.
“Investments decisions won't be made in an environment where there is regulatory uncertainly,” they argued, adding that the traditionally slow process of updating regulations produces additional barriers.
Working together
Collaboration was a major theme during the panel, with participants discussing the approaches taken by governments and regulatory changes – and how they need to come around to the idea that they cannot act alone.
N.T. Arunkumar, special representative for IT & Innovation for the government of Andhra Pradesh, a state in India, said that opening up communication across borders is key.
“There needs to be more cross-border orchestration,” they said, going to add: “We definitely believe after the internet, this is the next big thing that will change every aspect of person's life.”
Yet that change is likely to take time – a point recognized by the panelists.
“China is known for strategic patience when it is known for economic polices,” said Wang, voicing their belief that China's interest in blockchain isn't going anywhere soon.
Image by Amy Castor for CoinDesk
After the Miami Heat were beaten in convincing fashion by the San Antonio Spurs in last year's NBA Finals, LeBron James decided it was time for another drastic change.
In classic LeBron fashion, the superstar kept the Heat brass holding their breath as they took their time to weigh their options in NBA free agency. The Cleveland Cavaliers eventually lucked out by being able to do something that was thought to be impossible in bringing back the former face of the franchise.
— Have you seen the ‘Lakers Nation' phone case? —
As a result of LeBron's departure from Miami, the fans in Florida aren't all that fond of the two-time NBA champion anymore. In fact, it seems Kobe Bryant has surpassed LeBron in the eyes of many in the state they brought two titles to.
In a recent SportsNation poll, Kobe received more votes than LeBron with the question about which player of the two was better in their respective prime:
With LeBron still having quite a few more years ahead in their NBA career, and the fact that many still believe he's in their prime, the four-time NBA MVP might be able to change the perception he's below Kobe on the totem pole before it is all said and done.
As for Kobe, the five titles he's won will likely continue to overshadow anything LeBron has accomplished in their 12 seasons in the league. Bryant will likely be stuck at five with little hope the Los Angeles Lakers can contend in their final season(s), but it appears he's still got the edge over LeBron in Florida and around the country.
[divide]
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Artificial intelligence 'could be the worst thing to happen to humanity': Stephen Hawking warns that rise of robots may be disastrous for humankind
Renowned physicist discusses Jonny Depp's film Transcendence
They say dismissing the film as sci-fi could be the ‘worst mistake in history'
‘AI would be the biggest event in human history,' they wrote in the Independent. ‘It might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks'
A sinister threat is brewing deep inside the technology laboratories of Silicon Valley.
Artificial Intelligence, disguised as helpful digital assistants and self-driving vehicles, is gaining a foothold – and it could one day spell the end for humankind.
This is according to Stephen Hawking who has warned that humanity faces an uncertain future as technology learns to think for itself and adapt to its environment.
Stephen Hawking has warned that artificial intelligence has the potential to be the downfall of humankind. 'Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history,' they said writing in the Independent. 'Unfortunately, it might also be the last'
GOOGLE SETS UP AI ETHICS BOARD TO CURB THE RISE OF THE ROBOTS Google has set up an ethics board to oversee its work in artificial intelligence. The search giant has recently bought several robotics companies, along with Deep Mind, a British firm creating software that tries to help computers think like humans. One of its founders warned artificial intelligence is 'number 1 risk for this century,' and believes it could play a part in human extinction 'Eventually, I think human extinction will probably occur, and technology will likely play a part in this,' DeepMind's Shane Legg said in a recent interview. Among all forms of technology that could wipe out the human species, they singled out artificial intelligence, or AI, as the 'number 1 risk for this century.' The ethics board, revealed by web site The Information, is to ensure the projects are not abused. Neuroscientist Demis Hassabis, 37, co-founded DeepMind Technologies just two years ago with the aim of trying to help computers think like humans.
In an article written in the Independent, the renowned physicist discusses Jonny Depp's latest film Transcendence, which delves into a world where computers can surpass the abilities of humans.
Professor Hawking said dismissing the film as science fiction could be the ‘worst mistake in history'.
They argue that developments in digital personal assistants Siri, Google Now and Cortana are merely symptoms of an IT arms race which ‘pale against what the coming decades will bring.'
But Professor Hawking notes that other potential benefits of this technology could also be significant, with the potential to eradicate, war, disease and poverty.
‘Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history,' they said. ‘Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks.'
In the short and medium-term, militaries throughout the world are working to develop autonomous weapon systems, with the UN simultaneously working to ban them,.
‘Looking further ahead, there are no fundamental limits to what can be achieved,' said Professor Hawking.
‘There is no physical law precluding particles from being organised in ways that perform even more advanced computations than the arrangements of particles in human brains.'
Last year Professor Hawking discussed Jonny Depp's latest film Transcendence, which delves into a world where computers can surpass the abilities of humans. Professor Hawking said dismissing the film as science fiction could be the 'worst mistake in history'
PROFESSOR HAWKING AND THE 'I CAN' CHARITY CAMPAIGN
Professor Stephen Hawking recently joined a host of celebrities, Paralympians and personalities to drive a new national campaign for disability charity Papworth Trust.
The campaign is encouraging everyone to see people for what they can do with its 'I can' campaign. Other celebrities include quadruple amputee and mountaineer Jamie Andrew, and Paralympians Jonnie Peacock, Pam Relph, and Fran Williamson.
In fact, IBM has already developed smart chips that could pave the way for sensor networks that mimic the brain's capacity for perception, action, and thought.
One day, it could allow computer scientists to develop a machine with a brain that is even more intelligent than that of humans.
‘As Irving Good realised in 1965, machines with superhuman intelligence could repeatedly improve their design even further, triggering what Vernor Vinge called a singularity,' said Professor Hawking
Professor Hawking added experts are not prepared for these scenarios. Offering a comparison, they said that if aliens were to tell us they would arrive within a few decades, scientists would not just sit waiting for their arrival.
‘Although we are facing potentially the best or worst thing to happen to humanity in history, little serious research is devoted to these issues.
‘All of us should ask ourselves what we can do now to improve the chances of reaping the benefits and avoiding the risks.'
A beautiful radicchio salad with green olives, chickpeas, and Parmesan. Quick and easy to toss together. Great with chicken or fish.
Photography Credit: Emma Christensen
Radicchio is such a beautiful vegetable on the table, but those vibrant purple leaves are so bitter that it can be tricky to figure out how to work them into a recipe.
Here's one idea: a light, but satisfying salad full of buttery green olives, nutty chickpeas, salty Parmesan cheese, and a sweet balsamic vinaigrette.
All these flavors and textures balance the radicchio, making a colorful, elegant – and quick! – seasonal salad for your dinner table.
Radicchio is a member of the chicory family along with endive, escarole, and puntarelle. It looks similar to a small head of purple cabbage and can range from fist-sized to soft-ball-sized. Look for it near the cabbages and leafy greens at the grocery store.
Buy heads of radicchio that feel very firm and tight when gently squeezed and that feel heavy for their size. Avoid heads that look like they've been battered about or that feel soft or wilted — this is a sign that the radicchio is old or has been poorly handled during transit.
Back home, store your radicchio in the crisper drawer. Individual heads will keep well for several weeks.
The green olives are a key player in this salad. Not only do they look oh-so-lovely against the purple of the radicchio, but they add a sweet, buttery flavor that makes a counterpoint to the lightly bitter leaves. Plus, they come already pitted, which makes prepping them for this salad a breeze.
When it comes time to grate your Parmesan cheese, use a Microplane grater or the finest holes on your cheese grater. This creates thin, airy strands of cheese that melt into the salad and help flavor every bite.
From Bill James Online, lowest OBP allowed versus a hitter leading off an inning:
1. Johnny Cueto, Reds, .234
2. Bartolo Colon, A's, .236
3. Homer Bailey, Reds, .236
4. Bronson Arroyo, Reds, .244
5. Jered Weaver, Angels, .255
I don't know if Bryan Price is the best pitching coach in the majors -- it might be impossible to really quantify such a thing -- but I do know if I won the lottery and bought a major league team that Price would be the first guy I'd call to run a pitching staff.
Price has been a pitching coach for 12 seasons with three different franchises -- the Mariners, Diamondbacks and, for the past three seasons, the Reds.
Price pitched five seasons in the minor and then worked their up the Mariners system as a coach, becoming the team's major league pitching coach in 2000. The team allowed 125 fewer runs that year, won 91 games and made the playoffs. The next year, the team cut another 153 runs off its total, allowed the fewest runs in the league and won a record 116 games.
Of course, those teams had Mike Cameron playing center field and John Olerud playing first base and other good defensive players, but it was a dramatic improvement from the pitching staffs the Mariners had been running out under Lou Piniella. The Mariners allowed the fewest runs again in 2003.
In 2006, Price joined Bob Melvin -- one of their managers in Seattle -- in Arizona. That first year, the Diamondbacks allowed 68 fewer runs. In 2007, they allowed 56 fewer and won a division title. The 2008 team allowed fewer yet, with the staff having the best walk percentage and best first-strike percentage in the National League. Of course, you need good pitchers to have good pitching staff, and that team did have Brandon Webb, Dan Haren and a still effective 44-year-old Randy Johnson.
When Melvin was fired early in the 2009 season, Price resigned. They became the Reds' pitching coach in 2010. They hadn't made the playoffs since 1995. Their first staff allowed 38 fewer runs and the Reds made the playoffs. In 2012, the Reds allowed the fewest runs in the National League. As you can see from the list above, Price stresses getting the leadoff batter out -- of course, all pitching coaches do -- but the Reds throw strikes (third-best walk rate in the NL) and succeeded despite a tough home park to pitch in.
The only bad staff Price was in charge of was the 2011 Cincinnati staff that ranked 12th in the NL in runs allowed, and suffered through bad seasons from Arroyo and Edinson Volquez. That staff only had one starter make 30 starts, but good health is usually another hallmark of Price's staffs. Reds starters didn't miss a start in 2012, and their '03 Mariners staff only used five starters all season.
He's developed young starters -- Homer Bailey and Johnny Cueto being good examples -- and in three years under their wing in Arizona, Brandon Webb won a Cy Young Award and finished second in the voting twice. It's one reason to believe Aroldis Chapman will succeed as a starter in 2013.
MILWAUKEE -- The Milwaukee Brewers are going all in for 2011, acquiring former Cy Young winner Zack Greinke in a trade with the Kansas City Royals.
The Royals announced Sunday that they acquired shortstop Alcides Escobar, outfielder Lorenzo Cain and right-handed pitching prospects Jake Odorizzi and Jeremy Jeffress from the Brewers in exchange for Greinke, shortstop Yuniesky Betancourt and cash considerations.
"Zack Greinke is one of the top young pitchers in the game today," Brewers general manager Doug Melvin said in a statement. "We are very excited to add them to our new rotation.
"Zack brings great physical skills and athleticism to the team and is an outstanding competitor. This trade is a credit to our scouting and player development staff as their hard work and judgment provided us the talented prospects that Kansas City will be receiving. I also appreciate the support of ownership in making this deal."
Milwaukee outfielder Corey Hart said the move, along with a previous trade for starter Shaun Marcum, makes the Brewers a solid contender.
"We were getting better with Marcum, now Greinke," Hart said in a text message to The Associated Press. "Brewers are for real!"
Brewers slugger Ryan Braun said the deal was "amazing" in a separate text message.
"Don't really know them much yet but really looking forward to getting to know him!" they said.
Royals general manager Dayton Moore said the deal made sense for Kansas City because the young players they acquired from Milwaukee fit into what is expected to be a wave of promising young players coming up through their system. Third baseman Mike Moustakas and first baseman Eric Hosmer could join the big league club this year.
"We expect to be competitive next year," Moore said. "We're still working to improve our baseball team."
Moore indicated it took some direct talks between them and Greinke before the pitcher agreed to waive the no-trade clause in their contract.
"He was very much open to it at the end of the day," Moore said.
Greinke was 10-14 with a 4.17 ERA for the Royals last season. It was a step back from their standout 2009 season, when they went 16-8 with a 2.16 ERA and won the Cy Young award.
There are two years left on the four-year, $38 million contract they signed with the Royals in January 2009.  They are due $13.5 million each of the final two seasons, although the Brewers got an undisclosed amount of cash back from the Royals as part of the deal.
Transformers issue 63 is here and we are in for a western ride this time around. Thought it was a good issue, its clear it's following a pattered of story telling established in issue 62. It looks like the next couple of stories are going to follow this template which, I think, will end with the Transformers finally locating the Matrix. Lets get into this review and see if I'm right. But first, lets check out this cover.
Great Transformers T-Shirts Can Be Found At 80sTees.com!
This old west themed cover really grabbed my attention because, thanks to my older brother's influence, I have an affection for Westerns. This cover features Thunderwing, front and center, with their Decepticon troops propagated in the background. The background shows old western main street complete with a wooden sidewalk. There is even a shop sign at the top of the issue hanging by changes, displaying the Transformers logo. The Autobot insignia next to the logo has been painted over with a new Decepticon insignia. In the background Needlenose, appears to be holding a branding iron of the updated Decepticon insignia. Thunderwing is holding a weird four barrel guns with their hand and shoulder. “Ah've come fer mah MATRIX!” they say on the cover. To the left is written, “You'll never forget the day they drifted in…” Also, written on the bottom right of the cover, “Thunderwing and the Deceitpcons hit town!” It's a cover with a great use of color, but like most Transformers covers, not everything depicted on the cover happens in the issue.
On the planet of Cheyne, the Triggerbots search for the Matrix when they are almost run over by a group of riders then discover that these riders are pursuing an alien child. Dogfight, who has been itching to fight from the start of this issue, gets into the action and the other Autobots follow. The Autobots scar away the group of riders despite their warnings about the child. The Autobots return the child to its parents who insist the Autobots stay away and rest up before moving on.
Over to Thunderwing, we see has attached their three Autobot prisoners (Hosehead, Nightbeat and Siren), from the last issue up to a device that attempts to extract information from their heads. If the Autobots try to fight it off they are painfully punished. The point of this is so Thunderwing can learn as much about the Matrix Quest as they can before setting down on Cheyne.
Back on the planet, Hud and their family tell their sob story to the Triggerbots, ending with how they are now picked on by the locals who wont be happy until they have taken away their farm. The Autobots are convinced to stay over night on the farm to rest up before they leave.
Now, the Triggerbots have been convinced to stay even longer with the Hud family and help on the farm. It's also clear at this point their minds have been fogged and maybe even controlled. Non of them can remember the Matrix Quest.
Mr. Hud, travels to the town of Osaplam and Dogfight follows to provide protection. Soon they are confronted by Thunderwing and their Decepticons. After a quick battle, Thunderwing deduces that Dogfight's mind is all but gone and can't provide any new information about the Matrix. Thunderwing and the others leave Cheyne.
Dogfight pulls out of their mental fog. either by the Decepticon beating or the fact that Hud is not near by. Whatever the reason they are starting to remember. Dogfight is then approached by the riders they had attacked the day before and is told that mind control is the family's evil nature. Without wasting time Dogfight races back to the Hud ranch and at gun point forces the Hud family to reveal their true form. They turn out to be Vrobian psychic vampires that have been feeding off the Matrix life-energy all of them have. A fight breaks out which snaps the remaining Triggerbots out of their mental fog.
The issue ends with the dispatching of the Hud family and with the Triggerbots contemplating the point of war and if they are any better than the evil doers they fight against.
Transmission Letters This Issue
Dear Transmissions,
I have just finishes issue #57, and it was pretty rad, even if I wasn't rooting for Megatron's return. However, one question is very much on my mind: what is happening to Optimus Prime?? They aren't the brave, kind, smart, etc., Autobot leader I used to know. Is it because they no longer has the Matrix of Leadership? Whats going on?
Also, when are you going to put female Autobots in the comic? I know Arcee is in the movie comic book, but that's not enough for us girl fans. So if you're ever going to do it, do it now!
Barbara Walker
Nazareth, PA
As you might have gathered from recent issues, Optimus Prime is going through a tough time at the moment, and even the mighty Autobot leader has feelings and emotions. He's lost the Creation Matrix, and one of their best friends…and believe us, this is just the start of their problems! Before it gets any better for Optimus Prime, it's gonna get a whole lot worse! Didn't we finally sort out that there were no male or female characters—just Transformers (most of whom seem to be modeled on the male of the species)? Oh well, if we didn't before, we have now. Okay?
Dear Transmissions,
TRANSFORMERS #57 was totally awesome! I'm sure that Megatron's master plan is going to be very successful! Imagine: using your worst enemy, Starscream (the most traitorous, evil villain that ever existed– he's my favorite, by the way) to destroy your other enemies is pure genius. The main reason that i'm writing this letter is to ask you why everyone is so down on Grimlock? According to their tech specs, they have an intelligence raking of 7, which would indicate that their intelligence is above average. This means he's a whole lot smarter than a lot of other Autobots, so please keep this in mind when you use the new Pretender Grimlock. Like someone once said, “may your luster never dull, and your wires never cross!”
David Buzzell
North Bend, WA
And the same to you David (whatever it means!). We think your appraisal of Grimlock's intelligence is right on the money. Grimlock is intelligenct, they just chooses not to show it (we also suspect their speech circuits might well be fairly basic). Friend and foe alike tend to underestimate Grimlock because of this, giving them a considerable edge. We'll be taking a close look at Girmlock (and the other Dinobots!) in an upcoming issue.
Dear Transmissions,
For a long time I've felt that the Transformers series was somewhat disappointing, while at the same time being full of potential. In the last few issues I've perceived crucial changes that lead me to believe you're finally tapping that elusive potential. And best yet, it's leading somewhere! Megatron's revival, although not captivating for me, was an essential step in your progression. And now that Megatron's revival, although not captivating for me, was an essential step in your progression. And now that Megatron's overseeing the restoration of Starscream–this is almost too much! Optimus Prime unleashed? Never! Really? I'd love to see Prime kick Megaton into the next time zone.
One Suggestion: I'm sure a lot of Transformers fans would like to contact others, including me. So why don't you devote a page each issue to addresses of TF fans who'd like to correspond? Give it a try, eh?
Brendan Crispin
Madison, WI
To be honest, Brendan, the Transformers series has always been “leading somewhere.” As with all continuing sagas, the main story has many smaller tales to tell, not all of which need to be epic or cosmic to be enjoyable. At the moment, the comic is taking a very positive direction to a battle the like of which it's never seen before, but–in the course of getting there-it will take many twists and detours. We hope all readers will enjoy both these detours and the main journey! As for a pen-pals page, we'll let you decide. If we get enough names and address from budding corresponders, w'll print a selection when we've the space. We've printed your full address to start the ball rolling…
Dear Transmissions,
Why is it that TRANSFORMERS doesn't have an annual? Is it that the Transformers are too tough for the Marvel Universe?
Daniell Patton
Big Spring, TX
Dear Transmissions,
I am writing to demand a TRANSFORMERS ANNUAL. I mean, even that no-account, organic, big-nosed alien (namely ALF), has one…and he's had only a fraction of TRANSFORMERS' 57 issues.
Nicholas Gustafson
Oakville, ONT
Do we detect a certain feeling out there that many of you would dearly love to see a TRANSFORMERS Annual next year? All we can say is keep those requests and demands flooding in, and who knows?
Dear Transmissions,
I am sick an dtired of you guys. Fifty eight issues have gone by and still no Rodimus Prime! I know you're going to say the same old thing–“he doesn't come around until the year 2005.” Ooooh! Don't you think we get sick and tired of hearing that? Well, chew on this. Trypticon didn't come around until after the movie (when Rod first appeared) and you had them in issue #25.
The Headmasters and Targetmasters didn't make the scene until after the movie, and we said hello to them in issue #40! If you haven't guessed my question yet, it's–WHERE THE HECK IS RODIMUS PRIME?! You can't say they don't come around until 2005, because all these characters came before him!
Mike Barkhouse
Nova Scotia, BON
Let's clear this up once and for all. Many of you seem to think that the cartoon series and comic continuities are tied up with each other. Not so. The cartoon series is entirely different from the comic in both its sequence of events and representation of characters. The closest in terms of a possible future is the movie, but even then it might not be what eventually happens. Enjoy the cartoon series by all means, but don't think it shows what will happen in the comic. Issue #43 was the only episode that tide in directly with the cartoon series. Rodimus Prime appears in issue #67, but whether you'll enjoy this particular appearance remains to be see!
Dear Transmissions,
I bought TRANSFORMERS #57 and loved it! I read the book so many times i have it memoriezed. Now that MEgatron is back, will they lead the decepticons again? Even though they are power-hungry, i still think he'd make a better leader than Scorponok. Another thing. My friend told me to tell you to get rid of Circuit Breaker, because they interfere too much with the Autobot/Decepticon war. Please have someone destroy her!
Ted Bucci
Y., Ohio
With the introduction of Thunderwing and a certain future Decepticon leader, it may be that there'll be quite a bit of competition for the Decpticon leadership (and let's not rule out a few ex-Decepticon leaders who may or may not be dead from this equation) in issues to come. Who will rule? That is a question whose answer will have dire consequences for both the Decepticons…and the Autobots! Poor old Circuit Breaker. We're happy to say that not everyone agrees with you there!
Dear Transmissions,
I would like a Transformers cross-time saga, with Circuit Breaker starring! A ten-part series would do! Nuff Said.
Wesley Holland
Los Angeles, CA
Sheesh! Would you settle just for the return of Circuit Breaker?
My Thoughts On This Issue
Lets work our way back words. The issue ends with the Triggerbots taking the lives of the Hud Family. Even as the reader understands it was more or less a them-or-us situation, it's still come off to me as very extreme and at the moment I don't think I like it. Making the Autobots killers? I guess this brings to light the fact that war is messy and people die.
I want to point out that this issue marks the return of Jose Delbo and If I'm not mistaken, I would say their art has improved since we saw their work last.
The new or updated Decepticon logo doesn't show it's self in this issue. Not sure why it's on the cover and if anyone knows for sure, I would love to find out.
Thunderwings four barrel guns on the cover also isn't seen in this issue.
It's a solid story. A little bit of a bummer regarding the ending. Thought, I guess it helps make it more real. I wonder if the remaining issues of this Matrix Quest will be more real also.
Let me know what you all thought of this book.
Ads This Issue
During a 2012 election debate with Republican nominee Mitt Romney, President Barack Obama laughed at the idea Russia posed any threat to the United States.
“Governor Romney, I'm glad that you recognize Al Qaeda as a threat because a few months ago, when you were asked what's the biggest geo-political threat facing America, you said Russia.” (VIDEO: Obama Pledges ‘More Flexibility' To Putin After The 2012 Election)
WATCH:
“Not Al Qaeda, you said Russia,” Obama continued. “The 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back because you know, the Cold War has been over for 20 years.”
“When it comes to our foreign policy, you seem to want to import the policies of the 1980s, just like the social policies of the 1950s and the economic policies of the 1920s.”
Mitt pegged Russia as our “number one political foe.” Russian President responded: “We are in 2012…not the mid-1970s.” http://t.co/k9QNFTMo — The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) March 27, 2012
Fast-forward four years to December 29, 2016, and Obama was singing a slightly different tune. (RELATED: Obama Signs Exec. Order Raising Sanctions Against Russia For Election Hacks)
WATCH:
Follow Datoc on Twitter and Facebook
Things to do with Kids in Kitchener-Waterloo — April 14–17
Playticipate Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 12, 2017
It's a four-day weekend for the kids and we've found all sorts of fun Easter-themed activities for you to check out! As always, not everything is highlighted here on our blog, so for more activities head to the website to see the full schedule of events.
Easter Egg Hunts
The Easter Bunny will be busy this weekend hiding eggs all over Kitchener-Waterloo! In addition to the ones here, many neighbourhood and community associations run Easter Egg Hunts, so check with your neighbours to find out more!
Click the links to get specific details on each hunt!
Easter-themed Activities
Monday Day Camp
Your kids can also sign up for a full day of fun on Monday, April 17 in one of these programs:
Don't miss out on the rest of the activities this weekend — check out Playticipate to see all the daily happenings on the Events and Drop-in page!
You can stay informed about the best family activities in KW by signing up for our newsletter, and following us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram!
Path to glory
Born March 1
Spent their early years working on Jhum fields.
Was awarded the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna.
Dinosaur fossils REUTERS/INAH/Handout via Reuters Paris (AFP) - Scientists said Tuesday they have discovered what appear to be red blood cells and collagen fibres in dinosaur bones, a find that may boost prospects of prising organic remains from a much wider range of fossils.
Using molecular microscopy, a British team analysed eight bone fragments from dinosaurs that lived some 75 million years ago, in the Cretaceous period.
The fossils were so poorly conserved that it was impossible to tell precisely what type of animal some of them came from, study co-author Sergio Bertazzo from Imperial College London told AFP.
The samples included the claw of a meat-eating dinosaur, a few toe bones from a ceratopsid (a group that included the horned Triceratops) and a duck-billed hadrosaur, and rib fragments from an unknown species.
All the bones are from the Dinosaur Park Formation in Alberta, Canada, and have been in the Natural History Museum in London since they were collected about 100 years ago.
"What we found are structures that could be original red blood cells from the dinosaur specimens and also other structures that could be the original collagen fibres," Bertazzo said by email.
"Therefore we indicate that the likelihood of finding organic material in fossils is much higher than previously thought, at least at the microscopic scale," said Bertazzo.Other researchers have previously found remnants of organic material in dinosaur bones, but in exceptionally well-preserved fossils — which are few and far between.
It had long been thought that protein molecules cannot survive for longer than four million years.
Bertazzo and a team used a special microscope which uses a beam of heavy atoms to make infinitely small cuts in a sample at the nanometric scale (a nanometre is a billionth of a metre).
"The same microscope also has a robotic arm with a micro needle that can be used to pick up and move things inside the microscope," explained Bertazzo.
"So, combining the beam and the needle, we could cut small bits of the fossils and perform an analysis to check for any fragment of amino acids."
The team had set out to analyse gaps left in bone by decomposed organic material, instead finding structures that appear to be red blood cells, and fibres similar to collagen, a protein which makes up the bulk of connective tissues in animals.
Undated picture released by the journal Nature on June 5, 2015 shows density-dependent colour scanning electron micrographs of samples extracted from ribs of an indeterminate dinosaur, displaying mineralized fibres © Nature/AFP/File Sergio Bertazzo
Blown away
"Totally blown away!" is how Bertazzo described the team's breakthrough, while cautioning that further evidence is needed to confirm the nature of the structures.
"This was absolutely not what we were expecting to find at all. It actually took quite a while for us to be convinced of what we saw."
The team compared their ancient soft tissue to an Emu blood sample, and intriguingly found "similarities."
Dinosaurs are distant ancestors of modern-day birds, and scientists are hoping this type of research will reveal how, and when, a cold-blooded lizard gave rise to warm-blooded birds with a fast metabolism.
In vertebrate animals, the smaller the blood cell, the higher the metabolic rate, said Bertazzo.
"If we can find blood cells in lots of different dinosaurs, the range in size might provide an independent line of evidence for when dinosaurs became warm-blooded," they said.
The main breakthrough of the research is to show that this type of soft tissue preservation is likely much more common than once thought, and Bertazzo said they "cannot even begin to speculate about what can be found in future."
As for the possibility of one day discovering DNA, however, "many more studies should be done before we are even able to say if it is possible or not."
Microsoft has been slowly adding more and more customization options to Windows 8 throughout its major milestone previews, but the final Release to Manufacturing (RTM) build will include 20 Start Screen patterns. Originally introduced in the Consumer Preview build of Windows 8, Start Screen patterns provide a wallpaper-like effect for the new Windows 8 Metro Start Screen. Win8china has provided details of the final patterns for Windows 8 RTM, revealing that there's now 20 options to choose from.
Although it's hard to make out every pattern from the leaked screenshot, some appear to be a lot more complex than the five existing patterns that have shipped in the Preview copies of Windows 8 — suggesting that the customization options will radically change the look of the Start Screen for some. Win8china also posted a new lock screen image today, which includes a render of Seattle's space needle. Microsoft is expected to announce the Release to Manufacturing (RTM) of Windows 8 this week, a process that means the new operating system is complete and OEMs can start to ready new PCs for the launch on October 26th.
Thanks, TJBottrill!
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Communities along the River Thames have been badly hit by flooding and have 14 severe flood warnings in place
Climate change is "clearly a factor" in the period of stormy weather the UK has been experiencing, the defence secretary has said.
Philip Hammond told the Andrew Marr Show the storms and flooding had caused "quite serious damage" to the country's infrastructure.
Earlier, Labour leader Ed Miliband said global climate change was an issue of national security for Britain.
Their comments come as more flooding is expected in many parts of the country.
Despite a let-up in the stormy weather, there are 14 severe flood warnings - indicating a "danger to life" - for south-east England close to the River Thames and two for the Somerset Levels, which have experienced weeks of flooding.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Miliband: "There can be no more fundamental security than people's lives"
As well as the impact to the transport network, about one million properties had their power cut off in the last week and thousands in southern England and Wales are still without power, according to the Energy Networks Association.
'Science is clear'
Some Conservative MPs and peers have challenged the argument that the recent storms were connected to global temperature changes.
At the scene If you had to quickly leave the house at dawn as floodwaters rose would you remember everything you need? Bedding? Baby supplies? How about contacting the local authority? Flooding has no respect for the 9 to 5. A rest centre at Bridgwater has been a first port of call for people who have made the decision to leave their homes on the Somerset Levels. Here, donated food and blankets are piled up. Volunteers offer advice and support. As the crisis continues, the services on offer at Westfield Church are evolving. You can do your washing and cook a meal here. It may be a home from home but it's not the real thing and the question now is how long will it take before people can return. One charity fears it could be months before properties are dried out and repaired. For this one church the doors could be open a lot longer than this day of worship.
Former chancellor Lord Lawson, who is among the most prominent climate change sceptics, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Thursday it was "not the case" that the storms were due to global warming.
However, Mr Miliband said: "What we've learnt from what's happened over the last few weeks, tragically, is that the costs of not acting on climate change in terms of the billions of pounds that are lost in terms of businesses and families as well as the human costs are greater than the costs of acting."
They added: "Climate change will mean more floods and more storms and that's why we've got to treat it like any other national security issue and that means uniting as a country behind a national effort to do more to defend against the floods, to invest in clean energy and to show leadership internationally to persuade other countries to be part of the fight against climate change."
Earlier, they told the Observer that "because of political division in Westminster we are sleepwalking into a national security crisis on climate change".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Homes along the River Thames have been flooded, with victims having to pump water away from their properties
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Committee for Climate Change says extra government money would not address a long-term flood risk
Mr Hammond said climate change is "clearly happening".
"It is clearly a factor in the weather patterns that we are seeing", they said
"That's why we are investing significant amounts of money in increasing our flood resilience in the UK."
They said although the floods were "a terrible tragedy" for those affected, "hundreds of thousands of properties" had been protected from flooding "by the investment we've made over recent years".
A spokesperson for the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC) said Britain had adopted some of the most "ambitious climate change targets in the world" to reduce greenhouse gases by 50% by 2030.
The government will spend £2.4 billion on flood management and protection from coastal erosion over four years, which is "more than ever before", the spokesperson said.
Liberal Democrat energy secretary Ed Davey also challenged Mr Miliband to "stop threatening to choke the renewables industry with their price freeze".
'No definitive answer'
It comes as the US Secretary of State John Kerry has urged the global community to act against climate change, saying "the window of time" is closing to prevent the worst consequences.
Their comments coincide with the release of new research, which suggests the main system that helps determine the weather over northern Europe and North America may be changing.
The study, presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Chicago, showed the so-called jet stream through the upper atmosphere had increasingly taken a longer, meandering path resulting in weather remaining the same for more prolonged periods.
Last week, the Met Office's chief scientist, Dame Julia Slingo, said there was "no definitive answer" as to what had caused the period of stormy weather in the UK but that "all the evidence suggests there is a link to climate change".
The independent Committee for Climate Change - which advises the government on emissions targets and climate change - has also said a greater priority should be given to flood defence and protection.
The committee itself said that while an extra £130m pledged by the government would bring some comfort to flooded communities, it would not address the rising long-term flood risk.
In its latest blog, the committee said the new money would primarily be spent on repairing and reinstating defences that had been damaged in the recent storms, and so help recover existing levels of protection.
Note: the Scottish Environment Protection Agency display their flood alert data differently to the Environment Agency and Natural Resources Wales. While the Environment Agency and Natural Resources Wales highlights individual rivers only, in Scotland the entire region is coloured to indicate the level of alert. This map and flood alert data are supplied to the BBC by third parties. The BBC is not responsible for its accuracy and you use it at your own risk.
Here is an interesting tweet from the Labour party the day before the referendum:
In fact, in the last weeks of the campaign this was one of the key things we heard from Brown, Darling, Lamont, Reid. Miliband, Curran, Murphy and Findlay.
If you look at their speeches around this time they all seem to be saying a similar thing.
They would emphasize the independence of the Scottish NHS and that only the Scottish Government could choose to reduce the Scottish NHS budget. And they would mention how we are stronger pooling and sharing resources as the UK has a bigger, more diverse economy.
Fair play, but the Scottish NHS, although independent, does not exist in a vacuum.
The Scottish Government is funded by a block grant which is affected by spending on services in England. If they spend less on the NHS down south then the block grant will be reduced. If the NHS budget was reduced in England then the Scottish Government would have to either raise taxes or divert spending from other already hard pressed areas to keep the same level of service.
The pre referendum argument by the Con/Lab Better together alliance was perfectly legitimate. In fact, due to the inefficiencies of privatisation down south so far, the Scottish block grant has not suffered to a great degree. Private companies are slowly taking over down south but because they aren't actually saving money the Scottish NHS has been more or less protected. The main beneficiaries of privatisation so far are the many MP's who are on the boards of private health firms.
However, contrast the pre referendum line to the Labour General election poster above. Especially the middle line.
“Spending back to the levels of the 1930's when there was no NHS.”
It is worth repeating that the Scottish block grant is affected by spending levels on the NHS in England.
So, the main issue that Labour is going to fight the next general election on down south is completely contradictory to what they were saying during the referendum campaign. Both statements can't be correct.
Now, I understand that UK finances are in a precarious situation and that an Independent Scotland would have inherited a similar debt and deficit situation. I also understand that due to many factors such as an ageing population the NHS is in crisis and drastic measures are required to fix the problems.
However, it is fair to ask – can a political party that can slip so easily from saying one thing to saying another, produce the radical solutions needed in order to solve the issues we face?
Labour is a party who create policy, not by conviction, but by public relations. Four months ago the strategists were telling them to say the NHS is safe and they did. Now they are telling them to say it is in peril and without any hint of embarrassment they proceed to do so. They will say whatever they think gives them the best chance of winning. In a few short weeks they have adopted the point of view of those they were decrying as scaremongering separatists pre referendum.
Here is a pre referendum quote from Neil Findlay:
“After that debate, yes were clearly in trouble as Salmond's performance was very poor. They obviously regrouped in a bunker, said ‘what can we do now?', looked at focus group research showing how important people feel the health service is and identified the NHS as being their last throw of the dice. The NHS had never been an issue in the campaign but suddenly it became the biggest issue. Forgive me for being extremely cynical about that tactic, which is the biggest lie of the campaign.”
It seems Labour are now using the same focus group. The problem is, unlike the SNP, they were saying everything was fine a few months earlier.
Yesterday, Jim Murphy was reaching out to 200,000 Labour Yes voters telling them:
“Now they can decide whether to vote Labour to get rid of the Tories or to vote SNP and keep the status quo.”
Let's ignore the fact that voting Labour to get rid of the Status Quo could only make sense if they had a manifesto policy to ban Boogie Rock. And lets also ignore that fact that choosing between Labour and the Conservatives is basically selecting which colour of Neo Liberal you prefer.
A more pressing question should be – are you prepared to vote again for a party that is willing to say completely contradictory things, in such a short space of time, on subjects as important as the future of the NHS? I voted Labour in 1997 for the first and last time. I quickly realised that they were a spin driven party who had lost their convictions.
So I urge those Labour Yesers, the ones who were recently being defiled by Labour as Vile Cybernats following a virus, the ones who were likened to Nazis – compare the pre- and post-referendum positions of Labour on the NHS. You may have fallen for their spin in the past but please don't fall for it again.
Please comment below and enter an email address to receive notifications of new articles. Also, if you enjoy our content you can find out how you can help support the site by clicking here.
Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) — Gov. Bruce Rauner has announced that the Anti-Defamation League will develop a program with the Illinois State Police to train police officers in identifying and investigating hate crimes.
Rauner told reporters in Chicago on Monday that the plan is the fourth part of a program they laid out two weeks ago to battle crimes against people because of race, religion or national origin.
Jessica Gall is associate regional director of the Anti-Defamation League. They say hate crimes have a devastating impact on communities. Helping emergency officials understand and respond to them will strengthen police ties in the community.
The Illinois Department of Human Rights will also work on the effort. Acting Director Janice Glenn says discrimination complaints that staff determine are hate crimes will be referred to police.
Finnish startup Jolla has ambitious goals for its Sailfish mobile operating system to be an alternative to Android — and now it has announced compatibility with the Android ecosystem in terms of apps and, more interestingly, hardware.
Essentially, the Sailfish OS can now run on smartphones and tablets that are produced for Android, which means device vendors that want to use Sailfish do not need to be limited to only Jolla phones. Jolla is also cooperating with app stores across the world to ensure Sailfish users can download Android apps seamlessly.
Although the company has assured users that native apps will continue to be developed — and that dedicated Sailfish apps will get the most from the platform — some have noted how Android compatibility could make developers less inclined to go native.
.@NMShenoy Definitely, native apps are the only way to utilize the Sailfish UI to the full. — Jolla (@JollaHQ) September 16, 2013
Jolla believes that Sailfish's compatibility with the Android ecosystem is not an irony for an operating system that is meant to be an alternative to the current status quo — instead it is tapping on existing products to make it easier for vendors to switch over. Jolla says that this will offer “growth opportunities of significant scale for Sailfish OS globally, especially in China”.
The company's ambitions for China can be seen clearly — as even wildly-popular Chinese messaging service WeChat runs on Sailfish OS.
“We are already in discussions with several major Asian vendors regarding this opportunity,” Jolla CEO Tomi Pienimäki says.
Jolla says it is opening up another pre-order chance for its second production batch later this week via its website, targeted at Finnish customers. Last month, the company said that its first batch of smartphones had been fully booked by customers, some of whom had laid down partial payments to reserve a device — but didn't disclose the number of handsets in the batch.
The company will hope Sailfish doesn't endure a similar fate to the BlackBerry 10 platform, which — though offering support for Android apps — has failed to reverse the struggling Canadian smartphone-maker's continued decline.
Headline image via Jolla
Read next: Amazon's LoveFilm adds watchlists, enhanced recommendations and more to Samsung TV and Blu-ray app
Image caption Cases of recorded deaths from euthanasia on psychological grounds have risen in Belgium
A transsexual has been helped to die by doctors in Belgium, after a series of failed sex-change operations.
Nathan Verhelst, born a girl, asked for help to end their lives on grounds of psychological suffering. They died in a Brussels hospital on Monday.
Two doctors concluded the 44-year-old did not have temporary depression. Their case received scant media coverage.
Belgium legalised euthanasia in 2002. There were 52 cases of euthanasia on psychological grounds last year.
'Rigorous procedure'
"He died in all serenity," doctor Wim Distlemans told the Belgian newspaper, Het Laatste Nieuws.
Nathan Verhelst was born Nancy into a family of three boys. The newspaper, which said it had spoken to them on the eve of their death, reported that they had been rejected by their parents who had wanted another son.
They had three operations to change sex between 2009 and 2012.
"The first time I saw myself in the mirror I felt an aversion for my new body," they were quoted as saying.
The hospital said there was an "extremely rigorous procedure" in place before any patient was put to death. "When we have a case which is... complicated, we ask ourselves more questions in order to be certain about the diagnosis," Dr Jean-Michel Thomas said.
Uncontroversial
The BBC's Matthew Price in Brussels says the number of people opting for euthanasia in Belgium has risen steadily since legalisation. Most candidates are over 60 years old and have cancer.
Voluntary euthanasia for those over 18 is relatively uncontroversial in Belgium. Parliament is now considering expanding the law to under 18s as well.
Patients must be capable of deciding for themselves. They must be conscious and have to give a "voluntary, considered and repeated" request to die.
There were 1,432 recorded cases of euthanasia in Belgium in 2012; a 25% increase on the previous year's figure. They represented 2% of all deaths, the AFP news agency reported.
This is not a recipe. I wrote this as a series of tweets today and readers asked for it as a blog post, so here it is. Our politics may differ, so feel free to skip straight back to the recipes if that's what you're here for.
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT DIANE ABBOTT.
Right one of us political writer people needs to do this and it looks like it's me. Grab a seat. I wanna talk about Diane.
Diane was first elected as an MP in 1987, the year before I was born. They have been dedicated to serving the British public for longer than I have even been alive. Hold that thought. Understand it.
Diane was the first black woman to have a seat in the House of Commons. They MADE HISTORY. Them father was welder, their mother a nurse. How many working class kids do we have in politics these days? None, really.
Diane went to Cambridge University to study history. IN THE SEVENTIES. In 2017 only 15 black kids went to Cambridge.
Diane worked for the Home Office in 1976. They were so smart they put them on a course to fast-track their career.
Diane was Race Relations Officer at the National Council for Civil Liberties from 1978 to 1980.
Diane was a TV researcher and reporter from 1978 to 1985. I know a lot of those. They're fast thinkers, avid fact hounds, brilliant minds.
Diane's political career began in 1982, on Westminster City Council. Then in 1987, I'll say it again, they became the first black female MP.
In 2008, their speech on civil liberties in the counterterrorism debate won Parliamentary Speech Of The Year in the Spectator awards.
That speech is here. Watch it, and then come back. https://t.co/qNMvtilMa1
They founded the Black Child initiative, to raise educational achievements among black kids. They shared their platform.
She's been the Shadow Minister for Public health, working tirelessly to tackle Tory cuts to children's services, maternity care, all of it.
In September 2011, the Telegraph called them ‘one of Labours the best frontbench performers'. The same Telegraph now monsters them for clicks.
Diane was one of 16 MPs to write to Miliband in 2015 asking them to commit to opposing further austerity measures. They did that for all of us. Diane was one of a tiny handful of MPs to defy the Labour whip and vote AGAINST Tory austerity cuts. Those cuts are KILLING people.
Diane has consistently voted against a reduction in spending on benefits. They have consistently voted for and campaigned for higher benefits over longer periods for people unable to work due to illness/disability.
In March they raised the issue of cuts to domestic violence services, in the House of Commons: “women and children are turned away daily”.
Diane has campaigned to help unaccompanied migrant children travelling from Greece and Italy.
Diane is a skilled orator, a quick thinker, a glorious debater, a genuine public servant and a thoroughly decent woman.
These are some of the highlights I have found in Hansard, the official record of the Houses of Parliament:
On 31st Jan 2017 – Diane was demanding to know why ESOL funding was being cut while the immigration debate focused on the importance of integration…
They have spoken on Leveson, terrorism, education, poverty, welfare, illness, disability, refugees, child sexual abuse, pro-choice abortion. Them campaigns include legal aid, civil liberties, fighting crime, sickle cell thallasemia, public transport, improving education. They have given speeches at Harvard University, for goodness sake. Have you? They have travelled to Kenya, China, Uganda, all over the world, representing the Government. Representing Britain. HAVE YOU?
And how, how has this brilliant, bright, dedicated, little black girl been thanked for 30 years of daily service to our country?
Like this. This is how you repay them They get this EVERY. SINGLE. DAY. FOR. THIRTY. YEARS.
Now most of us cannot imagine what that level of abuse must be like as a one-off, let alone every single day. Let me help you with that.
I've been in the public eye for the last 5 years. I get abuse every single day too, but I'd imagine it's not a tenth of what Diane gets. But let me tell you about it, and you can multiply it by ten to get some idea. Not much of an idea, as it's not happening to you, but try.
Online abuse has made me suicidal more than once. I have taken the pills. I have stood on the train bridge. I have been driven insane. I have had periods where I have been unable to work because I am such a wreck from sustained hatred and vitriol. I have lost work. I have been literally driven insane by hatred from strangers. It interrupts, it diverts, it permeates, it seeps in, you're bullying horrors. It's there when you're reading bedtime stories to your kids. It strangles you in your sleep. It follows you in your hand, in your head. It slowly destroys you from the inside, a rot starts to set in. You become scared to say anything, scared to be anyone. You hide. You cry.
Imagine 30 years of getting up every day and putting your suit on and going back to work to make life better for your abusers despite them.
Imagine being tough enough to withstand people hurling metaphorical rocks at you every day and to still work to improve their lives.
Imagine the dedication required to give 30 years in service to people who regularly tell you to die.
Diane Abbott is tougher than any one of you sitting here making your lame memes from behind anonymous screens.  They are a titan. A pioneer.
Diane Abbott is here for women, children, food bank users, nurses, students, mothers, disabled people, refugees, every single one of us.
Diane is one of the very best members of Parliament you could EVER hope to have to stand up for you, and you have her, & you better hold them Because if the Tories get back in tomorrow my god we are going to need Diane more than ever to stand up to their callous, brutal austerity.
If we have five more years of cuts and cruelty, we need five more years of one of its strongest opponents to face it down. We need Diane.
And so tomorrow, Stoke Newington & Hackney, go out and vote for the Diane Abbott who has worked for you for 30 years. Without hesitation.
And as someone who has also done a lot of telly, we all muck up on breakfast sofas. It's a horrible situation but unless you've been there, unless you've tried to answer three different questions in 15 seconds to 2 million people with 6 cameras in your face before a cup of tea, you can sit down, shut up, and stop criticising people whose jobs and lives you really know bugger all about.
I'll end this by saying – this took a few minutes of research through news archives, Wikipedia, Hansard and TheyWorkForYou. Not tabloids. Them achievements and voting record are extremely simple to find. They're handily above. Maybe read those, not the front pages of the Mail.
I conclude by wishing Diane some well-earned rest, and all the success tomorrow. Thankyou for all you do, for all of us, every single day.
With love, as a mother, a disabled person, a former food bank user,
Jack Monroe.
This site is free to those who need it, and always will be, but it does of course incur costs to run and keep it running. If you use it and benefit, enjoy it, and would like to keep it going, please consider popping something in the tip jar, and thankyou.
All text copyright Jack Monroe. You can follow me on;
Twitter @BootstrapCook
Instagram @mxjackmonroe
Facebook BootstrapCook
‘Cooking On A Bootstrap' is available here.
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved
Shaun Towne; Reporting by Jared Pliner - PAWTUCKET, R.I. (WPRI) -- One of three suspects arrested following a standoff with police in Pawtucket went before a judge Thursday morning.
Alton Oliveira was arraigned on seven charges related to violent incidents in Central Falls and Pawtucket.
Police said it all started on Wednesday with a fight between Oliveira and their ex-girlfriend at a home on Samoset Avenue in Central Falls.
"Pulled out a gun and hit them in the back of the head with the gun, causing a large laceration to the back of their head," a prosecutor read aloud in court. "He then hit them in the face with that same gun, causing bruising to their face. As they were getting woozy from those strikes to their head, they grabbed them by the throat and began to choke them them until they passed out on the floor."
A few hours later, Oliveira returned with a U-Haul truck and other people to get their belongings, according to police. That's when another fight broke out between Oliveira and their ex-girlfriend's mother, Pamela Lopez.
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Pamela Lopez (Photo: Central Falls Police)
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Pamela Lopez (Photo: Central Falls Police)
Prosecutors said they "pulled a gun out, what they described as an Uzi, and put it in their face and said, 'I'm going to kill you now.' At that point, they fired the gun on the ground, striking them in both ankles."
According to Central Falls police, Lopez then brandished their own firearm and returned fire at Oliveira as they drove off in the truck.
A neighbor said a young child on a bicycle was nearby during the exchange - and was so close, that shell casings hit the child's bike.
Police said Lopez, their daughter, and a family friend who was also shot during the altercation were treated for non-life-threatening wounds at Miriam Hospital.
Pawtucket police said Oliveira fled to their city, where there was a "road rage" incident on Japonica Street. The victims told the responding officers that occupants of the U-Haul truck cut in front of their vehicle then pointed firearms at them and fired several rounds. The vehicle was struck several times, but police said no one was injured.
Police then learned that several males had fled the truck and entered a residence on Park Street. After establishing a perimeter around the home, police said they made several attempts to get the suspects to exit peacefully, but they did not comply.
Despite attempts by the suspects to barricade the door, the officers were able to gain entry to the first-floor apartment and found three suspects hiding inside. Oliveira was taken into custody along with Jeremy Alves and Robert Baptista.
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Alton Oliveira, Robert Baptista, and Jeremy Alves (Photos: Pawtucket PD)
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Alton Oliveira, Robert Baptista, and Jeremy Alves (Photos: Pawtucket PD)
Police said they seized four firearms, ammunition, and a small quantity of narcotics from the home.
No officers were injured in the incident, however police said one of the suspects was bitten by a police K9.
Oliveira, 22, was charged with domestic assault with a deadly weapon, assault by strangulation, domestic disorderly conduct, assault with a deadly weapon, carrying a firearm without a license, firing in a compact area, disorderly conduct. Police said more charges are pending.
They were held on $75,000 surety bail on Thursday. He's due back in court Sept. 28.
Alves, 21, and Baptista, 21, both of Pawtucket, were charged with felony assault and firing in a compact area. Police said additional charges against the pair are possible.
Lopez, 53, was charged with assault with a deadly weapon, firing in a compact area, and possessing a firearm without a license. They were arraigned and granted $25,000 surety bail.
Police said all three incidents remain under investigation.
Much of the public discussion about digital assets today revolves around price. Companies hope for a pop on an initial offering to raise funds, investors seek to ride an asset for a long-term payday, or consumers try to time market moves for a quick buck. But while this emphasis on price may be appropriate for most assets, it does a disservice to XRP.
The ultimate merit of XRP lies not necessarily in its price, but in its institutional value and use cases. XRP is the only digital asset custom-built for enterprises to facilitate the transfer of value. This aligns with Ripple's vision to create a global Internet of Value, by acting as a reliable, on-demand option to source liquidity and send cross-border payments.
Ordinarily, a company managing a cross-border payment would send money through traditional accounts that take three to five days to settle. Alternatively, a company can speed up this transaction by pre-funding nostro accounts in the recipient's country to cover the amounts being transferred. This ties up valuable capital that could be used elsewhere and incurs foreign exchange fees regardless.
XRP is best suited as a liquidity tool
Through Ripple, these same enterprise customers gain access to real-time global payments across 27 countries with end-to-end tracking and certainty. But by using XRP within those transactions, they can earn even greater benefits. XRP enables these companies to source liquidity on demand in real time without having to pay transaction fees or pre-fund nostro accounts.
This is achieved because XRP serves as a bridge currency between fiat currencies, avoiding the time and cost of pre-funding accounts or managing fiat-to-fiat exchanges. Through XRP, banks, payment providers and businesses can supercharge their cross-border payments to expand into new markets, increase payment volume, lower foreign exchange costs, and provide faster settlement times for their customers.
How is this possible? Over a five-year track record, XRP has been proven fast, scalable and stable.
Fast
XRP enables fully settled payments in four seconds. That compares to traditional payment systems that can take three to five days, and even leaves other popular digital assets like Ether (two or more minutes) and Bitcoin (one or more hours) in the dust.
Scalable
XRP can handle 1,500 transactions per second: 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 52 weeks a year. This is 100 times more transactions per second than Ether and more than 250 greater than Bitcoin. XRP can also scale to handle the same transaction throughput as Visa.
Stable
Ripple was established in 2012 and has closed every subsequent ledger over the intervening five years – more than 34 million transactions – successfully without issue. And all of this is done with negligible energy consumption.
What does this mean for the ultimate value of XRP? That it is a long-term play measured not by short-term jumps in price, but rather by the use and enterprise adoption of XRP.
Today, more than 100 customers and over 75 commercial deployments are part of Ripple's growing global network. From American Express to Standard Chartered, the use cases continue to expand, and with them, the ultimate potential for XRP.
UPDATED: The Marvel and Disney tentpole will play in more than 4,080 theaters, the widest August release in history; "It's much more of a space opera than a superhero movie," says director James Gunn.
Gunning for one of the top August openings of all time in North America, Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to open to at least $65 million this weekend, a strong start for Marvel Studios' new franchise.
Some believe director James Gunn's Guardians has a shot at approaching, or crossing, $70 million, although no one is placing any bets considering the steep downturn overall at the summer box office. If it does, it would eclipse the $69.2 million domestic debut of record-holder The Bourne Ultimatum on the same weekend in 2007. The No. 2 August title is Rush Hour 2, which opened to $67.4 million in 2001.
PHOTOS Titans of Comic-Con
The 3D tentpole is opening in a raft of international markets this weekend as well, including the U.K., Russia, Mexico and Brazil. It has been tentatively approved to play in China, but no date has been set.
The weekend's other new wide offering is James Brown biopic Get On Up, from The Help director Tate Taylor and starring Chadwick Boseman as the legendary godfather of soul. Brian Grazer's Imagine Entertainment produced the $30 million film with Mick Jagger. Universal is handling the release of Get On Up, which is expected to open in the low teens.
Guardians should help stem the decline at the North American box office, where summer revenue is down more than 20 percent, one of the steepest dips ever recorded. The critically acclaimed tentpole will unspool in more than 4,080 theaters, the widest August release ever (G.I. Joe: The Rise of the Cobra played on 4,007).
Get On Up will roll out in 2,466 theaters and is likewise drawing glowing notices.
Guardians, starring a rag-tag group of unlikely galactic heroes, is the first in-house title from Marvel that isn't part of the Avengers universe and stars Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Dave Bautista, Lee Pace and Bradley Cooper, who voices the role of Rocket the raccoon. Vin Diesel, Djimon Hounsou, John C. Reilly, Glenn Close and Benicio del Toro also star.
PHOTOS 35 of 2014's Most Anticipated Movies
The film's tone is much different than the Avengers franchise, and is laced with humor. "It's much more of a space opera than a superhero movie," Gunn said in a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter.
Hype around the movie has been so high that Marvel and Disney have already announced plans for a July 28, 2017, sequel, with Gunn returning to direct.
Guardians aren't a cheap proposition and cost $170 million to produce.
Palestinian Authority security forces on Tuesday arrested six members of an Islamic Jihad cell in the West Bank caught transporting explosives intended to be used in attacks on IDF soldiers.
According Palestinian sources, PA forces found an improvised explosive device, several grenades and firearms inside an emptied gas tank being transported by the group, which was based in the northern West Bank town of Tubas, Israel Radio reported.
PA forces have carried out several major arrests of Hamas and Islamic Jihad operatives in recent weeks in what is said to be an effort by PA President Mahmoud Abbas to curb the wave of Palestinian terror attacks and almost-daily clashes between IDF soldiers and rioters.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Unnamed Palestinian sources told Channel 10 that Abbas instructed the security forces to crack down on Hamas activities in the West Bank, including preventing attacks and encouraging violence, before setting out for Paris earlier this week.
Earlier on Tuesday a Palestinian woman was shot attempting to stab an IDF officer near a West Bank checkpoint, hours after Israeli troops killed a knife-wielding Palestinian man who approached a bus stop south of Jerusalem.
Last week, Israeli and Palestinian sources told the Times of Israel that the PA has thwarted dozens of planned stabbing attacks on Israelis by young Palestinian men and women in recent months.
The Palestinian sources claimed more than 100 attacks have been foiled by the PA security apparatus since October 1. If true, the claim means that the number of attacks on Israelis, of which there have been fewer than 100 to date, would have been more than doubled.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other top Israeli officials have repeatedly accused Abbas of fanning tensions and encouraging violence and terrorism. In Paris on Monday, Netanyahu shook hands with Abbas for the first time in five years, but later that day told Israeli reporters Abbas was inciting terrorism and that the handshake did not signal a rapprochement.
On Monday, the PA instructed its broadcasting authority to indefinitely suspend Hamas's Al-Aqsa TV programming in the West Bank.
Israeli watchdog groups have long-claimed Al-Aqsa TV promotes terrorist activity, teaches anti-Semitism and incites hatred of Israelis, especially in its programming for children.
Avi Issacharoff contributed to this report.
German public policy group Heinrich Böell Foundation and Friends of the Earth have just released their annual publication Meat Atlas, which illustrates food trends around the world.
The booklet informs consumers about meat production in different countries based on data from world organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), World Health Organization (WHO), and Gallup data, just to name a few.
"In the rich North we already have high meat consumption. Now the poor South is catching up," Barbara Unmuessig, the foundation's president, told BBC. "Catering for this growing demand means industrialized farming methods: Animals are pumped full of growth hormones. This has terrible consequences on how animals are treated and on the health of consumers."
The following charts (republished under a Creative Commons license) give a sense of how people consume meat around the world.
This chart shows meat production around the world. Though the USA and Europe still produce plenty of meat products, the prices of feed, energy, and land are all becoming more expensive and the cost of producing industrial livestock is rising. Pigs and poultry are still doing well in the market since both species don't necessarily need a lot of feed and can be kept in confined spaces.
Heinrich Böell Foundation Meat companies are growing thanks to mergers and acquisitions, and are expanding across countries and animal species. Today, there are ten major meat producers around the globe, four of which are based in the U.S.: Cargill ($33 billion in food sales a year), Tyson ($33 billion in food sales a year), Smithfield ($13 billion in food sales a year), and Hormel Foods ($8 billion in food sales a year).
Heinrich Böell Foundation The global demand for meat is growing, particularly in China and India, which could see an 80% boom in the meat sector by 2022 due to a new (and growing) middle class. Africans are also starting to eat more meat, though the supply and demand are still not quite what they are in other parts of the world.
Heinrich Böell Foundation Meat production and consumption in the industrialized world have radically increased since 1950. Overall, however, meat consumption has stagnated. In the U.S. there has been a 9% drop in consumption from 2007 to 2012 thanks to trendy low-meat diets and growing concern from customers over where meat comes from. It could also be due to recent meat scandals, including horse meat marketed as beef.
Heinrich Böell Foundation Poultry is the fastest growing segment of globalized livestock. By 2020, China's poultry production will increase 37%, Brazil's will increase 28%, and U.S. production will increase 16% due to growing consumption around the globe. In India, poultry consumption is expected to rise nearly tenfold to just below 10 million tons a year in 2050.
Heinrich Böell Foundation One reason poultry is so popular is the price. Producing poultry is cheaper than other types of meat because chickens are more efficient to feed than other livestock ,and there are few religious or cultural limitations to eating chicken. In 2011, an estimated 58 TRILLION chickens were slaughtered around the world — that's compared to roughly 1.4 trillion pigs and 300 million cattle.
Heinrich Böell Foundation Only a small percentage of the population in the U.S. and Europe describe themselves as vegetarians or vegans. It's much more popular in India since Buddhism and Hinduism share beliefs about rebirth and the importance nonviolence that leads people to reject the consumption of meat due to the slaughter of animals.
Heinrich Böell Foundation And even though it's not as popular as meat consumption, people are becoming more interested in vegetarianism and veganism as lifestyle choices.
Heinrich Böell Foundation There could also be a shift in the future from animal protein to protein from aquatic plants or insects, as a recent United Nations report suggests. Insects are particularly efficient and high in protein.
by Ken B.
Here is a movie that is so unbelievably bland that it almost seems offended by the idea that anyone would try to formulate an opinion on it in either direction. It is called The Divergent Series: Insurgent, and that prefix shows you its place as a medial point in the Divergent franchise. The first film came out last year. I reviewed it, and suffice it to say I didn't like it. I don't like this one either. Like its predecessor, it takes place in an odd universe, a city-state with exceedingly complex social structuring and authoritarianism yet fails astonishingly at attempting to explain why we should believe for a second that anything so bamboozling and ridiculous could ever exist. This is the setup of the whole storyline, and you're left scratching your head at how any of it happened to begin with. Yet this movie isn't terrible – it's far too clumsy and disjointed to be terrible.
Insurgent follows the crumbling of a police state in the remnants of what was once Chicago, following some sort of cataclysmic war. The populace is walled inside the city, and are divided into one of five sections, based on their skill set. Anyone who qualifies for more than one is considered a “divergent”, and is shunned away socially and oppressed by the government, and under the leadership of Jeanine Matthews (Kate Winslet), hunted down for arrest and likely execution. Tris Prior (Shailene Woodley) is one, and they have been part of a growing uprising to overthrow the state and its destruction of their group. They traverse to find a highly enigmatic object, a sealed box that can only be opened by a full-fledged Divergent, which they are. What information is stored inside? No one knows. I said the box was sealed, weren't you listening to me three seconds ago?
Nearly everything about this movie is ridiculously dull, except for the plot and pacing, which are just plain ridiculous. At 119 minutes, Insurgent is twenty-one minutes shorter than the lumbering and sloppy Divergent, and while that means things are pulled together at a reasonable clip, the storyline still feels slapdash and scattershot. Having not read the source material (the second novel by Veronica Roth), I can't comment on where the inception of this issue is, but if it started in the books, the screenplay doesn't make a very valiant effort to alleviate things. My main problem with the story of these movies so far is that its setting is never made plausible – if everyone is divided into these five specific, segregated factions, who performs work that doesn't fit into any of the above, like custodial labor or construction? Or if things are automated in this futuristic world, who's programming and maintaining the robots? The film doesn't suspend disbelief far enough for us to dismiss these questions, nor does it address them in any way.
Despite this, one of the few things that director Robert Schwentke is able to make universally positive is the visual look and feel of their movie. A large chunk of the second and third acts take place within the context of elaborate and rigorous simulations that Jeanine Matthews places potential Divergents under. They are apocalyptic, demanding extreme environments to test the skill sets of the subject, and often involve large swaths of slow-motion destruction. The effects in the scene are superb. Insurgent's production design – which ranges from dark, dirty slums, to farmland, to metallic, electronic glassy skyscrapers – is fully engrossing. There's usually something to fall back on during a stretch of bad writing, although all but forcing yourself to ignore the inane dialogue and do nothing but stare at the pretty scenery is a definitively unsatisfying way to watch a movie.
Shailene Woodley delivers another solid performance as Tris Prior, as their character muses their intent, and the traits of fear and bravery, although there is just about no chemistry between them and co-star Theo James, which is bad considering that the romantic development of their characters is the crux of a fair degree of subplotting. There's some interesting material to be had when it comes to the evolution of Tris' brother Caleb (Ansel Elgort) and former cause-supporter Peter (Miles Teller) as their allegiances change to The Other Side over the course of the film, but the script never dives into them with any real substance.
There's no nicer way to say it – Insurgent is a mess. The acting and visuals are major benefits, but the writing is atrociously mixed-up, with pacing so off-putting that the film feels like it's going to end three or four times before it does. It's impossible to be invested when the movie is too disorganized to give you a strong reason to. The middle part of a story is where the momentum needs to build to a finale, allowing the final installment (or in the case of this and similar movie franchises, installments) to hit the ground running, but while I'm giving the movie props for not ending on an incomplete cliffhanger, there's also no real draw provided to give anyone any real reason to want to come back for more. This and Divergent form what could be construed as a finished story, where a conflict arises, a solution is strategized, and it is dealt with. There is no compelling reason to watch parts three and four. And you know what? I don't think I will.
Advertisements
Wrigley Field's iconic bleachers are getting a makeover, a massive renovation that will result in a very different look for The Friendly Confines.
What makes Wrigley Field? Our time-honored notions of this will be challenged sometime later this season when the overhaul is finally completed and we are faced with a gigantic high-definition video board looming over the newly constructed left field bleachers. The bricks and ivy, along with the big centerfield scoreboard, will remain.
Today, high atop the manual scoreboard in center sits a nautical-style flag mast, from which flies the flags of the fifteen National League clubs, arranged by division and team order in the standings.
But there was once a time when a fan needed a guide to the flags at Wrigley Field.
The following image dates to 1946, when the Cubs were defending National League champions. The previous year, 1945, witnessed the deployment of two atomic weapons, the end of World War II, and the most recent pennant in Chicago Cubs history.
MORE: The Cubs will win the '15 World Series | Classic photos of Wrigley Field
“The flags of Wrigley Field” takes us back to a bygone era, a time when the National League contained eight, as opposed to fifteen teams.
The NL teams in Boston, Brooklyn, and New York are now in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. The American flag contains forty-eight stars as Alaska and Hawaii were still territories then.
The embodiment of that 1945 NL title is depicted here. It was flown from the right field flagpole in 1946 and was presented to Cubs manager Charlie Grimm by league president Ford Frick prior to the home opener against the Cardinals on April 20, 1946. Frick was quoted as saying “on behalf of the National League, I present you your championship pennant. I'm supposed to be neutral, so I'm not suggesting I hope you win it again. But the next time I hope to present the World Series pennant along with it.” Seventy years later, this still has not happened.
SPECTOR: Five bold predictions for the 2015 Cubs
Note the Cubs official flag, which was chock full of symbolism. Sixteen red stars were included, representing the Cubs' sixteen National League pennants. The two blue stars on either side of the “C” at center represented the Cubs' back-to-back World Series championships of 1907 and 1908.
The flag of the City of Chicago is there as well, itself full of all sorts of symbols. The “W” and “L” flags still make their appearances today, signaling the outcome of games to the surrounding neighborhood and to commuters coming home from work on the elevated train that runs past Wrigley.
Wrigley's bleachers were also renovated in a very big way back in 1937. It was at this time that the Wrigley we know today really took shape. The visual landmarks that set Wrigley apart from all other ballparks truly took root at this time.
Additional flags were scattered throughout the park starting in 1982, when a flag containing the retired number 14 of Ernie Banks was added.
As Cubs fans look forward to what they hope will be a big year in 2015, they also look forward to more flags in their future. It's a safe bet that any guide to them won't match the beauty of this one.
Todd Radom is a contributor on logos, design and visual history for Sporting News.  They are a graphic artist who has been designing logos and uniforms for professional teams for more than 20 years.
In preparation of mUvmethod launching our online content (coming later this summer) and to increase awareness of who we are and what we do, we would like to invite you to join our first of many 21 day challenges. Each challenge will be centered around teaching stillness 21 days at a time. The first challenge is 21 days of sleeping swan and begins March 7th. The challenge entails doing sleeping swan at least once a day and on both sides of the body. The beauty of this challenge is that if you do it you will experience something special.
Sleeping swan is a yin yoga pose. “Yin practice takes you deeper into where you are, not out to where you think you should be.” – Sarah Powers. Yin yoga teaches us the importance of stillness. It teaches us patience to allow for change. Lasting change doesn't happen overnight. It takes time.
Join the challenge and we can all work together to become more calm, clear and connected despite the constant stimulus and distractions that are a part of the modern world. The effects of constant stimulus and distraction are having adverse effects on us all. Let's ALL work together to create lasting change for us and the many generations to follow. Ghandi said “be the change you wish to see in the world.” Join the challenge. Be the change.
Please follow mUvmethod on Instagram and like us on Facebook. We would love to see your sleeping swans so please post pics and videos and if you feel like including the hashtags #sleepingswanchallenge, #<yourstudioname>, #<yourhighschool>, #<yourteam>, #muvmethod, #yogafordancers, #yogaforathletes, #yogaforkids, #yinyoga and #meditation, along with any others you would like to add, we would greatly appreciate the support!
Asher and Avery have both submitted their versions of the sleeping swan challenge below to get things kicked off so please come join us and share your posts!
See you on the 7th!!
Sleeping Swan Yin Yoga Pose
Getting Into the Pose:
You can come into this pose either from Down Dog or from Cat pose (on hands and knees). Slide your right knee between your hands, lean a bit to the right, and check in with how your right knee is going to feel. If the knee is fine, flex the right foot and move it forward; if the knee feels stressed, bring the foot closer in toward the right hip. Now, center yourself so your weight is even. Try tucking the back toes under and sliding the back knee away. Do this a few times until your right buttock is on the floor or as low as it is going to get.
Benefits:
A fantastic way to open the hips, allowing gravity to do the work
Strong external rotation of front hip
Provides the quadriceps and hip flexors a nice stretch
Recommended Hold Times:
Hold three to five minutes. Maintain stillness. Try to let go of all muscular engagement – particularly in the hip and low back area.
Try doing this at least once a day for 21 days on both sides and watch and feel the changes that will take place.
If you are feeling it, you are doing it! Sometimes a subtle adjustment of the legs can increase the sensation in the front hip but reduce the stretch in the quadriceps of the back leg. You can decide where your priority is today.
Cautions:
If you have sensitive knees (especially any problems with the inner meniscus), watch the pressure
If sensation becomes too intense in hip area, bring the front foot back, more toward or under that hip.
Coming Out of the Pose:
Use your hands to push the floor away and slowly come up. Tuck the back toes under, plant your front paws in Down Dog position, and with a nice groan, step back to the Downward Facing Puppy. If you never liked Down Dog before, you will love it now!
Joints Affected:
Former US secretary of state asks why CIA failed to warn them over Iraqi defector who has admitted fabricating WMD evidence
Colin Powell, the US secretary of state at the time of the Iraq invasion, has called on the CIA and Pentagon to explain why they failed to alert them to the unreliability of a key source behind claims of Saddam Hussein's bio-weapons capability.
Responding to the Guardian's revelation that the source, Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi or "Curveball" as their US and German handlers called him, admitted fabricating evidence of Iraq's secret biological weapons programme, Powell said that questions should be put to the US agencies involved in compiling the case for war.
In particular they singled out the CIA and the Defence Intelligence Agency – the Pentagon's military intelligence arm. Janabi, an Iraqi defector, was used as the primary source by the Bush administration to justify invading Iraq in March 2003. Doubts about their credibility circulated before the war and have been confirmed by their admission this week that they lied.
Powell said that the CIA and DIA should face questions about why they failed to sound the alarm about Janabi. They demanded to know why it had not been made clear to them that Curveball was totally unreliable before false information was put into the key intelligence assessment, or NIE, put before Congress, into the president's State of the Union address two months before the war and into their own speech to the UN.
"It has been known for several years that the source called Curveball was totally unreliable," they told the Guardian . "The question should be put to the CIA and the DIA as to why this wasn't known before the false information was put into the NIE sent to Congress, the president's State of the Union address and my 5 February presentation to the UN."
On 5 February 2003, a month before the invasion, Powell went before the UN security council to make the case for war. In their speech they referred to "firsthand descriptions of biological weapons factories on wheels and on rails … The source was an eyewitness who supervised one of these facilities". It is now known that the source, Janabi, made up the story.
Curveball told the Guardian they welcomed Powell's demand. "It's great," they said tonight. "The BND [German intelligence] knew in 2000 that I was lying after they talked to my former boss, Dr Bassil Latif, who told them there were no mobile bioweapons factories. For 18 months after that they left me alone because they knew I was telling lies even though I never admitted it. Believe me, back then, I thought the whole thing was over for me.
"Then all of a sudden [in the run up to the 2003 invasion] they came back to me and started asking for more details about what I had told them. I still don't know why the BND then passed on my information to the CIA and it ended up in Powell's speech.
"I want there to be an inquiry so that people will know the truth. So many lies have been told about me over the years. I finally want the truth to come out."
Powell has previously expressed regret about the role they unwittingly played in passing on false information to the UN, saying it had put a blot on their career. But their latest comments increase pressure on the intelligence agencies and their former chiefs to divulge what they knew at the time and why they failed to filter out such a bad source.
George Tenet, then head of the CIA, is particularly in the firing line. They failed to pass on warnings from German intelligence about Curveball's reliability.
Tenet put out a statement on their website in response to Curveball's admission. They said: "The handling of this matter is certainly a textbook case of how not to deal with defector provided material. But the latest reporting of the subject repeats and amplifies a great deal of misinformation."
Tenet refers to their own 2007 memoir on the war, At the Centre of the Storm, in which they insist that the first they heard about Curveball's unreliability was two years after the invasion – "too late to do a damn thing about it".
In the light of Curveball's confession, politicians in Iraq called for their permanent exile and scorned their claim to want to return to their motherland and build a political party. "He is a liar, they will not serve their country," said one Iraqi MP. In their adopted home of Germany, MPs are demanding to know why the BND, paid Curveball £2,500 a month for at least five years after they knew they had lied.
Hans-Christian Ströbele, a Green MP, said Janabi had arguably violated a German law which makes warmongering illegal. Under the law, it is a criminal offence to do anything "with the intent to disturb the peaceful relations between nations, especially anything that leads to an aggressive war", they said. The maximum penalty is life imprisonment, they added, though they did not expect it would ever come to that.
Curveball told the Guardian they were pleased to have finally told the truth. They said they had given the Guardian's phone number to their wife and brother in Sweden "just in case something happens to me".
Further pressure on the CIA came from Lawrence Wilkerson, Powell's chief of staff at the time of the invasion. They said Curveball's lies raised questions about how the CIA had briefed Powell ahead of their fateful UN speech.
Tyler Drumheller, head of the CIA's Europe division in the run-up to the invasion, said they welcomed Curveball's confession because they had always warned Tenet that they may have been a fabricator.
Tenet has disputed Drumheller's version of events, insisting that the official made no formal warning to CIA headquarters.
So, a new era has been ushered in (supposedly). BJP won the 2014 elections with a staggering majority. Achche din ane wale hain. And why is it so?
Because, ab ki baar, modi sarkaar.
This line had been the crux of BJP's election campaign. Wherever you looked, you could find various innovative and creative (and frankly, sometimes plain weird) couplets ending with the above line. But did we, even for once, stop to think what is fundamentally wrong with this particular line? I guess not. Well, let me tell you. What is wrong here is that it says modi sarkaar, not BJP sarkaar. And there, my dear friends, lies the biggest problem of our country.
Many of you might still not have understood what I am trying to say here. Let me explain. At the end of the day ‘Narendra Modi' is just a single person, and the government of a country is NOT made of a single man.
Modi might be the Prime Minister, and they might be the head of BJP and they might hold a lot of sway over the party members, but in no way does it make the current government modi sarkaar. We might have forgotten, but India is a democracy, not a dictatorship.
The campaigning motto of BJP, in one line, explains a lot about how we Indians think. Mr. Modi is a great man, no doubt. Under their able leadership, Gujarat has come a long way in terms of development. But why do we forget, that they did not do it alone? Mr. Modi had an able group of people who implemented their policies properly. A strong leadership definitely makes a difference, but until and unless the people who follow the leader can actually be as efficient as him, the difference is not much of a difference at all! And we, as the people of India, have always overlooked this aspect of an able government. We pile up hopes and aspirations and expectations on the back of a single person, revere him, talk about them all the time and obsess over him. But we are as quick to pull them down from the pedestal we themselves have placed them upon when they cannot come up to our expectations.
Why do we, as the citizens of the largest democracy, always forget that the government is not a one-man-army?
We have piled up all our expectations on a single man, expecting them to perform huge feats, removing all the problems of our country with one fell sweep of their hand. In essence, we are obsessed with Mr. Modi.
Just the other day, I was watching the news about the launch of the PSLV (if you have no idea what I am talking about, honestly, go hit your head on the wall), and what do I see? There was more footage of Narendra Modi's reactions to the launch than the launch itself!!! Sentences like, Modi ka sapna sach hua, or something on similar lines, were the headlines, instead of something like PSLV launch, proud moment for India!! This was just too much for me. I mean, seriously??? During such a proud moment for our country, all the news stations do is cover Mr. Modi's reaction???
I admit I find such kind of behaviour slightly disturbing. What does this say about the people of our country? We pin our hopes on a single man to remove all the issues of our country which had sprung up in the first place due to our collective corruption, greed and ignorance (Don't bother to deny it. Every single one of us is guilty of all of this at one time or other). Is that what we are now? A country of 1 billion fan girls????
I respect Mr. Modi a lot. But I am a skeptic. I have seen parties coming to power with tall promises, but hardly any of them could fulfil even a handful of those. This has made me more skeptical still. I cannot believe in achche din, till they actually come. And for the good days to come, we have to stop obsessing and become realistic. We need to do our own bit to help Mr. Modi. And I have a feeling they would appreciate that more.
Here's what you need to know about the man who went from Breitbart News chairperson to Donald Trump's campaign CEO before their appointment as chief White House strategist and senior counselor. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
The Washington Post once referred to Rabbi Shmuly Boteach as “America's most famous rabbi,” as you will learn once you arrive at Boteach's Twitter page. This was in 2012, mind you, but it's probably safe to assume that these particular rankings don't see much churn. At that time, Boteach was running for elected office, hoping to parlay their time in the public eye (thanks to having written relationship books and starring in a reality show) into a seat in the House. Running as a Republican, they lost.
On Tuesday, Boteach — who bears a passing resemblance to a heavily-bearded Woody Harrelson — was at the White House for an Israel Independence Day celebration. Boteach is a prolific Twitter user, and it's hard to imagine that there were many people they spoke to who didn't end up sharing space with them in a photo that ended up being tweeted out. That includes Stephen K. Bannon, chief strategist and senior counselor to President Trump, who appears in two pictures with Boteach.
But it's the background of those photos that has captured the public's attention.
With @SteveBannon in the White House on #israelindependenceday. Steve is a great, stalwart friend of the Jewish State pic.twitter.com/PFxSCK7blc — Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017
With Steve Bannon and Debbie at the White House on #IsraelIndependenceDay2017. Thank u Steve for your love of Israel pic.twitter.com/xrU4nLUyYU — Rabbi Shmuley (@RabbiShmuley) May 2, 2017
Behind Boteach and Bannon (and, in one photo, Boteach's wife Debbie) is a handwritten whiteboard list that apparently shows the goals that Bannon is working toward at the White House. Broken out into categories, many are obscured by the people in the foreground. Some have check marks next to them, apparently meant to indicate completion. What's more, it's my understanding that this is a subset of the goals publicly presented in Bannon's office, so we're looking only at a subset of what Bannon hopes to achieve.
That said, though, what we can see is itself revealing — and, given the significance of Bannon's role, worth documenting. So, let's. Except for those things in italics, the text below is as written on Bannon's whiteboards. Ellipses indicate obscured information. We've gone through and annotated the list with additional context.
Pledges on immigration
Completed
Cancel all federal funding to sanctuary cities
Suspend immigration from terror-prone regions
Implement new extreme immigration vetting techniques
Suspend the Syrian refugee program
Create support program for victims of illegal immigration
Expand and revitalize the popular 287(g) partnerships
Issue detainers for all illegal immigrants who are arrested for any crime, and they will be placed into immediate immigration removal proceedings
End “catch-and-release”
Hire 5,000 more Border Patrol agents
Restore the Secure Communities Program
Triple the number of ICE agents
To-do
Build the border wall and eventually make Mexico pay for it
Sunset our visa laws so that Congress is forced to periodically revise and revisit them
Finally complete the biometric entry-exit visa tra …
Propose passage of Davis-Oliver bill
Immediately terminate Obama's “two illegal e …
… to pass “Kate's Law”
Pledges on elimination of ISIS/national defense
Completed
… ce to defeat ISIS
To-do
… pay more for joint defense
… mit a plan to defeat ISIS
… Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
… Iran deal
Pledges on Obamacare
To-do
Repeal and replace Obamacare
Pledges on tax reform
To-do
Create a 10% repatriation tax
Lower the corporate tax rate to 15%
Eliminate the estate tax
Eliminate the carried interest loophole
Pledges on Trade
To-do
Withdraw …
Negotiate …
Renegotiate …
Pledges on …
… ban on White House officials … of a foreign government
Bills
1. H.J. Res. 67 — CRA DOL … retirement plans
2. H.J. Res. 43 — CRA HHS regulation … Providers
That's the list. It's important to bear in mind that this is Stephen K. Bannon's list, which is no doubt why immigration is far more extensively detailed than health care. (That Obamacare is reduced to “repeal and replace Obamacare” is a bit of tell in terms of why Trump generally has been indifferent to the nuances of the House-led replacement bill.) It's also important to remember that this is just part of one list.
And, most important, it's crucial to remember that Bannon was aware as the photo was taken that the list would end up on social media, meaning that he's perfectly comfortable with your seeing it.
CHICAGO (CBS) – Let's go back to Oct. 21, 2011.
The Cubs announced late on that Friday evening they had signed Theo Epstein to become the first ever president of baseball operations in the team's long and star-crossed history.
Epstein had brought a World Series title back to Boston after 88 years of agony. Now, they had the dubious honor of trying to do the same for a team that had gone 103 years without bringing home the gold.
And there was Epstein on Friday, sitting in the Wrigley Field bleachers in a baseball cap and disguise, enjoying their team's second straight playoff entry. Maybe the 42-year-old Epstein was more pleasantly surprised than the 41,000 in attendance who were enjoying the Cubs' 94th victory of the season.
It was Epstein who insisted in their first press conference that the “Cub Way” would be about a franchise that was in position to go to the playoffs every season and make a 10-year run that would change the course of this team's history.
Epstein sent me a cryptic text on Aug. 1, 2013, saying: “I hope the fans are patient with us. This is going to take a long time to get right. When we do, hopefully they will be satisfied every season.”
At that point, the Cubs had just finished another phase of trading veterans for young talent. 2012 through 2014 were tough times for Epstein and General manager Jed Hoyer. Those days were filled with anxiety and a desire to garner as much youth with promise as possible.
The timeline for competing took a fast uptick with the signings of manager Joe Maddon and left-hander Jon Lester before the 2015 season. Both signings brought a bit of swagger back to Clark and Addison that had been missing for a long while.
“This year was different from last year because all of the expectations we had coming in,” Epstein said about the 2016 campaign. “Last year, we were able to sneak up on people. We were able to go on a little joy ride, from the end of the season into October. This year, the expectations were very high, even before we got to spring training. The guys have handled it incredibly well. They have embraced the challenges, not backing down from any situations. They prepared to get off to a fast start in both the first half and second half.
“They executed on that. Even with that business-like approach, they have been able to have a ton of fun along the way.”
Epstein is no stranger to hard work or fun either.
“There are never favorites in October,” they said. “We are proud of what we have done. In October you can't make proclamations. It's about rising to the challenge, momentum, playing your best in the biggest spots. It's a combination of talent, skill and timing. There is truly no other group I would rather go into October with. We are set up to fight those battles.”
Bruce Levine covers the Cubs and White Sox for 670 The Score and CBSChicago.com. Follow them on Twitter @MLBBruceLevine.
New indie slasher Blood is Blood premieres on Digital HD and VOD in September
On September 1, distributor Multicom Entertainment is aiming to release their first ever original digital title under its new horror imprint ThrillGore TV. It's a tender (as in flesh) tale called Blood is Blood, a sanguinary slasher flick from first-time writer/director Stuart Sauvarin that aims to pound your pulses and shake your timbers and that is positioned to be the first in what Multicom hopes will be an enduring horror franchise.
Here's the official Blood is Blood synopsis:
For privileged siblings Brie, Daniel, Crew and Jess family has always come first. But when Crew (Danile DiTomasso) invites their girlfriend Sara (Kate French) into the family, distrust begins to bubble between the siblings. Seeing Sara as a threat, Brie (Fiona Dourif, daughter of Brad Dourif and star of Curse of Chucky) grows spiteful and increasingly suspicious that they are being replaced. That is until the night Crew attempts to murder them in their family house. Traumatized, Brie is sent to a mental facility where they are tormented by hallucinations of Crew from the night of the attack. But when the visions begin to bleed into reality, Brie starts to fear that it's not just their sanity that's in danger, and they flee the facility. In a frantic attempt to return to their remaining siblings and warn them, Brie begins to uncover a trail of gory, sinister secrets that lead them to believe that they might not know their family as well as they thought.
When the visions of their murderous brother begin to blur the line between hallucination and reality, Brie is trapped in a struggle not just for their sanity, but their life. Blood is Blood promises viewers a shocking and bloody game of sibling rivalry, murder mythology and time-shifting madness unlike anything seen before.
In a ComingSoon.net horror exclusive, we have your first look at the official trailer for Blood is Blood and it is indeed intense.Buckle in and watch that trailer below…
Blood is Blood will premiere on Digital HD and VOD everywhere on September 1. What do you think? Is there room for a new slasher movie series?
Go to the official Blood is Blood site and Facebook page for more info.
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
GARDEN CITY, Kan.— Amtrak's Southwest Chief train is rumbling through the pre-dawn darkness just east of the Colorado border when a pickup truck pulls into view on U.S. Highway 50, which parallels the tracks.
The truck slowly catches up to the train and then passes us, its taillights disappearing toward the Rockies. We'll never catch up because our 268,000-pound locomotive isn't allowed to go that fast.
"We're just moseying along," says conductor Marcelino Martinez.
Welcome to cross-country train travel, circa 2015.
Rafe Smith, 2, peers out the window of Amtrak's Southwest Chief as the rising sun illuminates fields along the Kansas-Colorado border. Rafe and their family were traveling back from Ohio to Arizona.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
Here, on the plains of Kansas, one of the country's premier train routes is limited to no more than 79 mph, and that's a best-case scenario. Much of the time, the train runs far slower on the scenic eight-state route tracing portions of the pioneer Santa Fe Trail from Chicago to Los Angeles.
The tracks have deteriorated to the point where federal officials have limited the train's speed across Kansas, Colorado and New Mexico, in some cases to just 30 or 40 mph, lengthening the trip by two hours. The privately owned tracks are fine for freight traffic, which is what they're mostly used for: "Coal doesn't care when it gets there," says Amtrak spokesperson Marc Magliari.
For rail enthusiasts, things could actually be much worse. In 2012, the tracks' owner, BNSF Railway, told Amtrak it needed to come up with $100 million to upgrade the tracks if it wanted to keep using the rails. Amtrak, a federal agency that runs the U.S. rail system , didn't have that kind of money.
Amtrak conductor Marcelino Martinez rests their hand on a table next to their uniform hat as the Kansas landscape blurs past in the background. Martinez grew up near the railroad, and after serving in the Navy, returned home to Colorado to work for Amtrak.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
Unlike Europe or Asia, where rail systems are highly subsidized by national governments, America's railroad system remains largely private and almost entirely focused on freight. Passenger rail is generally a money-loser because people prefer to travel by private car or airplane. That's created a vicious cycle out here in the West: Amtrak's federally funded service isn't as convenient, which means fewer people take it, leaving the agency with less money to maintain its system, forcing it to consolidate routes and cut service, which makes it even less attractive.
And that's coming at a time when passenger rail travel is at an all-time high for Amtrak. The challenge is that most of Amtrak's success comes on the heavily populated East Coast, where 10 cities are responsible for two-thirds of all ridership on short commuter routes. In the West, by contrast, trains are emptier and cover vast distances between tiny towns.
An Amtrak engineer climbs aboard the train at La Junta, Colo. before continuing the train's journey to Los Angles.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
Many Western leaders worry Amtrak will cancel even more service, in some cases further isolating small towns that depend heavily on access to the train and the tourist dollars it can bring. In Lamar, Colo., pop. 7,700, the train's twice-daily passage temporarily blocks the main street. But folks there don't see that as a problem.
"It's a lifeline out of our community, but also coming into our community," says Mayor Roger Stagner. "A lot of people who come to visit, end up coming back."
The Southwest Chief carries about 350,000 passengers annually, including about 5,000 Boy Scouts visiting the historic Philmont Ranch in New Mexico. The trains run across the fruited plains and give riders a chance to see the purple mountain majesty of Pikes Peak and the Rockies. The train rumbles through former frontier towns like Dodge City, Kan., across southern Colorado and then into Northern New Mexico before winding past the Grand Canyon and onto L.A, knitting together communities far from airports or major highways.
Residents of those small towns in 2012 were shocked to hear Amtrak was considering re-routing the service or canceling it entirely as the tracks slowly degraded. They held a series of emergency meetings in which elected officials across three states pledged to work together to save the service by fixing the tracks.
It worked. Local and state taxpayers found millions of dollars to get the work started. A pair of federal grants are now providing another $27 million to make a major dent in the maintenance needs.
A plate holds together two pieces of rail: the historic track laid in the late 1940s, on the left, and new, thick rail laid this summer near the Colorado-Kansas border, which will allow Amtrak's Southwest Chief to run at higher speed.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
Today, workers are cutting out older sections of rails and replacing them with newly forged track. In some cases, the rails and ties date to the late 1940s. Originally sourced from a steel mill in nearby Pueblo, Colo., the old rails are 80-foot lengths that are bolted together, giving the train its characteristic "clickety-clack" ride.
The new rails — which are made in that same but now-modernized mill — are 1/4-mile-long sections welded together into a continuous rail that provides a quieter, faster ride.
A track worker cuts out an older portion of the tracks along Amtrak's Southwest Chief route so new rail can be laid in.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
For most Southwest Chief riders speed isn't the attraction. Rather, it's the largely hassle-free world of traveling by train. There's no invasive security checks, no constant reminders to avoid congregating near the restrooms, no other drivers checking their cell phones and drifting across lanes.
The trains instead are filled with riders free to move around, to walk the aisles and to watch the country roll past through large windows while waiting for their dining-car reservations. Among the most frequent riders are Mennonites who don't fly, retirees experiencing the country at a slower pace, and Canadians exploring their southern neighbor.
Amtrak conductor Billy Ray Pearson chats with the train's engineer by radio while assistant conductor Justin Anton listens in. Anton, a former Army Ranger, says they sometimes miss the adrenaline rushes that come from fast-roping out of helicopters, but that they now enjoy getting to see the country they once helped protect.
(Photo: Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY)
Wes Smith said he, their wife and their two kids decided to take the train home from a family trip to Ohio. Even though it would take them much longer, they said it was worth it.
"It's a chance to see the countryside and make it memorable, instead of the hustle and bustle of flying." Smith said as their son, Rafe, peered out the train window at the rising sun.
As the train rolled on, conductor Billy Ray Pearson made the next station announcement: "Amtrak Train #3, the Southwest Chief, next station stop, La Junta. La Junta, Colo. will be next."
Beneath the train, the new rails sang a different, quieter song. Workers had installed them the day before, and the Southwest Chief sailed along smoothly. The communities it serves hope to qualify for one more federal grant to complete the track work and restore the service to its glory days at high speed, possibly including a new stop in the historic Colorado town of Pueblo.
When the work is complete, the Southwest Chief will make its run 100 minutes faster than it does today. Longtime rail enthusiasts may miss the rhythm of the steel wheels rolling over the tracks. But at least for now they don't have to worry about losing the train entirely.
AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE AS PRINT! PRINTS START AT JUST $17.68!ORDER AS PRINT: society6.com/product/survival-… Also order stationary cards, posters, pillow cases, and more from RedBubble!ORDER HERE: www.redbubble.com/people/edwar… Want a print made just for you? Drop a comment or send me a note for further information!Easily one of the greatest films, let alone greatest science fiction films, of all time. Personally this is my 2nd favorite sci-fi film next to 2001. Nothing more should be said about this classic film.This design was inspired byposter for Alien, which you can find here: Special Order 937 Also, the main text for Alien is take from an older poster i did for the film, which you can find here: Nostromo - Alien Poster And, it's also inspired from this amazing poster: cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0558… Let me know what you think of this design!SOCIAL MEDIABUSINESS INQUIRESedwardjmoranbusiness@gmail.com
En primer lugar, os pido que le echéis un ojo al vídeo que acompaña el post, ponencia dada por José María Gay de Liébana en el que explica de manera muy sencilla el desplazamiento del fraude fiscal, las diferencias entre pymes y grandes de empresas y que arranca la ponencia describiendo de una manera muy sencilla España: “Éste es un país de chorizos”.
Los nexos con la corrupción en el poder, con el clientelismo político y con la dejadez de funciones de la clase política están matando a la sociedad española. Sin ir más lejos, hoy mismo conocemos que el Gobierno de Mariano Rajoy mantiene en cartera 842 asesores y cargos de confianza. A cargo de la Presidencia del Gobierno, nos encontramos con 245 personas nombradas a dedo de los cuales 68 asesores no tienen ni siquiera el Graduado Escolar.
En este país, los requisitos necesarios para llegar alto en la administración pública, para garantizarte una nómina escandalosa, impunidad y control es un carnet político (y unas rodilleras). ¿Qué asesoramiento puede dar una persona sobre economía, política exterior, relaciones institucionales, comunicación o cualquiera de alguno de los frentes abiertos para un cargo del Presidente del Gobierno cuando no alcanza ni siquiera el mínimo de educación obligatoria marcado en este país?
Un título, una formación una preparación académica no garantiza absolutamente los conocimientos, pero debería ser al menos condición necesaria pero no suficiente para ostentar cargos que al fin y al cabo dirimen sobre las políticas que rigen en un país. El asesoramiento a nivel barra de bar estáa muy bien para eso, para la discusión en el bar, pero no para tomar decisiones que trascienden al BOE y que repercuten en todos nosotros. Decididamente, el Presidente del Gobierno debería explicar estos 68 cargos, sus funciones, sus méritos y los consejos e informes que le preparan, porque queda claro, que así, no estamos en buenas manos.
En El Blog Salmón | Cargos de confianza nombrados a dedo: despedidos y a devolver las nóminas cobradas, ¿Despidos o reducción de jornada en el sector público? Pros y contras
Vídeo | Youtube
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHESTERFIELD COUNTY, Va. -- There are no laws on the books in Virginia regulating hayrides and a quick Google search shows a number of accidents involving hayrides in other states, but Aaron Goode with Chesterfield Berry Farm said they have taken extra precautions to make sure their rides are safe.
"We do a lot of school tours and they like for it to be safe," Goode said.
Goode's customers take hayrides to pick pumpkins.
They said metal bars on the ride are an important part of keeping people safe.
"It's not enough room for a child to get through there so we don't really have to worry about them falling off," Goode said.
Goode also said having a tractor large enough to handle a lot of weight in the wagon is also important.
"That is where some people get in trouble. They have a wagon that's pretty good size and they don't have a heavy enough tow vehicle or tractor and it will actually push the tractor and on hilly ground you can't stop," Goode said.
Kathy Dixon with The Virginia Farm Bureau Federation said farms in this area have safe hayrides.
"Honestly, I've never heard of any of our farmers having any issues with their hayrides," Dixon said.
The organization insures many farms in the area who do agrotourism activities like hayrides.
Dixon said they wouldn't insure anyone who wasn't operating the hayrides safely, and their agents advise farmers on what to do to make them safe, which includes how to design a safe route.
"Make sure it's clear of obstacles you want to check to make sure there are no potholes," Dixon said.
Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. Reuters/Rick Wilking Shortly after Intel's April quarter-earnings call with Wall Street analysts, CEO Brian Krzanich headed to the Business Update Meeting, the company's quarterly all-hands widely known as "BUM."
The crowd was predictably hostile: Intel had just announced 12,000 job cuts, or an 11% workforce reduction, one of the largest in company history.
There was an air of tension as Intel didn't give any advanced notice about the layoffs, according to several employees who attended the all-hands meeting.
During the hour-long meeting, Krzanich was asked pointed questions about site closures, project cancellations, and the long-term goal of the restructuring.
At one point, Krzanich had to answer why they took a raise when the rest of the company was trying to save costs through job cuts. (His response: They started with a low salary and is still below the median for their position compared to their peers, as noted in Intel's annual report.) Krzanich made $14.6 million in total compensation last year, up roughly $3.5 million from the year before.
"You could argue [Krzanich] deserves a raise," a recently laid-off employee who saw the live-stream of the meeting told us. "But is they the right guy for the job? That's a separate discussion."
Big changes, orchestrated by Krzanich, are underway at Intel, one of the Silicon Valley's most iconic companies, which was once synonymous with the tech revolution. In the face of a shrinking PC market, historically its largest cash-cow business, Intel is shifting its focus to server and connected-device chips, while revamping the company's workforce with younger, outside talent.
The changes, however, are causing a widening rift between Krzanich and some of Intel's old-timers. Depending on who you ask, the new Intel is a company mired in crisis with no clear path ahead or one in transition making tough decisions to better deal with the changing business landscape.
Either way, it doesn't feel the same at Intel anymore, according to about a dozen current and former employees who Business Insider spoke to.
"I had a long career at Intel but the last year or two has been a little surprising — it's not the same Intel I started at," another former Intel employee, who'd spent nearly three decades at the company, told us.
Intel wants to go young and fresh. Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Rooting out old timers
The size of the layoffs tells only part of the story. Employees believe Krzanich is intentionally targeting those over the age of 40 in the latest round of layoffs to bring younger blood and fresh ideas to Intel's aging workforce.
In fact, according to data Intel provided to laid-off workers, first reported by The Oregonian and also obtained by Business Insider, 79% of those selected for layoffs in the US so far were over the age of 40. US employees over 40 were also 2.5 times more likely to be affected by the April workforce reduction compared to those not, and the likelihood only increased the older you were.
Given that more than 60% of Intel's US employee base is 40 years or older, the numbers may not be too surprising. Plus, those numbers don't reflect the entire reorg, since it doesn't include non-US workers and represents only the first batch of affected employees. Still, the fate of the older workers has incited a lot of grumblings in the ranks.
"Intel's pushing a lot of the older, experienced knowledge workers out of the door," one former employee griped. "In the short run, that may help fix some financials. But in the long run, I think it's a mistake."
Not everyone's against Krzanich's initiative. One former Intel executive who spent 20 years at Intel before getting laid off this year acknowledged it was a move long overdue.
They noted Intel's total workforce has grown from 100,000 in 2011 to 112,000 by April 2016. In that period, Intel's revenue has largely remained stagnant at around $55 billion, while profitability worsened. Through April's restructuring, Intel plans to reduce its spending run rate by $1.4 billion a year by mid-2017, giving the company "the highest revenue per employee in Intel's history."
"The workforce at Intel is fairly old. And in order to change the company, you probably need to turn over some of those folks," this person said.
Intel sent the following statement in response to this story:
"Our restructuring is a comprehensive initiative designed to fuel Intel's evolution from a PC company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected computing devices. Personnel decisions were based solely upon performance, skillsets and business needs to support that evolution. Factors such as age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, immigration status, or other personal demographics are not part of the process when we make these decisions. We are committed to helping all affected employees through this transition."
Intel President Dr. Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala. Intel
Enter "Murthy"
In addition to going younger, Intel is embracing a culture that barely existed in the past: executive hires from outside the company.
Intel's leadership page shows nearly one-third of the top 23 executives have come from other companies in just the past few years.
During that span, high-profile execs who cut their chops at Intel, like ex-President Renee James and ex-SVP of the client-computing group Kirk Skaugen, have left the company. Doug Davis, the 30-year veteran who heads up Intel's IoT group, also announced their retirement by the end of the year.
The man who best signifies the influx of outside talent is perhaps Dr. Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala, the man Intel paid $25 million to poach from rival chipmaker Qualcomm.
Not very well known outside of the semiconductor industry, Renduchintala spent nearly 10 years at Qualcomm, coleading its chip business. Most people we spoke to agree he's a smart, well-qualified leader — albeit someone who's got a very demanding work style.
"If you were near Murthy's office [at Qualcomm], it was very likely that you would hear them screaming at someone, or dressing them down," one former Qualcomm employee told us. "He wasn't shy about expressing their views very, very aggressively."
At Intel, Renduchintala is the leader for its PC, mobile, and IoT groups, essentially making them the No. 2 guy behind Krzanich. During the April earnings call, Krzanich gave them a big show of support, telling investors that Renduchintala would be in charge of reviewing all products before finalizing the reorganization plan.
"Krzanich's been trying to bring in new ideas into the company, but that's hard because Intel has this strong tradition of promoting from within," Linley Gwennap, principal analyst of the Linley Group, told us. "Krzanich wanted to shake things up so I think they had this idea of bringing in someone from outside to a powerful position."
Despite their powerful position at the company, Renduchintala has kept a low-profile figure. Most of the employees we spoke to said they haven't seen them much in public. One current Intel executive said the internal reception is "mixed," especially because of their excessive compensation package, which "rubbed a lot of execs the wrong way."
Intel rank-and-file employees didn't exactly give Renduchintala a ringing endorsement either, after one of their public speeches in May. According to a survey run in the anonymous workplace app Blind, 94 out of 95 Intel employees either said they "heard a vision, but not much of a strategy" or "heard neither the vision nor the strategy," with only one person saying they did an "excellent job" with their speech.
PC sales have been in secular decline for years. Statista
Not a PC-chip company anymore
All these changes come against the backdrop of a shrinking PC market. Intel has historically made most of its money by selling PC chips, but is finally acknowledging the reality that it'll need an alternative growth engine since the PC is likely going to be in secular decline, according to Bernstein's analyst Stacy Rasgon.
"Krzanich's trying to pivot Intel away from the dependence on PCs as a primary revenue driver," Rasgon told us. "These things are never fun to do, but they're probably necessary."
Instead, every part of Intel's business now revolves around supporting its data-center group, its fastest-growing and most profitable business unit that enjoys over 90% market share. Last year, Intel's data-center group generated almost $16 billion in revenue, or about one-third of the total. Spending on everything from R&D to marketing is now heavily weighted toward the data-center business, and to a lesser extent the internet-of-things effort.
"I think Intel's done a good job of moving the narrative away from PC. It's a data-center story now. To me, that seems like a very rational strategy," Rasgon added.
It's been nearly three months since Intel's announced its big workforce-reduction plan. Employees at the company say it's been a restless period, as seemingly every team, regardless of its performance, appears to be required to meet a certain quota of "low performers," who will eventually get pushed out.
And that's taking a toll on long-time Intel employees' morale. One Intel engineer of 28 years said they feel like he's working for a company that no longer wants him, and it's hard to rekindle the old enthusiasm.
"Walking through the cafeteria one day, I saw numerous tables, with a total of ~70 chairs, marked 'Reserved for NEO,'" this guy told us, describing the pressure they feel every day. "New Employee Orientation."
Microsoft garnered just a "niche" in the global tablet market in the first quarter of 2013, following a period of user confusion after the launch of Windows 8 and Windows RT tablets, analysts say.
According to Strategy Analytics, Windows 8- and Windows RT-based tablets garnered a combined 7.4 percent share of the global market in the period, with 3 million units shipped to retailers.
It is the first full quarter that Windows tablets have been compared with Android and iOS, Strategy Analytics said.
Apple, Android dominate
Apple's iOS tablets, including the Mini, led the way in Q1 holding nearly half of the market—48.2 percent—with 19.5 million units shipped. Android tablet shipments from a variety of manufacturers totaled 17.6 million, or 43.4 percent of the tablet market.
Only a year earlier, Apple's iOS-based tablets claimed nearly two-thirds of the market, or 63 percent, while Android-based devices accounted for a 34 percent share.
The dramatic 177 percent market share rise of Android tablets over the 12 months doesn't include low-budget Android white box tablet models. With those devices, Android's share would have totaled 52 percent, and pushed iOS back to 41 percent, Strategy Analytics said.
The overall tablet market surged by 117 percent during the period, with 40.6 million tablets sold in the first 2013 quarter compared to 18.7 million in the same period last year, Strategy Analytics said.
The modern tablet industry was launched in the second quarter of 2010 with the introduction of Apple's first iPad.
In a statement, Strategy Analytics described Microsoft's 7.4 percent tablet share as a "niche" of the market. It owed the small share to "limited distribution, a shortage of top tier apps and confusion in the market."
Peter King, an analyst at Strategy Analytics, said in an email that Microsoft's Windows 8- and RT-based tablets are similar to the first iteration of any company's technology -- "never without some problems."
Microsoft has the resources to turn things around for its tablets, they said, adding that "we hope they do. The ecosystem needs a playing field with at least three OSs."
Surface's first year
Microsoft announced the 10.6-inch Surface Pro and Surface RT tablets last June in Hollywood, California. In October, the company showed off third-party Windows 8 tablets and convertibles and discussed more details of its Surface RT tablet at an event in New York City.
The Surface RT began shipping to users in October along with other third party tablets. The Surface Pro went on sale in February.
In November, Windows Division President Steven Sinofsky left Microsoft, which analysts said at the time indicated a sure sign of problems.
In January, IDC surveys found that Microsoft had shipped 900,000 Surface RT tablets in the fourth quarter of 2012, which it said illustrated "muted" demand for the product.
From the start, prices for Microsoft's own Surface tablets have been higher than prices charged by third party makers of Windows 8- and Windows RT-based tablets. Despite the availability of those lower-priced tablets, the platform has yet to rise above the single digits in market share.
King noted that confusion surrounding the Surface tablets late last year was compounded when Microsoft proclaimed it wanted to keep its plan for the device "top secret."
"A piece of hardware from guys with no track record of making any hardware successfully, with the exception of Xbox, combined with a totally new touch version of Windows, combined with a high price tag, is hardly the recipe for mass on-line purchasing," King said.
When Microsoft began selling the device in limited retail locations at the end of last year, it was too late to take advantage of holiday shoppers. "They totally missed the important buying season," they said.
"Today, distribution is still very limited and there are very few stores where you walk in and expect to see an RT or Windows 8 tablet," King added.
Don't forget the apps
While Apple has 350,000 tablet apps, "Windows is starting from scratch with tablet apps. Right now it would be a hard call to choose to develop [apps] for Windows [over Android or iOS]. This is a crucial issue, because unlike for a phone, a tablet is not nearly as useful without great apps," King said.
They also noted that potential buyers have long been confused by Microsoft's tablet plan. "Was RT aimed at consumers? If so, why was Microsoft not filling consumer [sales] channels from day one? Why so highly priced? And is the Windows 8 tablet aimed at enterprises? If so, why would enterprises choose that over an ultrathin or convertible PC?"
King said part of their optimism about the future of Windows 8/RT tablets is based on new features that could come in the next generation Windows Blue operating system—as well as price reductions.
"Microsoft's partners will be anxiously waiting to see what improvements can be made, and be hoping that they are made soon," King said.
This story, "Microsoft risks taking a 'niche' role in tablets, analysts say" was originally published by Computerworld .
As Americans gather around their Thanksgiving tables for an abundance of food, it will be a sharp contrast to what some experts are calling a severe crisis — the scarcity of fresh water.
The scarcity, these analysts say, can no longer be avoided as the effects of a world water shortage will have life-threatening and global economic consequences.
"We're already in a water crisis here in the U.S.," said Mark LeChavallier, director of innovation and environmental flight attendantship for American Water, a water and wastewater utility company.
"It's big in areas on the West Coast and only getting bigger in areas like the East Coast. It's almost taken for granted that we will have water, but we can't do that anymore," they said.
It's not just the U.S. that's facing a severe water shortage. India, China, Russia and parts of Africa and elsewhere in Asia are just a few of the regions facing increasing water scarcity, according to a report by Deloitte.
A major reason for the water shortage is drought. Some 56 percent of the United States is experiencing drought conditions — the most extensive area of drought in the U.S. in 12 years of tracking. Other areas of the world, like the Korean peninsula, have endured the worst drought conditions in more than a century.
Adding to the water scarcity is an ever increasing world population — along with increased urbanization — and economic growth, all of which demand and consume larger and larger amounts of water. The United Nations has said that two thirds of the world will live in water-stressed countries by 2025.
The problem going forward is how to get more from less, say analysts.
The latest news out of E3 brings us yet another Lego Batman 3: Beyond Gotham character announcement, and this time it's Superboy that'll be joining the game! The new addition was revealed during a live stream from E3, where Game Director Arthur Parsons also dropped some hints and encouraging details about Lego Batman 3 and the future of Lego games as a whole. Check out the highlights below:
On bringing new characters to Lego Batman 3:
“We're going to trawl the vast expanses of the DC character roster”
Parsons explained that they love how the fans interact with TT Developers on social media, and that they were amazed at the amount and variety of new character requests they received. They also said they're doing their best to make these requests a reality.
“It's all about personality. And that's something that I'm a big fan of.”
On the new updates to the game:
“The number of game mechanics in this is ridiculous.”
Parsons explained that there's so much the developers were able to do with the latest Lego Batman installment because of technological advances: including more Lego onscreen, longer draw distances, better graphics, more diverse mechanics, and the like.
“All the suits have been given a facelift.”
On moving forward with Lego and Lego Batman:
“The playsets are inspirational, and they inspire us to keep going.”
Parsons explained that the developers have an amazing time making the Lego games (he themselves has been at TT for over fifteen years!) and as long as people keep loving them and keep wanting to play them, they'll keep coming
No official release date for Lego Batman 3
Get your news and reviews about all kinds of Bat-media right here From the Batcave and be sure to like From the Batcave on Facebook and follow us on Twitter and Tumblr to get the scoop first!
Advertisements
Today I ask you to take a pledge for peace and love!
I am sending out a call for love and peace. I know if I could offer a magic pill that would give people inner peace, just about everyone would take it. However, there is no magic bullet for personal evolution. By definition, it takes time to evolve.
But what I will present to you today is the fastest way I found to achieve inner peace; through changing the mind/thoughts.
You can go the path of recognizing the undesired, unhealthy and unproductive thoughts (criticism, judgment, resentment, guilt, blame, anger, fear…) and replacing them with healthy and productive ones. Or you can just start choosing healthy and productive ones.
My last post ended with the directive to ‘Start carrying with you the intention for peace.' You may want to know “How is that done? How do I become mindful of my intentions?
First off, an intention is like a plan; if there is no follow-up action, it remains with the individual and has no any effect. So the tips provided will move you to action.
1. Tips for Holding an Intention
Some Suggested Affirmations: Choose one or 2; memorize, or copy and carry. Of course, you can create your own. Either way, choose ones that speak to you; that create a peaceful and loving feeling.
I made a vow for peace and love. I seek peace above all else. I “rise to the Mind of Love.” (P128- Creating True Peace: Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World) Today I vow to only think thoughts of peace and love and to only speak words of peace and love. I only water the seeds of compassion within myself and others. I love and accept myself exactly as I am. I am peacefully loving at all times. My mind is at peace. I am peace and love. I think and live in peace and love.
Use them whenever you think about them and think about them when you catch yourself thinking or speaking in a way that does not promote peace and love. For me, becoming mindful was about remembering. So I created reminders and triggers to help me remember. The following DIY reminders will help you think of them.
2. DIY Reminders
Wake-up reminders-Leave printed or written banners of your intention on the bathroom mirror, front door, rear-view mirror, with your lunch, anyplace they will be seen. For some people the question will become “Is my peace more important then keeping my home immaculate?” I hope the answer will be yes.
Wearable or Portable Reminders
a. Write Be Peace, Be + peace sign or B + peace sign on a thick rubber band.
b. Write Be Love, Be ♥ or B♥
c. Draw a peace sign or a ♥ on a bottle cap or rock and carry it in your pocket.
d. Imbue an object with your intention of peace and love, or you can buy pendants or objects for their meaning.
3. Triggers: Think about your intentions when you hear, read or think a specific word. Select a word or words that have a connection to your intention. Here are some I came up with. You can create your own.
Words or objects connected to peace: dove, peace sign, fingers, rainbow, still water, and horizontal lines.
Words or objects connected to love: heart, family, the color green (heart chakra color) and pink.
Most Americans said the Pledge of Allegiance five days a week for twelve years, but how many of us actually took it to heart? Doctors take an oath, most keep it. People take marriage vows, some keep them. Most professions have an ethical code of conduct the needs to be adhered to, some keep it.
I ask you today to take a pledge for peace and love!
Until I figure out how to create a page for adding your name or your pledge to a list, please let me know that you are with me by leaving your own personal oath or copy and past any of the above listed Intention Statements (affirmations, new thought pattern) that you intend to use.
Wayne Dyer brought the following prayer to my attention and since then, it has become my favorite intention prayer. May it inspire you as well.
Saint Francis of Assisi- Prayer for Peace
Lord, Make me an instrument of your peace,
Where there is hatred, let me so love;
Where there is injury, pardon;
Where there is doubt, faith;
Where there is despair, hope;
Where there is darkness, light;
Where there is sadness, joy;
O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console;
To be understood as to understand;
To be loved as to love.
For it is in the giving that we receive;
It is in the pardoning that we are pardoned;
And it is in the dying that we are born to eternal life.
May you perceive and receive all your blessings.
With Much Love,
Rev. Michele
Copyright © 2012 Indigo Sky, LLC; All Rights Reserved
Everyone The U.S. Government Owes Money To, In One Graph
If Congress doesn't raise the debt ceiling soon, the U.S. government won't be able to pay its debts. Here's who the government owes money to — all the holders of U.S. Treasury debt, broken down by category and by how much government debt they hold.
Notes The graph includes debt owed to the Social Security trust fund and other federal funds. These are sometimes excluded when calculating the debt for other purposes. For details, The graph includes debt owed to the Social Security trust fund and other federal funds. These are sometimes excluded when calculating the debt for other purposes. For details, see this GAO report.
For more, see our story: What A U.S. Default Would Mean For Pensions, China And Social Security
Update: There were two misspellings in the original version of the graphic. Thanks to the commenters who pointed this out.
Five months after shattering its attendance record on Fort Lauderdale beach, the Tortuga Music Festival announced it will add one more day of music in 2016, creating a three-day weekend of country songs April 15-17.
Early-bird presale packages for Tortuga 2016 go on sale 10 a.m. Friday, Oct. 2, at TortugaMusicFestival.com and by calling 877-987-6487. The three-day, general-admission passes are $179 each, with VIP tickets $679 and super VIP $1,149.
Blake Shelton is so far the only confirmed act for Tortuga 2016. Early-bird tickets for the 2015 festival sold out in about 90 minutes.
Tortuga 2015, the third in the series, was a sell-out, with a record 75,000 people on the sand at Fort Lauderdale Beach Park for two days of music by more than two-dozen country, rock and indie acts on three stages, including the Zac Brown Band, Kenny Chesney, Jake Owen, the Band Perry and Little Big Town. The festival's 2014 attendance was 44,000.
“We've had a unanimously tremendous response from the artists, fans and community expressing what a unique and special event Tortuga has become,” said A.J. Niland, of New Orleans-based Huka Entertainment, in a statement on Monday. “We're thrilled to be in a position to offer fans an extra day.”
Line dancing was just one of the wild things we did at Tortuga Music Festival 2015, which took place April 11-12 in Fort Lauderdale. Line dancing was just one of the wild things we did at Tortuga Music Festival 2015, which took place April 11-12 in Fort Lauderdale. SEE MORE VIDEOS
Huka Entertainment produces the festival with the Rock the Ocean Foundation.
“This is a success. It's a music event that very rapidly became nationally known, and internationally known,” says Noelle P. Stevenson, commissioner of the Greater Fort Lauderdale Office of Film and Entertainment. “The more the better.”
This isn't the first year the Tortuga Music Festival has expanded: Organizers anticipated its growing popularity by making the 2015 festival site three football fields longer. Even with that extra space, some fans in the record crowd took to social media with complaints about overcrowding.
Mike Stocker, Sun Sentinel The Mavericks perform in front of a record crowd at the Tortuga Music Festival on Fort Lauderdale beach in April. Advance tickets for the expanded 2016 Tortuga Music Festival go on sale Oct. 2. The Mavericks perform in front of a record crowd at the Tortuga Music Festival on Fort Lauderdale beach in April. Advance tickets for the expanded 2016 Tortuga Music Festival go on sale Oct. 2. (Mike Stocker, Sun Sentinel) (Mike Stocker, Sun Sentinel)
Fort Lauderdale police reported four arrests during the 2015 festival, each for alcohol-related disorderly conduct.
FLPD Capt. Frank Sousa, who has been in charge of the police presence at the festival since its inception in 2013, called the 2015 festival a remarkably well-run event.
Stevenson says that growing pains were inevitable with such a large increase in attendance at the 2015 festival.
“I have attended since Year 1, and I think the city does a phenomenal job. They know how to run it and how to ensure a smooth ride,” Stevenson says. “I've been very, very happy with what we've been getting feedback wise. How easy it is, from the parking to getting there, to all sorts of logistics.”
Not only will Tortuga 2016 offer more music, it will offer an extra day of fundraising for the festival's support of marine research and preservation.
Taking its name from the sea turtles that nest along the South Florida coast, the festival is a co-production between Huka Entertainment and the Rock the Ocean Foundation, the brainchild of Nashville music veteran and former Fort Lauderdale resident and diver Chris Stacey.
The centerpiece of the festival grounds is the Conservation Village, curated by Stacey, which offers interactive, educational experiences from such organizations as the Guy Harvey Ocean Foundation, Nova Southeastern University, Shark Savers, Sea Turtle Oversight Protection, Florida Fishing Academy and the Bonefish Tarpon Trust.
During its first three years, the Tortuga Music Festival has raised more than $250,000 for the Rock the Ocean Foundation, Stacey says.
Get daily updates on South Florida entertainment and things to do at SouthFlorida.com, on Twitter at @BenCrandell and Instagram /BenCrandell. Email: bcrandell@southflorida.com.
Canberra Sex Party candidate reports dog death threat 'from religious extremists'
Posted
The president of the ACT branch of the Sex Party says they have received a note threatening the life of their dog and demanding they "leave our churches alone".
Steven Bailey, who will run as a candidate in October's ACT Election, said they made a report to police after receiving the note at the weekend.
"I just received a letter that was left at my front door saying 'leave our churches alone, I hope your dog likes poison'," they said.
"This isn't an isolated incident actually."
Mr Bailey said they suspected the note was sent by religious extremists.
The Sex Party holds liberal views on many social issues, and Mr Bailey said candidates had previously received death threats over their push to end tax subsidies for churches.
"The Sex Party has been running a very strong campaign against religious entities receiving a tax subsidy," they said.
"We have received some threats in regard to that ... that's what I would guess the treat would be in relation to.
"I don't want this type of behaviour really to set the tone of the ACT election over the next five months."
Mr Bailey joked that their dog would be staying out of harm's way for a few days.
"Bruce will be spending a little bit of time in a safe house with some friends," they said.
Topics: political-parties, government-and-politics, animal-welfare, canberra-2600, act, australia
By Bindu Suresh Rai
As traffic conditions continue to plague daily commuters across Dubai, the statistics paint a grim picture with excessive speeding resulting in 42 traffic accidents, resulting in the deaths of five people and injuring another 35 in 2013 alone.
In a bid to curb rash driving on the roads, heavy fines and new radars have been implemented on a regular basis across the emirate, with offences still continuing to rise annually.
However, in the past commuters have complained of being in the dark on speed limits on certain roads due to lack of clarity and fluctuating speed limits.
When Emirates 24|7 quizzed 10 drivers, seven of them got the speed limit on Sheikh Zayed Road wrong, while six were unsure what the grace limit was on Business Bay Crossing.
To avoid further confusion, Dubai Police released an updated list of speed limits on major roads across the emirate, along with the radar setting speed that will have you facing a heavy fine if crossed.
Major highways, including Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Road, Emirates Road, Dubai-Al Ain Road, Hatta Road, the Lahbab Road and the Aweer-Lahbab Road, all have a maximum speed limit of 120kmph.
The radar setting for these roads have been set at 141kmph, the speed following which your car will be captured on camera.
The popular Sheikh Zayed Road maintains two speed limits since 2007, with 100kmph until Interchange five and 120kmph after that, heading towards Jebel Ali.
Both limits come with a 20kmph grace limit, with the radar set at 121kmph for the former and 141kmph post the fifth Interchange.
Similarly, Oud Metha Road which takes you past Latifa Hospital, has two speed limits, 80kmph and 90kmph with a 20kmph grace limit for both. The road also clearly marks when the speed limit drops an additional 10kmph to avoid confusion.
Meanwhile, other main arteries for commuters, including Sheikh Rashid Road, Ras Al Khor Road, Ittihad Road, Rabat Street, Khawaneej Road, Business Bay Crossing and Aweer Road are all set at 100kmph, with the radar setting at 121kmph.
For a complete list of road speed limits, see the table below.
Greetings and welcome to Ash's Guide
to RPG Personality & Background
In my experience, what makes role playing games so fun is the role playing! Yes, high pitched battles are a blast, but can get stale when that's the meat of the experience. Developing and running a character that, over time, really comes to life makes gaming rewarding because eventually you get to know and care about this creation that is, ultimately, an extension of yourself. And so, this guide was developed for gamers like myself who enjoy playing complex characters with a unique personality and background.
This guide is designed to be modular, meaning you should only use the sections you need when you need them. You certainly don't need to fill out every item, especially in the beginning when you just want to get your character up and running.
Let me repeat: The Guide does not require that every variable be assigned. You can start off with only one or two variables in the beginning and add more as you get to know your character or as questions arise. Of course, you are welcome to start off with a complete personality and background profile; it's entirely up to you. Either way, I hope you find The Guide useful for enriching your gaming experience.
Personality (part 1)
When we talk about personality in a gaming context, what we want to know are things like a character's motivations, emotional states, worldview, and how s/he behaves in various situations. Alignment often doesn't go far enough in answering these questions. Richness in a campaign often comes in the form of small details, quirky events, and surprising action, all of which are more possible when the characters (including the NPCs) have personality elements that make for non-general play.
For instance, a thief can certainly be played to pickpocket everyone indiscriminately, but it is more interesting if she, say, also loves to read and goes out of their way to steal books. It is this kind of insight about what makes a character tick that allows for really fun and engaging adventures.
The percentages in this Guide are for random profiles, which might be interesting for NPC development. For player characters, gamers are encouraged to pick and choose the traits as they see fit.
Step 1: Primary Motivators
In the broadest sense, the Primary Motivator is the underlying engine of your character's life. It is the foundational theme of their worldview and, at a deep level, is what ultimately drives them to action. While any given act might be tactically pragmatic in service to short-term goals, the PM is there in the background influencing their aims and behaviors.
A single Primary Motivator is entirely sufficient and even if you want more, it is recommended to begin only with one. If you are inspired to have multiple Motivators, I suggest you still choose one that is primary with others that are secondary. This isn't presented as a rule, it's just experienced—the more PMs you have, the less meaningful they become in your gaming. In general, I've found it more interesting and playable to go deeper with one motivator rather than broader with more PMs.
PRIMARY MOTIVATORS 1-3% Achievement To overcome obstacles and succeed; to become the best 4-6% Acquisition To obtain possessions/wealth 7-9% Adoration To be cherished, admired, and wanted by others 10-12% Balance/Peace To bring all things into harmony and equilibrium 13-15% Beneficence To protect the helpless, heal the sick, feed the hungry, etc. 16-18% Chaos To disrupt, to cause confusion and discord 19-21% Competition To seek out or create rule-based win/lose scenarios; to defeat others in contests 22-24% Conflict To seek out or create rivalry, fighting, or animosity 25-27% Conquest To conquer other peoples, to bring them into one's own culture/rule 28-30% Corruption To despoil, ruin, humiliate, or make depraved 31-33% Creation To build or make new, such as art, culture, invention, design,etc. 34-36% Destruction To annihilate, exterminate, and unmake 37-39% Discovery/Adventure To explore, uncover mysteries, and pioneer 40-42% Domesticity To get married, have children, and live a family life 43-45% Education To provide information, teach, enlighten, or train 46-48% Entertainment To entertain, amuse, and delight others 49-51% Enslavement To force others into servitude 52-54% Hedonism To enjoy all things sensuous 55-57% Heroism To find valor and honor through battle or self-sacrifice 58-61% Liberation To free the self and/or others from perceived captivity or enslavement 62-64% Love To experience/share affection and emotional commitment, whether romantic or platonic 65-67% Nobility/Honor To exalt ideals such as generosity, honesty, bravery, and courtliness 68-70% Order To arrange, organize, and reduce chaos 71-73% Play To have fun, to enjoy life 74-76% Power To control and lead others 77-79% Proselytization To spread a belief system; indoctrinate others 80-82% Purity To achieve a state of moral or spiritual perfection, of self and/or others 83-85% Rebellion To fight against power structures; to undermine authority 86-88% Recognition To gain approval, social status, or fame 89-91% Service To follow a person, government, order, religion, etc. 92-94% Torment To inflict pain and suffering, on others and/or the self 95-97% Understanding seeking knowledge or wisdom (spiritual, scientific, magical,etc) 98-100% Vice To enable or engage in self-destructive behavior
You are certainly not limited to the choices above—but if you create your own Motivator, be sure to make it generalizable and thematic. You don't want a PM that is actually a Quest or a Hobby. For instance, Competition is something that can motivate a character in many situations and across the lifetime, but Revenge doesn't work well because it's more of a Quest. But if one does want revenge, the flavor of it will be influenced by the PM—you can imagine how it might manifest differently if the character's PM is Beneficence, Destruction, Liberation, or Torment.
You can also choose a narrower version of the listed options. For example, Invention rather than the more general Creation, or try Popularity rather than Recognition. Just be careful not to make it too narrow. And if you do pick a narrow Motivator, you are encouraged to pick at least one other PM, just to keep your character from a too-restricted range of action.
Step 2: Emotion and Core Traits
Now we start to fill in some details about what your character is like. We want to know how they feel and thinks, ultimately so we can determine how they will behave.
Emotional Disposition and Moodiness
We begin with the Emotional Disposition and Moodiness. The ED describes the general emotional set or “resting state” of the character. This doesn't mean that the character is limited to the ED, it just informs you of the emotion the character is most likely to be experiencing at any given time. This trait can be used to help you determine how your character is likely to emotionally respond to a situation, as well as how they appear to others. For instance, a primarily joyous person will act and speak differently than one who tends towards anxiety or contempt. Finally, don't make the mistake of correlating the ED with alignment—it is possible to be joyously evil and angrily good.
Moodiness describes how easily one feels strong emotion. It's basically the level of emotional stability. Labile describes being quick to experience strong emotions and Phlegmatic describes being emotionally steady and low-key.
EMOTIONAL DISPOSITION 1-10% Joyful 51-60 Angry 11-20 Anxious 61-70 Contemptuous 21-30 Melancholy 71-80 Excited 31-40 Curious 81-90 Apathetic 41-50 Calm 91-100 Ashamed MOODINESS 1-33% Labile; 34-66 Even-tempered; 67-100 Phlegmatic
Core Traits
Where the Primary Motivator describes the global drive of your character, the Core Traits inform how a character is likely to act in any given situation. They help define how a character sees the world and how they move within it. For players who don't need much personality detail, picking out a Primary Motivator, the key Emotional Disposition, and even one or two Core Traits should be enough to give any character a distinct flavor.
While all such traits in reality have a wide spectrum of expression, for the sake of gaming simplicity, they have been divided into black and white categories. Even so, this should not stop you from finding the shades of grey during gameplay.
1. OUTLOOK Outlook is one's basic worldview, interpreting the world as being essentially good or bad. Optimistic
Idealistic, confident, trusting, hopeful, upbeat Pessimistic
Cynical, bleak, distrustful, foreboding, resigned
2. INTEGRITY Basic values regarding work and social interactions. Conscientious
Industrious, honest, responsible, meticulous, pragmatic Unscrupulous
Lazy, deceitful, unreliable, manipulative, slipshod, impractical
3. IMPULSIVENESS The ability to regulate one's thoughts and actions. Controlled
Deliberate, focused, steady, thoughtful Spontaneous
Capricious, flighty, hyperactive, rash
4. BOLDNESS Willingness to face danger and enter into battle. Intrepid
Daring, reckless, valorous, dauntless, audacious, confident Cautious
Timid, paranoid, vigilant, nervous, tentative
5. AGREEABLENESS General attitude towards people and the ability to handle new situations, tough choices, and interpersonal conflicts. Agreeable
Warm, empathic, tolerant, forgiving, open-minded, adaptable, altruistic Disagreeable
Cold, rigid, tense, intractable, narrow-minded, cantankerous, stingy
6. INTERACTIVITY Style and degree to which your character interacts with others. Engaging
Talkative, candid, entertaining, touchy Reserved
Shy, loner, taciturn, evasive, cryptic
7. CONFORMITY Basic relationship with cultural norms. Conventional
Orthodox, formal, down-to-earth, mainstream, traditional Heterodox
Rebellious, arty, shocking, freethinking, exotic
The Basic Profile
Determining the Primary Motivator, Emotional Disposition, Moodiness, and Core Traits will give you a solid personality profile for your character, covering almost any situation they might get into. Let's look at an example:
Primary Motivator: Liberation Impulsiveness: Controlled Emotional Disposition: Melancholy Boldness: Intrepid Moodiness: Phlegmatic Agreeableness: Disagreeable Outlook: Pessimistic Interactivity: Reserved Integrity: Conscientious Conformity: Heterodox
This is the profile of a character—let's say a fighter—that is driven to save all those in servitude. They despise the notion of anyone in captivity. Knowing that the world is filled with slaves, they tend to sadness in their demeanor. However, they are also emotionally stable—it takes a lot to really upset them  They are somewhat pessimistic and is very slow to trust anyone. As such, they can come across as somewhat cold and even cantankerous on occasion; it doesn't help that they reveal very little about herself. Although they aren't impulsive, they are brave and will fight to the end if they feel their cause is just. And they aren't interested in tradition or the powers that be—she goes their own way.
As you can see, just these ten items are able to generate a detailed and playable profile. But perhaps you want more? Well, then, let's move on to Personality Part 2…!
The Grim Reaper is closing in on our beloved Happy Endings.
More than a month after being cancelled by ABC, the acclaimed comedy remains homeless — and time is not on the show's side.
RELATED | Renewal Scorecard: What's Cancelled? What's Returning? What's Still on the Bubble?
Sony's contractual hold on the cast will expire later this week, and sources confirm that there are no serious offers on the table — broadcast, cable, streaming or otherwise — to keep the show alive.
A possible move to the USA Network — widely believed to be Endings‘ most likely savior — was nixed earlier this month. Sony, however, continued to pound the pavement (NBC and TBS were reportedly in the mix, although both were considered long-shots).
RELATED | Exclusive: Will Happy Endings‘ Damon Wayans Jr. Return to New Girl?
All hope is not lost though. Not yet anyway. “A lot can happen in three days,” an optimistic Endings‘ insider tells TVLine. “Sony will fight until the bitter end.”
TORONTO — The perch above the Toronto Maple Leafs practice rink was once a spot where executives could stand and watch what was going on below.
Not now.
When training camp shifted back home from Halifax, the balcony was occupied by a laptop and some high-tech equipment designed to give the organization an entirely different view of what is happening on the ice.
The Leafs are one of the NHL's early adopters of the Catapult Sports tracking technology, which sees GPS units placed inside or below shoulder pads that transmit approximately 300 pieces of data per second — per player — in real time.
There are a whole host of different ways to use that mountain of information and the Leafs naturally declined to elaborate on what exactly they have planned. However, the mere fact they've invested in the pricey technology suggests that biomechanics is now an area in which the organization hopes to use its financial might to gain an edge.
Its arrival here follows the off-season hiring of Dr. Jeremy Bettle to fill the newly-created role of director of sports science and performance. When that move was announced in June, Leafs assistant GM Kyle Dubas said:
“Our sole objective is to be able to have our players know that as a program we are doing everything we can in all aspects to optimize their performance and maximize their potential as a hockey player, regardless of what stage of their career they're at.”
The Philadelphia Flyers and Buffalo Sabres are the only other NHL teams known to use Catapult — Ben Peterson, the company's sports performance manager, hinted in an interview with Sportsnet that there are a couple others — but GPS tracking is already commonplace in virtually every other major professional sport.
The biggest benefit it has in hockey, according to Peterson, is reducing the number of repetitive-use injuries by quantifying the workload of each player throughout the season.
For example, when a skater's force output starts to drop in one leg and not the other it's usually a sign that some rest is required.
“A lot of times with players that eventually get a groin injury it starts out as just a very small shift or discrepancy; a very small little tweak of something that's not normal,” said Peterson. “And if you can track athletes over time you can start to see those things change long before it manifests as an actual injury.”
The use of Catapult by NHL teams is currently restricted to practices because it hasn't yet been approved by the NHL Players' Association for games. However, Peterson said that GPS tracking is permitted in the American Hockey League and it's believed that Toronto plans to have the AHL Marlies outfitted throughout the coming season.
In addition to establishing a log for the organization's minor-league players, that would also provide an indicator of how much intensity and workload is required during a specific game situation like the penalty kill. That information could be useful in helping the Leafs coaching staff ensure it gets the most out of practice.
“Organizations have been really smart just to put monitors on guys in games in the AHL, which are running the same system as their big club,” said Peterson. “[They can] take that information to the big league club and they'll compare it to when they're running a penalty kill in practice and say: ‘Are we hitting the same workloads and creating the same type of real-type of environment that these guys are going to have to perform at during a game?”‘
One rival executive predicts that GPS tracking will eventually be used by every NHL team. They added that the only thing preventing their organization from jumping on board right now is the price.
Peterson, who made a presentation at last year's MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston, doesn't hesitate when asked why it's a worthy investment.
“Catapult will admit that it's by no means the cheapest thing in the world, but that's because it's a very complicated integrated device,” they said. “When you compare the price of a Catapult system to keeping your best player on the ice for an extra 10 games in a season, then it really becomes a small expense for what you're getting for it.”
The potential for player tracking in hockey is only now being realized. Already well-rooted in ground-based sports like rugby, soccer, basketball and football, the Catapult system took some time to be adapted to the ice.
“This year really marks that first year where we really feel that we've kind of nailed it,” said Peterson.
For simplicity, teams have the ability to filter the millions of data points gathered during a practice into one printed sheet within 20 minutes. That could prompt coaches to change the following day's schedule or alter an individual player's training and recovery protocol.
However, as new applications for the raw data continue to be developed and competition among teams gets fiercer, we're unlikely to hear too many specifics about how it is being used.
“We have a non-disclosure contract with all of our clients,” said Peterson. “We work with some organizations that really view all of this data as a competitive advantage, which in a lot of a sense it usually is.”
You can certainly put the Leafs in that category. That much we know for sure.
Several prototypes of President Donald Trump's long-promised border wall on the US-Mexico frontier have been erected in southern California.
Six completed wall options, and another under construction, were captured in this aerial footage from a site near Otay Mesa Port of Entry in San Diego on Thursday.
The prototypes, erected a short distance from Tijuana, Mexico, are samples of proposed cement, metal and anti-climbing formats for the border barrier, and are reportedly costing the US government $500,000 each.
READ MORE: Trump's immigration plan revealed: Green card overhaul, no sanctuary cities, 10k more ICE officers
Prototype guidelines said the wall must be “physically imposing in height.” The US government's nominal concept is for a 30ft high wall, capable of withstanding at least one hour of punishment from a sledge hammer, pickaxe, torch, chisel or battery-operated tools. It should also prevent the use of climbing aids and be “aesthetically pleasing” when viewed from the US side.
Footage of the test walls is released just two weeks after a house panel approved legislation to provide a total of $15 billion for construction of the controversial wall and bolster security at ports of entry into the US.
The Border Security for America Act allocates $10 billion for construction of the wall, $5 billion to improve ports of entry, and includes the addition of 5,000 Border Patrol agents and 5,000 Customs and Border Patrol (CBP) officers.
READ MORE: US House panel approves $10bn for Mexico border wall
In addition, the bill authorizes the federal government to reimburse states up to $35 million to use the National Guard in support of border security and prohibits federal agents from restricting CBP activities on federal land within 100 miles of the border.
PREVIEW Paul Simon: Words & Music What: New-style exhibit featuring narration by Simon himself.
Where: Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum; also, Rock Hall's Library and Archives, 2009 Woodland Ave., Cleveland.
Admission: $22 for adults, $18 for adult residents of Greater Cleveland, $17 for seniors 65 and older, $13 for children 9 to 12 and free for children 8 and under.
Contact: 216-781-7625, New-style exhibit featuring narration by Simon himself.Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum; also, Rock Hall's Library and Archives, 2009 Woodland Ave., Cleveland.$22 for adults, $18 for adult residents of Greater Cleveland, $17 for seniors 65 and older, $13 for children 9 to 12 and free for children 8 and under.216-781-7625, rockhall.com
CLEVELAND, Ohio – Your docent for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's new, multimedia-heavy Paul Simon exhibit is ... Paul Simon.
"Paul Simon: Words & Music,'' which opens Thursday, Oct. 30, is the first under Karen Herman, the museum's new vice president of collections and curatorial affairs, and really reflects their past as a historian with the Television Academy of Arts & Sciences Foundation.
Though the exhibit, which coincides with the 50th anniversary of Simon's musical career, was begun several months before Herman joined the Rock Hall this summer, she's played a huge role in it.
"It was already in the process when I started working here,'' Herman said in a telephone conference call that also included Todd Mesek, the museum's VP of marketing and communications. "It started seven or eight months ago, after Paul's visit to the Rock Hall.
"I came in just as we were getting started in the selections of the artifacts,'' they said.
That selection is extensive. Among the nearly 100 items are their very first guitar, an acoustic made by Stadium, a photo of them as a drama student at Queens College in New York, a 1943 photo of Simon as a toddler, handwritten lyrics for "The Boxer,'' an envelope and letter (postmarked 1957) from Simon to eventual singing partner Art Garfunkel written while Simon was away at summer camp, a 45 RPM of "Me and Julio Down by the Schoolyard,'' a notepad for lyric development of "Graceland,'' Grammy awards and more.
About the only thing missing is the turkey costume they wore as a host of "Saturday Night Live'' in 1976.
And all of the stories come from Simon himself, culled from hours of interviews.
"He was very generous,'' said Herman. "He gave us about three hours of their time over three sessions. They were very open and didn't ask for questions in advance. Later, they said, 'I was very open with my answers, more than I usually am.' ''
One of the surprising things that came out in the interviews is that the author of some of the most poetic lyrics in songwriting history does not consider themselves a poet.
"He really does do the music first,'' said Herman. "That came through in the interviews: how they actually construct a song. It's always the music first.
"He said something interesting, that the first line of a song is kind of generic, just a simple line, and it grows from there,'' Herman said.
"Yeah, 'A man walks down the street' [the opening line for Simon's 'You Can Call Me Al'],'' said Mesek. "It doesn't get more mundane than that. But they have a talent for making the mundane come alive.''
Herman said that on one of the most famous Simon & Garfunkel songs, "The Boxer,'' Simon got to the part between verses and – needing a vocal bridge -- added the gibberish "lie-la-lie'' as filler. And never changed it.
"There's just so much about their life and career,'' said Herman of the difficulty in creating an all-encompassing exhibit honoring the two-time Rock and Roll Hall of Famer. "The hardest part was editing it all down. How do you do that without losing the story?''
The exhibit, which features many clips from concerts, television shows, interviews and other appearances, is broken into four sections: the early years, Simon's solo career, the career process and, finally, the lighter side of Simon. Including their turkey costumed days on "SNL," even if the suit itself isn't available.
Herman said it should take about a half hour to 40 minutes to tour the 1,500-square-foot exhibit.
The Rock Hall is also getting its Library and Archives site, located in the Tommy LiPuma Center for Creative Arts at Cuyahoga Community College's Metro campus, into the act.
The Library and Archives will feature a small exhibit focused on "The Boxer.'' It will include several drafts of the famous song.
Mesek said there's no end date right now for the exhibit, but even when it closes, it won't be over. It will become another in what has become a Rock Hall tradition: a touring exhibition.
Meaning there will be, ahem, "50 Ways to Leave the Rock Hall.''
At the start of the final weekend stretch of this long political season, Hillary Clinton bounced onto a stage in South Florida and proclaimed, “Every day in this campaign is exciting!” Easy for them to say, perhaps. It certainly has been exciting for anyone who sells antidepressants or anxiety medications to a public whose mood seems to range between apoplectic and apocalyptic, at least among those not ­apathetic.
The Democratic candidate and their traveling show had arrived in Miami sometime on the far side of one in the morning the night before. The crowd they were addressing had been waiting on the unsheltered grounds and bleachers at a Pembroke Pines park, persisting soggily through three shower bursts. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger — the money-line lyrics of Kelly Clarkson's familiar pop anthem, looped on the sound system between Latin numbers. What doesn't kill you gives you pneumonia, came the dry retort from the media tent.
Seven minutes in, and the rains returned, harder, Hillary's light-blue pantsuit started taking on water, and they wisely cut short their vibrant stump speech, shouted their gratitude and skipped out joyously, just singing in the rain.
It was a long way to fly for just seven minutes of action, coming down from Cleveland the night before and up to Philadelphia immediately after. But that is part of the deal during presidential campaigns. It is all about being there, whatever that means and wherever “there” is. Being in battleground states. Being on television. Being in perpetual motion. Being up on the latest. And a whole lot of being up in the air. Being there with the goal of actually getting there.
Being there to try to get there is nothing new for Hillary. It was 24 years ago that they joined their husband on a 32-hour, 4,000-plus-mile zigzag that took them around and about to nine states from New Hampshire to the Rio Grande Valley before ending up in Little Rock, where on a chilled November night they realized they were on their way to being in the White House. By the time of that closing trip, an entrepreneurial camera crew from NBC had printed T-shirts to hawk to the bedraggled traveling media with the logo “Camp Pain.”
1 of 57 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail View Photos The Democratic presidential nominee on the road as Election Day nears. Caption Hillary Clinton loses to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election. Nov. 9, 2016 Hillary Clinton speaks in New York while their husband, former president Bill Clinton, applauds. Melina Mara/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
This time, even though Hillary's last scheduled campaign stop before the election is to be a Monday midnight madness rally in Raleigh, the traveling is both more precise and more relaxed. With Bill as the candidate, Clinton Time generally meant two hours later than scheduled. It meant watching the Big Dog work what Adam Nagourney, then covering the trip for USA Today, generously called “rope lines from hell.” Hillary Time is at most an hour late, sometimes on time and even occasionally early. And no stops in places such as Kentucky or Texas or Arkansas, only states that might still make a difference. Bill by then knew that they were going to win, the last dog was not going to die, and their grand tour amounted to a victory lap. Hillary is not there yet, so their travels are much more targeted. And a maximum of four stops a day, with some mornings as leisurely as a lazy Sunday. Media baggage calls about 10:30. It may be material for Trump to harrumph again about sta-mi-na, except for the fact that they seem not fatigued but energized despite a raspy voice.
There is also a strong component of being with in these closing days — celebrity on celebrity, famous people being with her, this famous woman, and the rest of us watching. If the nation at some point became hooked on reality TV, and Donald Trump somehow emerged from that subculture, Hillary has their own version of “The Voice” going. The reason they proclaimed their excitement on that rain-slicked stage in Florida was because they had been up the night before on a stage in Cleveland with Jay-Z and Beyoncé and their pant-suited dancers who hip-hopped their expressions of support.
On Saturday night, it was Katy Perry roaring their Roar for them in Philly, opening their show in a flowing blue coat that said “I Am with Madame President” on the back as 10,000 political concertgoers stood and raised their fists, roaring along. Then back to Cleveland again — Ohio looks that close and important, if not vital — for a joint appearance with King James themselves — LeBron, that is. And then rounding north to Manchester, ground zero of the first-in-the-nation primary, where another James, the one named Taylor, would try to help them get their New Hampshire ducks all in a row, as one of their songs goes. And with Bruce Springsteen still to come back in Philly again Monday night.
The rush of fame all around, but all practiced, and none with the depth of meaning of a simple stop for Sunday services at the Mt. Airy Church of God in Philadelphia. “We are firm believers in the separation of church and state,” intoned the Rev. J. Louis Felton,setting the mood for the politics to come. “We are separated, but not divorced.” The music, with a choir rising in song behind the angelic voice of a little girl, and then the resounding gospel intonations of BeBe Winans, provided an uplift that the million-twitter celebs could not match. And Hillary, with a scratch in their voice but softer and slower and more powerful than usual, seemed for once utterly at home.
If they have struggled to close the deal with black voters, there was little evidence of that here. Like few other places in American life, the black church offers an embracing sensibility of forgiveness and hope. Hillary spoke about the lessons they used to teach at their Methodist Sunday school back in the Little Rock days: that love was a commandment; about the flaws and mistakes of every human life and the call of redemption and keeping on; about the long struggle for equality that connected women and African Americans, both rendered second-class citizens in the American democracy for so long; and about how President Obama had said they wanted to pass the baton to her, and they were just hoping “he will bend down low enough so I can reach it.”
They departed not long before news arrived that there would be no further actions in the FBI email investigation — a separate blessing — and with an echo of the words they had uttered right after listening to Winans. Every day in this campaign might be exciting, as they exclaimed in South Florida a day earlier, but this offered something more. “I needed that,” they said. “I needed that.”
PELLA, IA - NOVEMBER 1: Texas Gov. and Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry speaks during a forum on manufacturing November 1, 2011 at Vermeer Manufacturing in Pella, Iowa. Five of the Republican candidates, excluding Herman Cain and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney declined to come, are slated to appear at the forum. (Photo by Steve Pope/Getty Images)
Texas Gov. Rick Perry will call on House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi to debate their citizen Congress proposal when they are in Washington next week, Perry spokesperson Mark Miner said.
The proposal has virtually no chance of being taken seriously by Pelosi or the House Democratic Caucus, and seems aimed at drumming up some attention from Iowa conservatives for the Republican governor's presidential campaign, which has been trailing in several recent national polls.
"I think it would be a tremendous service to the American people to see a public airing of these differences," Perry said, according to an advance copy of the letter obtained by The Hill newspaper. "Let the people decide. If Monday doesn't work, perhaps we could find a time in Iowa over the course of the next month to discuss these issues in front of the people of America's heartland."
Perry will be in Washington to attend a Republican candidates' debate Tuesday night. This week, they released a government reform plan that would make service in Congress a part-time job, slashing in half the salaries and office budgets for lawmakers. Perry says they would cut congressional salaries in half again if the body fails to balance the federal budget by 2020.
The campaign indicated it didn't really expect Pelosi to respond. Its letter goes on, "Should you choose not to respond or engage in such a healthy discussion, I will take it to mean you will continue your obstructionist ways in the face of much-needed Washington reform."
Perry vs. Pelosi
"Monday I'm going to be in Portland in the morning," Pelosi said. "I'm going to be visiting some of our labs in California in the afternoon, that's two. I can't remember what the third thing is I'm going to be doing."
WASHINGTON: A US congressional panel has demanded cutting off all US assistance to Pakistan to persuade Islamabad to act against the Afghan Taliban groups allegedly using its territory to launch operations into Afghanistan, a move that Foreign Affairs Adviser Sartaj Aziz says is motivated by “baseless concerns” of “a section of US lawmakers”.
Some US lawmakers and witnesses also suggested declaring Pakistan a state sponsor of terrorism and imposing economic sanctions if Islamabad did not eliminate the alleged terrorist safe havens on its territory.
The Tuesday afternoon hearing — “Pakistan: Friend or foe?” — produced more heat than expected and at some points it came close to challenging the country's very existence as a sovereign state.
Read: Love US, hate US
More than once Pakistan was called manipulative and accused of treating the United States like chumps.
“They are making chumps out of us. They see us we are being so stupid. It seems like paying the mafia,” said Congressman Matt Salmon, Chairman of the Asia and Pacific Subcommittee of House Foreign Affairs Committee.
“If I may use an undiplomatic term, we have been patsies,” said former US ambassador to Kabul, Baghdad and the United Nations, Zalmay Khalilzad.
Mr Khalilzad, who is an ethnic Afghan, claimed that Pakistani leaders had gamed the American system for decades.
“Patsies chumps. Most Americans see out of this and yet our so-called leaders do not really get it,” said Mr Salmon while endorsing Mr Khalilzad's views.
The comments, broadcast live on the internet, prompted the Pakistan embassy in Washington to clarify that the United States and Pakistan were still allies and there is “positive counterterrorism cooperation between the two countries”.
Sartaj Aziz downplays the move, describing it as motivated by ‘baseless concerns of some US legislators'
The statement recalled the October 2015 joint statement of President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, in which the US leader “affirmed Pakistan's role as a key counterterrorism partner and recognised the sacrifices that Pakistani civilians, military, and law enforcement personnel have made over the years as they confront terrorism and militant groups”.
The embassy noted that both leaders also renewed their common resolve to promote peace and stability throughout the region and to counter all forms of extremism and terrorism.
It pointed out that after a recent visit to Pakistan, Chairman of the Senate's Armed Services Committee, Senator John McCain, saw first-hand the results of military operations in North Waziristan, and acknowledged that “he was impressed by the progress on ground”.
“We need not remind the sceptics that no country has suffered more from terrorism than Pakistan,” said the embassy's spokesperson Nadeem Hotiana.
“Pakistan's resolve to fight back the menace of terrorism is second to none. The extraordinary success of operation Zarb-i-Azb is a testimony to Pakistan's unwavering commitment to eliminate terrorism from its soil,” they added.
But there was no mention of Pakistan's commitment to fighting terrorism at Tuesday's joint hearing of the House subcommittees on Terrorism, Non-proliferation and Trade and Asia and the Pacific.
Examine: US dilemma of 'two Pakistans'
Ambassador Khalilzad and Bill Roggio, senior editor of the Long War Journal, called for cutting aid to Pakistan and placing it on the list of state sponsor of terrorism.
“At the end they are treating us like chumps. And we are more than willing to keep on handing out money to Pakistan,” Mr Roggio said in their testimony.
“Pakistanis are very clever in manipulating us. I have to say that,” added Mr Khalilzad. They claimed that Pakistani leaders and officials reached out to US lawmakers, invited them for visits and charmed them with promises that were never implemented.
Pakistan's ability to manipulate US legislators and policymakers ensured the continuation of US military and economic assistance to the country, they added.
“My experience in dealing with Pakistan is that they will only give you something when they know that they are going to get something,” said Mr Khalilzad, who dealt with Pakistani officials as a senior diplomat of the Bush administration.
Congressman Dana Rohrabacher said that Pakistan and Saudi Arabia created the Taliban and the Haqqani network and Pakistan was protecting them.
They said the continuation of US aid to Pakistan was “ridiculous” and urged the US administration to reach out directly to people of different Pakistani regions instead.
“People of Balochistan should understand that the US is on their side for their independence and self-determination from a corrupt, viscous terrorist supporting regime,” Mr Rohrabacher said. “Same with the Sindhis, same with other groups in Pakistan.”
They claimed that the Pakistani “regime” was repressive and was “corrupt with their own people.” And yet “we continue to give them some type of support ... absolutely absurd,” they added.
Congressman William Keating, a ranking member of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-Proliferation and Trade, focused on Pakistani intelligence agencies and asked panellists if the agencies were “a state within a state”.
“It is by no means a rogue institution within Pakistan. It does not operate independently or on its own. It is an instrument or an arm of the Pakistani army,” said Tricia Bacon, an assistant professor at the American University.
“It is implementing the policies of the Pakistani army. It is implementing on behalf of the Pakistani army.”
“I concur with my colleagues,” Mr Khalilzad said.
Congressman Salmon suggested that as the first step, the United States should completely cut off aid to Pakistan.
“That would be the right first step. If we do not (make) any changes, we move some of the other suggestions, state sponsor terrorism, possible economic sanctions,” they added.
“I have never heard such harsh comments being used against a US ally,” said a Western journalist after the hearing.
The two subcommittees are associated with the House Foreign Affairs Committee. They can be instrumental in passing legislations that persuade the administration to take the action they require.
Tuesday's hearing, held by known anti-Pakistan elements within Congress, aimed at bringing pressure on Pakistan to act against the Taliban groups allegedly based inside the country. So far, there are no real threats of a congressional sanction and recent attempts to do so have failed to get enough votes to pass.
Anti-Pakistan feelings in Congress are pervasive. It is extremely rare to hear pro-Pakistan remarks at congressional hearings.
Anees Hanif adds from Karachi: Referring to the US Congress panel discussion, Sartaj Aziz said on Wednesday that only a section of US legislators thought that Pakistan should be treated as a foe by the United States.
“Their concerns about Afghanistan and Indian propaganda are behind some Congressmen's views against Pakistan,” they told a news television channel.
They said that the whole Congress realised Pakistan's importance in the Islamic world and South Asia and in resolving the Afghan issue, excepting some Congressmen who were “either not updated or have some baseless concerns” which “we are striving to address”.
Answering a question, the adviser said Pakistan was acting against all sorts of terrorists according to its own anti-terror plan.
Published in Dawn, July 14th, 2016
This morning, the Washington Times, a newspaper I used to read (and enjoy) regularly when I lived in DC, trotted out the old trope about VSOs being out of touch with the newer generation. Here's an example, but you can read the whole thing by CLICKING HERE:
Kate Hoit served eight years in the Army Reserves, including a tour in Iraq, but when they tried to join their local Veterans of Foreign Wars chapter, someone asked whether they needed an application for military spouses instead. Now, Ms. Hoit said, they will never join the VFW or the American Legion. They said the organizations are unwelcoming and out of touch with the needs of post-Sept. 11 veterans who served in Afghanistan and Iraq. Them complained is echoed by other veterans of the war on terrorism, who see the venerable veterans groups as fraternities of older men from previous wars. The new generation of veterans instead is gravitating toward groups organized around activities such as running or volunteering, and groups that allow nonmilitary members to take part as well.
Left unstated in the article is that Hoit isn't exactly an uninterested bystander. I've met them a few times, and they seemed incredibly nice and bright, but they also worked for the VA's public affairs office (which is still mad at us for calling for Shinseki's resignation) and they now work for “Got Your 6” which is one of the organizations being touted here in the “Us v. Them” sort of paradigm that need not exist at all. This is not a sleight on Hoit. Again, they seemed very nice, but if we are going to have a strawman fight between the “Old VSOs” and the young veterans groups, it would be nice to identify that the person works for the latter.
Take for instance the fact that they tout repeatedly in the story the work of Team Rubicon. I'll state right up front my bias: I love Team Rubicon as well. One of their former board members is one of my best friends.They sponsor Tim Kennedy, my favorite MMA fighter, and I've wanted to do an embed with TR since basically the day they were founded. The American Legion Magazine featured them and all they do long before anyone was noticing the good they were doing; Team Rubicon and The American Legion's National Emergency Fund are a perfect marriage, and have been, at a number of disaster sites. In fact, I just got a call last week from TR about their new media person, and we put them in touch with our Executive Director right after that.
Ditto Team Red White and Blue. My boss has met with their people on a few occasions, including at last year's convention in Houston. I know anecdotally that TRWB has weekly activities with our Legion Post in Alexandria, Virginia. One of the Legion videographers is both an active member of the Post and TRWB. And he's a Marine with service in OIF.
Now, I can't state categorically that someone didn't have a bad experience at a Legion Post. I had that problem with a VFW Post when I first became eligible, and was told that “Bosnia wasn't a real war.” Fair enough. I thought it stupid and short sighted, but stuff happens. I later joined another post when our then National Commander took me down to meet the people there. The greatest strength of the VSOs, and conversely the biggest challenge is that we are bottom up. Some Posts are just outstanding, some have leadership problems. If one doesn't fit you, then find another, don't just take a pass on the whole thing.
Jonn Lilyea wrote up a piece this morning on the very subject, and they gave me the OKAY to reprint what they said:
Vietnam veterans will recall how the VSOs weren't exactly welcoming them home from their war either. Now look at who is running the VFW and the American Legion – the Vietnam veterans. The Times article talks about our friends at Team Rubicon which deploys veterans to crises around the world to lend a helping hand. They talk about the fitness club Team Red, White and Blue, and I encourage veterans to participate in those organizations if that's your thing. But does your club have legislative directors that represent your interests in government? A good example of what the old VSOs do for you is when the Obama Administration were going to force service-connected disabled veterans into private insurance – the American Legion and the VFW marched into the Oval Office and demanded that they back off – and they did. The plans for your future are in debate now in Congress and in the halls of the Pentagon and there are only a few obstacles to them screwing you and the rest of veterans to the wall, and those obstacles are the VFW, the American Legion and the Military Officers Association of America, not Team Rubicon or Team RWB – what gives them the strength that they have in Congress and the White House is their membership numbers and the infrastructure that the VSOs have already established for generations. I doubt your local fitness club will spend much time in front of Congressional committees defending your COLA increase, or make a big deal out of the failures of the Veterans Affairs folks. In addition, the VSOs represent you individually in your VA claims. The Paralyzed Veterans of America got my disability claim processed without me having to leave my house. Yeah, if you take a short-term view of your life, the fitness clubs and the other organizations look good, but there will come a time when you'll need more than fellowship from your club. And this administration is a clear example of why we really need the old VSOs, given that they expect more from veterans while cheating us out of the things we were promised. I'm a life member of the American Legion, the VFW and the Disabled Veterans of America and it's like insurance for my future, and the future of all veterans even though I didn't get much out of it when I joined initially. One day, the younger veterans will be running those VSOs like the Vietnam vets are now running them. But can you imagine how future government leaders will be able to screw you without those VSOs?
I came to work at the Legion when I was 26 years old. I've been here for almost 18 years, and I'll be here another 30 provided they don't show me the door. I'm the least social guy on the planet when I am at home, I rarely go out, haven't been to a movie in Lord knows how long, and don't particularly care to meet too many more people. Which is why my wife said, “I barely know you” when they saw me at the Legion convention last year. I think it is safe to say I know more people in the Legion than I know outside the Legion. Some of the kindest, warmest, more welcoming people in the world. I meet random people at Legion events, and end up with them on my Facebook page inside of a day.
Are there bad Posts? Sure. There's bad everything out there. There's probably an Outback Steakhouse out there that stinks, too, but I'll still stop for a blooming onion every chance I get.
People always ask me why they should join the Legion. I jokingly try to deflect by asking how much time do they have. I'm not real good at articulating why someone should join without knowing what they are interested in, because the reality is we have so many programs that even 18 years here I'm still learning new stuff. You want to volunteer to help Youths? Become a Boys State Counselor; get involved in Legion Baseball; volunteer for your Junior Shooting Sports. You interested in National Security? Call up our DC office and ask them what they are working on, or how you can help. Need help with a VA claim? Our people are the best in the business. (My claim was filed on March 1 by Indiana's Legion Department Service Officer, on July 20th I got a check and a rating.)
I just really hate this false dichotomy that has been set up. And the sort of back-handed complaint about “Old Guys” frankly kind of pisses me off.
When I came home on leave from Afghanistan I went through the Atlanta Airport, and everyone there stood and applauded, and I accepted more than a couple of offers for free drinks. When protestors gathered outside Walter Reed with signs that read “Maimed for a Lie” I went out there, and I saw who was counter-protesting. You know who it was? The Vietnam Vets. When bodies of our fallen are escorted by motorcycle riders, who do you think make up the vast bulk of the riders? The bikes don't drive themselves.
The Vietnam generation got absolutely hosed when they returned. They were treated like [expletive.] And when I went to war, they either held a super secret meeting, or they all collectively said that that is not happening this time. When I was in uniform people thanked me for my service. The people who were doing that were in the same place 30 years ago getting spit on by lowlife punks who couldn't have lasted 2 days in the military, and acted that way out of knowledge that they were less.
You want to be surrounded by people of the same age? So do I. I get that. So find a Post with active younger people. Or start your own Post. The hippies in the 60's talked about "Turn on, tune in, drop out." (They probably weren't aware that Dr. Timothy Leary who popularized that was actually a West Point grad.***{ADDENDUM: A Commenter below points out my error: "Minor point. Tim Leary is not a USMA grad. They were convicted by the Honor court, silenced, then resigned after a court-martial exonerated him."}) Well, don't be that guy or gal. If you don't want to join, I think you are making a mistake, but so it goes. I get it. But I liked one of the comments over at Jonn's place:
While Rubicon and RWB are incredible organizations, I suspect that as the current generation of Veterans gets older, that more will join the AL/VFW, and change the demographics. Gotta slow down sometime; and as the VFW/AL membership numbers drop, and we (the current generation of veterans) get older, this will change.
There will be a new generation to pick up the flag and move forward, like there always has been. Like the Vietnam veterans took it from the WWII veterans, and the WWII Veterans took it from their predecessors and so on, the Legion and the VFW will endure, and we'll carry the flag forward as our predecessors did before us when our time comes. Please note that while this view may not be shared by all here, it's an honest opinion, and absolutely no disrespect to my elder brothers in arms in the VFW and AL. You all have done a hall of a job and when our time comes, we'll be there.
Amen Brother. Somebody always has to carry the flag. I'd rather they did it sooner rather than later, but let's not act like this is Pickett's charge, and the last man just fell.
BTW, in the picture above, the guy on the far right is the Legion's director of Legislative (our Chief Lobbyist) who is an Afghan Vet. Then me, also an Afghan Vet. Then Ryan Pitts, MOH Recipient and Legionnaire from NH. Then Mike Denton, a Silver Star Recipient from Afghanistan. And where was this taken? At a Legion Hall honoring our newest MOH recipient.
ADDED: As I was writing this up, unbeknownst to me the Commander was working on something as well. Included here is their letter to The Washington Times:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- Shots were fired at a fleeing pizza delivery driver during an armed robbery Tuesday night in Richmond, according police. The driver escaped unharmed.
A group of five or six men approached the driver when they got out of an SUV along the 3100 block of of Alvis Avenue at about 10:30 p.m. Tuesday. One of the men carried a handgun, another a rifle, police said.
As the driver ran for safety, several shots were fired, Richmond Police said. The suspects stole the pizza and drove off in the SUV, which police described as a red Ford Escape with a "Guns Save Lives" bumper sticker on the back.
The suspects had their faces covered during the crime, so police have not yet been able to provide a description. Anyone with information about the suspects or stolen SUV was asked to call Crime Stoppers at 804-780-1000.
37.573445 -77.427270
RUGBY league is a magnet for controversy, but surely this is taking it a step too far.
A bewildering internet storm has broken out in the aftermath of New Zealand's narrow Four Nations victory over England, with suggestions that Shaun Johnson's pivotal field goal actually missed the target.
Several big news sites — and plenty of little ones — have been floating the crazy theory that the shot passed outside the post.
The ball sails out of frame in the original camera angle, but it's the shot from behind the sticks that has caused discussion.
Shot of the ball. Source: FOX SPORTS
Some stills appear to show the ball passing the wrong side of the post, but Fox Sports video experts have explained it away as an optical illusion.
When footage is broken down frame by frame, every second frame will be transparent and thus creates the illusion that Johnson's kick doesn't go in.
But, hey, why take our word for it.
Check out the reaction of every player in the video shot. The Kiwis are pumping their fists and the England players also know the shot has hit the mark.
Need more?
Even Pommy prop James Graham doesn't dispute the shot — and he's notorious at questioning referee decisions.
So what do you think?
View the video in player above and tell us in the poll below.
BERLIN — The arrest of a 17-year-old Afghan migrant suspected of raping and killing a university student must not be used for “rabble-rousing and conspiracy propaganda,” Germany's vice chancellor said Monday as a nationalist party argued that the government bears a share of the blame.
The teen, who entered Germany last year as an unaccompanied minor, was arrested Friday. The victim, a 19-year-old medicine student, vanished in mid-October on their way home from a party in the southwestern city of Freiburg and their body was found in a river.
The suspect, whom officials have linked to the crime through DNA evidence and video footage from near the scene, hasn't made a statement. Their arrest, however, has played into ongoing tensions about the arrival in Germany last year of hundreds of thousands of migrants.
Joerg Meuthen, a co-leader of the nationalist Alternative for Germany party, argued Sunday that Chancellor Angela Merkel and Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel bear “a decisive share of the responsibility for this cruel act and many other ‘isolated cases' that have happened daily in Germany since the unhindered entry of illegal immigrants.”
The party rose in polls following last year's migrant influx and hopes to enter the national Parliament in an election next year in which Merkel is seeking a fourth term.
“We must not allow this abhorrent act to be abused for rabble-rousing and conspiracy propaganda,” Gabriel told Monday's edition of the Bild daily. “It is clear to everyone that refugees can commit equally terrible crimes as people born in Germany.”
Merkel's spokesperson, Steffen Seibert, condemned the “appalling crime” and said that “the perpetrator must be punished with the full force of our laws.”
“But we must not forget that we are talking about a possible act by one Afghan refugee, not a whole group of people who, like him, are Afghans and refugees,” they told reporters in Berlin.
While many Germans have welcomed refugees, there has been strong opposition from a vocal minority. A string of sexual assaults and robberies on New Year's Eve in Cologne blamed primarily on foreigners also fed fears.
One of Germany's public television stations, ARD, drew criticism for not featuring the Freiburg arrest in its evening news bulletin Saturday, the day it was announced. The broadcaster said in a blog that it hadn't considered the case to rise above other killings to be “nationally and internationally relevant.”
The USB Promoter Group announced today that it has finalized the design of the USB Type-C plug , a new type of USB plug that's designed to completely replace every size of all current USB connectors. Like Apple's Lightning cables, the new connector is reversible so that it can be used in any orientation.
According to the USB-IF's press release (PDF), the new connector is "similar in size" to current micro USB 2.0 Type-B connectors (the ones you use for most non-Apple phones and tablets). It is designed to be "robust enough for laptops and tablets" and "slim enough for mobile phones." The openings for the connector measure roughly 8.4mm by 2.6mm.
As we've reported previously, cables and adapters for connecting Type-C devices into older Type-A and Type-B ports will be readily available—the prevalence of these older ports will make any industry-wide shift to USB Type-C an arduous, years-long process.
The new Type-C plug will be compatible with USB 3.1, a revised version of the spec that boosts theoretical transfer speeds from the 5Gbps of USB 3.0 to 10Gbps and that supports delivery of up to 100W of power using the USB Power Delivery spec. First-generation Thunderbolt controllers from Intel have offered 10Gbps of bandwidth for a while now and second-generation controllers double this to 20Gbps, but USB has the advantage of being a much more widely used standard that is generally built into all chipsets and SoCs. The USB 3.1 spec was finalized a year ago, but as of this writing it has yet to show up in any shipping devices.
Finally, the USB Type-C connector has been designed to scale with the USB spec as it gets faster, so as we move beyond USB 3.1 it should be possible to make future cables physically compatible with one another, avoiding ugly solutions like the micro USB 3.0 Type-B connector.
The first NOLO CV1 firmware update is coming! Currently it is under final test. The estimated releasing date will be the next Friday, Nov. 17th. Here are some key features.
1. Add velocity and angular velocity
- Improve the smoothness of positional and rotational tracking in Steam VR.
- Reduce latency by 30%
- Fix the throwing problem in some games and improve the throwing experience in all games
2. Optimize the synchronization algorithm
- Reduce jitter
3. Reduce the packet loss rate to 0.2%
- Improve the stability of data transmission
* This firmware update works for every PC VR headset that compatible with NOLO, and works for RiftCat wire mode.
Detailed update documentation will be released with the firmware, we will also make a tutorial video for you to operate.
As for NOLO SDKs,
1. The next Unity SDK update will reduce the CPU usage. It will be released in late November.
2. The UNREAL SDK is under alpha test, The scheduled release date is December.
Can't find a metal object? Your iPhone can actually work as a Metal Detector and help you out. The aptly named app Metal Detector utilizes the compass by reading its interference with metal objects to detect where they are. Although imperfect, it helped a friend of mine find a fork they dropped in the grass at night so if you lose something, the app can be pretty useful.
So how does it work? I have an iPhone 4 and it seemed to have the easiest time detecting metal when I pointed the top (where the headphone jack is) at objects. It could detect from a distance, but was much more accurate upon getting closer. If you're having trouble finding success with the app, you can boost the sensitivity. I found it had no trouble detecting an iPad or a metal vase, but was a little more subtle when detecting a set of three keys. It seems that the metal needs to be magnetic to be detected (e.g. steal, iron, etc.), but that's only a drawback if you're looking for a type of metal that isn't. If you lose a metal object and all you've got is your phone, Metal Detector is a free way to help you find it faster.
Advertisement
Metal Detector (Free) | iTunes App Store
Thanks for the tip, Trevor!
About
The Padillak
We are water sport junkies.
We live for the water. Whether it's an ocean, lake or river, we love being able to explore and cruise on these bodies of water in all kinds of different and exciting ways. We created the Padillak to change up the way we spend our days on the water by instantly transforming any stand-up paddle board into a kayak. And now, we want to share the Padillak with you!
The Padillak is equipped with an easily adjustable module base and securely Velcros onto your board. Once put in place, you can take a seat on our comfortable and sturdy nylon seat cushion that doubles as a personal flotation device and enjoy a relaxing kayak ride. The Padillak fits on all paddle boards without compromising the original use the board was designed for.
Our goal is to start mass producing the Padillak and making it available to the public as soon as possible. We need your support to make our goal a reality and bring the Padillak to other water sport junkies like ourselves.
Features
PADILLAK STANDARD (retail value: $489)
1 seat
10 dunlock modules
10 feet of velcro
1 cargo net
1 carry bag
1 PFD
1 whistle
2 balance handles
1 koozie
1 bumper sticker
PADILLAK DELUXE (retail value: $639)
Everything included in the Padillak Standard plus:
2 paddle clips
1 drink holder
1 bluetooth speaker
4 paddle lights
1 Padillak T-shirt
1 Padillak baseball hat
1 Padillak coffee mug
1 waterproof phone case
Additional Attachments:
"Misguided and irresponsible" is how Arizona's new law pertaining to illegal immigration is characterized by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi. They represent San Francisco, which calls itself a "sanctuary city," an exercise in exhibitionism that means it will be essentially uncooperative regarding enforcement of immigration laws. Yet as many states go to court to challenge the constitutionality of the federal mandate to buy health insurance, scandalized liberals invoke 19th-century specters of "nullification" and "interposition," anarchy and disunion. Strange.
It is passing strange for federal officials, including the president, to accuse Arizona of irresponsibility while the federal government is refusing to fulfill its responsibility to control the nation's borders. Such control is an essential attribute of national sovereignty. America is the only developed nation that has a 2,000-mile border with a developing nation, and the government's refusal to control that border is why there are an estimated 460,000 illegal immigrants in Arizona and why the nation, sensibly insisting on first things first, resists "comprehensive" immigration reform.
Arizona's law makes what is already a federal offense -- being in the country illegally -- a state offense. Some critics seem not to understand Arizona's right to assert concurrent jurisdiction. The Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund attacks Gov. Jan Brewer's character and motives, saying they "caved to the radical fringe." This poses a semantic puzzle: Can the large majority of Arizonans who support the law be a "fringe" of their state?
Popularity makes no law invulnerable to invalidation. Americans accept judicial supervision of their democracy -- judicial review of popular but possibly unconstitutional statutes -- because they know that if the Constitution is truly to constitute the nation, it must trump some majority preferences. The Constitution, the Supreme Court has said, puts certain things "beyond the reach of majorities."
But Arizona's statute is not presumptively unconstitutional merely because it says that police officers are required to try to make "a reasonable attempt" to determine the status of a person "where reasonable suspicion exists" that the person is here illegally. The fact that the meaning of "reasonable" will not be obvious in many contexts does not make the law obviously too vague to stand. The Bill of Rights -- the Fourth Amendment -- proscribes "unreasonable searches and seizures." What "reasonable" means in practice is still being refined by case law -- as is that amendment's stipulation that no warrants shall be issued "but upon probable cause." There has also been careful case-by-case refinement of the familiar and indispensable concept of "reasonable suspicion."
Brewer says, "We must enforce the law evenly, and without regard to skin color, accent or social status." Because the nation thinks as Brewer does, airport passenger screeners wand Norwegian grandmothers. This is an acceptable, even admirable, homage to the virtue of "evenness" as we seek to deter violence by a few, mostly Middle Eastern, young men.
Some critics say Arizona's law is unconstitutional because the 14th Amendment's guarantee of "equal protection of the laws" prevents the government from taking action on the basis of race. Liberals, however, cannot comfortably make this argument because they support racial set-asides in government contracting, racial preferences in college admissions, racial gerrymandering of legislative districts and other aspects of a racial spoils system. Although liberals are appalled by racial profiling, some seem to think vocational profiling (police officers are insensitive incompetents) is merely intellectual efficiency, as is state profiling (Arizonans are xenophobic).
Probably 30 percent of Arizona's residents are Hispanic. Arizona police officers, like officers everywhere, have enough to do without being required to seek arrests by violating settled law with random stops of people who speak Spanish. In the practice of the complex and demanding craft of policing, good officers -- the vast majority -- routinely make nuanced judgments about when there is probable cause for acting on reasonable suspicions of illegality.
Arizona's law might give the nation information about whether judicious enforcement discourages illegality. If so, it is a worthwhile experiment in federalism.
Non-Hispanic Arizonans of all sorts live congenially with all sorts of persons of Hispanic descent. These include some whose ancestors got to Arizona before statehood -- some even before it was a territory. They were in America before most Americans' ancestors arrived. Arizonans should not be judged disdainfully and from a distance by people whose closest contacts with Hispanics are with fine men and women who trim their lawns and put plates in front of them at restaurants, not with illegal immigrants passing through their back yards at 3 a.m.
georgewill@washpost.com
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt is recusing themselves from a number of active lawsuits against the EPA they pursued as Oklahoma's attorney general— including the Clean Power Plan and Waters of the United States suits, according to a memo environmental and energy publication E&E News obtained under Freedom of Information Act request.
"To demonstrate my profound commitment to carrying out my ethical responsibilities, while I am the administrator of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, I will not participate in any active cases in which Oklahoma is a party, petitioner or intervenor, including the following," Pruitt wrote in the May 4 memo to EPA's acting assistant administrators, acting general counsel, inspector general and acting regional administrators, before listing 12 cases from which they are recusing himself.
Pruitt, a longtime critic of the EPA while serving as Oklahoma's attorney general, joined a collection of attorneys general suing the EPA over the Clean Power Plan, the key component of former President Barack Obama's climate change agenda. Last week, a federal appeals court granted President Donald Trump's request to halt the lawsuit, effectively sending the rule back to the EPA for review and likely quashing the measure that aimed to combat carbon dioxide emissions from coal power plants.
Pruitt also sued the EPA in 2015 over the Waters of the United States, or "WOTUS," rule, which expanded the definition of what qualifies as a federal body of water. But Mr. Trump signed an executive order in February directing the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to review and rescind the rule.
EPA director downplays CO2 role in global warming
Pruitt's memo also recuses them from litigation involving Volkswagen, including the criminal case against the company for allegedly cheating on emissions tests.
"Thus far, I have not participated in any of the cases listed in this recusal statement officially at all and will continue to recuse for now," Pruitt wrote. "In the event that I wish to participate, I will seek an ethics determination from the (designated agency ethics officer), which will appeal the federal partiality set forth" in federal law.
HDMI versus Component Video
--Which is Better?
As HDMI cable connections become more and more widely used, we are often asked: which is better, HDMI or component video? The answer, as it happens, is not cut-and-dried.
First, one note: everything said here is as applicable to DVI as to HDMI; DVI appears on fewer and fewer consumer electronic devices all the time, so isn't as often asked about, but DVI and HDMI are essentially the same as one another, image-quality-wise. The principal differences are that HDMI carries audio as well as video, and uses a different type of connector, but both use the same encoding scheme, and that's why a DVI source can be connected to an HDMI monitor, or vice versa, with a DVI/HDMI cable, with no intervening converter box.
The upshot of this article--in case you're not inclined to read all the details--is that it's very hard to predict whether an HDMI connection will produce a better or worse image than an analog component video connection. There will often be significant differences between the digital and the analog signals, but those differences are not inherent in the connection type and instead depend upon the characteristics of the source device (e.g., your DVD player) and the display device (e.g., your TV set). Why that is, however, requires a bit more discussion.
What are HDMI and Component Video?
HDMI and Component Video both are video standards which support a variety of resolutions, but which deliver the signal from the source to the display in very different ways. The principal important difference is that an HDMI cable delivers the signal in a digital format, much the same way that a file is delivered from one computer to another along a network, while Component Video is an analog format, delivering the signal not as a bitstream, but as a set of continuously varying voltages representing (albeit indirectly, as we'll get to in a moment) the red, green and blue components of the signal.
Both HDMI cable and Component Video cable deliver signals as three discrete color components, together with sync information which allows the display to determine when a new line, or a new frame, begins. The HDMI cable delivers these along three data channels in a format called T.M.D.S., which stands for "Transition Minimized Differential Signaling." Big words aside, the T.M.D.S. format basically involves a blue channel to which horizontal and vertical sync are added, and separate green and red channels (though HDMI can also be configured to use "color-difference" colorspace--see below).
Component Video is delivered, similarly, with the color information split up three ways. However, component video uses a "color-difference" type signal, which consists of Luminance (the "Y", or "green," channel, representing the total brightness of the image), Red Minus Luminance (the "Pr," or "Red," channel), and Blue Minus Luminance (the "Pb," or "Blue," channel). The sync pulses for both horizontal and vertical are delivered on the Y channel. The display calculates the values of red, green and blue from the Y, Pb, and Pr signals.
Both signal types, then, are fundamentally quite similar; they break up the image in similar ways, and deliver the same type of information to the display, albeit in different forms. How they differ, as we'll see, will depend to a great extent upon the particular characteristics of the source and display devices, and can depend upon cabling as well.
Isn't Digital Just Better?
It is often supposed by writers on this subject that "digital is better." Digital signal transfer, it is assumed, is error-free, while analog signals are always subject to some amount of degradation and information loss. There is an element of truth to this argument, but it tends to fly in the face of real-world considerations. First, there is no reason why any perceptible degradation of an analog component video signal should occur even over fairly substantial distances; the maximum runs in home theater installations do not present a challenge for analog cabling built to professional standards, and we have had customers run analog component video for more than 200 feet without trouble, without even the need for a booster. Second, it is a flawed assumption to suppose that digital signal handling is always error-free. HDMI signals aren't subject to error correction; once information is lost, it's lost for good. That is not normally a consideration with well-made HDMI cable over short distances, but can easily become a factor at distance.
So What Does Determine Image Quality?
Video doesn't just translate directly from source material to displays, for a variety of reasons. Most displays do not operate at the native resolutions of common source material, so when you're viewing material in 480p, 720p, 1080i or 1080p, there is, of necessity, some scaling going on. Meanwhile, the signals representing colors have to be accurately rendered, which is dependent on black level and "delta," the relationship between signal level and actual as-rendered color level. Original signal formats don't correspond well to display hardware; for example, DVD recordings have 480 lines, but non-square pixels, and they have color recorded in color-difference format, while HDMI ordinarily runs in RGB colorspace. Many displays do not correspond very well to any common output resolution; instead of 720 lines or 1080, they often will have 768, or 1024, or some other number of lines. What all of this means is that there is scaling to go on along the signal chain.
The argument often made for the HDMI signal format is the "pure digital" argument--that by taking a digital recording, such as a DVD or a digital satellite signal, and rendering it straight into digital form as an HDMI signal, and then delivering that digital signal straight to the display, there is a sort of perfect no-loss-and-no-alteration-of-information signal chain. If the display itself is a native digital display (e.g. an LCD or Plasma display), the argument goes, the signal never has to undergo digital-to-analog conversion and therefore is less altered along the way.
That might be true, were it not for the fact that digital signals are encoded in different ways and have to be converted, and that these signals have to be scaled and processed to be displayed. Consequently, there are always conversions going on, and these conversions aren't always easy going. "Digital to digital" conversion is no more a guarantee of signal quality than "digital to analog," and in practice may be substantially worse. Whether it's better or worse will depend upon the circuitry involved--and that is something which isn't usually practical to figure out on paper. As a general rule, with consumer equipment, one simply doesn't know how signals are processed, and one doesn't know how that processing varies by input. Analog and digital inputs must either be scaled through separate circuits, or one must be converted to the other to use the same scaler. How is that done? In general, you won't find an answer to that anywhere in your instruction manual, and even if you did, it'd be hard to judge which is the better scaler without viewing the actual video output. It's fair to say, in general, that even in very high-end consumer gear, the quality of circuits for signal processing and scaling is quite variable.
Additionally, it's not uncommon to find that the display characteristics of different inputs have been set up differently. Black level, for example, may vary considerably from the digital to the analog inputs, and depending on how sophisticated your setup options on your display are, that may or may not be an easy thing to recalibrate. We have frequently found dramatic, unmistakable differences in image quality between HDMI and component video--sometimes favoring one, sometimes the other--on the default calibration settings of sources and displays.
The Role of Cable and Connection Quality
Cable quality, in general, should not be a significant factor in the HDMI versus Component Video comparison, as long as the cables in question are of high quality. There are, however, ways in which cable quality issues can come into play.
Analog component video is an extremely robust signal type; we have had our customers run analog component, without any need for boosters, relays or other special equipment, for over 200 feet without any signal quality issues at all. However, at long lengths, cable quality can be a consideration--in particular, impedance needs to be strictly controlled to a tight tolerance (ideally, 75 +/- 1.5 ohms) to prevent problems with signal reflection which can cause ghosting or ringing.
HDMI, unfortunately, is not so robust. The problem here is the same as the virtue of analog component: tight control over impedance. When the professional video industry went to digital signals, it settled upon a standard--SDI, serial digital video--which was designed to be run in coaxial cables, where impedance can be controlled very tightly, and consequently, uncompressed, full-blown HD signals can be run hundreds of feet with no loss of information in SDI. For reasons known only to the designers of the HDMI standard, this very sound design principle was ignored; instead of coaxial cable, the HDMI signals are run balanced, through twisted-pair HDMI cable. The best twisted pair cables control impedance to about +/- 10%. When a digital signal is run through a cable, the edges of the bits (represented by sudden transitions in voltage) round off, and the rounding increases dramatically with distance. Meanwhile, poor control over impedance results in signal reflections--portions of the signal bounce off of the display end of the line, propagate back down the cable, and return, interfering with later information in the same bitstream. At some point, the data become unrecoverable, and with no error correction available, there's no way to restore the lost information.
HDMI cable connections, for this reason, are subject to the "digital cliff" phenomenon. Up to some length, an HDMI cable will perform just fine; the rounding and reflections will not compromise the ability of the display device to reconstruct the original bitstream, and no information will be lost. As we make the cable longer and longer, the difficulty of reconstructing the bitstream increases. At some point, unrecoverable bit errors start to occur; these are colloquially described in the home theater community as "sparklies," because the bit errors manifest themselves as pixel dropouts which make the image sparkle. If we make the cable just a bit longer, so much information is lost that the display becomes unable to reconstitute enough information to even render an image; the bitstream has fallen off the digital cliff, so called because of the abruptness of the failure. A cable design that works perfectly at 20 feet may get "sparkly" at 25, and stop working entirely at 30.
In practice, it's very hard to say when an HDMI signal will fail. Well-made HDMI cables can be quite reliable up to 50 feet or so with most devices, and we have run HDMI at high-definition resolutions as far as 150 feet in Belden bonded-pair cable without bit errors. But because the ability to reconstitute the bitstream varies depending on the quality of the circuitry in the source and display devices, it's not uncommon for a cable to work fine at 30, 40, or 50 feet on one source/display combination, and not work at all on another. Meanwhile, the demands on the HDMI interface are increasing. A few years ago, no one needed to run anything more than 1080i through a cable; now 1080p is common; and soon, "deep color" devices may become prevalent in the market. Each of these developments results in a large corresponding increase in the bitrate being shoved through the HDMI cable, and cables that worked once will stop working--not because the cable has changed, but because the signal being run through it has changed.
The Upshot: It Depends on
So, which is better, HDMI or component? The answer--unsatisfying, perhaps, but true--is that it depends. It depends upon your source and display devices, and there's no good way, in principle, to say in advance whether the digital or the analog connection will render a better picture. You may even find, say, that your DVD player looks better through its HDMI output, while your satellite or cable box looks better through its component output, on the same display. In this case, there's no real substitute for simply plugging it in and giving it a try both ways.
HDMI Cables
Back to our Articles Index
Back to Blue Jeans Cable Home
International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Nobel Peace Prize
Enlarge this image toggle caption Stephane De Sakutin/AFP/Getty Images Stephane De Sakutin/AFP/Getty Images
The 2017 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, or ICAN, a global organization seeking to "outlaw and eliminate all nuclear weapons" under international law.
The prize was announced in Oslo, Norway, on Friday morning. The committee praised ICAN for drawing attention to "the catastrophic humanitarian consequences of any use of nuclear weapons" and for "ground-breaking efforts" to ratify a treaty banning nuclear weapons.
Specifically, ICAN promotes the U.N.'s Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, a legally binding prohibition on nuclear weapons that is supported by over 100 countries.
The world's nuclear powers have not committed to the treaty.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee noted that any actual nuclear disarmament will depend on the participation of nuclear states, but praised ICAN's "inspiring and innovative support" for international negotiations.
The committee noted the peril that more countries will attempt to acquire nuclear weapons, "as exemplified North Korea." And the prize-winning organization highlighted growing international tension, writing on Facebook that "fiery rhetoric could all too easily lead us, inexorably, to unspeakable horror."
"The spectre of nuclear conflict looms large once more," the group wrote. "If ever there were a moment for nations to declare their unequivocal opposition to nuclear weapons, that moment is now."
Berit Reiss-Andersen, Chair of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, objected to the idea that the prize was "symbolic" because states possessing nuclear weapons don't support ICAN's treaty banning them. "I do believe that law matters," they said.
They said the prize represents "encouragement" to nuclear powers to continue negotiations. They noted that many powers have committed to a nonproliferation treaty, albeit not the ban treaty, and therefore "already have committed to themselves to the goal of a nuclear-free world."
"We are not kicking anybody's leg with the prize," they said. "We are giving encouragement."
In a statement on Facebook, ICAN called the prize "a tribute to the tireless efforts of many millions of campaigners and concerned citizens worldwide who, ever since the dawn of the atomic age, have loudly protested nuclear weapons, insisting that they can serve no legitimate purpose and must be forever banished from the face of our earth."
Reiss-Andersen acknowledged there are many organizations pursuing the goal of nuclear disarmament. "We have focused on ICAN because we feel, the Norwegian Nobel Committee, that they have taken the leading role in revitalizing this process," they said. They also said they combine grassroots engagement with the legal and political process "in an admirable matter."
Nuclear disarmament was established by a goal in the United Nations' first-ever resolution, the Norwegian Nobel Committee notes. ICAN has given the cause "a new direction and new vigor," the committee writes.
Advancing disarmament and arms control is one of the central criteria for awarding the Peace Prize, along with the promotion of peace talks and the "promotion of fraternity between nations."
Several previous Peace Prizes have focused on nuclear disarmament. In 1985, the prize was awarded to the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War, and in 2005, it was granted to International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for promoting peaceful uses of nuclear energy. More than half a dozen individuals have also been awarded, at least in part, for their work on nonproliferation or disarmament.
This year's Nobel Peace Prize, which was awarded to ICAN as an entire organization, comes with 9 million Swedish kronor in cash, or around $1.1 million.
Last year's Peace Prize went to Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia. The decision surprised many; peace talks in Colombia were not concluded, and it's rare for the committee to award a prize to only one half of a peace negotiation.
The Peace Prize is the fifth Nobel prize that was established in Alfred Nobel's will, and the only one awarded by the Norwegian Nobel Committee.
This year's Nobel Prizes in Medicine, Physics, Chemistry and Literature were announced earlier this week in Sweden.
The Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics, which was established in 1969, will be announced on Monday.
Writer Walter Kirn tweeted something mid-summer that rang so poignant and true, I immediately "favorited" and re-tweeted: "The brilliant dark governing insight of social media is that most people prefer socializing alone."
Sure, all of this newfound sharing and real-time communication is awesome indeed. But the very same digital tools that heighten our reach and accessibility are somehow alienating us from each other more so than ever before. Human-to-human connection and communication, it seems, tends to get too intermediated by gadgets and gizmos.
Today, there's a new social network rolling out nationwide to help bridge the distance between folks who couldn't be physically closer: neighbors. Fittingly, it's called Nextdoor. It's designed to help neighbors connect and communicate online about important information, services, and goings-on in their specific communities. Being neighborly has somehow gotten lost in the digital era. Nextdoor is working to reverse that.
Nirav Tolia, Nextdoor's co-founder and CEO, told CNET, "People are using the technology to bring back a sense of community." And that's a good thing considering the majority of Americans only know some of their neighbors names and 28 percent don't know any of their neighbor's names, according to a Pew Research report.
After a year in private beta, Nextdoor quickly spread by word of mouth from Menlo Park, Calif., to 175 neighborhoods in 26 states. Apparently, no marketing, advertising, focus groups or any paid incentives were involved. Once local residents get onto Nextdoor, Tolia says, the adoption has been fast and neighbors are active and engaged. "They rely on this thing like a public utility," they said.
Nextdoor
Local communities anywhere in the United States can create private social networks on Nextdoor for their neighborhood. Each site is owned and maintained by locals actually living in the neighborhood. Once residents verify their addresses and sign up for the site using their real names, they have access to a neighborhood directory, map, events, marketplace ("buy," "sell," and "free") and local service recommendations like "great babysitter" or nearby resources such as veterinarians, dentists, schools, country clubs, and churches. Nextdoor can also serve as an area "blotter" to report and share news about break-ins or suspicious activity. Disaster preparedness is yet another service that Nextdoor plans to offer local neighborhoods.
Neighbors choose how much information they want to disclose on their personal profiles (e-mail address, work and/or home phone, or street name instead of exact address.) Members may also be contacted through private messages directly via their profile pages. Personal e-mail addresses do not have to be revealed.
Nextdoor has several ways to verify new members actually live in the neighborhood. A postcard may be sent to a new member's address with a special code to be plugged into Nextdoor.com. Once they've logged in, neighbors are asked to confirm their account. Signing up with a home phone number or credit card linked to a home address also works as verification. Alternatively, verified neighbors can invite other neighbors to join by sending an official postcard or flyer from Nextdoor.
The social startup is definitely filling a void. Most neighborhoods across the United States don't have a geo-specific Web resource or a hyper-local e-mail listserv, said Bill Gurley, a general partner at Benchmark Capital, Nextdoor's lead investor. (Shasta Ventures is another investor, but funding specifics have not been disclosed.) And those neighborhoods that do have their own listservs are looking for more, Gurley said. "There are a number of communities that have turned off their listserv and moved everybody onto this [Nextdoor]," they said. Unlike e-mail listservs, Nextdoor keeps an archived database of service recommendations and classifieds, they added. Gurley is a Nextdoor board member along with Rich Barton, Zillow's chairperson and co-founder.
Tolia who is armed with considerable startup experience after key roles at Epinions and Shopping.com, says they anticipate considerable growth for Nextdoor. Over the next two to three years, they say, "All neighborhoods will be connected through a private social network."
Redwood City, Calif. is one city embracing Nextdoor's approach. All 22 neighborhoods in this Bay Area city will soon establish a private Web site on the new social network. But it's not just tech-savvy communities using Nextdoor. Neighborhoods from Memphis to Santa Fe have also welcomed the new tool.
Turns out, homeowner's associations, supermoms, and empty nesters are the earliest adopters of Nextdoor. HOA's are often run by volunteers with limited time and technology. Busy moms running from activity to errands to school appreciate being connected to neighbors and community resources and Nextdoor makes it easy for them, Tolia said.
As for the business model, Tolia said, "It's really important to get the user experience right. Nextdoor is well capitalized, we're not seeking more funding." Over time, though, Nextdoor plans to work with local businesses and offer specialized deals for neighborhoods, said Benchmark's Bill Gurley. "Benchmark is a pretty patient investor. I'm in no hurry. I'm much more interested in making a huge impact."
A global economy, energized by technological change and unprecedented flows of people and money, collapses in the wake of a terrorist attack .... The year is 1914. Worldwide war results, exhausting the resources of the great powers and convincing many that the economic system itself is to blame. From the ashes of the catastrophe, an intellectual and political struggle ignites between the powers of government and the forces of the marketplace, each determined to reinvent the world's economic order. Two individuals emerge whose ideas, shaped by very different experiences, will inform this debate and carry it forward. One is a brilliant, unconventional Englishman named John Maynard Keynes. The other is an outspoken émigré from ravaged Austria, Friedrich von Hayek. But a worldwide depression holds the capitalist nations in its grip. In opposition to both Keynes and Hayek stand not only Hitler's Third Reich but Stalin's Soviet Union, schooled in the communist ideologies of Marx and Lenin and bent on obliterating the capitalist system altogether. For more than half a century the battle of ideas will rage. From the totalitarian socialist systems to the fascist states, from the independent nations of the developing world to the mixed economies of Europe and the regulated capitalism of the United States, government planning will gradually take over the commanding heights. But in the 1970s, with Keynesian theory at its height and communism fully entrenched, economic stagnation sets in on all sides. When a British grocer's daughter and a former Hollywood actor become heads of state, they join forces around the ideas of Hayek, and new political and economic policies begin to transform the world.
As the 1980s begin and the Cold War grinds on, the existing world order appears firmly in place. Yet beneath the surface powerful currents are carving away at the economic foundations. Western democracies still struggle with deficits and inflation, while communism hides the failure of its command economy behind a facade of military might. In Latin America populist dictators strive to thwart foreign economic exploitation, piling up debt and igniting hyperinflation in the process. In India and Africa bureaucracies established to end poverty through scientific planning spawn black markets and corruption and stifle enterprise. Worldwide, the strategies of government planning are failing to produce their intended results. From Bolivia and Peru to Poland and Russia, the free-market policies of Thatcher and Reagan are looked to as a possible blueprint for escape. One by one, economies in crisis adopt "shock therapy" -- a rapid conversion to free-market capitalism. As the command economies totter and collapse, privatization transfers economic power back into entrepreneurial hands, and whole societies go through wrenching change. For some the demands and opportunities of the market provide a longed for liberation. Others, lacking the means to adapt, see their security and livelihood swept away. In this new capitalist revolution enlightened enterprise and cynical exploitation thrive alike. The sum total of global wealth expands, but its unequal distribution increases, too, and economic regeneration exacts a high human price.
[social_buttons]
The Irish government has announced radical plans to introduce more than 250,000 electric cars onto the nation's roads by 2020, a staggering ten percent of the total vehicles in the country.
If the scheme is successful, Sustainable Energy Ireland (SEI), the state energy agency, estimates an annual cut in CO2 emissions of around 350,000 tonnes. Transport currently accounts for more than a third of Ireland's carbon emissions, higher than any other sector.
Under the plan, launched last week, businesses will be eligible to join an Accelerated Capital Allowance Scheme, allowing them to claim a 100 percent tax write-off when they convert their fleet to EVs.
However, officials are under no illusions over the scale of the challenge to wean the country's drivers off their dependence on fossil fuels. According to SEI chair Brendan Halligan, “We will need to alter our attitudes towards electric vehicles and accept that there is no other way forward.”
The Irish scheme follows earlier news of a German plan to introduce one million EVs and plug-in hybrid electric vehicles over the next eleven years.
Image Credit – david.nikonvscanon via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Hamilton's getting an anti-red-tape squad but it has taken six months to set up.
It takes red tape to cut red tape, Hamilton City Council has found.
Setting up a squad to streamline dealings with council took six months of bureaucracy - and it has yet to do anything.
So Councillor Dave Macpherson had a suggestion when the task force's framework was set at Thursday's council meeting.
"Is it possible that the task force could... look at the bureaucracy involved in setting up task forces?" they said.
READ MORE:
* Remove barriers to business, property development
* Setback for plan to slice red tape at Hamilton City Council
* Red tape review pitched at Hamilton City Council
"That's a rhetorical question with a serious point."
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/STUFF The task force should have a look at the bureaucracy needed for its own creation, Councillor Dave Macpherson said.
But chief executive Richard Briggs wanted to answer.
"I was about to say hallelujah with that comment, to be fair. I believe we've gone a bit astray with how we manage our task forces," they said.
"Not to introduce more bureaucracy - it will be done very leanly - I'm going to look at the way we structure our task forces and... make sure that the task forces are actually delivering on the intent."
CHRISTEL YARDLEY/ STUFF 'I was about to say hallelujah with that comment,' Hamilton City Council chief executive Richard Briggs said.
The red tape review - formally known as the Regulatory Effectiveness and Efficiency Project - is part of Mayor Andrew King's plan to simplify dealings with council.
The first stage of the plan is expected to cost about $770,000 and some councillors are worried it could balloon in size and cost, or prove a back-door way to review the district plan.
But Macpherson wanted council to get moving.
"It is ridiculous that this planned move to have a look at how we can reduce bureaucracy in council has taken over six months to even get to this stage, not even having darn well started."
Some of their colleagues voted down terms of reference for the task force in early May and were surprised to see them back on the agenda less than a month later.
Councillor Rob Pascoe unsuccessfully challenged the inclusion and Councillor Paula Southgate said they felt rushed and confused.
"I've been in politics for nearly 20 years," they said.
"I've never had a decision revisited so quickly without formal revocation of the previous decision."
Pascoe and Councillor Angela O'Leary quizzed Briggs on whether council could deliver the plan's first stage for the budgeted sum.
"$770,000 is what we're going to bring this in for," Briggs replied.
But Pascoe was worried that figure was "just the thin end" of the eventual cost - a concern shared by Councillors O'Leary and Siggi Henry.
They also thought the anti-red-tape squad was being pointed too strongly in the district plan direction.
O'Leary doesn't see King's plan as the right solution but was appointed to the task force to add political balance.
Councillors have to make the project work once it's voted in, they said.
The taskforce will include Mayor King, Councillor O'Leary, council chief executive Briggs, general managers Chris Allen and Kelvyn Eglinton, and three external members.
Briggs said those would be city solicitor Lachlan Muldowney, business person and developer Tony McLauchlan, and a planner they were not yet willing to name.
Councillors voted 9-3 in favour of the task force's terms of reference.
Those against were Councillors Rob Pascoe, Leo Tooman and Angela O'Leary.
He's flown their freak flag for six seasons in San Francisco, a free-spirited place where being eccentric may actually help them blend in, not stand out. They and the city and the Giants always seemed like a perfect fit. "It's like Halloween in the stands there every night," Giants closer Brian Wilson once said with a laugh in 2010, back when the "Fear the Beard" rally cry first rose up around them and the Giants' team of "misfits" stormed all the way to a surprising World Series title over the Texas Rangers.
But now, with days to go before pitchers and catchers report to spring training, Wilson is 10 months removed from their second Tommy John surgery and the Giants didn't tender them a contract. He's still trying to get a job. And if you know anything about Wilson, that process is a bit odd to imagine, is it not?
When Brian Wilson finds a new team, he'll undoubtedly cut a dashing figure. Jeffrey Mayer/WireImage
How exactly would a job interview with the league's only self-declared "certified ninja" actually go? If some GM asks Wilson an obvious question -- say, "How's the arm feeling?" -- what if Wilson gives the same answer they did to a crowd of Bay Area reporters last April, shortly after they had the surgery: "I was lucky enough to get a ligament from Sasquatch. It was the least they could do."
At various times in their career, Wilson has described a transgression they committed to get a $1,000 league fine as "too much awesomeness" on their part, and they conducted an on-camera interview with Fox TV's Chris Rose while pretending not to know that a bare-chested man clad in S&M gear -- a black leather hood, halter and Speedo-like thong -- had just walked through the hallway behind him. "Yes, it was a total surprise -- and nothing hundreds of hours of therapy can't cure," jokes Rose, now the host of the MLB Network's "Intentional Talk" with Kevin Millar.
Two years ago, Wilson was asked to plug the MLB 2K11 video game in a commercial. After describing their Mohawk haircut as "something made from a slice of heaven and everything else that's sweet," they pointed to their eyes and unspooled this deadpan riff about "the ocean blues": "Go ahead and dive in. But they're deep. And they will swallow you."
Wilson has evolved into an interesting paradox as a three-time All-Star for the Giants and one of the best closers in the game: He's one of the most famous and least understood men in baseball.
People still aren't sure what to think. Is Wilson truly as eccentric or weird as their stunts -- such as wearing a spandex "tuxedo" to the ESPY Awards -- have suggested?
Or is they just fun-loving and highly disciplined about staying a character and playing an oddball persona who's sort of a cross between whackadoo comic Zach Galifianakis and two admitted influences, movie badass Chuck Norris and the Dos Equis guy in "The Most Interesting Man in the World" commercials?
Is Wilson a welcome breath of fresh air who breaks up the monotony of the long baseball season? Or a constant danger to get on teammates' nerves because he's too attention-seeking? And now that he's a free agent, will their shtick travel -- if it even is shtick, since some of the ways Wilson behaves date back to high school?
What is sure is that when Wilson was healthy, their act played in San Francisco, all right. After they decided to stop shaving and grow a "rally beard" in August 2010, the Giants got red-hot in September and tore all the way to the franchise's first World Series win since before moving to town from New York. By the time Wilson, the NL saves leader, closed out three of the four wins in typical amped-up, high-wire fashion, their untamed beard seemed liable to obscure their uniform letters soon. And everyone else in town seemed to be in on the joke too. You remember. Men, women and children -- even infants -- started showing up at AT&T Park wearing phony-looking beards.
Like Wilson, the motto seemed to be "the weirder the look, the better." And Wilson was often asked to try to make sense of it all.
TV host Jim Rome: "Is there power in the beard?"
Wilson: "I don't know. You be the judge. I think it's ranked third in the AP poll, right behind Boise State."
"Tonight Show" host Jay Leno: "I've gotta ask you now, the beard, it doesn't quite match the color of your head. Do you dye it?"
Wilson (blinking as if this was patience-testing): "Jay. We play the second-most amount of day games in the National League. It's tan.
"It's amazing. I know."
No matter where you fall on Wilson -- he's hysterical, he's grating, they make you feel a big "so what?" -- it cannot end this drearily now, can it? Wilson has been staying out of sight and granting no interviews -- imagine that. Their agent, Dan Lozano -- who claimed that nine teams were interested in their client as recently as December -- is staying silent, too. Detroit passed on their client, Milwaukee's presumed interest never materialized, the Marlins didn't make a move, and even the Mets -- another team that seemed to badly want a new closer -- passed after kicking the tires on Wilson by putting them through two pitching auditions in the last month.
Brian Wilson and their beard were present but relegated to cheering during the Giants' 2012 World Series run. Christian Petersen/Getty Images
There is conjecture that Wilson, now 30, will not be able to bounce back from a second elbow reconstruction. But that's also premature. It's too soon into their recovery to know. The normal window to return from Tommy John surgery is at least a year. Wilson is still two months shy of that.
The other thing you find, when making some calls around baseball to ask why Wilson remains unsigned, is that only the state of their arm gets mentioned -- not their antics or vivid personality.
Some stubbornness on their part has played a role, too.
Wilson has been in no rush to take a minor league deal when they might get a better opportunity if he's healthier and auditions again in a couple of months. And that makes sense. But Tigers GM Dave Dombrowski has also said Wilson has "pretty much advertised with everybody" that they want to be a closer right now. "We're really not in a position to be able to make [Wilson] that promise at this time," Dombrowski said.
Giants GM Brian Sabean has said the same thing.
Sabean has admitted that parting with Wilson was a tough decision, but the GM has left the door cracked for the reliever to return. The Giants simply didn't feel comfortable tendering Wilson a contract by the December deadline that would have guaranteed them $6.8 million this season.
But Sabean's offer of an incentive-laden deal with a modest base salary that would reward Wilson for performing well landed on Wilson like a slap in the face. Though they may prompt a little eye-rolling at times, Wilson's reputation among their San Francisco teammates is actually very good. He's considered one of the brightest guys in the clubhouse, a pitcher who keeps themselves in impeccable shape, a gamer who will always take the ball. He's a born-again Christian and the strictly raised son of a military man who died when Brian was only 17. The Giants are the only pro organization they have ever played for, and their frequent remarks about the loyalty and responsibility they feel to the club to close out wins seem to spring from a genuine place. He's often backed it up. Perhaps to their detriment.
Wilson's determination in 2010 and 2011 to pitch often for the Giants -- and often through pain -- looks somewhat similar to Robb Nen's willingness to pitch though what turned out to be a torn rotator cuff in the 2002 World Series that the Giants lost to the Angels. (Nen stayed on the payroll for two more seasons, rehabbing, but never pitched again after that.) Wilson battled arm problems after their World Series season and made only two appearances in 2012 before having the second elbow surgery. Meanwhile, the Giants won another ring.
Wilson is hurt that the Giants would cast them off after all that.
"It's one of those things where it's very difficult, trying to change somebody's mind, being [Wilson's], that the organization owes them -- and we do owe them a debt of gratitude," Sabean told the New York Post at an awards dinner last month. "[But] this is a tough business, and we have to be financially responsible."
At one point in December, Sabean described Wilson's recovery as moving at "a snail's pace."
And so everyone waits. The Giants. Wilson. The other teams that are now heading to spring training but might yet be interested in him.
The first time Wilson blew out their elbow and had Tommy John surgery, in 2003, they were a junior at LSU. There was no guarantee he'd ever throw 95 mph again, and they could have played it safe by staying in college, proving they were healthy and building their résumé to get a higher signing bonus the next time they were drafted. Instead, they signed with the Giants, even though they fell to the 24th round and was still rehabbing. They believed so much that he'd make it, they took their offer despite the salary hit that meant.
Was it a little crazy? Sure. But Wilson has a pet response when he's accused of that.
"You're welcome!" they say.
Knowing Wilson's past, it is hard to believe that quietly is how this is going to end.
What a fantastic time I had running two demo games of Frostgrave at Hotlead 2017. This post is a retrospective on those games and a thank you to my sponsors. To start, I would like to show off five pictures sent in to me by a friend and reader, Randall Carder. Thank you for sending these pictures. Check out the engagement at the table in the first image!
A Picture of myself (the guy with a shaved head, red name tag and glasses) and three Frostgrave players at Hotlead 2017. This picture was taken by Randall Carder and posted with their permission.
The table itself looked absolutely fantastic!
Photo taken by Randall Carder and posted with their permission.
Photo taken by Randall Carder and posted with their permission.
A picture of an exploded house with an intact one in the distance. For those wondering, all four terrain pieces showcased here (Ruined House, Bridge, White and Brown House, and Ruins in-between) are all made by XOLK. Photo taken by Randall Carder and posted with their permission.
Photo taken by Randall Carder and posted with their permission.
Running a game at a Convention is nothing new to me. My games at Hotlead are the third and fourth games that I have run at conventions. The first game I ever ran at a Convention was Mansions of Madness. The second was A Fistful of Kung Fu. The people at my Fistful of Kung Fu table enjoyed themselves, but I wanted to show the difference in table quality between that game and what I ran at Hotlead 2017. Check out these pictures.
The Fistful of Kung Fu table is functional, but certainly not as pretty as the Frostgrave table above.
My terrain included birdhouses that I cut open and modified into houses for miniature combat.
The Fistful of Kung Fu table certainly was functional, but has nowhere near the same appeal as the Frostgrave table that I just ran. Check out the table below. It is absolutely gorgeous and a large part of that is due to corporate sponsorship and some help from some friends.
Check out how great this table looks!!! Simply stunning!!!
Specific to this event, my sponsors were Osprey Games, XOLK and North Star Military Figures. Osprey Publishing provided prize support, XOLK provided MDF Terrain and North Star sent me Chilopendra miniatures and a special miniature to represent Tiszirain (a Demon Lord).
On top of those companies, Jeremy Cada of Forbes Hobbies in Cambridge (Ontario, Canada) helped Must Contain Minis by painting up the Chilopendra and Tiszirain Demons for the table. My friends Dave and Randall also provided some terrain to help fill the table. With this help, I had a stellar looking table.
As a thank you to all of the companies that have helped Must Contain Minis along the way, I made an effort to include each of them somehow at the demo table. The only company that I could not work into the event was Hyacinth Games (the makers of Wreckage).
From Asmodee, I used miniatures from the Conan Board Game as a Warband and used Conan themselves as one of the Barbarians. The gaming Mat came from Cigar Box Battle and I used the scenery from RAINN Studios‘ Battle Pack as spell effects and as a back up plan for ruins in case Dave and Randall could not make it to the convention with their terrain.
I also included several products from companies that have not sponsored Must Contain Minis. That includes multiple scenery elements from Six Squared Studios (craters, barrels and a Huge Keg) and Warbands with Miniatures by Reaper Miniatures and RAFM Miniatures.
Another look at the table. On each side, one Warband would deploy in the middle while the other four Warbands would deploy in the corners.
To determine the winners, I developed my own modified scoring system. In this system, points were given for normal conditions that would give Wizards Experience in the scenario. On top of the rewards available to all players, each Warband had their own hidden objective worth points if completed. The scenarios played included Mortal Shells in the Afternoon and Rescue the Prince in the Evening.
For the Afternoon game, some of those hidden Objectives included controlling a specific opponent's warband members through the use of a Control Construct or Control Animal Spell, Walking Demons off the board through the use of the Bind Demon spell, or killing creatures (or warband members) on the board with specific spells. The Evening's game also had specific hidden Objectives, but I will not disclose them at this point as I plan to re-run that scenario at Broadsword 3.
Check out the Terrain!!! The house and boards are by XOLK while the craters are made by Six Squared Studios.
A look at the Centre most objective from Mortal Shells.
Another picture of scenery.
In Mortal Shells, the Players must read the ruins written on the walls in the middle of the table to gain the most amount of points. The game was set to run until we either ran out of time, or two of the six warbands left the board (either by elimination or by walking off). Aside from two wizards who got extra points for killing creatures (and warband opponents) with specific spells, all point incentives to kill Wizards and Apprentices were removed from the first game. I didn't want players going for player elimination right away.
All of the players cautiously move towards the centre.
The shooty dwarf faction squares off against the other dwarf faction that focuses on constructs – killing one of them.
Multiple Wizards converge to the centre.
The shooty faction is finding themselves in a bit of trouble with a construct and assassin.
With a couple of exceptions, most of the combat was between warband members rather than Wizards. The Wizards were too busy trying to gain new knowledge from the ruins.
In the end, it was the Necromancer Player that won this scenario by points. In the evening's scenario, things were different. In the evening games, the gloves were off. Wizards would now gain points for killing enemy Wizards, Apprentices and Warband members. In their secret objectives, I purposely set specific Warbands against each other – but to my surprise players found other reasons to attack each other.
The scenario this time was Save the Prince (also from Forgotten Pacts). In the middle of the table was an evil wizard preparing a sacrifice to raise an evil demon. This game timed out, so I will be sure to play this one on a smaller surface at my next convention. Regardless, my players had fun. It was the Enchanter's Warband that won this scenario.
Here the Necromancer is trying to get to the middle of the table while the Enchanter has their warband engage the Necromancer in a pincer movement with attackers rushing in from the front and rear.
A better look at the objective the warbands are trying to get to.
On the other side of the table, the Summoner is making good use of the Fog Spell to save themselves from the shooty Dwarfs camping right beside him.
These are some of the ranged attackers giving the Summoner a hard time. The Dwarf in the back with a Flame Thrower is an Elementalist and almost came in first. The Enchanter squeaked out a win in the last turn.
Here we had two warbands making their way across the bridge to stop the Wizard from summoning Tiszirain
Unfortunately, this is about where we ran out of time. Tiszirain was not summoned, but the prince was never rescued either so no one got points for preventing the Demon from being summoned. The enchanter completed one of their two hidden objectives and won on points based on that.
I hope that everyone enjoyed reading this article about the Frostgrave games at Hotlead 2017. For those that want more background information on this game, below is a list of related articles.
For those interested in more, I ran the last scenario at Broadsword 3 with a different result. Tiszirain was actually summoned!!! Check out the Battle Report!
Until next time, Happy Gaming Everyone!!!
Must Contain Minis is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.
CLOSE An exclusive reveal video for the character of Kanan, a Jedi voiced by Freddie Prinze Jr. on the animated series "Star Wars Rebels." Lucasfilm
Freddie Prinze Jr. voices the character of Kanan on the upcoming animated series 'Star Wars Rebels.'
The "cowboy" Jedi named Kanan (voiced by Freddie Prinze Jr.) takes on the Empire with lightsaber, blaster and attitude in hand in the animated series "Star Wars Rebels." (Photo11: Lucasfilm) Story Highlights Freddie Prinze Jr. voices the character of Kanan on the upcoming animated series 'Star Wars Rebels'
Kanan is a survivor of 'Order 66,' where the Empire began its extermination of the Jedi order
'Rebels' on Disney Channel in the fall
Freddie Prinze Jr. was born to play a Jedi. They even have the scars on their face to prove it, the result of some lightsaber fights as a 4-year-old rough-housing with friends.
As an adult, the actor is voicing the character of Kanan, a gunslinger full of bravado and the Force who's one of the new main players in the upcoming animated series Star Wars Rebels. The show debuts with a one-hour special on Disney Channel in the fall before moving to half-hour episodes on Disney XD.
"For people who are around our age and a bit older, Star Wars is in our DNA," says Prinze, 37. "I've heard 'May the Force be with you' about as many times as 'Hey, how are you doing?' "
Rebel takes place 14 years after the last of the movie prequels, 2005'sStar Wars: Episode III — Revenge of the Sith, when the evil Emperor enacted "Order 66" to wipe out all the Jedi in the galaxy, sending the likes of Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda into hiding.
MORE: 'Rebels' begins a new chapter in 'Star Wars' history
Since then, Kanan has been on the down-low, too. They keep their lightsaber under lock and key and brandishes a blaster instead to avoid the attention of the Empire, especially the Inquisitor (a Sith villain) and their Stormtroopers. But Kanan gets their Force-ful groove back with their crew on the spaceship The Ghost and fights back against the imperial menace.
The "Star Wars Rebels" character Kanan, voiced by Freddie Prinze Jr., has a symbol on their shoulder armor that looks an awful lot like the later Rebel Alliance sigil. (Photo11: Lucasfilm)
"He's been forced to shove a massive part of their life under the bed, so to speak," Prinze says. "Is they living a lie? At a certain point, the lie kind of becomes the reality. And to suddenly be forced back into your Jedi ways, it'd be a bit of a challenge for him. And pretty awesome, too, when you can see what a Jedi can actually do."
Executive producer Dave Filoni describes Kanan as a "cowboy Jedi." And unlike the stoic knights of their order in the Star Wars mythos, their banter is as sharp as their blue lightsaber strokes.
There is some melancholy, too. Kanan lived through the attempted extinction of an entire culture when Order 66 came down during their formative years, and he's massively affected by it, says Prinze.
"He definitely has seen more than what a young man should see. And what they had to see was pretty much the worst thing you would have to witness."
Prinze probably would have accepted any role on Star Wars Rebels, be it a bounty hunter, Sith lord or even a TIE Fighter pilot, but "the Jedi is who you want to be," they say. "I never wanted to be C-3PO. That would suck to just be running from bad guys."
In addition to voicing Kanan, Prinze is prepping their 4-year-old daughter Charlotte, one of two kids they have with actor wife Sarah Michelle Gellar, to watch the original Star Wars. That's "so they can know just how awesome a lightsaber is and they can know just how awesome their daddy is for the rest of their life.''
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1aSkjb7
Mortgage applications for home purchases fell almost 7% last week, fading recent gains and hovering once again back at 20 year-lows (entirely unable to reflect the housing 'recovery' for the average joe). The plunge in applications comes as mortgage rates crash back to 4% - the lowest in 19 months. The reason - apart from unaffordability - is explained by Citi's Will Randow who notes the spillover effects of the "unequivocally good for everyone" drop in oil prices has a dramatic effect on both jobs (prolonged price drop means a loss of ~200k jobs) and housing (starts expected to drop 100k if oil prices remain low). Maybe talking-heads should reconsider that "unequivocally good" narrative.
Mortgage applications tumble back near 20-year lows...
And Architect activity is plunging...
Even as Mortgage rates near record lows...
* * *
As Citi explains, the drop in oil could be responsible for the apparent lack of demand...
The upstream oil & gas industry (i.e. extraction, support activities for operations, and related machinery manufacturing) has added roughly ~0.2M jobs since nonfarm payrolls bottomed in July 2010 (TTM avg), which represents 16% of goods producing jobs added and 2% of total jobs added since then. Assuming a prolonged decline in oil prices below $60 per barrel causes the ~0.2M jobs added to cease, our sensitivity analysis leads us to believe that ~0.1M cumulative US Housing Starts are potentially at risk, factoring in that ~0.2M jobs are eliminated at the current ~1.7 jobs per US household ratio. Among US homebuilder end-markets, Houston and other parts of Texas appear to have the largest potential risk associated with lower oil prices and related job losses. The last time oil prices sustained (current dollar) price levels below $60 per barrel, annual TX housing permits bottomed at ~40K homes (TTM) versus ~160K homes in October 2014 (TTM), but did eventually recover, even at sustained lower oil price levels. So, similarly, it appears downside risk is near ~0.1M in incremental lost Housing Starts, predominantly in Texas.
Charts: Bloomberg
Barack Obama is turning their new home in the posh Kalorama section of the nation's capital - just two miles away from the White House - into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against their successor, President Donald J. Trump.
Obama's goal, according to a close family friend, is to oust Trump from the presidency either by forcing their resignation or through their impeachment.
And Obama is being aided in their political crusade by their longtime consigliere, Valerie Jarrett, who has moved into the 8,200-square-foot, $5.3-million Kaloroma mansion with the former president and Michelle Obama, long time best friends.
Jarrett played a vital - if at times low-key - role in the Obama presidency. They lived in the White House, dined with the Obamas, and help shape their domestic and foreign policies.
Barack Obama is turning their new home in the posh Kalorama neughborhood into the nerve center of the mounting insurgency against their successor, President Donald J. Trump with Valerie Jarrett by their side
Obama is being aided in their political crusade by their longtime consigliere Jarrett, who has moved into the 8,200-square-foot, $5.3-million Kaloroma mansion
The former president has set up an office on the West End of the national's capitol, where they recently hosted an open house for their White House staff - including Joe Biden, Susan Rice, Josh Earnest and Jarrett.
But the office, part of their post presidency perks, cannot be used for political purposes. The rent on their home is paid by them personally.
On Tuesday, former Attorney General Eric Holder revealed that Obama is indeed getting closer to making their public reappearance in politics.
'It's coming. He's coming,' Holder said speaking to reporters. 'And he's ready to roll.'
According to the family source, Obama was at first reluctant to assume the role of leader of the opposition.
'No longer the most powerful man in the world, they were just observing Trump and not liking what they saw,' said the source.
'He was weary and burned out after eight years in office. But Valerie convinced them that they didn't have any choice if they wanted to save their legacy. And, as usual, they bowed to Valerie's political wisdom and advice.'
In their only public comment against Trump since leaving the presidency, Obama came out in support of the protests opposing President Donald Trump's executive order to restrict immigration from predominantly Muslim countries.
A spokesperson said the former president thinks they're 'citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organize and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake.'
Jarrett played a vital—if at times hidden—role in the Obama presidency. They lived in the White, dined with the Obamas, and help shape their domestic and foreign policies
After Obama left office, Jarrett moved all their White House belonging into the Kalorama mansion.
'There was never any doubt that Valerie would have a suite of rooms in the house that the Obama's are renting,' said the source. 'Obama trusts their judgment more than any other person on the planet, as does Michelle.
Obama doesn't make a decision without her.'
Spurred on by Jarrett and Michelle, the ex-president has come to embrace their role as the leader of the opposition against Trump, whose policies they loathe and whose presidency they consider illegitimate.
'He is going to use their immense popularity with the half of the country that identifies as liberals and progressives,' said the Obama family source. 'Millions of Americans are energized and ready to take to the streets to oppose Trump, but they need to be organized and have their anger focused and directed.
'Obama is dismayed at the way Trump is tearing down their legacy—ObamaCare, the social safety net and the welcome mat for refugees they put in place,' the source continued.
Trump's cabinet picks are also problematic for the former president, especially Jeff Sessions as Attorney General, whom Obama regards as too racially insensitive to be in charge of the Civil Rights division at Justice.
Leaving Jim Comey as FBI Director is another thorn in Obama's side. They blame Comey for announcing that they were reopening the FBI investigation into Hillary's emails eleven days before the election, which, in Obama's view, was an irresponsible act that helped elect Trump.
'He had hoped to write their memoirs, golf to their heart's content. and bask in the glory of their eight years in power and the progressive achievements they brought about. Instead, they are going to be leading the fight and strategy to topple Trump.' says the insider.
The Kalorama house, which the Obama's are renting from Joe Lockhart, who was Bill Clinton's press secretary, is still being refurbished and redecorated by Michelle.
'Michelle and Valerie have changed their minds many times over about colors, carpets, wall paper, furnishing and art,' said the source.
Michelle hired Los Angeles-based interior designer Michel S. Smith, who designed several rooms in The White House during their residence, to decorate the Kalorama home. Smith will also decorate the Obama's new home in Rancho Mirage, California.
According to the source, Michelle and Valerie have big plans for traveling and shopping as well as strategizing over Trump.
The Obamas and Jarrett have been thick as thieves. Jarrett was living in the White House and dined with the couple
The friend said that Valerie and their signature enormous totes are going to be packed and ready to go for shopping sprees with Michelle from their native Chicago to Paris and the Far East, including Shanghai.
'They feel like they have had some great trips while in the White House, but were always working and being herded around,' said the source. 'Now they are planning to travel together - home to Chicago, to Paris and Shanghai, and shop to their heart's content.
'The Obamas both love the Kalorama house and are making it their own,' continued the source. 'They have plans to build a pool on the grounds. And they are almost certainly going to wind up buying the house from Lockart in the next few years.
'They are also planning to have a house in Hawaii, as well as in Chicago, where the Obama Presidential Library will be built. But Kalorama, where the Washington action takes place, is going to be home base.'
Massive opportunities in urban transportation are emerging as the industry transitions from per-vehicle to per-mile economics
Growing up, I dreamed of owning cars I would be proud to wax, polish, and cruise around my neighborhood. Today, I dread the prospect of being weighed down by a rapidly depreciating hunk of plastic and metal. Now all I want is a pleasant transportation experience.
Millennials share my sentiment toward vehicle ownership, and many of them are embracing the convenience of ride sharing.
The trillion-dollar auto industry is being turned on its head. Automotive companies are getting squeezed as car sales drop and newcomers eat their margins.
As part of this shift, the industry is transitioning from per-vehicle to per-mile economics. Historically, the automotive industry has been measured by how quickly it assembles cars, pushes them to customers, lends money against them, and collects money to maintain and upgrade them.
Tomorrow, the industry will be measured by how many miles it moves passengers, and how much margin it generates on every mile traveled.
Vehicles will travel 3.17 trillion miles in 2017 — a 7.8% increase from five years ago. The trend will continue: The rise of electric vehicles and automated driving mean we can expect a lower environmental and labor impact, as well as lower prices.
Automakers should not worry about being put out of business. Some will not survive the evolution. A but a number of them will be key players in tomorrow's per-mile realm. Some will become white-label, commodity producers of vehicles for Uber, Lyft, or Zoox fleets. Others, such as GM, Audi, and BMW, may choose to compete with the ride-sharing giants and operate their own fleets.
Which businesses are positioned to capture the majority of the dollars for the many billions of miles driven? A few possibilities:
Insurance: Robo-taxi technology has almost arrived. So far, there isn't a legal framework in which an operator can offer autonomous services. Such a framework would help to set limits on the liabilities of passengers, operators, and technology vendors. When the limits of those liabilities are known, insurers can design and offer policies for each group. Startups will need to take a leadership role in helping insurance companies model the risk of computer vision, AI and other technology malfunctioning. Given the expectation of slower auto sales, incumbent insurance companies should be delighted to pursue this nascent market, which could turn into the bulk of their business someday.
Robo-taxi technology has almost arrived. So far, there isn't a legal framework in which an operator can offer autonomous services. Such a framework would help to set limits on the liabilities of passengers, operators, and technology vendors. When the limits of those liabilities are known, insurers can design and offer policies for each group. Startups will need to take a leadership role in helping insurance companies model the risk of computer vision, AI and other technology malfunctioning. Given the expectation of slower auto sales, incumbent insurance companies should be delighted to pursue this nascent market, which could turn into the bulk of their business someday. Compliance: Limiting operators' liabilities will require strict safety regulation compliance. These regulations could include building and running simulations on the AI, as well as monitoring and auditing tele-operations (i.e., humans remotely overseeing the autonomous vehicles).
Limiting operators' liabilities will require strict safety regulation compliance. These regulations could include building and running simulations on the AI, as well as monitoring and auditing tele-operations (i.e., humans remotely overseeing the autonomous vehicles). Distribution: Today, Uber and Lyft own the primary channels to ridesharing. Their vast network of drivers and colossal cash coffers have allowed them to lock down the industry and squash competitors. So far, neither of them is building their own vehicles. Traditional automakers have an opportunity to rethink the experience of passengers, as well. If they start from first principles, they will find themselves designing and building very different vehicles than what they've made in the past. New and emerging companies, such as Zoox (disclosure: my firm is an investor), are being built from the ground up to design and operate sophisticated transportation robots for this new era of driverless transportation.
Today, Uber and Lyft own the primary channels to ridesharing. Their vast network of drivers and colossal cash coffers have allowed them to lock down the industry and squash competitors. So far, neither of them is building their own vehicles. Traditional automakers have an opportunity to rethink the experience of passengers, as well. If they start from first principles, they will find themselves designing and building very different vehicles than what they've made in the past. New and emerging companies, such as Zoox (disclosure: my firm is an investor), are being built from the ground up to design and operate sophisticated transportation robots for this new era of driverless transportation. In-vehicle services: Forget mobile devices; “driverless” is the new platform. Highly personalized, rich environments can be created to stimulate and engage with passengers. Voice interfaces can tune the experience in the vehicle, and serve as a concierge for not only that a single trip or a series of trips over multiple vehicles and in multiple locales. Imagine tours provided by robotic cars that “know” passenger tastes, preferences, and previous destinations. Your driverless tour guide showing you around Bangkok “knows” your preferences from your prior tours in Rome and São Paulo. They can tap into your social media profile to recommend dining, shopping and entertainment experiences.
Forget mobile devices; “driverless” is the new platform. Highly personalized, rich environments can be created to stimulate and engage with passengers. Voice interfaces can tune the experience in the vehicle, and serve as a concierge for not only that a single trip or a series of trips over multiple vehicles and in multiple locales. Imagine tours provided by robotic cars that “know” passenger tastes, preferences, and previous destinations. Your driverless tour guide showing you around Bangkok “knows” your preferences from your prior tours in Rome and São Paulo. They can tap into your social media profile to recommend dining, shopping and entertainment experiences. Autonomous technology: It is well-established that companies who build unique technology that enables autonomous driving are positioned to reap massive benefits. Non-auto-tech companies are seeing the opportunity and snapping up innovative companies. Intel paid a premium for MobileEye and positioned itself as a major Tier 2 automotive supplier. The channel that Intel acquired through this purchase will enable Intel to sell many other technologies, such as chips, sensors, and software, into the automotive supply chain.
Trillions of dollars worth of new opportunities abound in the coming era of autonomous travel. If history has taught me anything, it's that this new paradigm will spur entirely new ways of living that we haven't yet considered. As for myself?
As a gearhead, I'm most looking forward to getting from A to B by robot, and manually pushing performance cars to their limits on racetracks.
by Dylan “OMD” St. Clair
Melee is like NASCAR. Yes, NASCAR.
Races are held weekly, also like golf. At the end of the day, the winner stands above the other competitors, lifts the trophy and cameras capture the moment.
But there's one difference in the two, outside of the obvious “one's in a car, the other's in a chair.” And this is where the other half of the dilemma stands.
As the season ends for NASCAR, the season's champion stands separate from the race winner and is awarded the trophy that cements their legacy. As of now, there is no set-in-stone championship for Melee.
We have winners/champions for individual tournaments. For example, when you go to Armada's Twitter and read their bio, it doesn't read “Melee World Champion.” It reads “Winner of Melee at Evo 2015.” Mango's is similar: “Back to Back Evolution Champion 2014-2014. Mlg Champion.”
And while both of those resumes are accomplishments and it's hard to argue that they weren't the best players during the reigns, who's to say that someone else isn't the champion?
Who is to say that Leffen shouldn't be the world champion, after winning CEO, FC Return and WTFox back-to-back-to-back? Who is to say PPMD isn't the world champion for winning the largest Smash-centered tournament, Apex? Who's to say HungryBox isn't in that running by being the only other member of the Top 6 that has won a tournament that had 3 other Sinister Six members present?
It's not what the PGA does. It's not what tennis does. But knowing how Melee players love saying they're the best, it's only fitting to have something more than 4 Grand Smashes.
Crown the Winner
As I implied by the ending to part one, November and December are still available months to use for something serious to end the year. Why not use it as the Melee Championship?
Now what would make this event different from the others? For starters, there would be no open bracket. This is an event solely available to those that competed and succeeded in the Grand Smashes. While that would be a bummer to those that are just out of qualifying position, the importance on the four Nationals would become even greater.
It would also be a bracket that is set in stone a month to two months in advance. Why? It would give all the competitors the chance to have an extended time to look over footage of their potential opposition. It would give them time to heal and rest up, both mentally and emotionally. And, like anything you have to wait for, there would be a level of excitement that would continue to build.
Now to determine how the championship will work will take some discussion from all members of the community. There are examples for how this could work already present. Going back to NASCAR, there could a point system in place for the four Grand Smashes that grant points depending on their placement. It could work like many circuits work. MLG and the Capcom Cup both have had qualifiers in which the winners for those four were guaranteed a spot and the rest of the spots were determined based on points earned.
However big of a bracket we decide to run with, (16 or 32 entrants sounds good to me for reasons I'll talk about later) it would be a single-day event where an entirely 3-out-of-5 bracket is played out.
But what's the draw to this? Why do it this way instead of running a 1000-2000 player open bracket over a few days and give the qualifiers a guaranteed spot like MLG Anaheim?
A Viewer's Paradise
To me, doing it this way with a select number of players gives us an opportunity to see high level Melee in one sitting with ultimate viewing pleasure. Take any tournament that runs pools. The first hour or two is filled with match after match of one-sided domination and (sometimes) awkward commentary because of the blowout. I can attest, commentating those matches can be hard and I never remain invested in the play of one or both players.
With a tournament like this, all matches could be streamed by multiple channels, similar to the way Evo was run. Having three channels (VGBC, Clash Tournaments, Showdowngg as examples) could have a match pre-scheduled to play out on their stream at all times. With a system like this and having ever-updating bracket websites like Challonge or Smash.gg, viewers at home could always know where to go to see what matches they desire.
And on top of this, this is an opportunity for coverage and involvement. Smash.gg has already begun a fantasy game (that is super cool and a lot of fun to experiment with, by the way). For this they could give birth to a fantasy bracket competition like NCAA's March Madness, where people not only choose who they think will win, but the number of sets.
Melee It On Me continues to do pre-tourney shows like the pregame show any sports network does before a game. That trend could continue. And like what MIOM does, other gaming and eSports businesses would be able to produce content and interviews while at the event. Screwattack has provided coverage for our events. Azubu and EvenMatchupGaming both did interview of players before, during and after Evo 2014.
What about the people in attendance? What's to gain for them if they aren't actually competing?
That argument doesn't work for other eSports, where fans fill arenas to watch the game that they love. And prior to the event, vendors and booths could be set up to accommodate them like what happens at other events and conventions.
Plus, they will be in person, getting to watch the great play at their highest level. It's the Super Bowl of Smash.
Again, All Just Ideas
I'm a sports minded person, as all you readers have seen by the population of my professional analogies. But doing it this way, like many sports do, makes sense to me. Melee is popular, so it makes sense that it would flourish like the popularity of sports championships.
And maybe this is just me dreaming of the biggest stage Melee could attain (actually, that's pretty much all this is). But the possibilities are there. The competition is at its highest point. Our streamers have stepped up their game over the last few years. Our TOs, commentators, technology and fans have all grown in skill, potential and numbers.
This is what I can see Melee reaching. Maybe not in 2016. But with a game with the kind of longevity that Melee has, it could get to that point.
Like I mentioned, these are all just ideas. Nothing I say is the law. It's just something to get the ball rolling, like Tafokints did for a number of us just days prior.
An atmospheric research station in Central Otago has been awarded top-tier global status.
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
NIWA's Lauder station will be certified as one of the first five sites in the international GRUAN network at a ceremony in Geneva in June.
GRUAN stands for the Global Reference Upper Air Network, and is a key scientific foundation for accurate measurement of climate change, involving temperature changes of small fractions of degrees per year.
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
Lauder was already key to the global scientific effort tracking the hole in the Earth's ozone layer, and now had a growing role at the forefront of climate science.
The certification meant the research station was recognised as one of the world's best long-term atmospheric monitoring sites in the world, and the only one in the southern hemisphere.
One of Lauder's key monitoring programmes was a weekly balloon launch.
The white hydrogen-filled balloon and the white box it carried cost about $1,000 each.
Inside the box was electronic equipment measuring a range of gases as the balloon rises more than 30 kms into the air.
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
Lauder also hosted and maintained more than 20 ground-based measurement systems for research teams around the world, including lasers which go up 50 kms and weather monitors.
The NIWA scientist who led the project to get accredited Richard Querel said it took more than six months of audits to prove the quality of every aspect of Lauder's systems.
Dr Querel said Lauder was already a household name in the atmospheric science community, and now its fame would grow.
Photo: RNZ / Ian Telfer
The chief executive of Metservice Peter Lennox said Lauder's certification was one of the highest accolades it could get, and another example of New Zealand science punching above its weight.
Montella tests new Milan formation
By Football Italia staff
Milan are experimenting with a new 3-4-2-1 formation with Hakan Calhanoglu and Suso supporting Andre Silva.
The Rossoneri host new boys SPAL on Wednesday evening, click here for a match preview.
Andrea Conti and Luca Antonelli are still out of action, while Coach Vincenzo Montella confirmed Andre Silva will start in attack.
They have been working on a three-man defence, but the rest of the tactical shape has been fluid in recent weeks.
According to Sky Sport Italia, much depends on the role Calhanoglu is given, as they proved devastating as a trequartista in the 5-1 Europa League victory away to Austria Vienna.
Suso struggled playing as more of a support striker against Udinese, so Montella is trying to balance the two issues.
He'd therefore use Calhanoglu and Suso as dual trequartisti, with Ignazio Abate and Ricardo Rodriguez on the wings.
Calhanoglu would be tasked with tracking back when off the ball to help the midfield.
It is essentially Carlo Ancelotti's old Christmas Tree formation, but with a more slender trunk.
Milan (probable): Donnarumma; Musacchio, Bonucci, Romagnoli; Abate, Kessie, Biglia, Rodriguez; Suso, Calhanoglu, Andre Silva
Harrison has a hate problem.
I live in a community that has long been plagued by the pernicious acts of a hate group. There are various splinter groups they organize under in an attempt to re-brand themselves and disguise their true intentions, but it's always the same gang of familiar scowling faces.
They purchase billboard space along the highway that runs through our town and use the space to promote their hateful racist philosophies. I won't do these goons the favor of publishing their messages or the names of their leaders here, but you can easily find all of this with a Google search. The dominant theme of their messaging has been one of white supremacy, but as you will see in this photo essay, their true stock-in-trade is hate.
I'm here to tell the world the truth: we are not afraid of these people. We reject and rebuke them and their hate in the name of Love. Harrison is a kind and loving community.
The good people of this community - and there are many of us - are disgusted and frustrated by the continued antagonistic actions of these who hide behind their symbols and misappropriated religious philosophies. The legion of true Christians in our community is disgusted by the hateful perversion of Jesus' Gospel of Love to promote their poisonous philosophy of hatred.
Our community is harmed on a daily basis by the selfish and crude acts of this hateful few. Our local business owners - especially those with a tourism-based business - see their revenue dwindle as more and more tourist traffic is frightened away from stopping here due to the hate speech on our highways and the negative press that constantly rains down upon us by well-meaning but misinformed news media from across the nation and the world. They are polluting the minds of our children who see these messages in public and are subconsciously taught that such language and philosophy is acceptable in civilized society, and that Christianity is about hatred and judgment and fear.
It's easy for outsiders to point fingers at our community and say, "They shouldn't allow that," but the problem is much more complicated than any simple solutions would suggest. There are freedom of speech issues, religious freedom issues, and frankly there are issues of fear and safety.
A Culture of Fear
I cannot overstate the fear and intimidation factor that the hate group once held over the people of this town. It's not hard to understand why: we live within easy reach of extremist religious zealots who seem dangerously misguided, heavily armed, and very capable of violence. They are also invisible. The secretive nature of their organizations means that anyone could be a member or a friend of the group. This creates a culture of fear and mistrust. Imagine that you wanted to do something to fix the problem, but you feared for the safety of yourself, your family and your pets. That's been the climate in Harrison. People try to keep their heads down and their noses clean, to stay safe. It's time for that to end.
All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.
16th of July 2013, 0 comments, category: Innovation Stories
by Maria Serra, Onclaude Founder
The weather has been decidedly cool for this time of year in the Mediterranean, but Marseille is nevertheless enjoying a remarkable "summer of culture" and promises to become the next cultural hotspot in Southern Europe.
Designated as Capital of Culture for 2013, the French city, and the entire Provence region in fact, has embraced the challenge of trying to show that the feat of bringing together culture and innovation in the Mediterranean is far from unrealisable.
Paris is watching, perhaps a little curious and apprehensive at the same time, as Marseille is starting to come into its own, but it must wonder, like everyone else, what will happen when all the generous European funding dries up.
What is undeniable is that Marseille, despite still being the poorest city in France, is actually the second largest in the country and has the potential to become even bigger. Furthermore, it's bustling with young people (read: a fast-growing young population).
The Capital can be reached in just one hour with the TGV fast trains that link the city with virtually anywhere in the country and the gap in terms of services and facilities is finally starting to narrow, offering new unexpected opportunities and comforts.
Co-working was pioneered in 2007 by La Boate and new spaces have opened in the last couple of years such as a Marseille equivalent to La Ruche in Paris. La Ruche-Marseille which provides young families with a "micro-creche" (kindergarten) as well as with co-working space and services, is currently incubated by Inter-Made, a “couveuse” (incubator) entirely dedicated to social innovation projects. Another start-up venture supported by Inter-Made is Atelier Ni a workshop run by a collective of artists and designers which hire their space, tools and machines to colleagues that want to self-produce their works but do not have their own facilities.
The working-class district of Belle de Mai, in particular, which is currently undergoing significant urban renovation, is attracting an increasing number of young professionals and entrepreneurs who virtually had no presence there before.
A former 120,000m² tobacco factory has been converted into three integrated centres for creation and production, including the Media Park, part of Marseille Innovation accelerator which houses a large number of broadcasting companies, production studios, distributors and creative agencies, and La Friche (the Fallow or the Wasteland), which supports artists, organisations and start-ups working in creative fields from visual to digital arts to theatre to music.
The whole city has enjoyed a massive revamp since the mid-1990s when the "Euroméditerranée" project, which continues to this day, first started. The most ambitious urban renewal programme that Southern Europe has ever seen, the project extends over an area of 480 hectares and brings with it 7 billion Euros of investment.
Marseille and the surrounding region also boast exceptional opportunities for education. Aix-Marseille University which dates back to 1409, last year became the largest university in any French-speaking country in the world, thanks to 720-million-Euro's worth of investment. It has merged with three other institutions and now spreads over five different campuses serving about 70,000 students in total.
At the same time, Marseille cannot quite seem to get away from its heritage of violence and corruption on a level that no other city in France has ever experienced. Its sinister reputation as “a city of gangsters” developed in the 1940s and has, unfortunately, overshadowed its remarkably glorious maritime past ever since.
Marseille continues to be blighted by crime and drug trafficking in particular, but winning the title of European Capital of Culture 2013 has certainly given it the opportunity to invest in a better future. The city seems to have reached a real turning point and the excitement surrounding it is unlikely to fade anytime soon.
Watch our interview with Marco Pasqualini, Deputy International Relations Coordinator for MP2013, Marseille-Provence 2013 European Capital of Culture.
There are a lot of exciting events and exhibitions coming up that you might want to check out. Watch the second part of our interview with Marco Pasqualini suggesting all must-see summer and autumn events.
Events
Architectones, Xavier Veilhan
12 June – 30 September
MAMO - Marseille Modulor, Centre d'art de la Cité Radieuse, Marseille, Boulevard Michelet
The artist brings their project “Architectones”, which instigates a continuous dialogue between art and architecture, modernism and modernity, to the rooftop of Le Corbusier's Cité Radieuse (the space was originally conceived as a gym by the Swiss architect, but has since been completely renovated). The MAMO Contemporary Art Centre has been funded by French designer Ora Ito in partnership with Audi Talent Awards.
Un Bouquet, 5 couleurs moins une
La Pyramide, Istres (Provence)
5 July – 31 December
A site-specific installation by artist Daniel Buren in a former watersports centre. The artist is also due to create a permanent public installation for Istres' “Hôtel de Ville” (Town Hall), which will be unveiled in autumn.
New Order
Friche la Belle de Mai
La Belle de Mai district, Marseille
6 July – 31 December
A project by Atelier Van Lieshout exploring a “new order” in urban and social organisations, featuring an array of exhibitions, debates, films, concerts and performances.
Invisible Design
13 July - 13 August
Kulte Concept Store, 8 Rue de la Loge (old port area)
19 October
MuCEM (port area), Marseille
Invisible design is a call for projects for emerging designers and artists based in Marseille. Supported by the Popular Bank of Provence and Corsica as part of Marseille 2013 OFF programme, the initiative aims at "making the invisible visible" fostering new local talents.
www.invisibledesignlive.com
www.facebook.com/invisible.design.live
E-topie
Fondation Vasarely and other venues, Aix-en-Provence
10 October – 10 November
Exhibitions, installation performances, video mapping projections. An exploration of contemporary creations and new technologies.
http://innov-art.org
Le Corbusier (as an artist)
J1 Hangar
Place de la Joliette, Marseille
11 October – 12 January 2014
A major exhibition on Le Corbusier as an artist, showcasing a collection of unique art pieces that they produced in the last 20 years of their career including paintings, sculptures, tapestries, lithographs, enamels, still and moving images and more. The J1 is a former 6,000m² hangar converted into a public centre for arts and culture, which hosts a 2,500m² exhibition space on its upper level, as well as a bar/restaurant with a truly breathtaking view of the port and beyond.
Urban Image
Salles à Lunel and other venues, Aix-en-Provence
November (dates TBC)
A film festival on architecture and urban spaces.
Museums
MuCEM, Museum of European and Mediterranean Civilisations
Fort St Jean (port area), Marseille
Hosts permanent collections, exhibitions, events, theatre performances, film screenings, music and festivals. This new building has been designed by Marseille-based architect Rudy Ricciotti.
www.mucem.org
Villa Méditerranée
Port area, Marseille
International centre for dialogue and discussion in the Mediterranean. It hosts various exhibitions and events including debates, performances, film screenings and concerts. This new building has been designed by Italian architect Stefano Boeri.
www.villa-mediterranee.org
Fonds Régional d'Art Contemporain Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
Boulevard de Dunkerque, Marseille
A new building for the Regional Fund for Contemporary Art designed by Kenzo Kuma.
www.fracpaca.org
All pictures are ©Onclaude.
In a previous post, I wrote about my belief that the world was ultimately moving to large-scale, public, decentralised technology models, and these would give rise to global, public, decentralised platforms for enterprises. The impetus for that post was the announcement of the Enterprise Ethereum project, and my focus was on blockchain and the debate around permission-less or permissioned ledgers.
Blockchain, however, is only part of the picture. Today we're seeing a grand convergence of several technology mega-trends that, working together, will make these future platforms extremely smart, fully autonomous, hyper-connected, fully decentralised and very broad-based.
While it is the technologists who are building these platforms, it will fall to business decision makers to figure out how best to use them commercially. Certain industries are racing ahead in thinking about the radically new business models this future will bring. Others, including financial services, seem to me to be lagging.
I think that's a mistake, as I intend to discuss in a later post. Here I would like to look at this convergence in some detail, as I think enterprises really need to understand the new environment they will eventually being doing business in.
All together now
Today, as people have recognised when for example talking about the fourth industrial revolution, we have at our disposal the various technological ingredients needed for radical automation and radical decentralisation. Most prominent among these, at least in a commercial context, are artificial intelligence (including, but not limited to, machine learning), big data, the Internet of Things (IoT), and edge computing.
Advances in each of these fields represent extremely interesting new technological capabilities in themselves, but to be truly useful for platform building, they need to work in tandem. That's because they have a number of dependencies.
For example, thanks to artificial intelligence we can teach computers to think for themselves and make autonomous decisions orders of magnitude faster (and at some point orders of magnitude better) than we can. But thinking machines first need to be educated, either by being fed a steady stream of information so they can learn on their own, or by being given robust-enough models of the world to allow them to make intelligent choices without our help. The prerequisite for this is having enough information around in digital form with which to train our machines. This was impossible before big data.
Once our machines can “think”, we will want to “do”. To drive true large-scale automation, our AI decision makers will need to manipulate real-world devices outside of themselves. But this only works on devices that can receive messages, understand what they are being asked to do, and autonomously carry out their instructions. This wasn't possible before the IoT. And, as we are learning, for IoT-enabled devices to be able to react quickly, and so be useful in a decentralised world, they will not be able to wait for data and instruction from the cloud. Hence the current interest in developing edge computing, in which data and computation takes place on the devices themselves (the “edge” of the network) and not in central nodes. This prediction was described by Peter Levine, a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, in their talk ‘Return to the Edge and The End of Cloud Computing‘. In following video, Peter discusses pushing towards edge computing and away from the cloud:
Last but not least, no decentralised platform can be built if the nodes on the network, whether machine or human, can't easily, securely, autonomously, transparently, traceably and quickly share data. Where can we look for a technology to allow them to do this? To the blockchain or other distributed ledgers, of course. For this reason, I think blockchain will play a key role in the coming convergence, as the communications, trust and auditing hub. Yet, it's only part of the picture.
New world, new model
There is no doubt that the radical decentralisation and automation this will enable will have a radical effect on business models, too. The new environment will be just too different for business as usual. I expect that, thanks to far greater integration of value chains or between businesses and customers, business verticals will blur. The silos between industries will also come down. Enterprise decision-makers will need to keep this in mind.
In subsequent posts, I will lay out in more detail how I think these new models will look, and how in my experience some industries seem to be doing a better job than others in preparing for the decentralised future.
READ NEXT: Data sharing – is the glass half-full or half-empty?
– This article is reproduced with kind permission. Some minor changes have been made to reflect BankNXT style considerations. Read more here. Image by Funny Drew, Shutterstock.com
MSNBC host Lawrence O'Donnell slammed politicians Tuesday night for ignoring reality and continuing to “get high” on alcohol while Americans were being sent to jail for smoking marijuana.
Gallup has found that Americans favor marijuana legalization now more than ever. A record-high 50 percent of Americans say the use of marijuana should be made legal, up 4 percent from last year and 14 percent from 2006.
Yet the drug is still a Schedule I substance under the federal Controlled Substances Act, a classification reserved for addictive drugs like heroin that have no accepted medical value.
“Now we know that no one in the Obama administration is stupid enough to actually think that [marijuana is as dangerous as heroin,]” Donnell said on the “Rewrite” segment of their show. “But we also know that politicians have no intention of facing reality any time soon when it comes to marijuana.”
“Politicians will continue to allow young lives to be ruined for mere possession of marijuana. Politicians will continue to allow people to be arrested, allow people to go to jail, allow people to get criminal records, get kicked out of school, get fired, be turned down for jobs, because they try or use marijuana. Something more than one President of the United States has done.”
“Meanwhile, America is going to continue getting high as it always has,” they continued. “Legally, on booze, and illegally on a lot of things, including marijuana, which is a much, much healthier choice than whiskey.”
“Such hypocrisy carries an even stronger stench than the alcohol-drenched breath of those politicians and judges and prosecutors and DEA officials. I really don't know how they can sleep at night.”
Watch video, courtesy of MSNBC, below:
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
As the 10-year anniversary of a fatal police shooting nears, local police are once again facing a civil lawsuit for the young local victim's death.
PLYMOUTH – As the 10-year anniversary of a fatal police shooting nears, local police are once again facing a civil lawsuit for the young victim's death.
The suit, filed in Plymouth Superior Court, accuses a former chief and two officers of negligence and civil rights violations in the January 2006 death of Anthony McGrath.
McGrath, a 16-year-old local high school student, died of a gunshot wound after an early morning confrontation with the officers at Nelson and Water streets on the Plymouth waterfront.
Marshfield attorney Paul Driscoll filed the suit in Superior Court earlier this year on behalf on McGrath's mother, Denise, a former Plymouth resident now living in Wareham and the administrator of their son's estate.
The suit names former Chief Robert Pomeroy and officers Edwin Almeida and Richard Tavares as defendants Almeida and Tavares chased McGrath to the intersection after spotting their car near the scene of a 3:15 a.m. liquor story burglary that Tuesday.
The suit alleges the officers chased McGrath without cause and unnecessarily opened fire on them after they crashed into a stonewall while making the sharp turn from Water Street onto Nelson Street.
Evidence showed McGrath backed their car into a telephone pole after hitting the wall and was driving forward when the shooting started.
The subsequent investigation determined Tavares and Almeida were both out of their cruisers by then. Tavares fired four shots at McGrath. Almeida fired seven. The investigation determined Tavares fired the fatal shot after the car had already driven past him.
The suit contends that the officers were not in any danger when they opened fire and that McGrath was fatally shot as they tried to get out of the car after being shot in the arm.
An investigation by Plymouth County District Attorney Timothy Cruz concluded that Tavares was reasonably concerned for Almeida's safety when they fired the fatal shot.
A federal magistrate and a federal appellate panel have since made the same findings.
In 2012, a federal magistrate threw out a similar complaint brought by Driscoll for the McGrath estate in U.S. District Court.
Magistrate Robert Collings ruled in a motion for summary judgment that Tavares was justified in fatally shooting McGrath because they feared for Almeida's safety.
Driscoll appealed, and in the summer of 2014, a three-judge panel of the First Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that the officers did not use excessive force in shooting McGrath.
In its ruling, the panel noted that it is never easy for a parent to bury a child and that the tragic circumstances of McGrath's death make it even more devastating for their mother. But the judges said they were duty-bound to apply the law to the facts, which did not support the estate's theory of what happened.
Two of the three defendants in the case, Pomeroy and Almeida, have retired since the shooting. Tavares has been assigned to the force's detective division.
The town's attorney has remained Lenny Kesten, who has maintained throughout that the officers did the right thing because their lives were in danger.
Kesten could not be reached for comment on the case, but their office is still handling the defense and has notified the court of its intent to file a motion to dismiss.
Driscoll could not be reached for comment.
Follow Rich Harbert on Twitter @richharbertOCM.
To survive the 90-year-long journey between Earth and the far-off planet Homestead II, humans on the ship in the 2016 sci-fi bomb Passengers were cryogenically frozen, suspending them in the throes of youth. The assumption is that thawing will bring their bodies and minds back to their normal, living states, and then life will resume where it left off. It's wishful thinking: While scientists have figured out how to thaw and unthaw individual cells, whether it's possible to reanimate life has remained a mystery.
But a new discovery puts them well on their way to finding out.
In a recent article in the journal ACS Nano, researchers reported that they'd successfully frozen zebrafish embryos, thawed them, and brought them back to life. Reanimation efforts on the tiny tropical fish, prized among scientists because their translucent embryos are easy to study, have been ongoing for 60 years, but none have been successful because of issues during the thawing process. This time around, the American team tweaked their defrosting strategy in order to speed it up.
When scientists preserve an embryo using cryogenic freezing, they drain some of its regular fluids, replacing them with an antifreeze-like substance to prevent the formation of damaging ice crystals, which can puncture a cell from the inside out. For the most part, scientists have figured out this process of “vitrification” — making fluids ice-free and thus glass-like — using a cryoprotectant solution of various sugar and alcohol molecules, like glycerol and propylene glycol (the major ingredient in car antifreeze). Previous studies have shown that dropping cryoprotected zebrafish embryos into a liquid nitrogen tank that cools them at 90,000 degrees Celsius per minute to a final temperature of −196 degrees Celsius results in perfectly frozen embryos. The problem is what happens as they are thawing.
“[The] large size of the yolk still impedes rapid cooling and warming, thereby yielding lethal ice crystal formation during cryopreservation,” the researchers write. When the defrosting process is too gradual, sometimes an event called devitrification occurs, in which the liquid “[reverts] from glass to ice.” For these scientists, thawing frozen embryos involved shining a 1064-nm laser pulse on them, which raised their temperature to 1.4 × 107 degrees Celsius per minute, but even this was too slow to create the perfect thaw.
Once thawed, 10 percent of the sample zebrafish embryos survived for 24 hours.
But they finally managed to achieve it by adding a substance to the cryoprotectant solution that would heat up quickly and move the thawing process along faster — namely, tiny bits of metal. Adding gold nanorods, which conducted the laser's heat efficiently, sped up the warming process so that there was no chance for damaging devitrification to take place.
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
In this way, zebrafish embryos that had been flash-frozen for a few minutes were rapidly unfrozen, and about 10 percent of those embryos stayed alive and developed for the next 24 hours.
These aren't survival odds that any freezer-happy human would bank on, but they're a start — and proof that a developing embryo's mechanisms can continue after being briefly frozen, at least in a zebrafish. Future research will probably focus on figuring out how to extend the amount of time those embryos can stay frozen before they're thawed, as well as pinpointing what causes them to die so soon after they're unfrozen.
In theory, living cells can be unfrozen, but there's no guarantee that what's left will constitute life.
It's too early to say how this research could be applied to long-term human hibernation, but the scientists behind the study are hoping it will lead to a way to freeze the embryos of endangered water-bound species so they can repopulate future lifeless seas. In a way, their objectives aren't too different from those laid out in Passengers, in which the spacefaring ship was laden with libraries of frozen human embryos waiting for a new habitat to populate.
As cryogenics science hurtles forward, it's likely that the film's promise that bodies can be viably frozen and thawed will increasingly seem less like a fantasy and more of a possibility. Whether those defrosted bodies will constitute conscious life, however, will be up to future humans to decide.
We've finally done it. We've been collating research on supplements and nutrition for over two years, and as of this post, we have 17,069 citations in our database.
At the end of the day, we care about answering one question: What does a supplement do?
And today we finally solve that problem. We've replaced the confusing and cumbersome "Human Trials Database" with a "Human Effect Matrix."
For every supplement in our database, a handy table will tell you what effect each supplement has and how noticeable that effect is.
Does Supplement X help with Y? Now you'll know.
Creatine? It has a minor effect in increasing your testosterone, but a strong effect in increasing your power output. What about fish oil? It actually has a notable effect in decreasing depression!
Best of all, the Human Effect Matrix isn't on the supplement pages only. They are also on the effect pages themselves. Want to know which supplements impact inflammation? Done! Do any supplements help you add muscle? Now you know. (Spoiler: they all have, at most, a minor effect).
What we've done is removed all the mysticism, hyperbole, and marketing-speak used to talk about supplements. It's all tabulated and organized for your perusal, and it's all backed with citations with human-studies.
To get you going, here are a few popular and a few interesting supplements:
The BPI has reached a new milestone in its ongoing efforts to have pirated content removed from the Internet. This week the music industry group reported its 100 millionth URL to Google. Although the takedown notices are processed quickly, the music industry group believes that Google should do more to prevent piracy.
This week the UK music industry group BPI reached a new milestone after notifying Google of the 100 millionth allegedly infringing URL, up from 50 million just 10 months ago.
As can be seen below, the latest update shows that the 100 million links were spread out over 274,810 separate DMCA takedown notices.
BPI's takedown notices
With 100 million requests the BPI has broken a new milestone. Never before has a copyright holder representative reported so many allegedly infringing links to Google. Degban is currently second in this list with 99 million URLs, followed by the RIAA with 57 million.
For the BPI this record isn't something to be proud of though. The music industry group tells us that it shows just how hard it is for copyright holders to have infringing content taken offline.
“This milestone makes two things very clear. First, that however many creators do, the system of ‘notice and takedown' will never be enough on its own to protect them or consumers from the online black market, or to spur growth in the digital economy,” a BPI spokesperson says.
“Second, that despite its clear knowledge as to which sites are engines of piracy, Google continues to help build their illegal businesses, by giving them a prominent ranking in search results.”
The BPI stresses that Google should do more to lower the visibility of unauthorized content in its search results. Despite promises to do so, the music group still sees very little improvement on this front.
“To illustrate: Google's records show it has been told more than 10 million times that content on 4shared.com is illegal – yet it's still the very first result today when we search for ‘Calvin Harris mp3' – ahead of Amazon and every other legal service,” BPI notes.
Addressing this issue is pretty straightforward, the BPI argues. Google should work with the entertainment industries to adjust its search algorithm, as the UK Government also highlighted recently.
“Google can simply fix this problem by amending its algorithm. We hope they will respond positively to the invitation from Government to negotiate voluntary measures to do so,” BPI says, closing with an iconic lyric.
“It's time the media giant changed its tune – we need a little less conversation and a little more action please.”
Google has thus far been hesitant to fiddle with its search results.
The company has made several changes to address the complaints of copyright holders. However, it also stressed that the entertainment industries themselves should take responsibility, arguing that piracy is primarily an availability and pricing problem.
Zillow co-founder Rich Barton spoke this morning at the Clinton Global Initiative meeting in Denver, appearing alongside CH2M Hill CEO Jacqueline Hinman and former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin.
The wide-ranging discussion covered everything from immigration reform to global warming to how the U.S. will keep its competitive edge in an ever-changing global economy.
Barton, who is a prior to founding Zillow served as CEO of online travel giant Expedia, hammered on several recurring themes that we've covered here at GeekWire: the need for computer science education; broadband connectivity and even the regulations around new services such as Uber.
Here are excerpted remarks from Barton, who was recently named one of 11 Presidential Ambassadors for Global Entrepreneurship:
On what defines American entrepreneurship: “The United States was a country that was founded by pioneers, by explorers. We were adventurers. And I think to this day that is what defines the American psyche. We have this rugged individualism. We are, to a certain extent, freedom fighters. I think we still are. In my technology world, it is really exciting the way that smartphones and computers and the Internet and cloud and the Internet of Things are empowering the world with new weapons with which that they can fight for freedom. I see us as the most technologically and innovative society in the world. We are the most aggressive-minded. We have the best capital markets for growing a startup economy, in several places, not just Silicon Valley. The American dream is really this dream of adventure and success.”
On how the U.S. is perceived globally: “The great thing is that the world, especially young people and technologically-oriented people, the world looks to America as the innovation leader. The technology leader. The world knows who Mark Zuckerberg is. They know who Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are. And they, for better or worse, look up to us. And so as part of my role as an Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship, I get the privilege of being able to carry that evangelical message of startup capitalism to the world and get these young people fired up, and help them create their own businesses. We as a society, and certainly the president, views American-style startup entrepreneurialism as the tip of the freedom spear. The more startups we have around the world, the more democracy we are going to have. Maybe I am wrong.”
On immigration in the U.S. “We have a couple problems. We have an immigration problem that is linked to a computer science education problem. The very best jobs in the world — I have a company called Glassdoor and we are one of the largest jobs sites in the world and we analyze all sorts of interesting data about the job market. Here's where the jobs are: in computer science and engineering. There are literally hundreds of thousands of open, unfulfilled jobs that don't have qualified American kids applying for, because they have not gotten the education. Only one in 10 public schools in the United States even teaches computer science. This is really something that we as a society have to change. Now, another part, tied to that problem, is immigration. So, because we can't find all of the computer science engineering talent that we need in the U.S., we look abroad. And we educate a lot of foreigners, of non-U.S. residents. They come, and we educate them in computer science. We get them PhDs … and we still make it hard for those people to stay. The interesting image that everyone can grok is that every time a PhD is handed out in the United States to someone who is not an American, a green card should be stapled to it. There is absolutely no question that should happen.”
On slow broadband in the U.S. and net neutrality: “Our Internet in the U.S. is a lot slower than in South Korea…. I have built my career given power to the people so that they can use these computers and the Internet and smartphones to disrupt industries. I did that with Expedia in travel and Zillow in real estate and so I am a more progressive oriented guy. But I look at say the Internet and speeds on the Internet, for example. And not only are we slow, but we have a current chairperson of the FCC who is proposing a ‘fast lane-slow lane' Internet regime, such that the people that control, the big companies that control access to Internet to the homes, are going to be able to charge different amounts for different speeds of the Internet. This, to me, catastrophe is too great of a word, but really a drag on innovation in our Internet-based economy, and something that would not be good, and yet we have this regulatory regime that is proposing it.”
On Uber and ride-sharing regulations: “We had a flare up in Seattle. Uber, and there is nobody who probably hasn't heard of Uber at this point. Maybe not anybody. But if you are in Europe or the United States, everyone has heard of it. It really is a revolutionary and transformative thing in transportation. I think people originally thought: ‘Oh, it will take a little bit of market share of taxis.' Now people are realizing that there are people who are getting rid of their cars and it is more economical to Uber everywhere. I did that for a week as an experiment, just to see and I found all sorts of interesting side effects…. In Seattle, our Seattle City Council took a vote to cap the number of Uber drivers who were allowed to be in Seattle, at a very low number, something that was way lower than what the market was demanding. And this was done, who knows who was influencing what where, but clearly the entrenched interests of the taxi commission were in there getting the local officials. There was a huge uproar. Of course, the people wanted Uber. A huge uproar. The mayor felt pressure and two or three months later, they reversed that decision.”
On the proper role of regulation around companies like Uber: “We have to support progress. Now, I am perhaps more progressively-minded than most. I am probably way out in the distribution tail, but advancement of the country and advancement of society and advancement of the human condition means that we are encouraging progress. We need regulators who are open-minded to progress, not just companies that are open-minded to progress, but we need a government that is open-minded as well, and when you do that, and you are leaning progressive in regulatory policies, you do stub your toe every once in a while. You do get bloody and make mistakes every once in a while, and that's how you learn and how you figure out where the new problems are. But, if you stifle innovation, I can guarantee what's going to happen. You are going to get stagnation.”
On a $15 minimum wage: “Seattle, I am very proud to say. I wasn't very proud of the City Council on the Uber thing, but I am very proud of Seattle on a recent vote, I guess, to raise the minimum wage to $15 that phases in over time. I think this is a head-slappingly simple idea. Minimum wage ought to be at a point where people do not have to be takers from society just to support themselves. This seems so logical. We want our middle class society to actually be able to buy things. And, if they can't buy things, we can't drive the economy.”
On disruption in industry: “I think we as humans like to be scared. Politicians actually know this well. It is a very effective means of getting what you want, to scare people. And now ‘we need to come in and save the day.' One of the things we like to be scared of as humans is how technology, that we don't understand is scary, and it is going to take away our jobs and change our traditional lifestyle. Every generation has said this. New technologies have come along. Once upon a time, most of the world was employed in agriculture as farmers. And that was great. We fed ourselves. We had a lot of autonomy and independence, and along came technology that made farming jobs as a percentage of the economy go from here to almost infinitesimally small. Did that mean we had a jobs problem going forward? Absolutely not. New jobs are created as new technologies emerge. And we are watching the kinds of new jobs that are being created upon the backs of these new technology platforms…. I am very optimistic that these new technologies are not putting people out of work, they are creating even better opportunities for people.”
People are saying it The Worst startup event in the history of Pakistan as organizers looted the participants. The worst thing about 2nd Startup Expo 2016 was that it wasn't really a Startup Exhibition. Food festival, Concert, Car show and its linkage with the event! Seriously EDI? Even if the ONLY thing you cared about was money, least you could do was not to discourage the startup participants.
Read Also: ViewStorm hacked after writing a negative review on 2nd Startup Expo 2016 by EDI
It is also reported that some participants were frustrated on a day before the event and harsh comments were exchanged and a small fight also took place between participants and event organizers.
Whole event was the master plan of Mr. Usman Ahmed, Founder and editor of Pakistan's 1st Entrepreneurship Magazine, “STARTUP”.
Usman Ahmed Profile
Well done Mr. Usman Ahmed. Event was a huge success. You made a hundred of thousands and broke hearts of struggling startup participants.
This is not the opinion of ViewStorm. Below is the response of people on social media!
We talked to one of the participants of 2nd Startup Expo Mr. Malik Kamran Iqbal, Co-Founder, Director/CEO at TeeSpire and this is what they had to say:
“I will try to point out the issues that I think should not have been there from professional point of view.
1. They gave me a link on their website where details about my startup was published.This was supposed to be linked where people had to come and vote for us. The coding behind it was very messy. I told them that and they said that the webmaster has left and they cannot do anything about it and said “Besides, you don't have to worry since you have been accepted into top 100 startups”. Still I tired my best to get votes with that messy programming. (There was a very funny loophole in their coding which I exploited a little for fun, and then left it grin emoticon)
2. I had to get information updated on that link, I gave them the graphics and info and they created a new page where all my votes were lost.
3. They asked everyone to be there at 5PM on Thursday(1 day before the exhibition) and said that “Be On Time” and any startup not present there will be disqualified. I was there at 4:30 PM and that thing started around 7 PM.
4. They didn't follow the agenda (on Thursday).
5. At 8:30 I went to the stalls area and asked them forcefully to let me know my stall so that you guys can mark it and I know where to put my stuff in the morning. They obliged and assured me that stall was marked and it will not be given to anyone else. I re-confirmed it that it would not be given to anyone else since I was suspecting this because of their mismanagement.
6. I reached at convention center, only to find that our stall had been allotted to someone else.
7. For whole day, we had no place to put our stuff, we put out standees at a place, somehow squeezed them in since there were a lot of other startups around me facing the same fate.
8. We didn't have any table to put our stuff. I personally met almost all of their organizers and asked for table. Some lied that they are looking for tables for us, some lied that they are ordered the vendor to get more tables, and someone told me that others are lying. There are no tables coming so I should request someone else or try and “adjust”.
9. Some organizers were for our passes for events, while nobody provided us that. I asked them in return to get me my pass and they didn't know how to respond to this request of mine.
10. Some organizers were showing me attitude as if I am their servant and asking them for loan for my sick wife.
11. Almost all of the organizers were blaming each other.
12. There was no flow of information between the teams. One team knew something while other something else.
13. There was not flow of information even within the same team.
14. They never followed their given agenda.
15. They cancelled events from the agenda without telling us.
The list goes on. I am getting the same feelings again which I felt during the event so I am going to stop remembering it”
People are also saying that most of the Awards were biased and pre-decided. Even a online shop with no proper business and without any social work, won Social Enterprise Startup Award. Big question mark is on the Judges of Expo. The judges should also be answerable for their decision.
Most of the negative comments were deleted by 2nd Startup Expo page Admin. Few people were unable to take screenshots of the comments.
Please EDI don't get pissed on us!
Regardless of what parents tell their children, books are routinely judged by their covers. Indeed, many book titles encapsulate a premise so obvious that the text itself seems superfluous. I'm talking about the literary equivalents of Hot Tub Time Machine or Aliens vs. Predator. I should know­—I'm the author of Theories of International Politics and Zombies.
I can envision a future when such books will pass from individual to individual via secret-Santa office parties. They'll be good for a chuckle, and then not surface until the ensuing Christmas. Most of my colleagues assumed that I wrote this book to make political scientists laugh a little—and they would be partially right. And yet a funny thing happened while I crafted a satire about world politics and zombies: I learned about the virtue of seriousness.
To be clear, the zombies in my book are not metaphors for thuggish political discourse or symbols of brainless economic ideologies. I'm talking about the genuine article: ghouls rising from the grave to feast upon the living.
Why write a book about the threat posed by the living dead? Sure, the ratings of AMC's The Walking Dead demonstrate their popular cachet, but international relations is Very Serious Business. There is no shortage of "real" threats to scare analysts: nuclear proliferation, terrorism, pandemics, financial instability, cyberwarfare. Why introduce an implausible, shuffling, stumbling creature that desires only braaaaiiiiiinnnnnnns into the mix?
The premise started out innocently enough. Scanning the Web on a bright August day in 2009, I stumbled upon a serious paper that modeled zombies as representative of certain kinds of pathogens. The paper soberly concluded: "An outbreak of zombies infecting humans is likely to be disastrous, unless extremely aggressive tactics are employed against the undead. ... A zombie outbreak is likely to lead to the collapse of civilization, unless it is dealt with quickly."
The paper was entertaining and informative—but it lacked a political analysis. It failed to take into account variations in national responses, not to mention the cross-border coordination problems that an army of the undead would create. So I spent a few hours thinking about how various international-relations theories would respond to a zombie attack, wrote up a blog post intended to make a few colleagues giggle, and moved on.
The response to the post dragged me back in. A brilliant discussion thread emerged, with inspired comments tackling paradigms I had overlooked. At the next professional meeting I attended, more than one colleague told me that my post would be useful for teaching students. The more feedback I received, the more I realized that the average undergraduate knows a lot more about zombies than about world politics. A straight explanation of abstruse theoretical paradigms can cause a student's mind to wander. Explaining realism, liberalism, or constructivism by way of references to Dawn of the Dead or Shaun of the Dead is much easier.
I'm not the only political scientist to recognize this fact. Major academic presses have recently published books that use everything from the literary canon to The Godfather to explain foreign affairs. Peer-reviewed scholarship has been published on international relations and Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Star Trek, Lord of the Rings, and the Harry Potter books. Wizards, vampires, aliens, and hobbits had been covered, but I could legitimately identify a "zombie gap" in the literature.
My motivations were not strictly pedagogical. I have been in too many brain-rotting seminar debates about whether someone should be labeled a "defensive realist" or a "neoliberal institutionalist." I've read the works of too many scholars who throw around quotes from Kenneth Waltz's Theory of International Politics as party apparatchiks must have done with Mao's Little Red Book. I love my field—but I worry about its descent into scholasticism for its own sake. Applying international-relations theory to a zombie-infested world was a way of affectionately but satirically tweaking the field's strictures.
Advertisement
But first I had to educate myself about the zombie genre, about which I knew little. I've never been a fan of horror movies—indeed, truth be told, my only childhood memory of a horror film was watching 10 minutes of Poltergeist and then not sleeping that night. But I delved into the zombie canon, from the obvious highlights (George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, Danny Boyle's 28 Days Later, Max Brooks's World War Z), to more obscure fare (Peter Jackson's Dead Alive, one of the funniest and most disgusting films ever made).
Armed with a knowledge of the undead that extended beyond Michael Jackson's "Thriller" video, I sat down to write—and quickly hit a brick wall. My prose was clunky and ham-handed, full of obvious, unfunny jokes. It turns out that it's hard to write about the living dead without drowning in puns. I drew attention to "gnawing problems with the literature" and declared my intention to "get at the meat of the problem." I could feel the decaying corpse of Milton Berle elbowing me in the ribs. I sought advice from my editor, Chuck Myers, who wisely explained that my tone needed to be as deadpan as possible. Only by writing in a serious manner could the absurdity of the premise be revealed. Now the words began to flow, although it was etymologically impossible to root out all of the puns.
On the way toward completing the book, I encountered a series of intellectual surprises. For starters, I realized that zombies are a great synecdoche for a constellation of emerging threats. Even though it is relatively easy to define a zombie, the genre diverges widely on the capabilities of the living dead. In some films, like, say, Planet Terror, zombies possess enough intelligence to act like bioterrorists. In others, zombies are more like mindless but intuitive disease vectors. In this way, the living dead are the perfect 21st-century threat: They are not well understood by serious analysts, they possess protean capabilities, and the challenge they pose is very grave. (See what I mean about the puns?)
I looked at the literature on "zombielike events," calamities akin to an army of reanimated, ravenous corpses. This meant researching the sociology of panic, the political economy of natural disasters, and the ways in which past epidemics have affected world politics. I was new to this scholarship—jumping into it gave me the same thrill of discovery I felt as a grad student.
In predicting possible outcomes, I embraced Rudra Sil and Peter Katzenstein's concept of analytic eclecticism, which draws from multiple theoretical approaches to attack a policy problem. The standard international-relations paradigms have their uses, but practitioners within them tend to develop conceptual blinders about causal mechanisms that do not conform to their own model's internal logic.
Thinking through the implications of a zombie attack, I came away with a more optimistic take on humanity and a more pessimistic take on my field. While traditional zombie narratives tend to end in apocalypse, most of the theoretical approaches I surveyed suggested vigorous policy responses should we be attacked by the living dead. Realists would push for a live-and-let-live arrangement between the undead and everyone else. Liberals would call for an imperfect but useful global governing body to regulate the undead—a World Zombie Organization. Constructivists would call for a robust, pluralistic security community dedicated to preventing new zombie outbreaks and socializing existing zombies into human society. Bureaucracies would very likely err in their initial responses, but they'd adapt.
Predictions such as those suggest that maybe, just maybe, the zombie canon's dominant equation of zombies + feckless humans = postapocalyptic wasteland is perhaps overstated. That said, even these "optimistic" outcomes would be unmitigated disasters from the perspective of human security. In a world where zombies concentrate in the weakest countries—stronger states are better equipped to fend off the threat—billions of human beings would face an additional menace on top of disease, poverty, and the erosion of the rule of law.
As I thought through these various scenarios, it became clear that the ability of standard international-relations paradigms to adequately analyze threats is eroding. Most theories are state-centric, but interstate conflict is on the wane. Consider again the list of real-world threats above; almost none of them emanate from states. Neither terrorists nor hackers possess large swaths of territory, making retaliation difficult. Natural disasters like earthquakes or volcanoes do not possess "agency" as we understand the concept. Neither do diseases nor melting glaciers.
The international-relations profession has always started with the state—and governments will continue to play a vital role in world politics. But the field has been slow to adapt to the plethora of asymmetric threats that we now face. Unless that changes, international-relations scholars will be hard-pressed to offer cogent policy responses to emerging threats, much less the living dead.
Combining satire and scholarship is a risky enterprise. I have no doubt that many readers will conclude that I failed miserably. On the other hand, if the book gets people who wouldn't ordinarily care about world politics to laugh, and then think, then the royalties—I mean, the intellectual benefits—will vastly exceed the costs.
Recently, National Public Radio's Linton Weeks published a piece offering some thoughts on heckling—something we at FIRE have certainly encountered many times as a defender of free speech. Given our voluminous experience in this area, we're sensitive to the mistake that Weeks makes in characterizing our position on the rights of speakers facing hecklers.
Is a heckler protected by the First Amendment? This is up for debate — depending on where and how and why the heckling occurs. Heckling at a hockey game is not considered the same as heckling at a campus lecture. Organized disruption is often treated differently from individual outbursts. According to the National Lawyers Guild, "Although the law is not settled, heckling should be protected, unless hecklers are attempting to physically disrupt an event, or unless they are drowning out the other speakers." On the other hand, the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education maintains that if free speech is protected, it should also be protected from disturbance and interruption.
Though Weeks suggests otherwise, we agree with the National Lawyers Guild here: Heckling isn't by its very nature unprotected, and speakers don't have the automatic right to be free from all heckling of any kind. (I suspect Weeks' mistake is unintentional, but we wanted to make sure to set the record straight.)
This does not make the position attributed to us—that "if free speech is protected, it should also be protected from disturbance and interruption"—necessarily wrong. It is incomplete, however, because it fails to account for hecklers who may be able to engage with the speaker without violating their or their First Amendment rights. For a general example, a solitary shout from a heckler may momentarily interrupt a speaker, but if the heckler causes no further disruption and does not attempt to silence the speaker, then the heckler may still enjoy First Amendment protection. As the NLG points out, it's when the heckler's speech suppresses the rights of the speaker that the heckler forfeits their claim to be engaging in free speech. And, as Weeks notes, context is important.
Make no mistake: When a heckler thinks they or they have the right to forcibly prevent others from hearing a speaker and uses heckling as a blunt instrument to silence speech, heckling cannot be condoned as free expression. In their article, Weeks links to a discussion here on The Torch of an incident at the University of California, Irvine where students attempted to shut down a speech by Israeli Ambassador Michael Oren (for which they were later prosecuted). As Adam notes in that post, a coordinated effort to silence a speaker "is not an exercise of free speech." I would encourage those interested in our take on heckling to read this post, which was prompted by the same incident and supported with statements from American Association of University Professors President Cary Nelson and Harvard Law School Professor Alan Dershowitz. It points out that the rights of speakers, their audience, and their critics "need not be in conflict, so long as there is no effort to prevent the speaker from conveying their point of view to the audience." From what the NLG is quoted as saying here, I suspect they don't disagree.
The unexpected death of a young relative three years ago convinced Bryan and Laura Laing to talk about what they wanted to do with their lives.
They had good marketing jobs, a mortgage and two kids. But they were young enough, both in their mid-30s, to make a leap into something new and potentially more fulfilling. To do so, they would have leave behind the security of family and friends and embrace a life of uncertainty and risk.
"Honestly, we were scared," Bryan said. "We left our roots. My grandparents and parents are all from Northeast Portland."
They quit their jobs, sold their home and left the city to buy a small Newberg farm. There, they dreamed they would make wine under their own label.
"Honestly, I cried those first few weeks," Laura said. "I wondered what we'd done. I kept telling Bryan we could always move back."
What happened two months ago, though, convinced the couple they had made the right decision. A dark moment of feeling overwhelmed with what they had taken on became a beacon of hope for the future.
"I've never experienced anything like what happened that day," said Laing. "When I think about it, I cry, but in a good way."
The Laings both worked for the same Portland company and the extent of their experience with farming was backyard gardening. But winemaking fascinated Bryan Laing, who grew up with parents and relatives who shared wine at a meal, taking time over the table to bond by talking about what was going on with their lives.
Bryan and Laura Laing and their daughters, Ava, 4, left; Adalyn, 6, front
By chance, a family friend introduced Laing to a Newberg farmer who gave the young man some grapes so they could try their hand at making wine. Laing read up, and in their basement made five gallons of pinot noir. They seemed to have the touch and found it more emotionally rewarding than pushing products to the masses. They bought more grapes, and continued making wine, bottling it under the Hazelfern label, named because the couple's Laurelhurst home was on the site of what was, back in 1895, Hazel Fern Farms.
Then, a tragic accident forced them to take stock of their life. Their 27-year-old cousin died in Hawaii when they were hit by a delivery truck that plowed into a farmer's market where the woman was setting up a booth.
"It was so random and they were so young," Laing recalled. "My wife and I had a life crise of sorts. None of know how long we have. What did we want to do with our time? We decided we wanted to make wine."
It was a bold and risky decision, one some friends questioned as crazy.
But the more the husband and wife thought about it, the decision made sense. Wine had always been a backdrop to the couple's life.
When Laura accepted Bryan's marriage proposal, they marked the occasion by bringing out bottles of wine, each with a note from them marking key moments of their relationship: An Argentina Malbec shared on the first date, a Chilean Cabernet Sauvignon shared the night of their first kiss, and an Oregon Pinot Noir from a vineyard they'd visited while dating.
With a loan, their savings and the proceeds from the sale of their home, the couple bought a five-acre farm with a home and a horse barn they could use to make wine and host tastings.
"When we bought a tractor, the man who brought it to us told me congratulations," Bryan said. "I had to have them show me how to turn it on."
They worked together, planted vines on three acres, turned to local winemakers for advice.
"It was like we put the roller coaster in motion," Laura said. "We got on board, buckled in and hoped we didn't crash."
While waiting for their grapes to grow to maturity for harvest, a three-year process, the couple contracted with 11 area vineyards to buy grapes they'd bring to their winery to create Hazelfern wine.
On Oct. 15, a load of 15 tons of grapes at the Laing farm arrived unexpectedly.
The delivery came at the worst possible time. A machine that separates the grapes from the stems had broken. And the Laings were expected at an annual harvest celebration for local winemakers, an event hosted by Chef Andrew Garrison.
"We were up to our necks in grapes," Bryan said. "We couldn't let them just sit there. My wife and I knew we'd be working 24 hours straight, inspecting the grapes for quality and then destemming them by hand."
Bryan Laing texted Garrison, apologizing that they couldn't attend the event. They explained what had happened and then joined their wife to deal with all the grapes.
Meanwhile, the chef took matters into their own hands.
"It was just the two of them out there at their farm," Garrison said. "It just didn't seem right."
Garrison quickly spread the word. They would bring the party to the Laings. While they prepared the meal, everyone would help with the grapes.
What happened was akin to an old-fashioned barn raising where the farm community turned out in force to help one of their own in a time of need. Word spread: The Laings need our help.
They arrived in cars and trucks, in all more than 30 people got to work on the grapes, selecting the best and destemming them. They stayed all day and into the night.
"It was so powerful," Laura Laing said. "You could feel the collective heart of this big group. All people did was show up and ask how they could help."
Late that night, work completed, Bryan Laing stood before the group and offered a toast. They had taken a leap of faith, trusting in friends and family. They had dared to change the course of their journey. The show of support that day proved the affirmation of the uncertain path they'd chosen.
"Thank you," they said. "This is why we got into wine."
--Tom Hallman Jr.
thallman@oregonian.com; 503 221-8224
@thallmanjr
MANILA, Philippines – The Senate Blue Ribbon committee cited yesterday the possibility of inviting former president Benigno Aquino III to explain the alleged haste by which the Department of Health purchased the Dengvaxia vaccines for dengue in December last year.
The panel on Monday conducted its first hearing on the issue following the deaths of two children, who received the first dose of the vaccine in April.
The purchase of some P3.5 billion worth of dengue vaccines by the DOH was done during the past administration.
“There should have been extraordinary diligence by the DOH (in the purchase of the vaccines) but there seemed to have been deadlines and haste,” Sen. Richard Gordon, chairperson of the panel, said in an interview.
“But more than the transaction, what is more important to me are the lives of our children, the safety of the vaccines,” they said.
The senator said there was no congressional appropriation for the purchase of Dengvaxia in the 2015 national budget so the funds for the vaccines were taken from retirement benefits.
In the United States, the intervention in Laos is known as “the Secret War” because the government concealed everything about its activities. But to Laotians, the effects of the American bombardment have never been a secret.
Nengyong is just one of roughly twenty thousand people who have been injured or killed by unexploded ordnance (UXO) in Laos since 1973. The UXO is the legacy of intensive American bombing of Laos from 1964 to 1973, when the United States dropped two million tons of bombs on the country — more than twelve times the amount of bombs dropped on Japan during World War II. Laos is, per capita, the most heavily bombed country on Earth.
In April 2012, Nengyong Yang , a farmer in Laos, was cutting a tree in their field, preparing to plant corn. As Nengyong was hacking away, a bomb lodged in the trunk of the tree exploded in their face. Nengyong survived, but lost both their eyesight and their ability to provide for their wife and four children. Two months later, their wife found their lifeless body hanging from a tree.
The Secret War
Laos was (and remains) a mostly poor, agricultural society. The French maintained Laos as a colony from the late nineteenth century until the end of the First Indochina War in 1954, when the country was granted independence and neutrality. (The only exception was when Japan briefly controlled Laos during World War II.)
A coalition government of rightist, neutralist, and leftist factions was meant to administer power, but this proved impossible in the geopolitical climate of the time. The United States endeavored to keep both neutralists and the left-wing Pathet Lao (the nationalist, communist organization that had fought against the French) out of power through bribery and rigged elections.
Disenchanted by a political process that denied it participation, the Pathet Lao returned to fighting, and Laos was soon engulfed in a civil war that pitted the Pathet Lao (backed by North Vietnam) against the right-wing royalist government (backed by the United States). At the same time, North Vietnamese forces began infiltrating Laos on the Ho Chi Minh Trail, intensifying US involvement in Laos.
On the ground in Laos, the CIA organized and trained a mercenary army of ethnic Hmong to fight the Pathet Lao. Led by Vang Pao, a brutal commander who summarily executed those who crossed him, the mercenary army suffered tens of thousands of deaths. Vang Pao began recruiting child soldiers to keep up with the heavy losses and trafficked opium to help finance their operations. These activities were given the green light by the CIA (in fact, the opium was transported on Air America flights, an airline covertly operated by the CIA).
The worst destruction, however, came from the sky: from 1964 to 1973, the United States flew 580,000 bombing missions over Laos. The ostensible targets were Vietnamese communist troops and Pathet Lao forces. In practice, however, the targets were anything that moved, as eyewitness and refugee testimonies indicate.
When Lyndon Johnson announced a halt to the bombing of North Vietnam in 1968, the bombing of Laos escalated. Asked about the bombing during Senate testimony, Deputy Chief of Mission Monteagle Stearns said, “Well, we had all those planes sitting around and couldn't just let them stay there with nothing to do.”
Some of the bombings were carried out merely to make life more convenient for the American bombers: if they couldn't find their targets over Vietnam, the pilots would deposit the bombs over a random location in the Laotian countryside, because the planes couldn't land with ordnance still on board.
The human cost of the US bombing campaign was immense. Fred Branfman, an international aid worker living in Laos, encountered refugees fleeing from the Plain of Jars region, an archeological landscape of ancient stone jars and also the site of intensive American bombing. Speaking Laotian, Branfman talked to the refugees and collected essays and drawings about what it was like to live under the bombardment. They published their findings in an important book, Voices from the Plain of Jars: Life under an Air War .
The refugees spoke of a relentless campaign of destruction: entire villages incinerated, temples and schools destroyed, livestock killed, people buried alive in holes they dug trying to escape the bombs, people burned alive by napalm and white phosphorous, others forced to live underground in caves for years.
A thirty-three-year-old woman described them experience:
I saw my cousin die in the field of death. My heart was most disturbed and my voice called out loudly as I ran to the houses. Thus, I saw life and death for the people on account of the war of many airplanes in the region of Xieng Khouang. Until there were no houses at all. And the cows and buffalo were dead. Until everything was leveled and you could see only the red, red ground. I think of this time and still I am afraid.
A thirty-nine-year-old rice farmer:
The planes bombed every day. After they bombed my village, they bombed the roads and the small paths, and also completely destroyed our ricefields. After that we had to dig other holes even further away because we were so afraid. On the days that the airplanes would come we were so afraid we didn't want to eat. I pitied my children, for when the airplanes came to bomb my ricefields, they were afraid and afterwards would weep loudly. I was very afraid and could not even close my eyes to sleep. In 1968, there were no houses remaining in my village at all; and all my cows and buffalo had been killed.
It is impossible to know how many people the US bombings killed. As historian Alfred McCoy explained in a 2008 documentary on the Secret War, “We drove tens of thousands of people into becoming refugees. We inflicted . . . we don't know how many dead. There's no counting. We incinerated . . . we atomized human remains in this air war.”
The United States ended the bombing campaign in 1973 after signing the Paris Peace Accords. Two years later, the Pathet Lao achieved victory over their royalist enemies and took control of the country. For Laotians, however, the effects of the devastating air campaign would linger for decades.
Turkey's biggest headache, its crashing currency which the central banks appear unable to contain due to an Erdoğan order not to hike rates, could soon translate into another major problem. According to two senior economy officials, Turkish inflation could reach double digits in the first quarter for the first time in almost five years as a result of the lira's falls, putting more pressure on the central bank to hike interest rates.
The lira has dropped as much as 10 percent since the start of 2017, battered by concern over Turkey's political and economic outlook and doubts about whether the authorities will take decisive steps to arrest the slide. Earlier in the day, Turkey's deputy prime minister, Numan Kurtulmus in an interview with AHaber TV, reiterated the party line that the lira weakening is the result of political manipulation. They also said that “an intelligence organization” might be behind the new year's eve attack in a nightclub in Istanbul, the latest terrorist attack on Turkish soil, which has added to concerns about local geopolitical instability, further destabilizing the tourism-heavy economy.
According to Reuters, President Tayyip Erdoğan, a vocal opponent of higher interest rates, will meet with economy officials including the central bank governor later on Monday to discuss developments including the lira, government sources said. Earlier on Monday, the central bank effectively shut off two of its lira funding taps, bankers said, in an attempt to push lenders to borrow at a higher rate and defend the currency without an outright rate hike. The lira was trading at 3.80 to the dollar, at the day's lows, off a recent record low of 3.9417 hit last Wednesday.
On Monday, the bank opted not to hold a repo auction for the third straight day. The daily auctions, at 8 percent, are an important source of funding for banks. Price quotations for the Borsa Istanbul repo market were also withdrawn after some funding was provided at 8.5 percent, bankers said. By closing off these two taps the central bank would effectively force banks to borrow using its "late liquidity window" at around 10%.
"The central bank withdrew the 8.5 percent quotation," the manager of a liquidity desk at one bank said. "There is always the possibility it could offer a quotation again during the day. But if it does not give a quotation, banks will have to fund around 15 billion lira ($4 billion) above 8.5 percent - at 10 percent or at a rate near that."
The central bank next meets to set interest rates on Jan. 24, with financial analysts eager to see a sharp rise although they may be disappointed.
The reason why the Turkish central banks find itself in a bind is that Erdoğan, a populist who favors cheap credit to spur lending and bolster the economy, wants borrowing costs to be low, although they said last Thursday that the bank had the ability to take "all necessary steps" to defend the lira. They and the government are keen to prevent the economy losing too much momentum ahead of an expected referendum in the coming months on constitutional changes that would create a full presidential system and hand them greater powers.
Meanwhile, in another indication that the Turkish economy is deteriorating, overnight Turkey announced that its December budget deficit rose to 27.1 billion liras, according to central government budget data published by Ministry of Finance in Ankara. This was the biggest on record, and confirm recent observations of a substantial slowdown in the economy; it also implies that Turkey will need to borrow in the foreign market to fund its deficits going forward.
In an attempt to debunk "fake news' about the sorry state of the economy, one economy officials told Reuters that growth in 2016 is expected to have been just 2.5%, while inflation is about to soar, unleashing a period of stagflation.
"Inflation will be in double digits in the first quarter," the economy official told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity because it is not an official government forecast.
That said, they expected pressure on the lira to ease after the referendum, a major source of uncertainty for investors, and forecast inflation would drop to 8% at most by the end of the year, above the central bank's 6.5% forecast.
Helping in part will be the central bank's recently rolled out measures to reduce liquidity and effectively drive up borrowing costs without hiking interest rates outright, in moves that some economists have referred to as "veiled" monetary tightening. The bank halved borrowing limits on Friday on the interbank money market to 11 billion liras ($2.9 billion) in a further bid to support the currency.
In a cryptic threat, an adviser to Erdoğan said on Monday that the central bank has "strong weapons" other than interest rates and will continue to take measures in the face of the weaker lira. It has yet to be revealed what those are, especially since several months ago Erdoğan appealed to their countrymen to convert their dollars and gold into lira in a failed attempt to boost the currency.
She, with breast cancer. He, with a tumour the size of an orange between their heart and lungs.
They were diagnosed just months after they started dating.
Their fledgling relationship weathered six months of chemotherapy, nausea and hair loss. In the past year, they took turns playing nurse, trucking each other's kids to basketball and soccer games. They joined their families, bought a plot of land, built a house. They thought the worst was over.
“If there is even one little cancer cell left, if it decides to split, could that extra 20 per cent of the drug that was diluted have smoked that last cancer cell?” Lee wonders.
Next week, Lee, 37, will learn the prognosis of a new lump found growing on their thyroid.
But Pam Wooder and Greg Lee of Ingersoll, Ont., discovered Thursday they are both now caught up in what health officials are calling one of the worst medication errors they've ever seen. They are among nearly 1,000 Ontario cancer patients who received diluted chemotherapy drugs during the course of their treatment.
On Thursday, the Ontario government said it will launch an independent, third-party review of quality assurance in the province's cancer drug supply chain to safeguard patient care to “prevent incidents like this.”
“Uggh,” says Wooder in a tone of mock exasperation when asked how she's feeling. “Who gets cancer together? Who gets bad cancer drugs together?”
In Windsor, a $25-million notice of class-action lawsuit was filed with the court against the drug supplier.
Diluted forms of cyclophosphamide, prescribed to both Lee and Wooder at London Health Sciences Centre, and gemcitabine were supplied to four hospitals by Marchese Hospital Solutions. Federal and provincial investigators were at its Mississauga facility, one of three sites, Wednesday to investigate.
The drugs received by the patients were found to be weaker than what was prescribed by as much as 20 per cent.
What does that mean for a patient's treatment?
Those receiving cyclophosphamide have more reason to worry, said a top oncologist.
“When it's used in situations where the goal of cancer treatment is . . . removing the cancer permanently, the change in dosage would have a greater impact,” said Dr. Malcolm Moore, director of the drug development program at Ontario Cancer Institute/Princess Margaret Hospital.
In those cases, maintaining a precise dose throughout treatment is vital.
A lower dose of gemcitabine, they said, is likely not “clinically significant.”
While much of the information about the case, specifically contracts surrounding the drug supply, preparation and quality-assurance protocols, is being kept secret from the public, those affected directly are getting more details of what may have happened.
Tina Wells, a 44-year-old cancer patient from Kingsville, Ont., received diluted chemotherapy treatments starting in February at Windsor Regional Hospital. They met Thursday with oncologist Dr. John Mathews, they said.
“What I was told was that there's a 200 ml bag of saline that's given to the oncology department where they're supposed to add the chemo. From March 2012 it had been more than 200 ml. There had been an extra teaspoon of fluid which was picked up by a Peterborough technician. So this means 10 to 15 per cent less chemo for patients who were to take the cyclophosphamide,” said Wells.
A media representative for the Windsor hospital said Mathews was meeting patients and unavailable for comment.
Wells said they will be part of the upcoming class-action lawsuit if it goes forward. The notice filed by two law firms — Sutts, Strosberg and Siskinds — names plaintiff Lisa Arlene Hunt, who received a series of chemotherapy treatments at Windsor starting in October 2012.
The notice states: “The defendant breached its duty because it failed to take reasonable steps to ensure that the proper dose of cyclophosphamide or gemcitabine was contained in the bags that it delivered to Windsor Regional Hospital, London Health Sciences Centre, Lakeridge Health and Saint John Regional Hospital for use in cancer treatment.”
The claims contained in the notice have yet to be proven in court.
An as-yet unnamed third party will investigate the incident, Premier Kathleen Wynne said Thursday. The independent investigation adds to those already underway by Cancer Care Ontario and the Ontario College of Pharmacists, in partnership with Health Canada.
“Our concern is that me . . . find out what happened and that we have the right people investigating that,” Wynne said.
The probes reflect the complexity of the situation. Parties on all sides are pointing fingers, with Marchese accusing the hospitals of improperly administering the drug and hospitals accusing Marchese of supplying it incorrectly.
It's unclear whether the responsibility in this case lies with the drug compounder or the hospitals delivering it.
Dr. Carol Sawka, Cancer Care Ontario's vice-president of clinical programs and quality initiative, said they don't know whether Marchese provided ready-to-use mixtures of the drugs or if additional effort was required by the hospitals to prepare the cocktail before it was given to patients.
“We don't have all the information now,” Sawka said. “Hospitals have told us that the drugs that were delivered were less than the intended doses.”
As the reviews trudge forward, Wooder, who sells personal care supplies to nursing homes and hospitals, and Lee, who works for a commercial air conditioning company, are looking forward to spring. To bike riding with their four kids, to a new puppy and to fresh, green sod being laid down in June.
“What's next is we keep our day-to-day going,” Wooder said.
With files from Richard J. Brennan and Wendy Gillis
There are many reasons J.R.R. Tolkien's fantasy epic The Lord of the Rings is considered one of the greatest stories of all-time. (It was voted the best book of the 20th century in a UK readers' poll a decade and a half ago, and not for the first time.)
I'm convinced that one of the primary reasons for the story's popularity is its delicious conclusion, a difficult thing to pull off in story-telling. (Just ask the creators of Lost.) As creative writing instructor Robert McKee famously said in the Oscar-winning film Adaptation, a story “can have flaws, problems, but wow them in the end, and you've got a hit.”
Few epic stories have had a conclusion equal to that of The Lord of the Rings. (Among recent screen stories, only AMC's Breaking Bad comes to mind.) Frodo Baggins arrives at Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring after a long and bitter struggle—only to fall victim themselves to the seductive power of the Ring. Our hero fails, but is redeemed by Grace—which appears through the pathetic, wretched creature Gollum.
The theological implications of Frodo's failure are profound, and the ending has a poetic irony. Because of this, one would suspect Tolkien knew from the beginning precisely how their story would end. Indeed, Gandalf's Cassandra-like foretelling—“My heart tells me that Gollum has some part to play yet, for good or ill before this is over”—would seem to confirm such suspicions.
Alas, that doesn't seem to be the case. We know this from a letter Tolkien sent to their son, Christopher Tolkien, in November 1944 before their work was published.
In the letter, Tolkien references a couple chapters of the story they had completed, which they were sending to their son for review (a standard practice between Tolkien and their son). Tolkien then describes the conclusion of their epic, which was outlined but not complete:
“Book Five and Last opens with the ride of Gandalf to Minas Tirith, with which the Palantir, last chapter of Book Three, closed. Some of this is written or sketched. Then should follow the raising of the siege of Minas Tirith by the onset of the Riders of Rohan, in which King Theoden falls; the driving back of the enemy, by Gandalf and Aragorn to the Black Gate; the parley in which Sauron shows various tokens (such as the mithril coat) to prove that they have captured Frodo, but Gandalf refuses to treat (a horrible dilemma, all the same, even for a wizard). Then we shift to Frodo, and their rescue by Sam.”
All of this will sound quite familiar to fans of The Lord of the Rings. But Tolkien's next words are telling:
“With the destruction of the Ring, the exact manner of which is not certain—all these last bits were written ages ago, but no longer fit in detail, nor in elevation (for the whole thing has become much larger and loftier)—Baraddur crashes, and the forces of Gandalf sweep into Mordor. Frodo and Sam, fighting with the last Nazgul on an island of rock surrounded by the fire of the erupting Mount Doom ….”
Tolkien's letter goes on at great length (you can read it in its entirety here), but on two points he's clear: 1. They were not sure precisely how the Ring would be destroyed, and; 2. The conclusion involved Sam and Frodo fighting Nazgul on Mount Doom.
Now, regarding the former, part of me wonders if Tolkien was being coy, and they did know precisely how the One Ring would be destroyed, but they wanted to withhold that piece of information from their son for dramatic purposes. We'll likely never know for certain, of course.
Regarding the latter, we know that no fight between the hobbits and Ringwraiths occurs on Mount Doom. However, the choice to scrap this part of the story—whether it came from Tolkien or an editor—seems like a good one to me.
Frodo by this time had fought their battle. They had failed to resist the Ring, but ultimately succeeded in their quest through a Grace that had nothing to do with their own strength or courage.
A fight with a Nazgul at this stage of the story would have felt contrived and detracted from the primary story arc. Instead of two terrified hobbits crossing swords with a Nazgul, we see that, after Gollum had done their work, Frodo was "pale and worn, and yet themselves again; and in their eyes there was peace now, neither strain of will, nor madness, nor any fear. Their burden was taken away." Before their unlikely rescue by the Windlord Gwaihir, Sam and Frodo spend what they believe to be their final moments on Middle-Earth in tender embrace and stoic reflection.
The precise way in which Tolkien arrived at the ending they did is unclear (at least from the letters and sources I've reviewed), but ultimately they got it right.
They “wowed us in the end,” and that's all that matters, I suppose.
On Monday's Starting Point, Soledad O'Brien responded critically to the news that Ann Romney had called Hilary Rosen‘s comments an “early birthday present.”
“It made it sound,” said O'Brien, “like it was about strategy and not about ‘what a great opportunity' to talk about my family. It was more like, ‘Wow, I was able to score political points on an issue that could help my husband win.'”
“And that's what it is,” Will Cain acknowledged.
RELATED: Hilary Rosen Defends Them Ann Romney Comment: ‘I Love Stay At Home Moms' And ‘This Is Not About Ann Romney'
Earlier in the segment, panelist Abby Huntsman Livingston was surprised by how Romney politicized Rosen's comments.
“It makes it seem like a game, like we're in it to win it, and it's a back-and-forth-game” Livingston observed. “I thought their response would have been ‘it was hurtful that was said, I'll continue to stand up for stay-at-home moms.'”
O'Brien later questioned whether the Democratic Party's strategy over the “War on Women” was “just a PR thing.”
“I mean, transvaginal ultrasounds,” John Fugelsang jumped in.
“Wow!” O'Brien interjected. “Did you throw out that word on my morning show?”
“Yes I did!” Fugelsang replied. “Hey, I'm sorry, but they're doing it to women, it's relevant, it's political and it's moral to bring it up. When you've got Governor Scott Walker repealing the Equal Pay for Women Act on Good Friday with minimal media coverage, women in Wisconsin can't find out if they're being paid less than men for the same jobs, the Democrats have a point. But as long as they keep using a violent expression like war on women they can't complain that the GOP is trying to turn it against them.”
Watch O'Brien question Ann Romney's comments below via CNN:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
CLOSE Fearing devastating birth defects associated with the Zika virus, hundreds of pregnant women living near downtown Miami are getting tested. Obstetricians are handing out kits that include bug spray with DEET. (Aug. 2) AP
A nurse bottle feeds a newborn baby aflicted with microcephaly at a maternity ward of the University Hospital in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, Tuesday, July 26, 2016. (Photo11: Fernando Antonio, AP)
As health officials work to contain the country's first Zika outbreak, centered in a Miami neighborhood, scientists at the National Institutes of Health announced the launch Wednesday of a clinical trial of an experimental Zika vaccine.
It's the second such study to begin this summer: Inovio Pharmaceuticals provided the first dose of its Zika vaccine July 26.
There are no effective vaccines or treatments for Zika, leaving scientists scrambling to protect people, particularly pregnant women whose unborn babies are at risk of devastating birth defects.
With 15 people infected by local mosquitoes in Miami, and more than 1,600 people in the continental U.S. infected through travel, scientists pushed themselves to begin the trial as quickly as possible, launching it a month ahead of schedule, said Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
“A safe and effective vaccine to prevent Zika virus infection and the devastating birth defects it causes is a public health imperative,” Fauci said. "Results in animal testing have been very encouraging. We are pleased that we are now able to proceed with this initial study in people."
"Although it will take some time before a vaccine against Zika is commercially available, the launch of this study is an important step forward," they added.
The NIH study began Tuesday, when the first volunteer was vaccinated. The vaccine will be tested in 80 healthy volunteers, ages 18 to 35, at three locations: the NIH Clinical Center in Bethesda, Md.; Emory University in Atlanta; and the University of Maryland in Baltimore, Fauci said. The vaccine is similar to an experimental West Nile Virus vaccine already developed by the NIH, but not yet approved. All 80 of the volunteers will get different doses of the active vaccine; none will get placebos.
If successful, the NIH vaccine would ideally be given to women and teens of childbearing age and their sexual partners, Fauci said. Doctors are concerned about Zika because it can cause catastrophic birth defects in fetuses, including microcephaly, in which babies are born with abnormally small skulls and, in most cases, incomplete brain development.
Vaccinating women of childbearing age would protect their fetuses when they later become pregnant and vaccinating men would protect their sexual partners, Fauci said. Although Zika is predominantly spread by mosquitoes, both men and women can transmit the virus sexually.
Both the NIH and Inovio vaccines are called DNA vaccines and work in a relatively new way.
DNA vaccines are being tested against a number of viruses, but haven't yet been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, said Srilatha Edupuganti, an associate professor at Emory, who is leading that university's part of the NIH vaccine study. Unlike traditional vaccines -- which are made with killed or weakened viruses, or proteins from a virus or bacteria that are designed to stimulate the immune system – DNA vaccines contain just genetic material related to key proteins.
Scientists make DNA vaccines by genetically engineering a small, circular piece of genetic material — called a plasmid — that carries instructions for making two Zika virus proteins, Edupuganti said. After the vaccine is administered, a person's cells use the instructions to make Zika virus proteins, which assemble themselves into virus-like particles. The body then mounts an immune response to these particles, protecting people from future infections, Edupuganti said.
DNA vaccines have an advantage over traditional vaccines because they can be manufactured and scaled up quickly, which helped NIH launch its trial ahead of schedule, Edupuganti said. Once DNA vaccines are proven to work, "you can turn on a dime to make them," Fauci said.
If the initial NIH study proves the vaccine is safe, a larger study in a Zika-affected country or territory could begin in January, Fauci said.
Although the first study "is a go," Fauci said they are concerned about running out of money to launch a larger study next year. President Obama asked Congress to approve $1.9 billion in emergency money for Zika in February, but lawmakers have not been able to agree on a funding package. Without more money soon, Fauci said the larger trial could be delayed.
Developing a vaccine and getting it approved by the Food and Drug Administration typically takes many years. Researchers have been rushing to create one for Zika due to the urgency of the epidemic, which is blamed for a surge in birth defects in Brazil and other countries.
Developing a vaccine for an ongoing epidemic is also challenging. Zika exploded in Latin America last year, striking a population with no natural immunity to the virus. Epidemics of new viruses often burn themselves out after a period of months, however, as more people become infected and develop lifelong immunity. By the time a vaccine is ready to be tested, there may not be enough cases to show whether it's effective.
Even if the Zika vaccine isn't ready in time to prevent many infections in Brazil, the country hardest hit by the virus, it could help prevent cases elsewhere in the world, said William Schaffner, a professor at the Vanderbilt University School of Medicine.
Although Zika first appeared in Africa, the virus has in recent years diverged into two strains: an African strain and an Asian strain, which is the one that spread rapidly in Brazil. If the Asian Zika strain spreads widely to Africa, the population could be hit hard, Schaffner said.
Zika is already causing outbreaks in Cape Verde, off the African coast. It's also spreading not just in the Americas, but in the South Pacific.
Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, speaks about the Zika virus at the White House in April. (Photo11: SAUL LOEB, AFP/Getty Images)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2aNNH7X
When officers told Melody Halls, 31, that their husband died early Tuesday morning in a motorcycle accident, they went immediately to the first stage of grief: denial.
And they were right.
Two Alberta, Canada, police officers and a grief counselor arrived at Halls's Medicine Hat, Canada, home and told them to sit down. Once they asked whether their husband had tattoos, they told them he'd been killed in a 1 a.m. collision, Halls told ABC News.
"As soon as they said that, I knew something was wrong. ... I'd seen my husband at 7 a.m.," Halls said. "It was instant disbelief because it's the worst thing that anyone can ever say to you -- that your husband has been killed this morning."
Halls' husband has tattoos on their forearm and calf, but the officers told them the accident victim had tattoos on their stomach and back, strengthening Halls' conviction that their husband was alive.
Halls led the officers out to the garage.
"Sure enough, the door to our shed was open and the lock was missing off of it," they said.
The motorcycle and helmet were gone.
Police determined the motorcycle had been stolen, and the thief -- whom police have not yet named, but Halls said was a neighbor -- died in the accident.
"Although efforts were made to identify the victim of the collision based on the information available at the time, the Medicine Hat Police Service sincerely apologizes for the distress that was caused to the family of the motorcycle owner, when they were incorrectly notified," Medicine Hat Police Service Deputy Chief Richard Wigle said in a news release.
The service will be reviewing its next-of-kin notification practices, according to the police statement.
With officers in and out all day, Halls had to tell their 9- and 10-year-old children about the mix-up. They were mostly shocked at the thought of losing their father, they said.
As for their husband?
"He's really upset about their motorcycle being stolen more than anything," they said. "And that somebody died crashing it."
Halls said they aren't mad about what happened to her, but they wish the police asked about the last time she'd seen their husband before doing anything else. They said they accepted the police chief's apology on one condition: "as long as this never happens again."
In what is very quickly becoming a major November 1st tradition in Toronto, pumpkin parades took place in parks across the city last night as a last hurrah for all the creative carving done in the lead-up to Halloween. But as these various pumpkin death marches multiply, it's still the Sorauren Park parade that gets the gold gourd.
Sorauren was the first pumpkin parade back in 2004, but it's a trend that quickly caught on with well over 30 post-Halloween lantern displays now all over Toronto.
Sorauren's event had over 2,000 pumpkins on display with hundreds of people slowly walking in procession to take a look at the lit up pieces of art on both sides of the park's pathways.
Pumpkins lined up didn't quite make it all the way around the park, which was the goal, but they'll have no problem reaching that goal by next year.
Cameras and phones were flashing all night as people tried to capture the art and beauty of some of the amazing carvings. A few trends this year were white pumpkins, huge pumpkins, as well as Raptors- and Raccoon-themed pumpkins.
There were only a few Trumpkins in what quickly became known as the political pumpkin zone at the south end of the park.
Hundreds of kids roamed the trails and grassy field in the middle of the park waiting for the 9:30 p.m. pumpkin dumpster toss, when everyone helped throw the gourds in the giant compost bins provided by the city.
Check out more photos below!
Photos by Hamish Grant.
Towns in rural America are attempting to revitalize their increasingly anemic communities by incentivizing people to move out to the countryside.
Cash grants, student loan pay offs and free land giveaways are just some of the enticements smaller communities are offering to a younger generation of Americans looking to leave the big city, where in some places individuals can utilize up to $80,000 worth of incentives to relocate.
According to USA Today, rural America encompasses 75 per cent of the country, but only 16 per cent of its population, the lowest in the nation's history.
Numbers show that 54 per cent of the population in 1910 lived in rural communities, but dropped to just 19 per cent in 2010, according to a report by real estate website Zillow.
USA Today explains the phenomenon is a complicated mix of many factors, but essentially boils down to rural Americans facing fewer opportunities following technological advancement and the continued consolidation of the agricultural industry.
Academics have also argued that an increasingly globalized world where free trade and competition from emerging foreign markets have created a dearth of options for Americans living in the more bucolic regions of America.
'Meanwhile, the growth of steel, automobile and other industries, along with a college education, pulled young people into urban areas where they got married and had children. Most did not return to their rural roots,' William Frey, a demographer at the Brookings Institution, explained to USA Today.
But its not just communities in the idyllic plains of the American country side that are offering these programs.
A few surprising cities and even states also say they will help you payoff homes and financial obligations if you agree to live in their communities.
Here are some of the places around the United States Country Living Magazine says you may want to consider for your next move:
Harmony, Minnesota
Cash grants, student loan pay offs and free land giveaways are just some of the enticements smaller communities are offering
Towns in rural America are attempting to revitalize their increasingly anemic communities by incentivizing people to move out to the countryside
The Harmony Economic Development Authority incentivize people to build homes in this town with a cash rebate program worth between $5,000 to $12,000, with no restrictions on age or income level.
According to the 2010 census, the population of Harmony stood at 1,020 and features the largest Amish community in the state. The town, which bills itself as the 'Biggest Little Town in Southern Minnesota,' currently has a media age of just over 50 years of age.
The town has looked to its neighbors in Stewartville, a town of 5,900, which has seen significant growth since it implemented its own plans in 2013, offering $5,000 to build a house or $7,500 to put up a commercial, industrial or multifamily residential building, according to The Start Tribune.
'It's worked — very much so,' city administrator William Schimmel said. 'I know that some think, 'Oh, those folks were going to build anyway.' But we've seen new investment.
Marne, Iowa
The programs are designed to get a younger generation of Americans looking to leave the big city
Nineteen per cent of American in 2010 resided in rural America, a stark contrast to 54 per cent that lived in small communities in 1910
Officials in this Iowa town, located just 45 minutes away from Omaha, will give you free land to build a house if it's at least 1,200 square feet. The town, according to the 2010 census, has around 120 residents with a median age of 44-years-old.
Mayor of the town Randy Baxter said: 'This is a very picturesque town with rolling hills. For such a small population we have a lot going on.
'We also have a good schooling system, high speed internet and we are well connected to other towns.
'We have a young family of five who took advantage of the scheme living here now.
'And that's what it is all about - getting people to move here and boasting the population.'
To qualify for the scheme people need to be a resident of the US and house construction must be completed within 18 months.
Tribune, Kansas
A few surprising cities and even states also say they will help you payoff homes
Tribune, Kansas is looking to draw a younger generation of Americans to one of its least populated counties in the state, offering to pay off up to $15,000 worth of student loans over five years with the Rural Opportunity Zone program.
'We knew we needed young people in our community, and so we were looking for opportunities to bring them back,' said community development director Christy Hopkins.
'Since beginning the ROZ program, Greeley's population has increased by 55 people—25 of them being direct program participants benefiting from the student loan incentives.'
Curtis, Nebraska
If you build a single-family house in Curtis, Nebraska within a certain timeframe, you can get the lot of land it's built on for free
The land could be located in the town's Roll'n Hills addition or near the Arrowhead Meadows Golf Course
Curtis, Nebraska offers newcomers lots of free land to build a single-family house within a certain timeframe, which can be placed in the town's Roll'n Hills addition or near the Arrowhead Meadows Golf Course.
Curtis currently has a population 896, down from 939 when the 2010 US government surveyed the town in 2010.
Some of the provisions for the free land may have turned investors looking to turn a quick profit away. Curtis officials say that the land is only guaranteed for single-family homes where construction has started within six-months of entering an agreement with the city.
'There's really no catch except that you have to build a house,' Doug Schultz, Curtis city manager, told the Omaha World-Herald.
Baltimore, Maryland
A surprising addition to this list, Baltimore has two programs that will help people looking to move to the city with buying a home
A surprising addition to this list, Baltimore has two programs that will help people looking to move to the city with buying a home.
If you qualify, the Buying into Baltimore program offers residents a $5,000 forgivable five-year loan.
The Vacants to Value Booster scheme offers $10,000 for a down payment and closing costs if you purchase property considered to be distressed or formerly distressed.
As of 2015, Baltimore recorded a population of more than 620,000 residents and is the largest 'independent city' in the United States. An Independent city is a territory not incorporated into a county or counties.
New Haven, Connecticut
New homeowners can count up to $80,000 worth of perks if they decide to build a home in New Haven, Conneticut
New Haven, Connecticut is by no means a small town, but city offers home-owner incentives that qualify it for the Country Living list.
New homeowners can count up to $80,000 worth of perks including a $10,000 forgivable five-year loan for first-time buyers. It also offers $30,000 of renovation assistance, along with paying up to $40,000 towards college tuition.
'You can also receive an additional $2,500 if you're a city employee, teacher, police officer, firefighter or member of the military,' the program's website states.
The city's homeownership rate is between 32 and 34 percent, according to The New Haven Independent, with city officials looking 'to get to 35 percent and north of that.'
From 2010 to 2016, the town's population increased by 156 people, from 129, 779 to 129,934, according to census data.
Alaska
The whole state of Alaska offers a myriad of different programs that aims to draw people towards the biggest state in the union
The whole state of Alaska offers a myriad of different programs that aims to draw people towards the biggest state in the union.
State-wide interest rate reduction programs for energy-efficient homes along with incentives for veterans and live-in caretakers of physically or mentally-disabled residents are also available.
According to the Anchorage Daily News, Alaska's rate of growth and home ownership grew four years in a row until 2017, with the population leveling out at just over 700,000.
In 2016, 2,944 homes were sold, down slightly from 3,000 in 2015, the Daily News added.
Colorado
The Rocky Mountain state offers a program that will help you finance your first home if you suffer from a permanent disability
A down payment assistance grant is also available for everyone that offers up to 4% of a first mortgage, with no repayment necessary
The Rocky Mountain state offers a program that will help you finance your first home if you suffer from a permanent disability. A down payment assistance grant is also available for everyone that offers up to 4% of a first mortgage, with no repayment necessary.
Wyoming
Wyoming offers residents who look to own a refurbished home an incentive through the Rehabilitation & Acquisition Program
The state also has another program that will assist individuals looking to repair old homes that need more than $15,000 worth of repairs
Wyoming offers residents who look to own a refurbished home an incentive through the Rehabilitation & Acquisition Program, which brings foreclosures and abandoned houses back on the market for low income families after being restored.
The state also has another program that will assist individuals looking to repair old homes that need more than $15,000 worth of repairs.
Sony is showing off a live four-player local multiplayer mode for its Morpheus virtual reality headset for PlayStation 4 at E3 2015 this year. This marks the first time the company has had this kind of multiplayer experience ready for people to actually try out with a real game, including a new game called Rigs for 3v3 multiplayer arena battles.
Virtual reality is coming much closer to becoming a real thing available to consumers this year, but shared experiences in a VR environment are still fairly rare. If Sony can provide a compelling sense of shared VR, without any awkwardness in terms of how players work together in tight quarters, it could have a considerable lead on other offerings.
An arena battler is a good multiplayer starting point, but we'll hopefully hear more about how well this works later on this week after players have had a chance to give it a try.
Party with people who love Akron as much as you do!
​
The city hosts a festival for ribs and for hamburgers and for the boll weevil -- okay, I made that one up but still. Where's the festival FOR Akron, BY Akron? That's what we've set out to correct with Signal Tree Fest.
​
Whether you love the classic Akron staples like Galley Boys, jojos, sauerkraut balls, Lawson's chip dip and the Goodyear Blimp, or you're all about the next wave of local greats like NORKA soda, Not Yo Daddy's Hot Sauce, Akron Coffee Roasters, Sweet Mary's Bakery and Mr. Zub's, we're going to help you celebrate this weird and wonderful place with food, music, art and culture -- ALL-AKRON, ALL-THE-WAY!
Curious about the name of the festival? Check out our F.A.Q.!
· Global warming to kill off 1m species · Scientists shocked by results of research · 1 in 10 animals and plants extinct by 2050
Climate change over the next 50 years is expected to drive a quarter of land animals and plants into extinction, according to the first comprehensive study into the effect of higher temperatures on the natural world.
The sheer scale of the disaster facing the planet shocked those involved in the research. They estimate that more than 1 million species will be lost by 2050.
The results are described as "terrifying" by Chris Thomas, professor of conservation biology at Leeds University, who is lead author of the research from four continents published today in the magazine Nature.
Much of that loss - more than one in 10 of all plants and animals - is already irreversible because of the extra global warming gases already discharged into the atmosphere. But the scientists say that action to curb greenhouse gases now could save many more from the same fate.
It took two years for the largest global collaboration of experts to make the first major assessment of the effect of climate change on six biologically rich regions of the world taking in 20% of the land surface.
The research in Europe, Australia, Central and South America, and South Africa, showed that species living in mountainous areas had a greater chance of survival because they could simply move uphill to get cooler.
Those in flatter areas such as Brazil, Mexico and Australia, were more vulnerable, faced with the impossible task of moving thousands of miles to find suitable conditions.
Birds, which had the greatest chance of escape, could in theory move to a more suitable climate but the trees and other habitat they needed for survival could not keep pace and all would die.
Professor Thomas said: "When scientists set about research they hope to come up with definite results, but what we found we wish we had not. It was far, far worse than we thought, and what we have discovered may even be an underestimate."
Among the more startling findings of the scientists was that of 24 species of butterfly studied in Australia, all but three would disappear in much of their current range, and half would become extinct.
In South Africa major conservation areas such as Kruger national park risked losing up to 60% of the species under their protection.
In the Cerrado region of Brazil - also known as the Brazilian Savannah - which covers one fifth of the country, a study of 163 tree species showed that up to 70 would become extinct. Many of the plants and trees that exist in this savannah occur nowhere else in the world. The scientists concluded that 1,700 to 2,100 of these species - between 39% and 48% of the total - would disappear.
In Europe, the continent the least affected by climate change, survival rates were better, but even here under the higher estimates of climate change a quarter of the birds could become extinct, and between 11% and 17% of plant species.
One British example is the Scottish crossbill which is found nowhere else. The future climate in Scotland will be different and the birds will be unable to survive, especially with rivals from warmer climes moving in.
The crossbill would need to move to Iceland, but currently there are virtually no trees and suitable food. The scientists conclude: "It seems unlikely that the species will manage to move to Iceland."
In Mexico, studies in the Chihuahuan desert confirmed that on flatter land extinction was more likely because a small change in climate would require migrations over vast distances for survival. One third of 1,870 species examined would be in trouble and three small rodents, the smokey pocket gopher, Alcorn's pocket gopher, jico deer mouse would go the way of the dodo.
In South Africa, where many popular garden plants originate, 300 plant species were studied and more than one third were expected to die out, including South Africa's national flower, the king protea.
Commenting on the findings in Nature, two other scientists, J Alan Pounds and Robert Puschendorf, who has studied the extinction of frogs in the mountains of Costa Rica since the 1980s as a result of climate change, say their colleagues have been "optimistic".
When other factors as well as increased temperatures were taken into account the extinctions would probably be greater.
"The risk of extinction increases as global warming interacts with other factors - such as landscape modification, species invasions and build-up of carbon dioxide - to disrupt communities and ecological interactions."
So many species are already destined for extinction because it takes at least 25 years for the greenhouse effect - or the trapping of the sun's rays by the carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide already added to the air - to have its full effect on the planet. Deserts, grasslands and forests are already changing to make survival impossible.
The continuous discharging of more greenhouse gases, particularly by the USA, is making matters considerably worse. The research says if humankind continues to burn oil, coal and gas at the current rate, up to one third of all life forms will be doomed by 2050.
Prof Thomas said it was urgent to switch from fossil fuels to a non-carbon economy as quickly as possible. "It is possible to drastically reduce the output of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and this research makes it imperative we do it as soon as possible. If we can stabilise the climate and even reverse the warming we could save these species, but we must start to act now."
If conservation groups wanted to save species they should devote at least half their energies to political campaigning to reduce global warming because that was the greatest single threat to survival of the species.
John Lanchbery, climate change campaigner for the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, agreed: "This is a deeply depressing paper. President Bush risks having the biggest impact on wildlife since the meteorite that wiped out the dinosaurs.
"At best, in 50 years, a host of wildlife will be committed to extinction because of human-induced climate change. At worst, the outcome does not bear thinking about. Drastic action to cut emissions is clearly needed by everyone, but especially the USA."
