Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Police are searching for a "sexual predator" who pulled down their pants and attempted to sexually assault a woman in Santa Ana this week.
The victim was parking their car in the 1600 block of South Pacific Avenue around 10:45 p.m. Tuesday when they were approached by a man, who opened the driver's side vehicle door and exposed themselves to her, the Santa Ana Police Department said in a news release on Friday.
After entering the car, they pushed themselves on top of the woman and attempted to sexually assault her, the release stated. The victim screamed and fought back against their attacker, kicking the man violently and forcing them out of the vehicle.
They were last seen fleeing westbound on Occidental Street.
The victim, who did not want to be identified, told KTLA in an interview Friday that they were in their car outside their home when they spotted the suspicious stranger approaching them They decided to stay in the car, but it was too late.
"He tried to force their upper body on me. I struggled. They just kept saying, 'Come on, come on,'" the woman said.
Fourteen minutes after the first encounter, the same culprit targeted another couple in the neighborhood, according to police. They declined to release additional information about the second incident.
"He is a sexual predator, and they were looking for another victim. Again, unsuccessfully," said Santa Ana police Cpl. Anthony Bertagna.
The victim shared their story in the hopes that the man is captured, saying they felt their life has been shattered.
I'm terrified," they said. "I feel like I no longer have a home."
The man was described by police as Hispanic, 24 to 30 years old, standing between 5-foot-5 and 5-foot-7, with a medium build. They had a medium to dark complexion, and several pockmarks or acne scars on their face, according to the release.
They were wearing a dark baseball cap, gray hooded sweatshirt, dark pants and dark shoes with white soles at the time of the attempted sex assault.
Santa Ana police have asked for the public's help to identify the suspect in the case, who was described as "violent" and appeared to be familiar with the southwest part of the city, the release stated.
Anyone with information is urged to call Detective Gabe Gutierrez at 714-245-8516 or Orange County Crime Stoppers at 1-855-847-6227.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Oregon Ducks vs. Colorado Buffaloes
Oregon wide receiver Josh Huff (1) stretches across the goaline to score in the second half as the Ducks beat the Colorado Buffaloes, 57-16.
(Randy L. Rasmussen/The Oregonian)
EUGENE -- In two of Marcus Mariota's last three games he's thrown for 456 yards in one and five touchdowns in another. But now they get to face a pair of cornerbacks in Marcus Peters and Gregory Ducre who are "the best tandem we've played against, certainly this year and maybe in a long time," coach Mark Helfrich said.
That matchup, especially when they face Oregon wideouts Josh Huff and Bralon Addison, will be a highlight of Saturday's 1 p.m. game between No. 2 Oregon and No. 16 Washington at Husky Stadium.
The corners are linchpins in UW's pass defense that allows just 146.4 yards per game, third-fewest in the nation. Ducre's four pass break-ups lead the team, to go with an interception, and Peters has two interceptions with their 20 tackles.
Oregon has been talking up the talents of the pair all week, most notably how they "cancel the perimeter." In layperson's terms, it means their skill in limiting an offense's ability to stretch a field with the speed to run to the sideline. UW's passing defense and passing efficiency defense rank No. 3 in FBS this season facing offenses that weren't close to UO's level of efficiency.
"They're outstanding," Helfrich said.
But just as UO practices against two potential All-American cornerbacks each day yet hasn't faced that quality in a game setting, UW's defense might find practicing against its improved offense isn't quite a carbon copy of Saturday's test. At least, that's what UO hopes.
Last week, Oregon was able to get Huff and Addison each loose for a 100-yard game. Their emergence this season -- Huff as a consistent star after past injuries, and Addison as a million-moves nightmare to tackle -- is one of the most evident trends about this UO season. Huff has 21 catches for 445 yards and four touchdowns. Addison has 19 receptions for 345 yards and four touchdowns. One of those TDs last week silenced Colorado's home crowd during the time it took them to sprint 75 yards.
Johnny Mundt's 162 receiving yards are the next highest on the team.
"They're a really aggressive secondary, really well-coached," Addison said Thursday. "They run really well sometimes but their over-aggression kind of bites them in the butt sometimes.
"… They're going to rough you up the whole game. It's kind of a toughness thing this week. You've got to be mentally tough because it'll be a long game. They're going to rough you up, they're going to hold you, they're going to beat you up during plays so I think you just have to be mentally tough this week."
To the links:
those cornerbacks and returning kicks in this Molly Blue video.
More Blue video:
against Colorado, and how to fix that lack of energy in warmups.
Thursday about that slow start (that ended with 29 points in the first quarter anyway). One UO coach called it "really quiet."
with Friend of the Rundown Adam Jude.
Where are they now?
by Portland's Arena Football Team, according to John Canzano.
Ryan Thorburn of the Register-Guard writes about UO's connection
.
UW's campus newspaper
why the Huskies will prevail.
KEZI
with Tyler Johnstone, Addison and more here.
What must Oregon do against that fast Husky offense?
writes Jake Tabor of Addicted to Quack.
More links, courtesy of
.
Thursday's in-house practice
.
A Tennessee man and their young daughter went to a local Chick-fil-A on Monday to grab a meal and some ice cream, but their otherwise ordinary trip took a turn. A homeless man walked into the restaurant and asked for a meal, and the father was floored by what the manager had them do before giving it to him.
Murfreesboro resident Joey Mustain took their little girl, Stella, to Chick-fil-A for “daddy/daughter” time on Monday. According to FOX5, the trip turned out to be incredible for both of them. Joey and Stella had finished their meal, and after a few minutes of playing, Stella got an ice cream cone and sat down in a booth to finish it. That's when they were able to witness a “beautiful scene,” Joey said.
“A homeless traveler had walked in and asked if they had any extra food,” recalled Joey. “Mud was wet and caked on their well-traveled shoes. Their hair was matted, and their beard wasn't a statement as much as it was a necessity and a sign that they don't get to shave as often as most of us do.”
Joey explained in a post about the incident that people in the restaurant were trying to keep their distance from the man, but it didn't stop them from being nice to everyone and smiling as they waited for the manager. When the manager arrived, Joey said they could barely hear the conversation, but the manager told the man that they would gladly give them a full meal – not scraps – but there was just one condition.
“The only thing [the manager] required was that the man let them pray with him,” Joey said.
“After the homeless man agreed, there was no waiting for things to die down, there was no scooting anyone to the side,” wrote Joey. “As busy as they were, the manager stopped then and there, laid their hand on the man, and proceeded to pray.”
“I heard love in that prayer,” they continued. “The homeless man wasn't some untouchable stain on business. They were the reason that store opened its doors this morning (or any morning).”
Joey said that they told Stella to check out what was happening, and they couldn't help but stare at the two men. When they asked their father what was going on, they explained the situation to her, then they did the most adorable thing ever – bowed their head to pray with them.
Aside from being grateful their daughter was able to witness something like that, Joey said they have a new outlook on Chick-fil-A.
“I realized then and there that Chick-fil-A doesn't simply do business for profits, they truly use business to minister. In a time when companies are trying to win in the market by neutralizing any possibility of offense, CFA is thriving because they unwaveringly cling to their principles and purpose.”
Indeed they are, and just about everyone who eats there will tell you the same thing – between their excellent customer service, strong adherence to Christian values, and phenomenal food, there's little question about why Chick-fil-A has become America's favorite fast food restaurant.
Liberal philanthropist and political financier George Soros asserted that the people of Britain have a genuine sense of regret and shock in the wake of the Brexit vote to leave the European Union.
“It was a general what you call buyer's remorse,” they said. “It included everyone — the people who voted for leave, those who voted for remain, and those who didn't vote.”
Soros made their remarks during a panel at the European Council of Foreign Relations at its Annual Council Meeting.
They argued that many who voted to leave the EU wanted to register dissent about the direction of Britain, not thinking that the referendum would succeed.
But they admitted they were genuinely shocked when Britain voted to leave, adding that they “simply couldn't believe” that it happened.
The result, Soros explained, was a genuine financial market shock equal to the financial crash of 2007.
“We are in the midst of a financial crisis which is comparable to what happened in 2007 and 2008,” they said, blaming the Brexit vote for inciting panic in the financial markets.
Soros warned of a global financial crisis similar to that of the 1930s as a result of the markets reacting to the Brexit shock.
The financial markets, they argued, were good at recognizing the danger of inflation but not recognizing the danger of deflation.
“We are now actually in conditions very reminiscent of what happened in the 1930s, and the only reason why we haven't had a real depression is because we have learned some lessons from that,” they said.
Soros said the world was “very lucky” to have Chairman Ben Bernanke at the helm during the financial crisis, and praised their willingness to use quantitive easing to save the markets.
“This is a more serious crisis than you had before, for a number of reasons,” they said.
Soros called for world elites to come together and thoroughly fundamentally reform the European Union, warning of a “long drawn-out agony” of countries deciding to leave.
“Europe is genuinely doomed to fall apart, unless we come together and reconstruct it from the ground up,” they said. “This is not a time for compromises.”
I find the discourse surrounding the Snowden Affair bewildering. The latest reports suggest that the United States is using maximum political leverage, including coercive diplomacy, to discourage small Latin American countries from granting asylum to Edward Snowden. It is also complaining that Russia is giving Snowden ‘a propaganda platform' and expressing its ‘disappointment' with China/Hong Kong for its earlier refusal to expel Snowden back to the United States to face charges once their passport was cancelled.
This anger is surely misdirected. Taking the overall situation into account, whatever anger is generated, should rather be directed at the United States for employing such arrogant language and crude methods in its hopefully vain effort to gain custody over Snowden. From almost every angle of relevant law, morality, and politics the case for protecting Snowden against the long arm of American criminal law is overwhelming. Anyone who commits nonviolent ‘political crimes' should be entitled to be protected, and should certainly not be compelled to hole up in an airport transit lounge for weeks of anguishing suspense.
This contrary official US approach was concisely explained by an American embassy official in Moscow to a Human Rights Watch representative who then was apparently asked to repeat it to Snowden at their airport press conference held a few days ago: “US authorities do not consider them to be a human rights defender or a whistleblower. They broke the law and they have to be held accountable.”
It has become increasingly evident even to American public opinion that a twisted logic has gripped Washington, and has been tacitly accepted by many governments throughout the world who should know better. International law allows a government to refuse a request for extradition in the event that the accusation involves a political crime, although the definition is unsettled, and does not extend by state practice and expert opinion to violent and heinous behaviour involved in genocide, crimes against humanity, terrorism, and maybe hate speech.
It should be a ‘no brainer' that Snowden's alleged crimes were quintessentially ‘political' in nature, making a grant of extradition unlawful and regressive. Not only this, but by far the most serious ‘crimes' exposed were really focused upon the wrongdoing of the US Government and its private contractors, such as Snowden's employer, Booz, Allen, & Hamilton. As the world knows, the controversial surveillance targets were not only the totality of Americans, but, as well, included foreign governments and their most confidential activities. Under these circumstances, it seems surprising that Washington did not decide to downplay rather than highlight Snowden's supposed crimes.
Media misdirection
To date, with the mainstream media dutifully tagging along, the American strategy has managed to keep public attention focused on Snowden rather than on what their disclosures revealed. It is one more negative example of ‘American exceptionalism.' It is hard to imagine that the political leadership in Moscow or Beijing, or even London or Paris, would be lecturing Washington in a similar fashion if the shoe were on the other foot. Such a government would probably and sensibly shut up, and hope that the whole mess would quietly slip from view. Why the United States decides to act differently is worth a separate investigation.
We need to realise that extradition is a technique to foster maximum international collaboration in the enhanced enforcement of national criminal law. If extradition is unavailable, as here, or even if it had been available, it would be inapplicable, there exists no respectable legal basis for the American international pursuit of Snowden? The approach adopted by Washington is quite absurd if examined objectively. What the United States has been arguing is that since it is empowered to cancel Snowden's passport (which itself may not be ‘legal' since the right to travel is constitutionally protected unless there has been a prior formal judicial proceeding), they have no legal right to be resident in a foreign country, and hence the politically appropriate act by a foreign government is to expel them forthwith to their country of nationality. In effect, such an approach if generally adopted would make extradition completely superfluous, and in fact, because of its limitations, far less effective than the passport cancellation/expulsion ‘remedy' that seems to have been invented just to catch Snowden under circumstances where more conventional techniques would not work.
Lawyers, of course, earn their living by finding ways to produce counter-arguments that sometimes override not only common sense, but public reason. In this vein, can it not be plausibly argued that the crimes charged against Snowden involve espionage laws and theft of government property, and as such, extradition could be granted because this behaviour does not deserve to be treated as a political crime? Some commentators have pointed to the volunteer Israeli spy, Jonathan Pollard, who has languished in American jails for years to strengthen their argument that the US is entitled to gain control over Snowden.
Even the slightest reflection would be convincing that such an analogy is monumentally unconvincing. Pollard was unlawfully giving highly classified information to a foreign government and apprehended in the territory where the crime was committed, which makes the political nature of the crime irrelevant. If Snowden remained in the United States their political motivations could be argued in a court, but would not exempt them from prosecution. Their crimes might then be defended as extra-legal instances of civil disobedience. Snowden's conduct might also be defended as legal by stressing their benign intentions and the ‘necessity' to reveal the realities about the truly frightening scope and depth surveillance to avoid the greater harm to public interests. These were more or less the arguments that Daniel Ellsberg so persuasively relied upon in the Pentagon Papers case 40 years ago.
Bait and switch
What has happened here, it seems, is a classic instance of bait and switch. Since extradition could not get the results Washington so desperately wanted, only diplomatic leverage could do the job. Here international law is less help to Snowden, although I would hope that international morality would come to their rescue. The debate now swirls around the appropriateness of a grant of asylum by some foreign government. Surely, a foreign government that acceded to American demands and handed Snowden over for prosecution would bear the responsibility of knowing that Snowden's imprisonment would follow as certainly as night follows day. So far no government has been so craven as to adopt such a course of action, although none has really mounted a principled challenge to what the United States has done.
States possess wide discretion with respect to asylum, although it is conferred as a human right in Article 14 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and is supposed to be granted whenever there exists well-founded grounds for fearing persecution if the person in question is expelled to the country of nationality. The granting and withholding of asylum has always been surrounded by ideological considerations. During the Cold War the United States, although not formally granting asylum, never deported someone seek sanctuary from Castro's Cuba or other Communist countries and rarely allowed sanctuary for claimants from anti-Communist countries even if fears about their wellbeing if returned were well established.
Because asylum, unlike extradition, is treated as discretionary at the national level, diplomatic pressure is more common. Asylum is situated at the interface of law and morality, creating much more room for political manoeuvre, and intense geopolitical pressures can be brought to bear as in this case. It is most unseemly to place small Latin American countries under the gun of United States' threat of retaliatory diplomacy, especially when they seem to be acting empathetically toward someone who has acted so clearly on behalf of freedom and democracy with nothing to gain materially and much to lose. Surely, Russia is better situated than Venezuela to harbour Snowden without having to worry about adverse consequences. In such event, perhaps the White House would express its frustration by issuing an intemperate statement about Russia's unfriendly move, but likely leave at that. Doing anything more would be incredibly foolish, but of course that is no assurance that it wouldn't happen.
All along the true challenge to the US Government, the American independent media, and to governments and people throughout the world is to consider whether such a massive regime of secret unregulated surveillance by the US government in the name of national security is legally and politically acceptable. Snowden's individual fate, although properly a matter of utmost concern, is secondary to the substance of the issues of principle raised for all of us. In an unusual show of global public spiritedness and sensitivity, Navi Pillay, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights issued a highly relevant statement: “Snowden's case has shown the need to protect persons disclosing information on matters that have implications for human rights, as well as the importance of ensuring the rights of privacy...National systems must ensure that there are adequate avenues for individuals disclosing violations to express their concern without fear of reprisal.”
Despite the hue and cry associated with this rather indecent and extended effort to gain custody of Snowden, it is forgotten that their ‘criminal' acts have already borne fruit:
Opening an overdue national debate in the United States as to theproper balance between surveillance and security;
Creating a global awareness of the extent to which the American surveillance regime has a global reach that threatens confidentiality offoreign governmental activity and the privacy of ordinary persons everywhere;
Encouraging relevant Congressional committees to consider placinglimitations on invasions of privacy;
Tightening of the rules and policies relating to Department of Justice interference with journalists via acquisition of phone logs and emails.
We will miss the whole point of Snowden's ‘crimes' if we do not devote our attention to these fundamental political challenges directed at human security and democratic ways of life, and stop being distracted any longer by the circus of the chase!
Richard Falk is Albert G Milbank Professor Emeritus of International Law at Princeton University and Visiting Distinguished Professor in Global and International Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Australian Thais protest in Sydney, April 12, 2010. Photos by Thai Red Australia Group.
ต่อต้านการใช้ความรุนแรงต่อประชาชนและการละเมิด สิทธิมนุษยชนของกองทัพไทยและรัฐบาล
The following statement by Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy was released at a protest rally in Sydney on April 12, 2010.
“At least 19 people have died and 825 injured as a result of violent clashes in Bangkok Thailand, as troops tried to retake areas from anti-government protesters on 10th of April 2010.”
We, Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy, are deeply concerned over the current situation in Thailand where the military-backed government has declared a state of emergency amidst escalating protests calling for democracy and killed at least 19 people occurring on April 10, 2010. In fulfilling our obligation of human conscience, we feel the crucial need to publicly express our deepest remorse and concern for this tragedy, which has led to the massive deaths of 19 civilians so far, almost all of them meeting their horrific death while under the custody of the Thai armed forces.
We are sense that the responses of the Thai government towards this tragic incident, most notably immediately after the tragedy occurred, have demonstrated a serious deficiency in the government's level of accountability, undeniably not proportional to the gravest harm done to its own citizens at the hands of state officials “Thai military”.
More importantly, the violence in Bangkok is not a separate incident but part of the chronic problems surrounding the relationship between poor and elite people who supported by military and using all means to scrap democracy in Thailand. The pro-democracy Red Shirts comprised of the majority of the working class, peasantry and poor, have shown their real popularity and mobilising strength which has definitely shaken the royalists and the military. With the broadening of the masses' support for the Red Shirts, it could be a new and important step in the struggle of the ordinary people in Thailand for the restoration of democracy and social justice.
The government and the army are afraid to face real democratic elections, as they know that they would lose since the majority of the poor support the Red Shirts. Ahbisit and the ruling elite are refusing to call for elections and are trying to buy time and even preparing for a violent crackdown and killed more than 19 people in this tragedy.
In the views of this worrisome condition, we call for:
The immediate resignation of the military-installed Ahbisit government and the holding of fresh democratic elections. A halt to all forms of violent crackdown against Red Shirt protesters. Demonstrate greater accountability by all means possible. This includes, but is not limited to, a formal statement of remorse and apologies to the people, especially families of the deceased and the injured.
The Thai Red Australia Group for Democracy, together with pro-Democracy Thais throughout the world, will do all in our power to support the actions of those fighting for Democracy inside Thailand.
ต่อต้านการใช้ความรุนแรงต่อประชาชนและการละเมิดสิทธิมนุษยชนของกองทัพไทยและรัฐบาล
แถลงการณ์ ของ กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยออสเตรเลีย
“รัฐบาลและกองทัพใช้อาวุธสงครามปราบปรามประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์ที่เรียกร้องประชาธิปไตยอย่างโหดเหี้ยม ในเบื้องต้นมีผู้เสียชีวิตไม่ต่ำกว่า 19 คนและบาดเจ็บประมาณ 825 คน เมื่อวันที่ 10 เมษายน 2553”
พวกเราในนามของกลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลีย มีความเป็นห่วงใยอย่างยิ่งเกี่ยวกับสถานการณ์ในประเทศไทยในขณะนี้ เนื่องจากรัฐบาลของ นายอภิสิทธิ์ เวชชาชีวะที่อยู่ใต้การบงการของกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์ได้ประกาศภาวะฉุกเฉินเพื่อควบคุมผู้ชุมนุมที่เรียกร้องให้มีการยุบสภาและให้มีการเลือกตั้งใหม่ สถานการณ์ในขณะนี้ลุกลามรุนแรงทหารได้ปราบปรามประชาชนอย่างโหดเหี้ยมนับสิบชีวิตเพียงเพื่อต้องการสลายการชุมนุมของผู้ที่เรียกร้องประชาธิปไตย ในฐานะแห่งความเป็นมนุษย์ พวกเราขอแสดงความเสียใจและเป็นห่วงอย่างยิ่งต่อโศกนาฏกรรมความรุนแรงที่เกิดจากการปราบปรามผู้ชุมนุมในครั้งนี้ อันเป็นผลให้มีประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์เสียชีวิตถึง 19 ราย และบาดเจ็บอีกเป็นจำนวนมาก โดยผู้เสียชีวิตเกือบทั้งหมดเสียชีวิตในสภาพที่โหดเหี้ยม อันเนื่องมาจากปฏิบัติการณ์โดยใช้ความรุนแรงและไร้มนุษยธรรมที่อยู่ภายใต้การกระทำของกองกำลังของรัฐ คือกองทัพไทย
ภายหลังเกิดเหตุการณ์อันน่าสลดใจดังกล่าว รัฐบาลไทยไม่ได้แสดงท่าทีที่บ่งบอกถึงความรับผิดชอบอย่างเต็มที่ โดยเฉพาะต่อสถานการณ์ความสูญเสียต่อชีวิตของประชาชนจำนวนมากอันเกิดจากการกระทำของทหาร ซึ่งสถานการณ์ความรุนแรงที่เกิดขึ้นไม่ได้เกิดขึ้นจากสาเหตุใดสาเหตุหนึ่งเป็นการเฉพาะตามที่รัฐบาลกล่าวอ้าง หากแต่เกิดจากปัญหาระหว่างชนชั้นซึ่งเรียกว่า ไพร่ กับ อำมาตย์ ซึ่งเป็นปัญหาที่ฝังรากลึกมานาน จนทำให้เกิดการต่อสู้ทางชนชั้น โดยกลุ่มอำมาตย์ร่วมกับกองทัพได้ร่วมกันทำลายประชาธิปไตย ส่วนคนเสื้อแดงที่รักประชาธิปไตย ซึ่งส่วนใหญ่เป็นคนจน ชาวไร่ชาวนา กลับเคลื่อนไหวเรียกร้องประชาธิปไตบและ การเคลื่อนไหวในครั้งนี้ได้รับการสนับสนุนจากคนส่วนใหญ่ของประเทศ และส่งผลกระทบต่ออำนาจของกลุ่มอำมาตย์เป็นอย่างมาก การเคลื่อนไหวของคนเสื้อแดงในครั้งนี้นับเป็นก้าวสำคัญสำหรับคนยากจนของประเทศไทย ที่ต้องการที่จะสร้างประชาธิปไตยและความเป็นธรรมในสังคม ในขณะที่รัฐบาลปัจจุบัน กองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์กลับไม่ต้องการที่จะให้มีการเลือกตั้งตามกระบวนการ ประชาธิปไตย เพราะเขาทราบดีว่าคนส่วนใหญ่ที่เป็นคนจนในประเทศไทยคือคนเสื้อแดง ทำให้นายอภิสิทธิ์ และพวกอำมาตย์ไม่ยอมยุบสภาและพยายามซื้อเวลาจนนำมาซื้อการใช้อาวุธสงครามปราบปรามประชาชนผู้บริสุทธิ์ในที่สุด
ท่ามกลางสถานการณ์อันน่าเป็นห่วงอย่างยิ่งนี้ พวกเรากลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลียจึงขอประนามและเรียกร้อง ต่อรัฐบาลของนายอภิสิทธิ์และผู้บงการทั้งหลาย ดังนี้
1. ให้รัฐบาลของนายอภิสิทธิ์ เวชชาชีวะ ภายใต้การบงการของกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์ ลาออกหรือยุบสภาทันที รวมถึงจัดให้มีการเลือกตั้งตามกระบวนการประชาธิปไตย
2. ให้รัฐบาลหยุดใช้ความรุนแรงกับคนเสื้อแดงในทันที และเคารพสิทธิในการชุมนุมของประชาชน
3. รัฐบาลและผู้เกี่ยวข้องต้องแสดงความรับผิดชอบต่อเหตุการณ์ที่เกิดขึ้นในทุกวิถีทางที่เป็นไปได้ ทั้งนี้รวมถึงการออกแถลงการณ์อย่างเป็นทางการในนามของรัฐบาล แสดงความเสียใจและขอโทษต่อประชาชน โดยเฉพาะต่อครอบครัวของผู้เสียชีวิตและบาดเจ็บในเหตุการณ์ และดำเนินมาตรการชดใช้อย่างเป็นธรรม อย่างจริงใจและเร่งด่วน
กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยในออสเตรเลียพร้อมทั้งคนไทยและคนในประเทศออสเตรเลียที่รักประชาธิปไตย รวมถึงเครือข่ายของคนไทยที่รักประชาธิปไตยทั่วโลก จะร่วมกันดำเนินการต่อต้านการรัฐประหาร และสนับสนุนการต่อสู้ของประชาชนผู้รักประชาธิปไตยในประเทศไทยเพื่อปกป้องระบอบประชาธิปไตยและปกป้องชีวิตของพี่น้องร่วมชาติที่จะถูกกองทัพและกลุ่มอำมาตย์ละเมิดสิทธิมนุษยชนจนถึงที่สุดเช่นเดียวกัน
กลุ่มพลังประชาธิปไตยไทยออสเตรเลีย
12 เมษายน 2553
Researchers have managed to turn a spinach leaf into working heart tissue and are on the way to solving the problem of recreating the tiny, branching networks of blood vessels in human tissue.
Until now, scientists have unsuccessfully tried to use 3D printing to recreate these intricate networks.
Now, with this breakthrough, it seems turning plants with their delicate veins into human tissue could be the key to delivering blood via a vascular system into the new tissue.
Scientists have managed in the past to create small-scale artificial samples of human tissue, but they have struggled to create it on a large scale, which is what would be needed to treat injury.
Researchers have suggested that eventually this technique could be used to grow layers of healthy heart muscle to treat patients who have suffered a heart attack.
Crystal Heart: What a beautiful day for a walk through the city.* Crystal Heart stumbles*
Crystal Hoof: Are you okay Princess??* a help to get up*
Crystal Heart: Yes I'm fine ....Thank you!* on the face display a smile*
Crystal Hoof: Next time watch where you're going.
Crystal Heart: I'll have. What's your name?
Crystal Hoof: My name is Th..Crystal Hoof yes, I'm Crystal Hoof!!* fake smile*
Crystal Heart: My name is Princess Crystal Heart but tell me the Crystal Heart.
Crystal Hoof: Nice to meet you Crystal Heart!* stoop in front of the Princess*
Crystal Heart:No no please!! There is no need!!! Pleased to meet you Crystal Hoof!^^
Crystal Hoof: I'm a little busy .We'll see you guys later?
Crystal Heart: Well you take care. Goodbye!!^^
Crystal Hoof: A good day Princess!!
King Thorax will play theatre, to see if the Crystal Heart is the right person
to have a family.
CLOSE Students at a small midwestern college can now major in medical plant chemistry. Basically, it's a degree in marijuana. Buzz60
Alex Roth, 19, a sophomore at Northern Michigan University from Marquette, Mich., is working toward a medicinal plant chemistry degree with the hopes of going into the medical marijuana business. (Photo11: Provided by Alex Roth via Detroit Free Press)
LANSING, Mich. — Alex Roth has gotten into the habit of pulling out their cellphone and showing skeptical friends a screen shot of the classes he'll have to take to get their bachelor of science degree from Northern Michigan University.
“When they hear what my major is, there are a lot of people who say, 'Wow, cool dude. You're going to get a degree growing marijuana,' ” said the 19-year-old sophomore at Northern Michigan University in Marquette. “But it's not an easy degree at all.”
Their four-year medicinal plant chemistry degree — geared toward the burgeoning marijuana business that is about to explode in Michigan next year — includes classes such as organic chemistry, biochemistry, soils, biology, gas and liquid chromatography, biostatistics, genetics, accounting, financial management and perspectives on society.
Other colleges and universities — such as Harvard, University of Denver, Vanderbilt University and Ohio State University — offer a variety of classes on marijuana policy and law.
More: States forge path through uncharted territory to legal pot
And there are programs that offer marijuana certificates in a variety of disciplines at places such as Oaksterdam University, Cannabis College, and Humboldt Cannabis College, all in California; and THC University, the Grow School and Clover Leaf University in Denver.
But the Northern Michigan University program is unique, mixing chemistry, biology, botany, horticulture, marketing and finance in a four-year program that began this semester. The first class has a dozen students, but Mark Paulsen, director of the university's chemistry department, expects that number to grow quickly.
“When they hear what my major is, there are a lot of people who say, 'Wow, cool dude. You're going to get a degree growing marijuana.' But it's not an easy degree at all.” Alex Roth, sophomore at Northern Michigan University
“We're gaining students every week,” they said. “With a full 12 months of recruitment, we expect that to grow.”
The idea for the program came last year when associate chemistry professor Brandon Canfield attended an American Chemical Society annual meeting in San Diego.
“I heard all about the need for analytical chemists (in the cannabis industry) and all sorts of interesting talks. That was the initial spark,” they said.
Eighteen months later, the program is off and running with the blessing of the Northern Michigan University Board of Trustees.
“Many of the states are legalizing different substances and they're really looking for quality people to do the chemistry and the science,” said university trustee James Haveman. “And it's the university's responsibility to produce those kinds of students for those kinds of jobs.”
Students won't be growing marijuana plants in the program.
Canfield said there are plenty of ways to transfer the knowledge from growing other medicinal plants to marijuana.
More: Nevada marijuana sales hit $27M in first month
“I work with plants right now that could be considered medicinal plants,” they said, citing things such as St. John's Wort, ginseng root and mint. “We look to other plants that have been traditionally recognized with medicinal value, but are not illegal to grow.”
The students will learn how to measure and extract the compounds in the plants that can be used for medicinal purposes and then be able to transfer that knowledge to marijuana, which has been used to treat a variety of illnesses including chronic pain, nausea, seizures and glaucoma.
The Reef, a medical marijuana dispensary in Detroit on Sept. 8, 2017. (Photo11: Romain Blanquart, Detroit Free Press)
When Roth started at Northern Michigan in 2016, they were considering an environmental science degree, but decided the current political environment might not produce the type of job they wanted. When their mother, a nurse, sent them an article on the university's new medicinal plant program, they switched their major and chose the entrepreneurial path for their degree, with the hope of breaking into the multimillion-dollar business when they graduate in 2020.
Roth wants to help remove the stigma that is associated with marijuana use. They compare the “Reefer Madness” culture to how the prohibition of alcohol in the 1920s evolved into today's reality.
“Alcohol is such a big part of our culture now and I want to be a part of the change to normalize marijuana,” they said. “And I look at how much the industry is going to be worth and I think this is one of the smartest decisions I could make for my future.”
More: Pot growers allegedly tried to bribe sheriff with $1 million
While medical marijuana revenues in Michigan are estimated at more than $700 million, if full legalization of marijuana happens, as it has in eight other states and the District of Columbia, the revenues could be enormous. Arcview Market Research, a California-based company that tracks the marijuana industry, reported $6.8 billion nationally in legal marijuana sales — both recreational and medicinal — in 2016, and projects the market to grow to $21.6 billion by 2021.
So there is certainly going to be a need for chemists, agriculture experts and entrepreneurs to populate the business across the nation where 29 states have legalized medical marijuana, plus the eight states and the District of Columbia with full legalization of marijuana for recreational use. A petition drive is under way to gather the necessary 252,523 signatures to get full legalization of marijuana on Michigan's ballot in November 2018.
Before that happens, though, Michigan will roll out regulations on the growing, testing, transportation and sale of medical marijuana in the state with applications for licenses available on Dec. 15. The state Medical Marijuana Licensing Board is expected to begin awarding licenses in five different categories — for growing, processing, testing, transporting and retail sales — in the first quarter of next year.
More: Family hopes marijuana compound will stop child's seizures
Northern Michigan University is leaving nothing to chance. Faculty members have attended several marijuana-related conferences across the country this year looking to recruit students for their program as well as line up businesses that will want to hire students as both interns and full-time employees after graduation.
“We've had an overwhelming response from growing operations, dispensaries and other businesses who want to take on our students as interns,” Canfield said, adding that a stereotypical stoner need not apply.
“Obviously, the program is new and different and it might speak to a certain crowd,” they said. “But for a student to succeed, they're going to have to be very dedicated and motivated. This is not an easy program. It's a really intense, biology chemistry program.”
Follow Kathleen Gray on Twitter: @michpoligal
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2yTE6nQ
WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver ruled that the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) must reassess its analysis of the climate impacts of expanding two massive coal mines in Wyoming's Powder River Basin (PRB). The two mines approved for expansion (the North Antelope Rochelle and the Black Thunder mines) are responsible for roughly a quarter of all of United States' coal production each year and, over the lifetime of their expansions, they will add two billion tons to the United States' total coal production.
Sierra Club and WildEarth Guardians sued over BLM's decision to expand the mines, arguing that the additional two billion tons of coal would drastically increase both the amount of coal mined in the U.S. and the amount of carbon emissions emitted by coal burning power plants.
The Tenth Circuit found BLM's analysis on carbon emissions from the expansion to be glaringly insufficient when considering the uptick in coal production's impact on energy markets - namely that the uptick would drive down the cost of coal based generation, deter investment in clean energy, and result in increased carbon pollution that causes climate change. Today's decision will have a dramatic impact on how the BLM and the Department of the Interior assess future land leases for fossil fuels - giving the public a clearer picture of how public land used for extraction by fossil fuel companies will impact the most significant environmental threat facing the world today.
In response, Michael Brune, Executive Director of the Sierra Club, released the following statement:
“The Tenth Circuit Court just secured a major victory for those that care about protecting public lands and our climate. Today's decision sheds new light on the destructive consequences of leasing our most precious lands to corporate polluters who value their balance sheets more than public health.
“This decision marks a major step in our efforts to hold coal, oil, and gas companies accountable for their reckless contributions to climate change and to force the doting Trump Administration to take our environmental laws seriously.
“Our public lands belong to all Americans -- now and in the future -- and our federal government should manage these lands in a way that reflects that. Climate change is the most pressing environmental issue we face, and this decision recognizes a simple truth: BLM's choices matter. It can no longer stick its head in the sand and ignore its contribution to the climate problem.”
Jeremy Nichols, Climate and Energy Program Director for WildEarth Guardians, released the following statement:
“This decision reflects America's core values in its protection of public lands, and its progressive innovation. To languish in the past and cling to the dying coal industry, would be to reject our history as ingenious revolutionaries. We should be looking forward, to what is next in the energy industry, not back. The Court indicated today that it does not want to fly in the face of the market, despite the Trump Administration's incorrect assertion that coal is coming back. Burning coal has consequences, and the Court's decision today recognizes that our environment is more important than pandering to an obsolete industry.”
Because there is no such thing as sympathy in the NBA, the Portland Trailblazers are not having a pity party for the Clippers post-season blues. Part of the calculus this time of year is injury luck. Everyone is fragile. Last year, the Warriors 2015 post-season had a built-in advantage because their opponents didn't have key players healthy so the Warriors prospered. They grabbed the post-season by the throat and won the title and celebrated in Cleveland and everyone said they were lucky not to meet a Cleveland team at full strength. All of it was true. The Warriors were good and they were damn lucky.
Although players can't plan for it or scheme for it, luck is the x-factor on any playoff team. It is the 16th man.  They are not dressed and doesn't watch film or take 500 warm-up jumpers. But they are either on your side or they are not. Last year, it was the Warriors who benefited from luck. This year, it is the Blazers.
The Blazers are the 5th seed. They are the 5th seed because the team that was supposed to be the 5th seed, the Memphis Grizzlies, saw their entire team go down to injury. The Grizz won one regular season game in the month of April and the Blazers took advantage, pulling themselves into the 5th spot. Now the Blazers have been gifted again with both Chris Paul and Blake Griffin, the Clippers two best players, out of the lineup for the rest of the series. So the Blazers have been lucky.
But can they be good?
Can they go into Los Angeles and establish Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum as efficient threats. So far in the series, Lillard has been a bad version of himself.  They are shooting 36% and 26% on threes but then he's had to deal with Chris Paul. C.J. McCollum has been a little bit better, shooting 41% and 33% on threes. Those numbers are lower than their regular season totals of 41% for Lillard and 44% for McCollum.
Let's face it. The Blazers backcourt will take them to the second round or they will send them home. With such a huge opportunity playing a depleted team, there is the appearance the series is over. It is not. The Blazers are a young team and have very little experience to lean on but in situations like this, they have to approach it the same as if Chris and Blake were in the rotation. They can't allow themselves to play down to their opponent and think of Austin Rivers and Jeff Green as the replacements, the B team.
The opportunity for the Blazers to end this series by Friday is a side note. If they beat the Clippers in back to back games, they play the Warriors beginning next week with an injured Steph Curry in street clothes. The MVP is out until the second week in May in which they will be re-evaluated. If the Blazers get this Clippers series over and fast, they can possibly play four games against the Warriors without Steph. The Warriors would still have the advantage, let's not get crazy about it. The Blazers don't have the frontcourt to deal with Draymond Green and Andrew Bogut. But without Curry, the Blazers defense can exhale somewhat. They don't have to pick up Shaun Livingston midcourt. The offensive spacing isn't as fluid without Steph, and the Warriors dribbling and ball movement has a different pulse. They aren't the same Warriors team. They are good, not great.
Damian Lillard, the Blazers leader and franchise player, has all the burden to get the team's mind right and to get them ready to play. It's easy to overlook the Clippers but they are a veteran team with mentally tough players who understand everything has to be different now. But Jamal Crawford, Sixth Man of the Year, will still be out there draining shots. J.J. Redick will be running C.J. McCollum off of screens. DeAndre Jordan will be around the rim altering shots. It's a road game so the Blazers won't get the benefit of the calls.
On paper,it seems easy to go into L.A. and beat a Chris Paul-less and Blake Griffin-less team and slide a third win under the belt. But remember this. This same Clippers team without Chris and Blake went into Utah (who was fighting for a playoff berth at the time) and they won an overtime game in April.
Doc Rivers will have the Clippers ready, living off of emotion, making them believe they are fighting for something bigger than themselves. They have nothing to lose.
But will Damian Lillard have the Blazers ready? The Blazers have all the pressure. They have everything to lose.
photo via llananba
TEL AVIV – Activists from the Black Lives Matter movement arrived in Israel last week to protest the supposed “occupation” and “genocide” perpetrated by Israel, and to “fight for dignity, justice, and freedom.”
The BLM members joined an anti-Israel protest in the West Bank village of Bilin. Palestinian news agency Ma'an reported that two Arab protesters were arrested during the event.
The BLM delegation in Israel underscored the movement's international goals, which include opposing what it termed the “genocide” of Palestinians at the hands of “Zionist vigilantes” and the “occupation” of Palestine.
“In the fight for dignity, justice, and freedom,” the BLM movement stated on its Facebook page last Friday, “the Movement for Black Lives is committed to the global shared struggle of oppressed people, namely the people of occupied Palestine and other indigenous communities who for decades have resisted the occupation of their land, the ethnic cleansing of their people, and the erasure of their history and experiences.”
The BLM delegation argued that there is an inherent connection between the oppression of black people in the U.S. and the claimed “oppression” of Palestinians at the hands of Israelis.
“In this violent political climate, it is urgent that we make clear the connection between violence inflicted on Black people globally that is encouraged and permitted by the state and the profiling, harm, and genocide funded by the United States and perpetrated by Zionists vigilantes and the Israeli Defense Forces on Palestinian people. Our collective oppression mandates that we work together across geography, language, and culture to decry and organize an end to capitalistic, imperialist regimes.”
The group further stressed its support for the global anti-Israel boycott movement.
“We commit to global struggle, solidarity, and support of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) movement to fight for freedom, justice, and equality for Palestinian people and to end international support of the occupation.”
At the Democratic National Convention last week, BLM activists stood next to‪ anti-Israel protesters. Alternative chants of “black lives matter!” and “free Palestine from the river to the sea!” were heard.
***UPDATE – September 5th, 2014: Since the Fast Food Workers of the nation are once again agitating for an artificially higher wage than what the market dictates, it seems that they need yet another reminder of exactly how essential their “profession” truly is… ***
—–
They never learn.
(via the Chicago Tribune) – “…A few hundred fast food workers in Chicago on Wednesday voted to join a national one-day strike against their employers on May 15. Strikes are planned for 150 cities, including New York City. — The workers say they want $15 per hour wages and to form a union that would bargain over benefits and wages on their behalf. Fast food workers in Chicago make about $8.25 per hour, the state's minimum wage…”
Now, many of us have spent some amount of time employed in a Wendy's, McDonald's or a Burger King, commonly back when we were in our teens: the hours are flexible, and the level of mental effort required is minimal (at best). Entry level employment in this industry is usually considered to be a stepping stone on to greater things, whether that means a management position within the fast food chain, or a different job altogether.
So with all that in mind, any Fast Food folks who think striking is their Key To Success…may wish to rethink that strategy.
From SingularityHub.com, and courtesy of Instapundit:
“…(The) Alpha machine from Momentum Machines cooks up a tasty burger with all the fixins. And it does it with such quality and efficiency it'll produce “gourmet quality burgers at fast food prices.”
With a conveyor belt-type system the burgers are freshly ground, shaped and grilled to the customer's liking. And only when the burger's finished cooking does Alpha slice the tomatoes and pickles and place them on the burger as fresh as can be. Finally, the machine wraps the burger up for serving.
And while you fret over how many people you invited to the barbecue, Alpha churns out a painless 360 hamburgers per hour…”
This would appear to change the landscape of the entire industry. Those fancy self-serve touch screens (popularized in places like Sheetz and Wawa, and currently being tested marketed by McDonald's overseas) have been available for years, but now there's even a mechanized system which can make the food flawlessly and efficiently. Plus, the machines will never go on strike, and don't need health care.
Seriously, at this point, who would YOU rather deal with: a bored 17-year-old kid, or this machine?
Score: Machines – 2; Humans – 0.
Having the current fast food workers arguing for more money and benefits strikes me as eerily similar to France's creation of the Maginot Line prior to WWII: they appear to be fighting the previous war.
As you'll recall, that didn't end too well for the French.
Word to the wise: when current technology has already made your job obsolete, your digging in for battle on the issue may just be the impetus your employer needs to make a “change”…
And if you thought $8.25/hour wasn't enough, just wait until ‘Uniblab' is doing your job …for free.
– SiFive, the first fabless provider of customized, open-source-enabled semiconductors, today announced it has raised $8.5 million in a Series B round led by Spark Capital with participation from Osage University Partners and existing investor Sutter Hill Ventures. This Series B round brings the total investment in SiFive to $13.5 million. The funding comes as SiFive experiences a growing demand for RISC-V IP and increased interest in custom silicon.
SiFive was founded by the inventors of RISC-V – Krste Asanovic, Yunsup Lee and Andrew Waterman – with a mission to democratize access to custom silicon. In its first six months of availability, more than 1,000 HiFive1 software development boards have been purchased and delivered to developers in over 40 countries. Additionally, the company has engaged with multiple customers across its IP and SoC products, started shipping the industry's first RISC-V SoC in November 2016 and announced the availability of its Coreplex RISC-V based IP earlier this month.
“At Spark Capital, we believe technology is the great equalizer. SiFive's singular goal of putting custom chips into the hands of everyone from startups to exploratory design teams to inventors with a healthy crowdfunding campaign resonates with our core values,” said Todd Dagres, general partner at Spark Capital, who will join the SiFive board of directors. “We are excited about the potential for SiFive to enable new and emerging sectors to bring innovative solutions to market that might otherwise never see the light of day.”
RISC-V has developed a strong ecosystem of more than 60 companies including Google, HPE, Microsoft, IBM, Qualcomm, NVIDIA, Samsung, Microsemi and others. Member companies, as well as third-party open-source contributors, are actively contributing to a maturing stable of software and toolchains, including GCC and binutils, both of which have been upstreamed. SiFive maintains an easy to install toolchain, SDK and BSPs with binaries of the latest open source tools, including OpenOCD, GNU Debugger, Arduino IDE and the Eclipse integrated development environment. More updates are expected at the 6th RISC-V Workshop this week in Shanghai.
This Series B financing comes amid a string of significant milestones for SiFive in the past year:
Product Innovation: SiFive launched its Freedom Everywhere platform – designed for microcontroller, embedded, IoT and wearable applications – and its Freedom Unleashed platform – for machine learning, storage and networking applications – in July 2016. At the 5th RISC-V Workshop in November, SiFive announced general availability of the Freedom Everywhere 310 (FE310) SoC and the HiFive1 software development board.
SiFive launched its Freedom Everywhere platform – designed for microcontroller, embedded, IoT and wearable applications – and its Freedom Unleashed platform – for machine learning, storage and networking applications – in July 2016. At the 5th RISC-V Workshop in November, SiFive announced general availability of the Freedom Everywhere 310 (FE310) SoC and the HiFive1 software development board. Industry Recognition: SiFive was recognized as the Startup of the Year by the 2016 ACE Awards. Its contributions to the open source community were noted by the Linley Group's Analyst Choice Awards, which named RISC-V its Technology of the Year for 2016. Additionally, the seminar computer architecture textbook, “Computer Organization and Design,” has been updated to include RISC-V in the latest edition, which was released in April.
SiFive was recognized as the Startup of the Year by the 2016 ACE Awards. Its contributions to the open source community were noted by the Linley Group's Analyst Choice Awards, which named RISC-V its Technology of the Year for 2016. Additionally, the seminar computer architecture textbook, “Computer Organization and Design,” has been updated to include RISC-V in the latest edition, which was released in April. Customer Adoption: Earlier this month, SiFive launched its Coreplex IP and announced a growing ecosystem of partners, including Faraday, Microsemi and United Design Systems, making SiFive Coreplex IP available to their downstream customers.
Earlier this month, SiFive launched its Coreplex IP and announced a growing ecosystem of partners, including Faraday, Microsemi and United Design Systems, making SiFive Coreplex IP available to their downstream customers. Company Growth: SiFive's employee base has grown more than 280 percent to support the development of its Freedom Everywhere and Freedom Unleashed SoCs, as well as the launch of its E31 and E51 Coreplex IPs. SiFive's leadership team continues to grow with key engineers from Altera, ARM, Atmel, Cadence Design Systems, Cisco, Intel, Juniper, Marvell, Nvidia Qualcomm, Synopsys and Xilinx.
“We are energized by the partnerships we have forged with our investors and their strong belief in SiFive's mission,” said Jack Kang, vice president of product and business development at SiFive. “This investment will enable our continued growth for years to come, and will allow SiFive to further establish that alternatives really matter in an era where traditional silicon vendors no longer are the most innovative in the industry.”
About SiFive
SiFive is the first fabless provider of customized semiconductors based on the free and open RISC-V instruction set architecture. Founded by RISC-V inventors Krste Asanovic, Yunsup Lee and Andrew Waterman, SiFive democratizes access to custom silicon by helping system designers reduce time-to-market and realize cost savings with customized RISC-V based semiconductors. SiFive is located in Silicon Valley and has venture backing from Sutter Hill Ventures, Spark Capital and Osage University Partners. For more information, visit www.sifive.com.
MEDIA CONTACTS
Jack Kang
SiFive
(510) 673-1309
jack@sifive.com
Leslie Clavin
SHIFT Communications for SiFive
(415) 591-8440
lclavin@shiftcomm.com
Print Article
The Knit Wits are at it again, beginning a 20th year of crocheting and knitting items to donate to Kootenai County residents in need.
The group of more than 40 members spends much of the year making items such as slippers, hats and blankets. The items are distributed at the end of the year to 15 different nonprofit organizations, including Life Care Center, Idaho Youth Ranch, three different Head Start facilities and three food banks in the area.
Linda Park, a member of the Knit Wits since 2007, said the group needs donations of washable yarn or money to buy the yarn.
They said the group made more than 2,300 items for the organizations in 2015.
"We are starting all over again," Park said. "We make things all throughout the year. In December we organize it all and bag it up for each charity group."
They said the items are stored at the home of Jan D'Arc, who heads the group. The items are distributed to the organizations during the December meeting of the Knit Wits.
The Knit Wits meet on the first Wednesday of every month at the Lake City Center from 1-3 p.m., where they drop off items they have made and pick up more yarn and have some snacks.
"I personally enjoy it very much because I love to knit, and there is only so many things my family can have in their closets," Park said. "I joined the group so I could keep knitting and have some place for it to go. It's nice to give it to people who actually need it."
Donations can be dropped off at the Lake City Center, located at 1916 Lakewood Drive.
A Courtenay man believes they may have found the world's oldest message in a bottle, after stumbling upon what appears to be 107-year-old bottle on a Tofino beach.
Steve Thurber, 53, was walking along Schooner's Cove on Monday when they noticed a green glass bottle with a rusty cap lying in a sand dune. Through the murky glass, they could see an envelope inside.
Thurber was able to read the cursive writing on the outside of the envelope — signed by someone named Earl Willard and dated Sept. 29, 1906 — without opening the bottle. The envelope says Willard threw the bottle into the ocean 76 hours into a journey on the steamer Rainier as it sailed from San Francisco to Bellingham, Wash. What's inside Willard's envelope, and who the message was for, remains a mystery.
"People want me to open it," Thurber said. "I'm not going to just yet."
Because of all the rust around the lid, they said, they would likely have to break the bottle to open it. It's unclear whether there's a note inside the envelope.
"I just showed everyone I ran into. Everyone is amazed," Thurber said. "They think it's really neat."
In 2012, a Scottish fisherman found a message in a bottle dating back to 1914, which Guinness World Records officials acknowledged as the oldest of its kind.
The bottle was one of 1,890 bottles cast into the water as part of an experiment by the Glasgow School of Navigation to map the undercurrents of the sea around Scotland.
"So [that one] is a little more common than the one I found," Thurber said.
In the days since the find, Thurber has started to do more research. They have found an Earl Willard in Bellingham but hasn't been able to verify whether the man is related to the person who wrote the note.
A friend of Thurber is doing a genealogy search for more clues.
Based on the bottle's label, they found it was made by North Star Bottling Works, which was operating in the early 1900s in San Francisco. The envelope lists an address in Bellingham that is now a railway museum.
Thurber plans to contact the Guinness World Records committee, but has been too busy responding to media interest from around the world.
The area where Thurber found the bottle had recently been excavated as part of a Parks Canada restoration project.
kderosa@timescolonist.com
Click here to read more stories from The Victoria Times Colonist.
To create a platform where world-class technology experts network, software house Dev2 recently hosted the crème del a crème of developers at its social evening in Durban – a city fast asserting itself as a hub for cutting edge software development. By Staff Writer
“This sector is fast-paced, the opportunities and challenges constantly accelerate. Durban boasts top talent and to see this number grow year on year proves that the city is grooming local talent at an impressive rate” said Dev2 director Wallis Buchan.
They added that when they began the social evenings in 2012, they attracted about 20 developers – a far cry from the over 90 who now gather to keep abreast of the ever-changing technology trends.
Software development has become core for every company. If you don't believe this, simply ask any vehicle manufacturer who spends colossal amounts of time and resources annually improving their digital abilities because the future of the car is not the brand of the tyres or the number of cupholders.
It's the software underneath, the technology powering services for the convenience of drivers and passengers. Similarly, mass retailers are now able to unify and improve their operations because of software and this is creating a connection between customer loyalty programmes (which collect shopping data) and the growing family of creative promotions. There are endless examples.
FROM LEFT TO RIGHT – Microsoft's Most Valuable Professional (MVP) and software developer Gordon Beeming, Developer and “Bot” expert Pivendren Naik, Microsoft Principal Technical Evangelist and MVP Brent Samodien, Dev2 Director Wallis Buchan and Richard Gevers, founder of Open Data Durban also an activist for good government.
To ensure South African developers are world-class, a regular meeting of the minds and exchange of thought across the country will be necessary. Tech heavyweights Microsoft Techical Evangalist Brent Samodien, Microsoft Most Valued Professional Gordon Beeming, chat bot expert Pivendren Naik and Open Data Durban founder Richard Gevers are sought after nationally for their insights yet – were accessible to attendees at the Dev2 Evening.
Together and informally, they delved into the minutia of cloud development, artificial intelligence, advanced development platforms, data, virtual reality and more. If rated in terms of opportunity, such a gathering would be priceless and to have it take place in Durban surprised many.
Data geek Gevers said “From what I can tell from discussions with our partners in Cape Town and Johannesburg – it's certainly easier to innovate in tech in those cities right now in terms of funding, government support and enablement, and in terms of finding people to partner or collaborate with. Having said that, I think that people and firms that know of Durban and work with Durban's tech firms are pleasantly surprised”.
They added that they were more aware of events and collaborations and more aware of who is in the ecosystem than they were before.
“I would say that most of the tech organisations I come across are looking to connect and collaborate and I think that is an early indicator of a hub forming and that bodes well for Durban's tech hub future. We just need to get over our fear of competition and foster collaboration for all this activity to actually form a hub” said Gevers.
Software is a big part of the world's future and it is crucial that every country cultivates the talents that deliver on software and other technologies in order to be competitive.
According to Durbanite and bot expert Naik “The fantastic thing about software development is that it is location agnostic, your geography does not determine the quality of your code” adding that although that may be so and although Durban was not on par with what international markets offer – it was a bet they were willing to take.
Durban, from its supposedly sleepy coastal vantage, is helping revolutionise and build South Africa's development pedigree. Can it become the Silicon Valley of South Africa? That may happen sooner than you think and the Dev2 Developer Evenings are helping lay that foundation.
Main Photo Credit: South African Airways Destination Guide
Facebook moderators have been ordered to remove “dehumanizing” posts about migrants and refugees, but not Holocaust denial posts in countries where it's outlawed, according to a new report.
“The files explain that moderators should take down Holocaust denial material in only four of the 14 countries where it is outlawed,” reported The Guardian on Wednesday, referencing leaked Facebook training documents. “One document says the company ‘does not welcome local law that stands as an obstacle to an open and connected world' and will only consider blocking or hiding Holocaust denial messages and photographs if ‘we face the risk of getting blocked in a country or a legal risk.'”
Though Facebook stated in the documents that refugees and migrants also “will not receive the protections given to other vulnerable groups,” the social network has allegedly told moderators “to remove dehumanising speech or any ‘calls for violence' against refugees.”
“Content ‘that says migrants should face a firing squad or compares them to animals, criminals or filth' also violate its guidelines,” explained The Guardian in their report. “According to the documents, comments permitted under the policy include ones such as: ‘Islam is a religion of hate. Close the borders to immigrating Muslims until we figure out what the hell is going on'; ‘migrants are so filthy'; ‘migrants are thieves and robbers'; and ‘Mexican immigrants are freeloaders mooching off of tax dollars we don't even have.'”
“Fuck immigrant” and “Keep the horny migrant teenagers away from our daughters,” are also allegedly allowed on the platform, however “it is a violation of the rules on migrants to ‘equate them to other types of criminals, eg rapists, child molesters, murderers or terrorists.'”
“As a quasi-protected category, they will not have the full protections of our hate speech policy because we want to allow people to have broad discussions on migrants and immigration which is a hot topic in upcoming elections,” stated Facebook in their training manual. “Countries are not protected… people from a country are protected”.
Followers of particular religions are also protected, as well as sexual orientations (including “asexuals”), while political ideologies, politicians, and physical traits are all allowed.
Austria, France, Germany, and Israel are the only countries listed in the documents where moderators should remove Holocaust denial posts, “not on grounds of taste, but because the company fears it might get sued.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @MrNashington or like their page at Facebook.
India has been growing as a big player in the technology industry as big companies in the industry such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) shift their focus towards the second most populous nation in the world. Apple CEO, Tim Cook, recently visited the country as did the Dell Inc. CEO, Michael Dell. Another big tech industry CEO is also set to visit the country. Microsoft CEO, Satya Nadella is going to visit their birth country to help understand the low penetration of the market there and understand ways they can change that as a company.
This is set to be the third visit for Satya Nadella since their takeover of Microsoft from Steve Ballmer back in February 2014. In their first trip, during the 25th anniversary of Microsoft in India, the company launched three new local data centers which offered the Azure cloud services. They also visited back in December 2015, which was a personal visit.
Now the CEO has a plan set forth for their third trip to the country.  They are set to give a keynote speech at a Microsoft-organized event on May 30 which is titled, ‘Tech for Good, Ideas for India.' At the event, the CEO is expected to communicate and listen to developers, students, young achievers and any aspiring tech entrepreneurs. The event is expected to be graced by Minister of State and Finance in the company, Jayant Sinha. The chairperson of Microsoft India, Bhaskar Pramanik, and the general manager for the developer experience at Microsoft India, Narendra Bhandari is also expected to be there.
A later meeting with the industry leaders in the company is expected to go on at the Confederation of Indian Industry. Confirmation on whether Satya Nadella is going to meet up with the Prime Minister of the country has not been made yet.
The Microsoft CEO, just as the Apple CEO, is expected to address the divide and gap between the digital industry in the country and also help empower businesses and all tech related individuals in the process. On the commercial front of their visit, the cloud technology is expected to be the main thing, together with low-cost connectivity and the TV White spaces are expected to be focused on the consumer.
The TV White Spaces technology was launched back in 2015 by Microsoft and makes use of unutilised low band frequencies to be able to transmit data. It is a rival to the Google Project Loon and Facebook's Free Basics programme. The Indian government has favoured the TV White Spaces technology over the rivals. The company is already involved in projects so that they can bring the technology to villages in the country after already doing tests.
The company also wants to use the accelerator program so they can better advance the entrepreneurs in the country. The company is offering digital literacy, online safety, and computer science education programs through the YouthSpark program.
I fanarted. NOT SORRY AT ALL.
For those of you who are unaware, I AM ALL ABOUT YOUNG JUSTICE. But sadly Cartoon Network has decided not to renew the show for a third season. In an attempt to save what is arguably one of the BEST animated shows around, fans have gathered together and started a SAVE THE HEROES campaign on tumblr and twitter.
EDIT
I've had a few questions about why the super powered heroes aren't helping out- if you look closely you'll see they've got inhibitor collars on.
So this was just one of my contributions.
Hope you like it.
Young Justice © DC
Art © Me
JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR ALL THE LOVE.
I don't have time to thank you all individually but I LOVE YOU ALL!
The ache in my left arm seems to travel up a nerve towards my shoulder. I wince as I stretch the arm up and then rotate it in an arc. Every Friday night I attend a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu class, and last week during open rolling – which, to the uninitiated, is essentially grappling with a partner – I was thrown to the mat by a zealous fellow student, and crashing onto my left arm I immediately felt the shock of pain that now lingers there in my bicep. At the time I was a bit angry, as the amount of strength my opponent applied was a bit excessive for such a drill, but thinking about it now perhaps that is foolish of me. It is a fight exercise after all. Myself, I am always slow to apply great strength in any drill, as I am fairly frightened of hurting someone. I often find that during a roll where I am dominant and pressing down with intense force that I periodically ask my opponent if they are OK. If they weren't, they of course, could easily tap out, but still, it concerns me that I might needlessly hurt someone.
Jiu Jitsu, if we return to the Japanese root words (Ju Jutsu) is the art of yielding. As combatants roll they are applying strength and force, but they are also reading the direction of the force being applied against themselves and then attempting to use their opponents energy against them. My trainer once relayed a statement that they heard from a master practitioner, which was essentially that all of Jiu Jitsu knows which square inch of the opponent on which to apply all of one's body weight, and knowing when to do it. This trainer is by day, a police officer. Funny, myself an anarchist, a vehement supporter of efforts to abolish prisons and police, respectfully and humbly listening to this man and trying to always devour with my eyes all of their movements and motions so that I can absorb them in the fibers of my own legs and hips. I laugh at their jokes, as they are genuinely funny, and in the next moment, I imagine them using the very techniques they are demonstrating to subdue me in the streets. I wonder how these skills they impart on me have been applied against people who now sit in a prison. When we roll, they out classes and out strengths me, but each time I am able to resist their efforts to sweep me, I smile. That smile is then quickly followed by them quickly overtaking me.
Life is complicated and so entirely writ with nuance and irony. There is a beauty to such contradictions, and I am grateful to be reminded of the great complexity of our context, and I am grateful too for the reminder that a world so replete with complexity and contradiction is a world in which easy answers need not apply. Often we simplify what we experience to make our day-to-day existence easier or more efficient. In doing so, we almost certainly shuck away the truth of things until we create an existence with a lot more mutual exclusivity than is actually present. We make binaries out of gradients. This is often necessary. It is also often the first step towards justifying violence as it is the root of manifesting the “other.”
—
Thirteen people were arrested in Anaheim this past week as a Ku Klux Klan rally was quickly cut short by anti fascist activists who confronted and then fought with the Klan members. The Klan members pulled knives, and even used the point on the tip of a flag pole to fight back, and they ultimately stabbed three people. Back in 2012 several young people crashed a meeting of white supremacists in Tinley Park, Illinois attacking the attendees. Five of them were eventually arrested and served prison sentences. Anti-racist actions such as these often have mild mannered Americans suggesting that we must refrain from violence and respect free speech. They follow with the claim that the only weapon to be used against Klan members and neo-nazis is either counter speech, or out right ignoring them.
The logic of such suggestions goes like this:
Free speech will conquer bad ideas and hate. Those with hateful ideologies will be shown as the fools they are by the reasoned counterarguments of those who oppose them, and these counterarguments will affect society at large in a positive way, resulting in a society in which those who proliferate hate speech are mocked and shunned. Thus, no violence is necessary to counter them. Further, the application of violence to counter speech opens us to the “slippery slope” whereby violence is brought against more and more people for even slight deviations in thought or opinion. Also, violence begets violence, so we should always and forever avoid it.
The entirety of this issue needs unpacking because it is quite convoluted. “Free Speech,” as it is referred to in the United States is a reference to a constitutional protection offered by the first amendment which prohibits the government from interfering with the speech of individuals and groups. It is not an obligation of an individual to hear out any other. Of course, it should be said that like most constitutional protections, “free speech” goes right out the window once it is not convenient for the state or their capitalist counterparts. Endless videos of protesters being gleefully beaten by the police can attest to this fact.
Obviously, unthinking and mindless violence is not the tool we should immediately reach for every time someone says something we disagree with. Someone at a bar stating that, “climate change is a hoax,” is not justification for me to haul off and break their nose. As a long time bartender, I have found that usually mockery and humor are the best weapons against the drunken loud mouth who wants to use my bar top as their soap box. This is a skill I have finely tuned over many years of dealing with drunks, almost always men, who after a few beers want to loudly espouse their right wing talking points. I may well be a black belt in rhetorical judo.
However, what if this person says, “I am going to fucking kill you!” Am I justified then in kicking them in the jaw and crushing their face into the floor? Surely I would need to read the tone and intention in their voice, but the point remains that a direct threat of aggression permits a response that can meet and dislocate the threat. And that is where the waters begin to muddy. The Klan has an extremely violent history. Their rhetoric is rhetoric of violence towards entire swathes of the population. How tolerant should the general public be of a group that has incited horrendous and gruesome violence spanning generations?
More imporantly, how patient should the be victims of racist violence be with liberal society's calm and reasoned counterarguments? If a cross is burned in your front yard, or a black man dragged behind a pickup truck in your town, should you sit back and wait for well articulated, non-violent responses to convince white supremacists of the inappropriateness of their behavior? The sheer fact is, that sometimes, counter violence is the exact response necessary. Indigenous peoples were completely justified in fighting back against the encroaching settler presence as it occurred in the Americas. It is still the appropriate response in those last places where indigenous peoples live in their traditional homelands which are threatened by attempts at civilized exploitation, be it for the construction of an oil pipeline, a hydroelectric dam, a nuclear waste dump, or the construction of a university telescope.
Those who are the victims of the violence meted out by the dominant culture need not wait for those behind the levers of power to spawn a conscience. They need not wait for a critical mass of pacifists to turn the gears of democracy and generate a legal response for their protection.
I am reminded of Albert Camus' Letters to a German Friend, in which they lament the absence of an immediate and forceful response on the part of the French to Nazi aggression. Camus suggests that the French consciousness is one which responds to the absurdity of the human condition by seeking beauty and love, whereas the Nazi response was one of nihilism and the pursuit of conquest. Such dispositions gave the Nazi an advantage over the French who first pontificated on the righteousness of counter violence. The Nazi did not care for such ethical questions, and according to Camus, in the end it took the French coming to terms with the righteousness of their position, indeed, it took the confidence of spirit and the sword together to be victorious over the Nazi:
“…[W]e shall be victorious thanks to that very defeat, to that long, slow progress during which we found our justification, to that suffering which, in all its injustice, taught us a lesson. It taught us that, contrary to what we sometimes used to think, the spirit is of no avail against the sword, but that the spirit together with the sword will always win out over the sword alone.”
—
Any suggestion that the tool of violence is appropriate does require that those who would take it up think long and hard about the implications of their actions. Our world of seven billion people and growing is a world of seven billion minds all generating individual interpretations of reality. To be sure, the majority of those minds are convinced of the righteousness of their actions and ideologies. The abortion clinic bomber is convinced that theirs is a justifiable counter-violence. The ISIS executioner is convinced that theirs is a justifiable counter-violence. The anarchist arsonist and US military drone pilot are likely also convinced that theirs is a justifiable counter violence. How in such a cacophony of noise, confusion, and rash behavior can one escape what is a seemingly impossible knot of human delusion, anger, and misunderstanding? How in good conscience can a person with deep concerns for autonomy, cooperation, and compassion suggest adding to the violence and misery of the world?
When would it have been OK to start attacking Nazis during the rise of the third reich? When Hitler was giving speeches in small halls to small audiences, would it have been reasonable counter violence for anti-fascists to have attacked them and their cadres? There would have been a point in time where this small man loudly screaming their nonsense to a room of twenty people was absolutely laughable. Rational minds would say, “Just ignore him!  They are a fool, and they and their ideology will amount to nothing.” Years later there would have been a time when organizing to violently confront Nazis would have meant a death sentence, when the party already controlled the state apparatus and resistance would have been near impossible. At what point in between was the exact right moment to strike, according to a pacifist or liberal dogma?
This is the trouble with nuance. Easy answers are usually wrong answers. To strike opens us up to greater realms of ethical complexity and realms of possible negative fallout. To wait cedes crucial time and ground to those who have absolutely no concerns for such ethics. At what time, and what place, do we place one hundred percent of our strength? When do we yield and allow the momentum of our opponents to be their own undoing?
Sometimes yielding is fighting. And sometimes you give up your back and get caught in a vicious rear naked choke. Master tacticians can be brutal in their yielding. But even master tacticians can be knifed in the dark. As Mike Tyson said, “Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face.”
At the end of it all, we must choose which is the preferable mistake, and in making such mistakes we put our souls on the line, killing an integral part of ourselves because we hope that in doing so a greater beauty is allowed to survive. Then we pray that our children can forgive us.
I, for one, will not err in favor of compassion for a Nazi.
—
Choirs of frogs still sing along the rim of the pond as dawn breaks. While still technically winter, the robin hopping along the ground near budding daffodils tells me that spring is here. Another cold front is always possible, but this winter that never really materialized is bowing out. The garden calls for so much attention. Greens need to be planted, pathways need covering with wood chips, and I need to get annual seeds started and placed in a cold frame. Energy surges upward from the subterranean metropolis of tree roots and mycelium, and as it flows through the flesh of hickory and maple, oak and dogwood, so to it flows through my limbs. I am anxious to get back to the long, slow process of developing our homestead. My endless list of projects is less daunting these days as I approach it one job at a time.
Out in the world of human hollering and bickering, an impending election is drawing a lot of attention. I try to ignore it. I try to focus on our small hollow here in the backwoods. Our community of young families trying to get by on the day to day with what little we have while surmounting the challenges that the raw entropy of civilized life throws at us can absorb pretty much all of the mental capacity I have to offer. But then there are whispers and hints that the authoritarianism and racism being whipped up by certain campaigners finds it way to my ears, and I ask myself, if it comes here openly and brazenly, what am I to do? What cannot be tolerated? What requires a response, and am I prepared to offer one?
Perhaps we should all start asking ourselves such questions. By the time the shadow has covered us all, it is too late to take shelter from the storm.
Advertisements
Robot Combat League Presented by Chris Jericho Country of origin United States Original language(s) English No. of seasons 2 No. of episodes 9 Production company(s) Smart Dog Media Release Original network Syfy Original release February 26, 2013 ( ) –
April 23, 2015 ( 2015-04-23 ) External links Robot Combat League @ syfy.com Website
Robot Combat League (RCL) is a television show on the Syfy network about robot fighting competitions. On the show, teams use exosuits to control fighting robots. The series is hosted by Chris Jericho, and premiered on February 26, 2013 at 10 PM EST.
Overview [ edit ]
Each weekly show features tournament competitions between 8-foot, 1000-pound[1] humanoid robots controlled by human competitors, one robo-jockey and one robo-tech per team. The series features twelve teams of individuals from diverse backgrounds. Each team is paired with a robot that they control using an exo-suit that directs its movements. Each fight goes three rounds, and the winning team advances.[2] There are 12 total robots. The robots range from an axe headed laser eyed warrior to a robot made of plexiglass and a roll cage. The robots and the suits used to control them were created by robotics expert Mark Setrakian.
Rules [ edit ]
Robot Combat League: Rules of the Game.
Every game has its rules - even ones involving giant, fighting robots. Below are the rules of Robot Combat League:
• Fights consist of three, two-minute rounds
• Three ringside judges score the action to determine a winner
• Points are awarded to strong solid hits to vital parts
• Teams have a pit crew and twenty minutes in between rounds to make all necessary repairs
• Judges can stop a round early due to excessive damage
• Robots can be KO'd if they are unable to make the bell signifying the round's end • Robots can be KO'd if they are unable to make the bell signifying the round's end Robot Combat League: Rules of the Game @ www.syfy.com[3]
^Note : In the season one finale's championship fight there were five two-minute rounds, with the winner being the first team that won three rounds out of the five.
Competition Participants [ edit ]
Each team consists of a uniquely themed robot and two human controllers.
One human is the "Robo-Jockey," controlling the robot's arms and torso while standing via an exosuit-like harness strapped to their or their back and arms.
The other human is the "Robo-Tech," seated in a chair while using two joysticks to control the robot's feet and any other unique parts, such as the movable axe "head" on A.X.E.
Each robot is powered by hydraulic and pneumatic actuators. Each robot moves on two feet, stabilized by a bar that attaches at the back of the robot, above the legs. The robots each have six actuators at the waist, and several more in each arm. The robots are all styled and painted to be unique and distinct from each other. This unique styling is especially expressed in the different types and designs of armor that cover each robot, from sheet steel, to steel pipe roll cages, to carbon fibre, to leather. The robots' hands are also all individually styled, and can be quickly detached to facilitate repairs between rounds, or swapped out for weapon attachments. Several cameras may be mounted on each robot by the show staff to capture show footage, but none of the camera images were used to help control of the robot. The robots are controlled by the "Robo-Jockey" and "Robo-Tech" via direct line-of-sight, from two raised platforms at either end of the arena. The initial team seed order was determined by a timed challenge in the first episode.
Episodes [ edit ]
Overview [ edit ]
Season Episodes Season Premiere Season Finale 1 9 February 26, 2013 ( ) April 23, 2013 ( )
|- class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;" |- ! colspan="2"| Season !! Episodes !! Season Premiere !! Season Finale
Season 1 (2013) [ edit ]
No. Title[4] Original air date[5] Powerup Challenges / Training / Match Ups[6] Fight Winner(s) 1 "Rise of the Machines" Feb. 26, 2013 Man meets machine / Steel Cyclone vs Crash Crash 2 "Blood, Sweat and Gears" Mar. 5, 2013 Scorpio vs Commander / Thunder Skull vs Brimstone Scorpio Brimstone 3 "A Hero's Journey" Mar. 12, 2013 Game Over vs A.X.E./ George Lucas cameo[7] / Robo Hammer vs Drone Strike A.X.E. Drone Strike 4 "The Fight of Your Life" Mar. 19, 2013 Special training with Freddie Roach / Steampunk vs Medieval Steampunk 5 "The Next Level of Carnage" Mar. 26, 2013 Big surprise / Quarter-Finals begins / A.X.E vs Scorpio Scorpio 6 "Kicking Bot" Apr. 2, 2013 Steampunk vs Drone Strike / Crash vs Brimstone Steampunk Crash 7 "Wild Card Fight" Apr. 9, 2013 Steel Cyclone vs Thunder Skull (both voted in by remaining teams) / Weapon selection Steel Cyclone 8 "Semi-Finals" Apr. 16, 2013 Crash vs Scorpio / Steampunk vs Steel Cyclone Crash Steampunk 9 "Built Like a Champion" Apr. 23, 2013 Powered weapon reveal & corner man selection / Crash vs Steampunk Crash
The Season One Teams and competition results [ edit ]
[8] The Robots [ edit ]
Seed Robot Speed Strength Endurance Height Weight Reach Strengths Weaknesses 1 Steel Cyclone 9 6 5 7'0" 768 lbs 41 in • Torpedo fists with hemispherical striking surface
• Low profile head and torso • Medium armor crumple zone 2 Commander 5 10 8 8'4" 814 lbs 46 in • Tank tread feet for extra traction
• Giant fists • Exposed midsection 3 Game Over 6 9 8 8'7" 760 lbs 40.5 in • Massive steel and polycarbonate body armor • Top heavy 4 Brimstone 10 7 6 8'2" 756 lbs 42 in • Hammered steel dome is impenetrable
• Leather armor absorbs impact • Hydraulic fluid breaks down leather armor 5 Medieval 6 8 8 7'11" 775 lbs 42.5 in • Spike ball
• Shock mounted arm shield • Asymmetrical design may be difficult to control 6 Robohammer 8 8 6 8'0" 766 lbs 40 in • Chromoly steel fists are heaviest of all robots • Must maintain striking distance 7 Drone Strike 6 9 8 8'0" 792 lbs 43.5 in • Gatling fists
• Complete torso protection • Shallow armor crumple zone 8 Steampunk 5 7 10 8'3" 819 lbs 44 in • Deep armor crumple zone for excellent endurance
• No shoulder armor for best arm mobility • No shoulder armor 9 Thunder Skull 5 9 8 8'5" 785 lbs 40.5 in • Massive steel fists are long and heavy
• Steel armor with excellent coverage • No easy access for repairs 10 A.X.E. 5 7 8 7'10" 842 lbs 37.5 in • Axe-head weapon
• Excellent front armor protection • Must maintain close range to fight effectively 11 Scorpio 9 8 5 8'1" 760 lbs 43.5 in • Blade weapons
• Carbon fiber composite armor • Carbon fiber armor is not as strong as steel 12 Crash 7 5 10 7'9" 826 lbs 38.5 in • Chromoly steel roll cage • Roll cage is hard-mounted, does not absorb impact
The Human Competitors [ edit ]
Tournament Results [ edit ]
Teams Quarter-Finals Semi-Finals Championship 12 Crash Rd.2 1 Steel Cyclone KO 12 Crash Rd.3 4 Brimstone KO 4 Brimstone Rd.2 9 Thunder Skull DQ'd 12 Crash 84 11 Scorpio 81 11 Scorpio Rd.3 2 Commander KO 11 Scorpio Rd.1 10 A.X.E. KO 10 A.X.E. Rd.3 3 Game Over UD 12 Crash 144 8 Steampunk 136 7 Drone Strike Rd.1 6 Robohammer KO 8 Steampunk 90 7 Drone Strike 75 8 Steampunk 88 5 Medieval 83 8 Steampunk 86 Wild Card 1 Steel Cyclone 85 1 Steel Cyclone Rd.3 9 Thunder Skull KO
Season One Team Status [ edit ]
Semi-Finals Match Ups [ edit ]
Robo-Jockey Robo-Tech Seed Robot Speed Strength Endurance Wins Loses Status Notes Ashley Mary Nunes Kyle Samuelson 8 Steampunk 5 7 10 2 0 Won Bayano Kamani Dr. George Kirkman 1 Steel Cyclone 9 6 5 1 1 Lost Won Wild Card round Amber Shinsel Dave Shinsel 12 Crash 7 5 10 2 0 Won Father/Daughter team Diana Yang Chris Hardouin 11 Scorpio 9 8 5 2 0 Lost
Championship Match Up [ edit ]
Robo-Jockey Robo-Tech Seed Robot Speed Strength Endurance Wins Loses Status Notes Amber Shinsel Dave Shinsel 12 Crash 7 5 10 4 0 Champion Father/Daughter team;
Assisted by Ross Mead Ashley Mary Nunes Kyle Samuelson 8 Steampunk 5 7 10 3 1 Lost Assisted by Fazlul "Fuzz" Zubair
Championship Scores Round 1 2 3 4 5 Final Score Judges 30-25 29-25 30-27 29-28 30-27 144-136 Winner Crash Crash Steampunk Steampunk Crash Crash
See also [ edit ]
Trib Launches War on Speed Cams, CDOT Releases Data Showing They Work
The Chicago Tribune's David Kidwell and their colleagues have written extensively about the city's red light camera program. Some of that reporting has been constructive, including revelations about the red light cam bribery scandal, unexplained spikes in ticketing, and cameras that were installed in low-crash locations during the Richard M. Daley administration.
Other aspects of the Tribune's red light coverage have been problematic. For example, the paper emphasized that the cams have led to an increase in rear-end crashes with injuries, while downplaying the fact that they have decreased the number of right-angle injury crashes, which are much more likely to cause serious injuries and deaths.
Throughout it all, Kidwell has shown a strong bias against automated enforcement in general. They have largely ignored studies from cities around the country and the world that show red light and speed cams are effective in preventing serious injuries and fatalities.
Yesterday morning, Kidwell and fellow reporter Abraham Epton unleashed a new assault on the city's speed camera program, the product of a six-month investigation. In three long articles, they claim that the city has issued $2.4 million in unfair speed camera tickets, and argue that many of the cams on busy main streets are justified by small or little-used parks.
If there really is a significant problem with speed cams writing tickets when warning signs are missing or obscured, or after parks are closed, or in school zones when children are not present, contrary to state law, it's a good thing that the Tribune is drawing attention to this phenomenon. If so, the city should take steps to address the problem, as they did in the wake of Kidwell's red light cam series.
Most of these issues can be traced to the city of Chicago's questionable decision to propose state legislation that only allows the cameras to be installed within the eighth-mile “Child Safety Zones” around schools and parks. Instead, the city should be allowed to put cams anywhere there's a speeding and crash problem.
However, it appears this new series is written from Kidwell's usual perspective that it's unfair to force motorists to pay more attention to driving safely. For instance, the coverage discusses how Tim Moyer was ticketed on five different occasions for speeding past a Northwest Side playground that was closed for construction — speed cams in park zones are only supposed to be turned on when the park is open. After the Tribune contacted the city about these tickets, they were thrown out.
The Trib uses this as an example of how the speed cam program is dysfunctional. However, the cams only issue tickets to drivers who are going 10 mph or more over the speed limit. The fact remains that Moyer was caught speeding heavily on five different occasions at the same location. Even if the cam couldn't legally issue them tickets, they deserved them.
The Tribune's new anti-speed cam series seems to be largely about helping drivers like Moyer who speed by 10 mph or more get off on technicalities. But the city's default speed limit is set at 30 mph for a good reason – studies show that pedestrians struck at this speed usually survive. Why is the Tribune putting so much effort into defending the right of drivers to go at or above 40 mph, a speed at which pedestrians crashes are almost always fatal?
I haven't fully digested all three of the articles yet, but I plan to publish a more thorough analysis in the near future. In the meantime, let's talk about something that Kidwell and Epton largely ignored: the positive effect the speed cams are having on safety.
On Tuesday evening, in a preemptive strike against the Tribune coverage, the Chicago Department of Transportation released a preliminary analysis of Illinois Department of Transportation crash data, which suggests the city's speed camera program is working. CDOT found that the number of crashes with injuries dropped by four percent citywide between 2012 (the year before the first speed cams were installed) and 2014.
However, the department found that injury crashes dropped 18 percent within the 21 safety zones where speed cams were installed in 2013 – a major improvement. Fatal and severe crashes within the safety zones went down a full 22 percent.
Moreover, while CDOT found the total number of crashes, including those with no injuries, went up by six percent citywide during this period, the total crash number within safety zones dropped by two percent. “This is just one year's worth of data,” CDOT Commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld acknowledged in a statement. “But we are already seeing a positive, downward trend in the number of crashes causing injuries in Child Safety Zones.”
It's important to keep in mind that these numbers don't take into account possible changes in the number of people driving, walking, and biking within the safety zones during 2012-14 analysis period. For example, if many drivers are avoiding these areas due to the presence of cams, the drop in crashes is somewhat less meaningful. On the other hand, if that means there are fewer cars passing through safety zones, that's a good thing for school students, park users, and everyone else who lives or travels in these areas.
The CDOT press release also mentions they've found that, on average, speeding violations drop by 53 percent within 90 days after speed cams are activated. In addition, 67 percent of drivers who were ticketed in park zones didn't rack up a second violation, and 81 percent of those who were ticketed in school zones avoided a second violation.
In short, the CDOT analysis seems to show that the speed cams are having a very positive effect on safety, not just for kids, but for everyone. That's something you won't read about in Kidwell and Epton's latest crusade against automated enforcement.
Did you appreciate this post? Streetsblog Chicago is currently funded until April 2016. Consider making a donation through our PublicGood site to help ensure we can continue to publish next year.
Ante Gotovina (R), who was commander in the Split district of the Croatian army, talks in the courtroom of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) before their appeal judgement in The Hague November 16, 2012. REUTERS/Bas Czerwinski/Pool
THE HAGUE (Reuters) - An appeals court overturned on Friday the conviction of the most senior Croatian military officer charged with war crimes during the Balkan conflict of the 1990s.
Ante Gotovina, who was commander in the Split district of the Croatian army, had been jailed for 24 years.
The conviction of Mladen Markac, a Croatian police commander who had been serving an 18-year sentence, was also overturned.
The two had been convicted of crimes against humanity and war crimes during the wars that followed the break-up of Yugoslavia. Judges ordered the pair's immediate release.
Following their conviction by the Yugoslavia tribunal's trial chamber last year, the two appealed to its appeals court. This upheld their claim that they had not been part of a joint criminal enterprise with the aim of permanently removing Serbian civilians from the Krajina region of Croatia.
Prosecutors had claimed the shelling of the town of Knin and three other towns was part of a plan designed to drive out ethnic Serbs.
Update:
On Wednesday afternoon, Kayla Moore posted a link on their Facebook page titled "Judge Moore Witch Hunt." The post, which takes you to Roy Moore's Senate website, asks people to report contact with "the Washington Post and liberal media."
Kayla Moore's post said:
"In the past month our hometown, county, and state have been invaded by the Washington Post and liberal media. We have had numerous reports of phone calls, cell phone calls, Messages, emails, even to the point of them showing up at peoples houses. Reports coming in are that they are wanting anyone who knows us or has known us in the last 40 years to tell them anything about us, it's called a witch hunt. We are filing suit. For our evidence we have a new link for you to sign off on if you have been harassed by these people."
Earlier post:
The wife of embattled Senate candidate Roy Moore is warning friends about "harassing" calls from reporters who are working on a profile about them
Kayla Moore's post said:
"We are getting reports from all over the nation that the Washington Post is calling and harassing anyone that has had any contact with me, my husband, and other family members," Moore wrote on Facebook Wednesday morning. "They are going through court records, documents, anything they can find. This is an all-out assault which is why we are Suing (sic) them.
This is what I have been forwarded from over 1000 people since yesterday, it may or may not be a true reporter-could they (sic) a fake:
"Hi, my name is Ellie Silverman and I'm a reporter for The Washington Post. We're writing a story about Kayla Moore and I was hoping to get in touch with people who know them well. I saw you commented on a post on their Facebook page and was wondering if you're a close friend of hers. If so, I'd love to talk to you and hear more about what Kayla is like and their relationship with friends and family."
Kayla Moore's post was shared on the Friends of Roy Moore Facebook post. Several commenters said they had received calls from The Post, where Silverman is an editorial intern, according to the Washington Post's website.
The Facebook message is one of several posts Kayla Moore has made defending their husband after the Post reported they had sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl in 1979 and pursued other teens for a romantic relationship while they were in their 30s. Since then, another woman alleged Moore sexually assaulted them in 1977 when they were 16.
Moore has denied the allegations.
In a statement to AL.com, the Washington Post confirmed they are working on a profile about Kayla Moore, who married Roy Moore in 1985.
"The Washington Post is working on a profile of Kayla Moore, not unlike other stories we've done about spouses of high-profile candidates," said Kristine Coratti Kelly, vice president for communications and events for the Post. "As part of that reporting, The Post has reached out to many people by phone, email and through social media. As you can see from the reporter's message, it is a straightforward, respectful request for an interview."
Roy Moore has threatened to sue the Post over its reporting. The Post said it stands by its stories.
Moore has also threatened to file a lawsuit against AL.com based on its reporting.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A $7.3 million base camp built to house 175 Afghan Border Police was sitting virtually empty two months after it was handed over to Afghan authorities, and some equipment like wood-burning stoves had been dismantled, U.S. inspectors reported on Tuesday.
The facility, located in Kunduz Province, consisted of 12 buildings, including a dining hall, that were contracted by the Army Corps of Engineers and completed September 3, 2012, according to a report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction.
Inspectors who visited the site to ensure construction by Omran Construction, Consulting and Engineering Co was carried out according to contract found only a dozen Afghan personnel at the camp and nearly all of the buildings locked, SIGAR reported.
“These findings are similar to a July 2012 inspection of Afghan Border Police facilities in Nangarhar province, where we noted that $19 million was spent to construct four Border Police sites, yet the facilities were unoccupied or not being used as intended,” SIGAR reported. “As a result, we question the need to construct a site of this size and design at this location.”
The inspectors found no major construction quality issues, the report said, but they were only able to inspect three of the buildings because the caretakers did not have keys for most of the site. The 12 Afghan personnel said they were not aware of any plans to move additional staff to the facility, SIGAR said.
The NATO Training Mission for Afghanistan said in response that the Afghan Border Police had decided to reduce the size of its force in the area to 59 by the time the camp had been completed. Most of the force would be dispersed throughout the region for daily operations, so the camp would rarely be at full capacity, the report said.
The inspectors said most of the buildings “appeared unused” and wood-burning stoves made of brick near the base dining facility had been dismantled. The SIGAR report included a photo of piles of bricks outside the empty building where the stoves had stood two months earlier when the camp was completed.
The NATO training mission, in a response, said the police had dismantled the stoves because the pots they were using were larger than the available cooking area on the stoves provided. The Afghans have now built a new larger stove and are using that, the report said.
The Border Police camp was built based on plans to grow the size of Afghan military and police forces to 352,000 people. The Afghan force is later expected to shrink to a more sustainable size.
The special inspector general recommended the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the NATO training mission re-evaluate plans for constructing Afghan police facilities and determine whether contracts are appropriately sized for the force they plan.
Inspectors also determined that sustaining the Border Police facility would require people with the skills needed to do maintenance on electrical generators, fueling stations, water treatment systems and heating and air conditioning systems.
“There is neither an operation and maintenance contract nor a plan to train Afghan personnel to operate and maintain equipment,” the SIGAR report concluded. “This raises questions about the Afghan government's ability to sustain the facility.”
Professor Ammon found that German is only ranked tenth globally in terms of native speakers, of which there are around 104 million, but is ranked fourth in terms of non-native speakers who have learnt the language.
The only larger languages in terms of learners are English, French and Mandarin, they told Deutsch Welle.
SEE ALSO: More English words sneak into French.
"People get the impression that when you learn German, you are gaining access to countries that are flourishing economically, which in turn brings better career opportunities as well as education and training." they said
"The association between German and economic prosperity is nothing new and dates back to German unification in 1871," they later told The Local.
But Germany's recent role in the Eurozone crisis has also contributed to German's attractiveness.
Viola Noll, a spokesperson for Goethe Institute, said that the Eurozone crisis had led to a boom in southern Europeans wanting to learn German, mainly Spaniards, Italians and Greeks.
Around 14.5 million people worldwide are learning German as a foreign language, according to the latest estimates from the Goethe Institute. It is taught in schools in 144 countries around the world.
Mark Twain famously said that German was too hard to learn in one lifetime, but Professor Ammon thinks the difficulties in German are exaggerated.
"The grammatical structure in German is perhaps more difficult than other major European languages, but as soon as a language is considered useful, people forget about the difficulty," they said.
Currently more people are learning German than Spanish, despite the enormous number of Spanish native speakers around the world. Professor Ammon can see this continuing in the future:
"German will never challenge English, which is the truly international language, but prosperity can continue to make a difference, particularly if Spain continues to struggle economically" they said.
What people associate with German
Another element of Professor Ammon's study is the associations that non-German speakers make with the language.
For example, businesses in non-German speaking countries sometimes use German in branding or marketing to seem more official, professional, or successful.
"Businesses do it because German is associated with higher quality" they said in an interview in Welt
Examples of this would be the use of German in the Audi slogan "Vorsprung durch Technik" (Advancement through technology) in adverts around the world to convey the quality of German engineering - although the notoriously language-shy Americans have to make do with "Truth in Engineering".
"Whereas English stands for internationalism, other languages have other special qualities that fit to the stereotype associated with the language speaking community.
"In the case of German, these are hard work, order, and coziness" they said.
GALLERY: Eight celebrities you didn't know spoke German
"It is clear that people who have learnt a foreign language more often than not have a positive attitude towards that country. For international relations that is really important" they added.
But most people generally aren't aware of how popular their language is and of the advantages this brings, such as easier global communication which is better for international business, they told The Local.
Head of the culture department of the foreign office in the 1980s, Bethold C. Witte, once said: "Wer Deutsch spricht, kauft auch Deutsch" (Whoever speaks German will also buy German).
A bright future?
Despite German's healthy standing, Professor Ammon still believes that more can be done.
They would like to see more use of German in public, particularly on the European political scene where English and French dominate, as well as grants for foreign students to learn German, but acknowledged that funding will always be an issue.
When asked if German was held back by the fact that Germans tend to have a good level of English, Professor Ammon suggested that their countrymen are prouder of their ability to speak foreign languages than of their own language.
They put this down to Germany's "broken national identity", which means they aren't as proud of their language as other nations such as the French.
GALLERY: Top 10 reasons to learn German
They gave the example of a group of English children who visited a school in the Rhineland.
They took part in the exchange to improve their German, but to the German head teacher's delight, the two groups communicated with each other in English.
They highlighted this as an area where Germans could actually promote their mother tongue. Instead of showing off their own language skills, they should realise when others want to learn German and embrace it.
They also added that: "Although Germans generally speak English well, they could do better in this regard, like the Dutch or the Scandinavians."
Germany is ranked as the tenth best country in the world for English proficiency, which means it comes above other major European nations like France, Spain and Italy, but still lags behind many northern European countries.
By Matty Edwards
Ukrainian Air Force pilot Nadiya Savchenko and film director Oleh Sentsov, who are in Russian custody, may be exchanged for pro-Russian rebels captured by Ukrainian forces in the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
The chief of Ukraine's Security Service, Valentyn Nalyvaychenko, told journalists on September 10 that Savchenko and Sentsov are on a list of people to be exchanged.
A cease-fire deal agreed by Kyiv and the rebels on September 5 calls for the swift release of all "hostages and people held illegally."
There was no immediate comment from Russia, which has charged Savchenko with complicity in the deaths of two Russian journalists in eastern Ukraine.
Sentsov has been charged with planning terrorist attacks in Crimea after it was annexed from Ukraine by Russia in March.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said on September 10 that some 700 Ukrainian citizens had been freed from rebel captivity and that 500 others would be released soon.
Rebels in the Donetsk region said the exchange of more captives scheduled for September 10 may be postponed by a day.
Based on reporting by ua.korrespondent.net and UNIAN
OBJECTIVE:
The objective of this study was to evaluate clinical improvement and safety with use of cyproheptadine in functional gastrointestinal disorders (FGIDs) in children.
METHODS:
Retrospectively evaluating the efficacy and safety of the use for indications including Rome III-defined FGIDs: functional abdominal pain, functional dyspepsia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), abdominal migraine, cyclic vomiting syndrome. Response categories were as follows: no improvement group/partial improvement group; requiring intervention, or complete improvement group (CIG); warranting discontinuation; ongoing use; or parental unwillingness to stop medication.
RESULTS:
Among 307 patients, 151 included; 58% girls, ages 1 to 18 years (median 9); 110 (72.8%) reported complete symptom improvement; 41 (27.2%) reported no or partial improvement. Mean initial and final doses in the CIG were 4.85 mg/day (0.14 mg · kg · day) and 5.34 mg/day (0.14 mg · kg · day), respectively. A total of 102/151 (68%) reported no adverse effects. Adverse effects shown were as sleepiness in 19/151 (13%) and weight gain in 15/151 (10%). Cyproheptadine was effective in improving symptoms of functional abdominal pain, functional dyspepsia, in a relatively larger number of patients. Patients in smaller numbers had significant improvement 13/18 (72%) abdominal migraine, 10/10 (100%) IBS, and 6/8 (75%) cyclic vomiting syndrome. This is the first time report of improvement in IBS. Other pharmacodynamics had been as follows: the lower the body weight, the higher are the odds of no to partial improvement; patients in no improvement group/partial improvement group experience more adverse effects as compared to the CIG; the single best predictor of clinical improvement was body mass index. A 1 unit increase in body mass index with cyproheptadine use increased the odds of clinical improvement by 1.5-fold (P = 0.01).
CONCLUSIONS:
Cyproheptadine effectively improves symptoms of Rome III-defined FGIDs and has a good safety profile when used for these indications.
People pay next to nothing to gather around a ringed square and watch spandex-clad men and women scream, pile-drive and clothesline each other.
Pro-wrestling is alive in Seattle — and guess what folks, it's barely legal.
If you want to see a wrestling show in Washington, the first thing you'll notice is that most are free or pay-what-you-want on a donation basis. That's no accident. A loophole in state law allows a charity-supported promotion to bend the more stringent rules on combat sports, such as boxing.
The organizers save a lot of cash in the process — but they say that limits wrestling's potential to grow.
“Because of the way the Department of Licensing runs, we can't charge admission or get money to reinvest in the show,” says Thom Swanson of 3-2-1 BATTLE!. He's also known as Murray Grande when they commentate for wrestling or roller derby. “This is a bare-bones, punk rock production.”
3-2-1 BATTLE, Lucha Libre Volcánica and other professional wrestling troupes throughout the state hope lawmakers will change regulations and treat their sport not like boxing, but as its own unique category.
The Department of Licensing regulates professional wrestling as a combat sport — similar to boxing or mixed martial arts. That requires promoters to buy licenses for all participants, to pay for an ambulance and paramedics to stand by at the event, and to pay the Department of Licensing 6 percent of the cash made, plus $1 for every ticket sold.
That price is too high for most local promoters.
“We're not a big company,” says Jose Gómez, called The Professor by their students at Lucha Libre Volcánica. “You know the WWE? They have money, but we don't have this money.”
They hope the Washington State Legislature can change that. Rep. Zack Hudgins' (D-11) bill would help more wrestling productions charge for tickets by creating a “theatrical wrestling school” license. The bill also would loosen restrictions for a paramedical unit at each wrestling school event, so an ambulance would not be required at the venue.
Legislators often refer to the legislation as the “Lucha Bill” because Lucha Libre Volcánica had been heavily involved in previous versions, though Gómez told the Globalist that time did not permit as much involvement this year. Supporters also find hope in the bill's last line: “The legislature finds that Washington is ready to rumble.”
“We're trying to have fun,” Hudgins says, “but it's a serious issue because it's about trying to make the government work for people.”
At one hearing, one legislator caused a brief ruckus when asking if wrestling is “predetermined.”
“Is there no Santa Claus?” Hudgins replied to giggles from the committee.
But that detail is at the center of the bill. Unlike boxing or MMA, many professional wrestling matches are predetermined. Because many matches are scripted, groups like Legalize Wrestling argue that professional wrestling is fundamentally different from other combat sports.
Wrestlers are trying to sell the fantasy that the contest is real. Therefore, the group argues, they don't need the all the safety regulations of other sports like boxing since it's theoretically less dangerous.
However, people still get hurt.
“This is a predetermined contest but it is a very highly athletic exhibition and they are literally putting their lives on the line for each and every move. Right now it's for love and nothing else,” Swanson says.
Swanson hopes that if the bill is passed, 3-2-1 BATTLE! will be able to hold professional matches and pay its wrestlers as well as bring in touring performers from around the country.
Arguments like this have a long history in the professional wrestling industry. Through the 1980s, wrestling promoters tried to convince audiences that wrestling was real. But promoters for companies like the World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), known at the time as World Wrestling Federation, dropped the act by the end of the decade in order to get looser regulations for things like requirements for paramedics during events.
According to Jake Stratton of Legalize Wrestling, the state advocacy group for independent professional wrestling that supports the bill, this proposed wrestling school license will not only help promoters put on shows, it will help them invest in the skills of the community.
“It's a path that's going to allow people to start a pro-wrestling empire with a smaller investment,” said Stratton, who plays a manager called the Kiwanis Adonis for 3-2-1 BATTLE!, “with more of an investment of skill and hard work and more of a love of business than, ‘I've got enough money to put on a show.'”
Right now many promoters and training schools perform for the public on a monthly basis. Lucha Libre Volcánica, for example, only puts on shows once a month in Seattle. Many of its 25 wrestling students want to perform more often than that.
La Avispa, a luchador for Lucha Libre Volcánica, is excited about the bill's potential, saying it will give wrestlers like them the much coveted opportunity to show off their skills in front of a live audience.
“It's a win for everyone,” they say, “performers, promoters and fans.”
Right now it's not clear how much money being classified as a different sport would save professional wrestling productions from what it costs now. Susan Colard of the Department of Licensing's Combat Sports Division said Legalize Wrestling and Hudgins modeled their bill on the already existing Mixed Martial Arts Training School license, which only requires a business license and a flat fee of $500 from the promoter to the Department of Licensing.
This is the third time legislation has been proposed on this issue. Last year a similar bill made it to the Senate floor, but was not passed before session ended. Hudgins said that the other legislators are more familiar with the issue now and they hope the bill will pass.
Gómez has similar hopes. While Lucha Libre has taken a cultural hold in Seattle, the new bill could allow their school to make enough money to bring Lucha Libre stars from across the globe, including from Mexico City.
For a man trained 45 years as a luchador, who came over from Mexico and became a small business owner, the chance to further spread their culture to Washington is a dream come true.
Correction: an earlier version of this story misspelled Rep. Zack Hudgin's name. It has been corrected.
0 email
That could have meant authors writing their next novels and employees collaborating on spreadsheets with confidential data would find all that suddenly belonging to Google.
As it turns out, the worries are probably unfounded.
The language is actually standard legalese to give Google the licensing rights that it needs to deliver on the services that users request.
The way that Google keeps documents in its data centers requires the company to obtain a license to "host, store (and) reproduce" the files. When a co-worker needs to read a document in a different language or even make minor revisions, Google needs the rights for "translations, adaptations or other changes."
Even the everyday occurrences such as someone watching a video or pulling up a text file at an Internet cafe requires Google to retain permission to "publicly perform" or "publicly display" such content.
That doesn't mean Google will take a screenwriter's work in progress and produce a movie off it, even though the legal language might make it seem as if Google could.
"Our terms of service enable us to give you the services you want — so if you decide to share a document with someone, or open it on a different device, you can," Google said in a Wednesday statement.
The hubbub still may do some good by prodding more people to read the rules governing Internet services such as Google Drive more carefully before signing up, said Corynne McSherry, an attorney specializing in intellectual property for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital-rights group in San Francisco.
They said they also hope the publicity causes more people to ponder other potential pitfalls, such as privacy abuses and security breaches, before deciding to keep their digital content in a storage locker at Google Drive or similar services. As the owner of the Internet's dominant search engine, Google has faced increasing scrutiny over the trove of data it gathers about Web surfers and how it uses the information to tether ads to people's personal tastes and hobbies.
Even discerning readers of the legal disclosures known as "terms of service" can still be flummoxed by some of the turbid language.
That seems to have contributed to the misperceptions about Google's designs on the content that will be kept in its storage service.
The confusion centered on a passage advising that anyone upload or submitting content to Google Drive will be granting Google "a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, create derivative works (such as those resulting from translations, adaptations or other changes we make so that your content works better with our Services), communicate, publish, publicly perform, publicly display and distribute such content."
As those words circulated on the Internet, the fears about Google Drive undermining intellectual property rights mounted.
It was troubling enough for The New York Times, the third-largest U.S. newspaper, to send out a note discouraging the roughly 1,000 employees in its newsroom from storing files on Google Drive until there's a better understanding of the intellectual property issues and how the service works.
The uproar might have died down if more attention had been paid to a straightforward statement leading up to the paragraph that set off the alarms.
"Some of our services allow you to submit content," Google says in its disclosure. "You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that you hold in that content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours."
Another fine point was largely glossed over in the fuss over Google Drive. The same terms have applied to dozens of other Google services, including Gmail, since March 1. Documents and photo are frequently sent as email attachments and stored on Gmail, yet there hadn't been any major concerns raised about that material becoming Google's intellectual property.
The passage granting Google licensing rights to content transferred or stored on tis services is fairly common among Internet services, McSherry said. The licensing requirements are "an artifact of copyright laws that no longer work in our modern world rather than any evil intent on Google's part."
Microsoft's rival storage service, called SkyDrive, also imposes a content licensing agreement similar to Google Drive.
Dropbox Inc., a rapidly growing storage service, tells users that "we may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your stuff, for example, hosting your files, or sharing them at your direction …. You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide the services."
Like Google Drive, both SkyDrive and Dropbox stress that content stored on their services remains the property of the user.
email: tech@cnbc.com
Amid VP talk, Trump meets with Iowa Sen. Joni Ernst
US Senator Joni Ernst, Republican of Iowa, speaks during the annual Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), March 3, 2016. (Photo11: Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images)
Donald Trump spent part of Monday's holiday with a potential running mate: Sen. Joni Ernst of Iowa.
Ernst, a first-term senator, did not exactly dampen vice presidential speculation afterward, saying they and Trump had a "good conversation," and that they plan to continue to "share my insights" with the presumptive Republican presidential nominee about the challenges facing the nation.
"Iowans are frustrated by the current direction of our country," Ernst said in a statement. "And we simply cannot afford to continue these failed policies under Hillary Clinton."
Trump had publicized the meeting earlier in the day, tweeting that "I look forward to meeting @joniernst today in New Jersey. They have done a great job as Senator of Iowa!"
Trump also took to social media to praise two other lawmakers reported to be on their VP shortlist, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence and Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton.
Trump, who met with Pence over the weekend, said they were "very impressed" with the Indiana governor and their family.
Cotton "was great on Meet the Press yesterday," Trump said in a separate tweet. "Despite a totally one-sided interview by Chuck Todd, the end result was solid!"
Trump's short list also reportedly includes former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of Georgia, Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, and Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama.
Ernst told the Des Moines Register last month they had not been contacted by the Trump campaign, and did not expect to be.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during the opening session of the Western Conservative Summit on July 1, 2016, in Denver. (Photo11: David Zalubowski, AP)
If they were being considered, they said at that time, "somebody, I think, would have reached out to me. Nobody has reached out.”
Ernst — the only female known to be on Trump's reported short list — is the first woman ever elected to Congress from Iowa and the first female combat veteran ever to serve in the Senate.
Largely unknown two years ago, Ernst broke through a crowded 2014 GOP primary field to win the nomination for Senate with a campaign ad in which they said their rural roots and experiences castrating hogs would serve as training for how they would cut pork in Washington. They also had the backing of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin, who is now a Trump ally.
Ernst went on to beat four-term Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley for the Senate seat previously held for decades by liberal hero Tom Harkin.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/29r5him
Hello and welcome to the 203rd instalment of the SWD .
Military events/news are listed below by the governorates:
Raqqa:
The Syrian Democratic Forces continued its clashes against ISIS forces in Raqqa city. SDF cleared the Baghdad Gate from ISIS presence, which created a small pocket behind SDF front lines in the city. The US-backed forces uploaded some images of spoils of war made after capturing a weapons cache in Raqqa, it included German, French and Russian made ATGMs and Strela-2. Footage shows the SDF operating against ISIS in the Amin district and to have control over the “Civil Registry” building and its surrounding areas in west Raqqa city.
The Islamic State strikes several YPG and SDF positions with an ATGMs and SVBIED. Furthermore, the terrorist organisation is using remote controlled weapons against the Kurdish forces. IS claims to have killed and injured over 37 SDF fighters during the different attacks.
SDF authorities have arrested 23 civilians in Raqqa countryside for conscription, according to the SNHR.
Aleppo:
Russia Ministry of Defence announced the creation of a new safe zone north of Aleppo city, in the region of Tell Rifaat in order to reduce the recent tension between SDF and Turkis-backed opposition in the area. Although, the FSA group “Ahl al-Diyah” announced that their military operations will continue in the Russian de-escalation zone as no contact was made between the involved parties.
Idlib:
An explosion took place near the stadium in Idlib city with unknown effects.
Hama:
The Syrian Arab Army captured Rasm Al-Abd and Hamada Al-Amar from ISIS in East Hama countryside. The village is located southwest of Uqayribat. Meanwhile, SAA advanced deep inside Uqayribat countryside after capturing Abo Ramal, Al-Marami, Mas'oud and al-Tawilah.
Deir ez-Zor:
Approximately 40 trucks with more than 1000 tons of humanitarian aid were sent to Deir ez-Zor after government troops lifted the siege. The 800th Battalion of the SAA Republican Guards captured Kabbajb and the surrounding hills before pushing towards Shulah. Meanwhile, SAA troops that lifted the siege of Deir ez-Zor city started to enlarge the road open to Deir ez-Zor.
The SAA elite unit “Tiger Forces” advanced towards Jabal Al-Qusaybah, located between Deir ez-Zor and As Sabkhah.
CJTF-OIR :
On the 5th of September 2017, CJTF-OIR has conducted 27 strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria is Raqqa region where they did 25 strikes supporting SDF‘s operations against IS destroying 22 fighting positions, three ISIS communications infrastructure items, and a logistics node; damaged three fighting positions, and suppressed four fighting positions.
Another area where two strikes occurred is Deir ez-Zor destroying a vehicle and a staging area. The full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Other:
Intellectual credited properly used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow me on my personal, controversial Twitter @alextorrell where I constantly tweet about different issues and conflicts
Advertisements
One of the more important aspects of being a grown up is trusting that things a person has not directly seen or experienced might exist, based on empirical evidence. For example, I've never been to South Africa, but I trust that it exists because other people whom I trust have told me that it does. There are pictures and videos and instagrams and the enduring din of vuvuzelas still ringing in my ears since the 2010 World Cup. It's been fairly extensively documented, this South Africa.
Sexism and workplace discrimination is another thing that unequivocally exists. Women earn less than men for the same work, even before they start up with the babies and the choices conservatives claim are to blame for pay disparity. One-third of women who participated in Elle and the Center for American Progress's 2013 Power Survey reported that they'd personally been on the receiving end of sexism at work. And the higher up women are at work, the more likely they are to reported to have experienced sex discrimination; 45% of women in top level fancypants Sheryl Sandberg-type positions acknowledge that sexism is A Thing they've experienced. The population is 51% female, yet only 21 of Fortune 500 CEO's are women. Women who participated in the Elle survey claim they're speaking up in meetings, they're asking for raises — they're leaning way the fuck in, yet aren't seeing professional results. Something is clearly rotten in Denmark.
Despite these claims from women that sexism is real, as a group, men aren't as likely to see it that way; only half of men say women are more intensely scrutinized than men in the workplace, where 2/3 of women say they've noticed that ladies are held to a higher standard. The majority of men said that "country has made most of the changes needed to give women equal rights as men," where only 29% of women agreed.
You know that thing you say you're experiencing? I don't see your experiences that way.
Maybe the problem here isn't that men think that sexism is dead forever; maybe it's that some men don't know what sexism looks like. It's not boob honking and Mad Men-style shenanigans; the flavor of sexism experienced by women in the modern workplace is much more subtle.
Advertisement
Most women I know who have worked in a "traditional" Nylons N' Ann Taylor corporate environment have similar stories to mine. Anecdote: despite the fact that I'm tall-ish, I wear heels almost constantly out of habit I honed during the 5 years I worked in the financial services industry. As my patience with being literally spoken down to wore thinner, my shoes got higher so I could look my colleagues in the eye, and to this day, I feel strange in flats. Modern workplace sexism is death by 1,000 similarly sliced paper cuts — an underminey "sweetheart" comment here, a "behave yourself this weekend, young lady!" there, absent invitations to golf games and Wednesday night drunk dials from a River North strip club called VIP's and soon you learn to just view yourself as less, as undeserving. You don't even get upset when some dude who has been there 1/4 as long as you and is 3 years younger gets a job that you had been told was yours. You've assimilated yourself into others' sexism-laced expectations for you. And the fact that it's masked in paternal concern makes it all the more insidious. We're not going to get anywhere if we can't agree on where we are, on what direction we're headed.
But maybe the Elle survey respondents were just confused in general. Even though more than half of men say that America is just hunky-dory with its anti-workplace sexism laws, a whopping 80% of them say they support mandatory paid maternity leave (87% of women agreed). So the laws as they exist are okay, but another law should be passed? Survey says... these two stances are mutually exclusive.
The big takeaway here? Both men and women acknowledge there's room for improvement in American workplace culture, but before anything can get done, we have to at least reach some form of consensus on what sexism is. Otherwise, we'll have to continue to rely on he-said-she-said testimony, and when the in the equation is the boss, what They say won't matter.
Advertisement
Edward G. Robinson was not only one of the great character actors of the classical period of American film, but also a very erudite man who amassed a distinguished collection of impressionist paintings, which deliciously contradicted their image as a tough guy.
I found this terrific story in Leonard Lyons' Notes from the Lyons' Den:
In 1944 Robinson was in New York and visited the Museum of Modern Art. They walked through the galleries and stopped to admire a painting by Grant Wood. They studied it from various angles, walking to the left, then to the right, taking a few steps back, and then peering at it close up. They noticed one corner of the painting had been dirtied. Robinson drew their handerchief and polished the spot by using the standard, low-tech method—first wetting the handkerchief on theirs tongue.
Of course the museum guard saw this rushed up to the screen star, and shouted: “Stop it! You can't do that here!”
“Oh yes, I can,” replied Robinson, pointing to the card under the painting. It read: “Loaned by Edward G. Robinson.”
I have recently read Willpower: Rediscovering the Greatest Human Strength, and I had many “aha moments” while reading it. I do not claim that it is a bible of productivity and everything but it has many good theories based on scientific experiments.
What Is Willpower?
In short willpower is psychological power that we drain every time we go out of our routine, or decide on something like what to wear today. It replenishes after a sleep or a meal. If your willpower is depleted, you more likely go for your bad easy habits, such as, smoke a lot, eat junk food, procrastinate and less likely to successfully change your habit in a good way. So in short, a strong and undamaged willpower is a must, if you want to have a productive programming day. Here is why:
Programming contains a lot of decision making. We decide of things all the time. What should be the name of file, folder, function, class variable. It is even considered the hardest part of programming, naming things;
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things. —Phil Karlton [1]
And there are vast oceans of ways of doing a specific thing. Choosing a library or a utility plugin. It even seems to me programming is an activity of deciding. No surprises if it depletes your willpower.
Programming is not a routine job at all although there are times that you just apply what you know best, implement a CRUD view for example. But most of the time, a programmer will try to improve by trying new methods. And because of constantly changing tech world, one have to change ways of doing things. So we can hardly speak of a standard way of doing things in programming.
Programming requires concentrated thinking. Because most of the programs tend to get complex over time. It is just the nature of things. Adding a feature there and here, introducing bugs, noticing the initial structure is so wrong and starting to implement workarounds. You'll get a complex thing, that it will be impossible to a programmer to have full knowledge of the system at a time. So one needs to separate concerns, and only focus the problem at hands. And believe me that requires concentration. It will deplete you if it wont deplete your willpower.
So a programmer should come to a work with filled willpower if he/she wants to do some productive work. And avoid things that will drain willpower, before doing any work. Here is my list of productivity tips, with willpower in mind.
5 ways to be more productive
1. Eliminate distractions while doing work.
If you are relatively healthy, you'll arrive work with a full willpower reserves. One would want to solve some problems at hand, with their willpower still full. A depleted willpower will make things harder. It is only logical that, a person with depleted willpower, will not work on hard problems as much as a person with full willpower. And distractions will nearly always drain will power. A mail notification may immediately kick you out of concentration. And concentration to a specific problem is a very expensive thing. You need to fill your short term memory with relevant data before even attempting to solve a problem. And this process requires willpower. So just avoid random browsing in the morning, do not check your emails, close all notifications. Go on fix some problems right away. Doing so will have mental rewards which will help you retain some willpower.
2. Have a Plan
Having an idea of what to do in a day, will help you organize yourself in a subconscious level. There is evidence that people will use their willpower according to their future tasks for that day. According to a study[2], if there are 3 tasks to be done, humans tend to utilize their willpower in an equal manner. But after they are done, if you surprise them with a new task, they'll find hard time to do that task, but an other group which were informed about 4 tasks before, will not.
So have a clear plan, for example, have most important 3 things to do that day. And write them down.
3. Burn The Ships, occasionally
Do you find yourself that constantly you fail to complete your daily task list. Then it means you are planning too many daily tasks for your self. But sometimes it will help you to be self determined. Say your self: you wont live until you complete the tasks at hand. This kind of self determination has many references in literature and history. But using this technique continuously results an unhappy life. So only use when needed. We always should pursuit a happy life after all.
4. Be Healthy
In many studies willpower is associated with physiological metrics or general health. For example, your willpower is directly dependent on blood sugar[3]. Having a steady levels of blood sugar may have positive effects on your mood and allow you to concentrate longer on tasks. And regular exercising is a proven method to have a greater mood. So eat healthy, exercise, you'll find yourself with a stronger willpower. And notice that eating sugary junk food will crash your blood glucose/insulin levels, preventing you to be in a focused state for long times. For me following a low-carb high-fat diet, helps me to have a stable mood all the time. There are lots of ways to get this metabolic effect in different diets with different macros(carbohydrates, fat and protein).
5. Have a TO-DO list
This is the one of the most important things to have a productive day. There are several benefits of having a TO-DO list. It is because of the Zeigarnik effect:
“Uncompleted tasks and unmet goals tend to pop into one's mind.”
So when you decide to do something later, you should add it to your TO-DO list. Otherwise, your mind will bug you with that at random times. And by constantly clearing items from TO-DO list will let you have a satisfaction of doing things.
Conclusion
Programming is in general a complex and a very demanding activity. And it drains your willpower all the way. So do not take it lightly. Focus your tasks in the early hours of day in which your willpower probably would be full. Have a plan at the start of the day. Do not let yourself be distracted by unnecessary things such as random browsing. Take care of your health. Without a good health, do not expect to have a good performance in programming. And finally always take notes about future things to do, to prevent your subconscious to bug you at random times.
REFERENCES
Streets of Barcelona became a sea of estelada flags as pro-independence supporters turned out en masse ahead of referendum on 1 October
Up to a million Catalans have gathered in Barcelona to call for independence less than three weeks before the region is due to hold a vote on whether to break away from Spain.
For the sixth successive year, Catalonia's national day – La Diada de Catalunya – was used as a political rally by the pro-independence movement. Organisers said 450,000 people had registered for the event, and Barcelona police later tweeted that 1 million turned up.
The Spanish government has vowed to stop the referendum going ahead on 1 October, but the Catalan regional government is refusing to back down and polls suggest a clear majority of people in the wealthy north-eastern region want to be allowed to vote.
Polls also show that Catalans are divided on whether they wish to secede from Spain. A survey at the end of July found that 49.4% of Catalans were against independence and 41.1% supported it.
The no campaigners were conspicuous by their absence in central Barcelona on Monday afternoon as the city's sunny avenues filled with pro-independence estelada flags flown from balconies, worn as capes and displayed on T-shirts.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Catalans wave estelada flags during La Diada. Photograph: Pau Barrena/AFP/Getty Images
Stationed along the streets were Catalan police officers cradling pump-action shotguns and submachine guns – a reminder of the terrorist atrocities inflicted on Barcelona and the coastal town of Cambrils last month. But, despite the raw memories and the looming showdown with Madrid, the mood was light.
Pere Vila, a 58-year-old accountant from Vic, had come to the Diada with their wife and Gos, their fervently separatist chocolate labarador. Gos – which means dog in Catalan – was wearing an estelada neckerchief, as were a nearby jack russell and a west highland terrier.
Vila said the Diada's meaning and significance had shifted over recent years as the independence cause gained momentum. What was once a commemoration of the fall of Barcelona during the Spanish war of succession on 11 September 1714 was now a show of Catalan strength.
“It lets people show how much they want independence,” said Vila. “I think we have to be allowed to vote – but I also think the Spanish government is capable of anything when it comes to stopping the vote.”
At 5pm, after a minute's silence for the victims of the terror attacks, the Catalan national anthem, Els Segadors, rang out along the boulevards as helicopters clattered above. Later, huge banners printed with the words pau (peace), sí and “referèndum és democràcia” made their way over the heads of the crowds.
Helena Casador, a 23-year-old student from Tarragona, had come to Barcelona with their friends Júlia and Inma. All three said the referendum needed to be held. “It's about defending what we believe in, which is independence,” said Casador. “It will go ahead because people are prepared to defy the state. We did it before [in a symbolic referendum] on 9 November 2014, and we'll do it again.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A giant banner displaying the word ‘yes' in different languages. Photograph: Albert Gea/Reuters
The Catalan president, Carles Puigdemont, was in a similarly defiant mood on Monday morning. Brushing aside the fact that Spain's constitutional court has suspended the referendum legislation that was hastily passed in the Catalan parliament last week – and that prosecutors are looking into whether they and others ministers should be charged with disobedience and abuse of power – Puigdemont said there was not “enough power” to thwart the wishes of democratic Catalans.
“This Diada isn't going to be like previous one because the self-determination referendum has been called for 1 October,” they said. “There are just 20 days to go.”
Raül Romeva, the Catalan foreign affairs minister, told reporters that the referendum had already begun, with expatriate Catalans voting by post.
“You need to remember that people are already voting,” they said. “The Catalan community abroad is already voting. Those people who say there'll be no referendum forget that the referendum is already under way.”
In a speech to mark the Diada, Ada Colau, the mayor of Barcelona, criticised the Spanish government's response to the referendum but pointed out that the Catalan government's unilateral rush towards independence had “left out half the people of Catalonia”.
For Jordi Sala, a 41-year-old teacher from Reus who was wandering among the book stalls near the cathedral with an estelada hanging around their neck, 1 October was about simple democratic representation.
“It's not about voting yes or voting no, it's just about being able to vote democratically,” they said. “That said, I will be a bit sad if the no camp wins.”
But how certain was they that the referendum would even take place? “My heart says the vote will go ahead but my head is a little more doubtful.”
Unless the owner of your local archery shop is your best friend, you have to pay each time your bow needs a tune-up or a tweak. In the long run you'd save money by investing in some tuning equipment. In fact, when you see how inexpensive most of the necessary tools are, you might kick yourself for not having invested in them earlier. Here's a list of everything you need to construct a total home bow shop; of course, you can just buy as you go.
Chronograph
Shooting an arrow through a chronograph to gauge its top speed is an important measure of bow performance. When you tune your bow, a chronograph allows you to determine whether your changes are increasing or decreasing your bow's speed. A chronograph is also helpful when comparing different combinations of arrow shaft, broadhead and rest so you can find the best mix. A quality unit takes the guesswork out of fine-tuning your setup, and you don't have to spend a fortune to get one. Shooting Chrony's Reconditioned Model F-1 chronograph is a good example of a unit with high-end features at a low-end price. ($49.95; 800-385-3161; www.chrony.ca)
Bow Press
Without a bow press, changing something as straightforward as a cable-slide is a struggle. And if something major goes wrong during a trip, you could miss a lot of hunting. Cost isn't even an obstacle. Prototech Industries' Bowmaster portable bow press costs less than most sights and fits into a fanny pack. The bow press hooks into the limb tips and uses a steel cable to pull the limbs together. ($49.45; 800-523-3109; www.prototechind.com)
Bow Vise
Working on a bow without a vise is like trying to rebuild your car's transmission on the kitchen floor. If you're even slightly serious about tuning your own bow, you need a vise. Apple Archery's Infinitely Adjustable Bow Vise is a heavy-duty, pro-shop-quality vise that permanently mounts to any table or workbench and allows you to secure a bow in any imaginable position. ($49.99; 800-745-8190; www. applearchery.com)
Grain Scale
Archery is a numbers game. A grain scale is used to weigh arrows, field tips and broadheads, so you can be sure everything matches-you'd be surprised how many weights can vary from one field tip to another. A grain scale gives you one figure you need to know to calculate your arrow's kinetic energy. Check out Lyman's 500-grain Pro Archers Arrow Scale. It has a notched scale cup for small parts and easily holds arrow shafts. ($47.95; 800-225-9626; www.lymanproducts.com)
Paper Tuner
A solid paper stand is a must for accurate paper tuning. There's no need to buy one, however; you can build your own with a cardboard box. Just cut out the bottom of the box and replace it with some butcher paper or newspaper. Then shoot through the paper into a target that is placed a little more than an arrow's length behind it. If your arrow punches a small, straight hole, your bow is in tune.
Tool Box
Ziploc bags are great for groceries and leftovers, but they're no place for archery gear. Plano's Field Box will organize all those gadgets. ($18.99; 800-226-9868; www.planomolding.com)
[pagebreak] Arrow Fletcher
An arrow handicapped with a damaged fletching is about as worthless as a bicycle with a flat tire. Some pro shops will charge upward of $3 per arrow for refletching; as a result, the cost to refletch just a dozen arrows would be enough to pay for Grayling's Fletching Jig and Clamp. ($29.99; 800-426-8929)
Cut-off Saw
Building arrows is fun, but you have to cut them to length. Cir-Cut Archery's Shaft Cut-Off Kit (aluminum shafts only) neatly trims shafts to custom lengths. Models that will cut carbon shafts are also on the market. ($33.95; 215-324-1000)
Fletching Remover
It's always good to have the right tool for the job. The Saunders Pro-Sttripper safely and quickly removes vanes, feathers and old glue without damaging expensive shafts. The price of one razor-blade-buggered carbon shaft will pay for this handy tool. ($15.95; 800-228-1408; www.sausa.com)
Arrow Tester
Poor arrow groups due to slightly bent aluminum or out-of-round carbon shafts can cause you to doubt your shooting skills. To avoid this problem, try the Arrow Inspector, a gadget that spin-tests arrows to cull the bad ones. Manufactured by Pine Ridge Archery, the Arrow Inspector also finds misaligned field points and broadheads. ($28.95; 877-746-7434; www.pineridgearchery.com)
Center-Shot Gauge
Determining the correct alignment of your nock, sight and arrow rest without a center-shot gauge is difficult. Golden Key Futura's Tru-Center Gauge simplifies tuning your bow after installing gadgets. ($15; 970-249-6700; www.goldenkeyarchery.com)
Bow Scale
Accurate measure of draw weight is essential when calculating kinetic energy and determining the correct arrow spine. The Cabela's Bow Scale is a compact unit that removes the guesswork. ($27.99; 800-237-4444; www.cabelas.com)
Serving Tool
If you are unable to reserve your string, you may find yourself several zip codes away attempting to get your string rewrapped. Bohning Company's Serve-Tite Bow String Server makes quick work of reserving chores. ($9.73; 800-253-0136; www.bohning.com)
Bow Square
A bow square is a handy tool for positioning and installing nocks and kisser buttons. When precision tuning is the goal, a product like Eastman Outfitters' Pro Bow Square is an absolute necessity. ($6.50; 800-241-4833; www.eastmanoutfitters.com)
Assorted Tools
In 1986, the Archery Trade Association (formerly the Archery Manufacturers and Merchants Organization) adopted engineering standards for bow and arrow manufacturers. As a result, an Allen wrench set, a small adjustable wrench and a few assorted screwdrivers are all you'll need for miscellaneous repairs. Cabela's Wrench Tool & Repair Kit has more than 100 popular repair parts including screws, bolts and a multi-Allen tool. ($19.99; 800-237-4444; www.cabelas.com)
Calculating Kinetic Energy
Kinetic energy (or KE) is simply the amount of energy an arrow is carrying when it leaves the bow. The larger the number, the harder an arrow hits. Arrow weight and speed are the two factors that determine KE. You can calculate KE in pounds by taking your arrow speed and multiplying it by itself and multiplying that number by the arrow's weight, then dividing the total by 450,240. (Speed squared times weight divided by 450,240 equals kinetic energy.)
Or you can visit www.bowhunting info.com/kineticenergynew.htm, enter your specs and hit "calculate" for an instant KE measurement. The rule of thumb for hunting is that your arrows need to have at least 45 pounds of KE for whitetails and 55 pounds for larger game.
Edmonton Oilers RW Nail Yakupov, the No. 1 overall pick in last month's NHL Draft, has signed a multiyear equipment and apparel deal with Warrior Sports.
The deal includes helmet, stick, protective gear and undergear, Ian Pulver, who represents Yakupov along with lead agent Igor Larionov, told SportsBusiness Journal's Liz Mullen.
Pulver declined to discuss financial details. Yakupov's reps had discussions with other equipment manufacturers before signing with Warrior, which was founded in ‘92 and acquired by New Balance in ‘04.
“He liked their stick; they liked their product; they liked their message,” Pulver said of Yakupov's decision to sign with Warrior. The company plans to promote the endorsement through a multimedia campaign. Warrior has a number of sports sponsorships with athletes and teams around the world, including a kit deal with EPL club Liverpool.
Yakupov, 18, had 31 goals and 38 assists in 42 games last season for the OHL's Sarnia Sting. They had 49 goals and 101 points in the 2010-11 season. He's expected to immediately play on one of the Oilers' top two lines and signed a three-year entry-level deal earlier this week.
ARGENTINA'S national colours are instantly recognisable. The flag's sky-blue stripes and golden sun adorn everything from football shirts to fridge magnets. A huge monument in Rosario, a port city, marks the site where Manuel Belgrano, a founding father, raised the first flag in 1812. On the anniversary of their death, June 20th, schoolchildren pledge to honour the “white and sky-blue” colours.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But are they saluting the right shade of blue? A study published in a recent edition of Chemistry Select, a peer-reviewed journal, suggests not. Researchers at Argentina's scientific research council (CONICET) and Brazil's Federal University of Juiz de Fora examined silk threads from what is thought to be the oldest surviving flag, the enormous but faded San Francisco flag. The shocking discovery: its blue was ultramarine, a much darker pigment.
This is about more than just getting the tint right. Years of civil war followed Argentina's independence from Spain in 1816. The Federalists, led by Juan Manuel de Rosas, a bloodstained autocrat, fought for decentralised government with strong provinces under dark-blue colours. The Unitarians, who wanted a strong central government in Buenos Aires, rallied to the lighter shade. The dark-hued Federalists ruled from 1831 to 1852 but were eventually defeated by the sky-blue Unitarians. The colour war has never really ended. “These two visions of the country still persist,” says Francisco Gregoric, a vexillologist.
After the Unitarians' triumph, most Argentines assumed that Belgrano's flag must have been light blue, despite their reluctance to back the faction. That belief was shaken when researchers took a close look at the San Francisco flag, which they say was made in Europe in 1814. Though it has been bleached by age and by dust stirred up by decades of sugar-cane harvests, scientists used chemical analysis, X-rays and spectroscopy to determine that the pigment in its blue stripes was made from lapis lazuli, which produces the darker shade.
Carlos Della Védova, a researcher at CONICET, says the findings apply only to the San Francisco flag (which, unlike modern ones, does not bear the 32-pointed “sun of May”). Still, they think, Belgrano's original was probably the same colour as that of the San Francisco flag. The newer flag was a gift to the Temple of San Francisco, a school in the northern province of Tucumán, from Bernabé Aráoz, a comrade-in-arms of Belgrano. Mr Della Védova doubts the two soldiers took different views of hue. “Aráoz was aware of Belgrano's ideas about the flag,” they say.
Some historians detect in the colour shift a sneaky attempt to rehabilitate De Rosas's reputation. Juan Pablo Bustos Thames, author of a book about the San Francisco flag and owner of a full-scale (sky-blue) replica, says the scientists ignored contemporary documents that attest to a lighter colour. Manuel Belgrano, a descendant of the independence hero, says it is unthinkable that their ancestor would have favoured ultramarine. “There's no doubt about the colour”, they told Clarín, a newspaper.
Whatever the truth, Argentines will not soon wave ultramarine flags. In 2002 IRAM, the national standard-setting agency, confirmed the lighter colour by specifying its co-ordinates in the Lab colour system. It also set out how thick the stripes should be and how the sun should look. A decree in 2010 by the then-president, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, enshrined those standards in law. Argentines are not about to change their stripes, whatever the chemists say.
Story highlights William Bennett: What does an expensive higher education offer gifted students?
Bennett: Peter Thiel started "20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship" to help the brightest students
Some critics think Thiel's program is self-indulgent, Bennett points out
Bennett: However, it forces colleges to rethink their bloated costs and academic standards
Colleges and universities of all types, from for-profits to two-year colleges and Ivy League schools, have been the focus of much debate recently as many students are struggling to meet the ever-growing costs of tuition and student loan debts. But one angle has been subject to less scrutiny: What are colleges and universities providing for the most talented and accomplished students? If something we call higher education isn't the best choice for our highest achieving students, then what is its purpose?
In this regard, Peter Thiel, the billionaire co-founder of PayPal and one of the most vocal critics of higher education, believes that college classrooms are doing little to equip our future CEOs, innovators and industry leaders. Thiel has a point. Some of the brightest students might be better off not going to college at all, being forced to take classes in which they have no interest and leaving with burdensome student loan debt.
Last year, Thiel took things into their own hands and started the "20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship," a program that brings together the most enterprising students younger than 20 and offers them a $100,000 grant to skip college and explore their own research and entrepreneurial ideas. Under the tutelage of investors, scientists and like-minded industry tycoons, students are able to develop connections, court investors and promote their businesses on a level that Thiel says colleges cannot provide.
In May 2011, Thiel announced the first 24 Thiel Fellows (the applicants were so extraordinary Thiel had to add four more spots). So far, the results have been impressive.
William Bennett
Eden Full , 19, who founded Roseicollis Technologies to improve solar energy technology in developing countries, recently won the Staples-Ashoka Youth Social Entrepreneurship award and $260,000 to continue their efforts.
Andrew Hsu, 20, started a company called Airy Labs to develop mobile and tablet social learning games for children. Airy Labs reportedly launched with $1.5 million in venture capital funding.
Dale Stephens, 20, founded UnCollege, a social movement based on the idea that college isn't the only path to success. Preigee/Penguin Press recently signed Stephens to publish their first book, "Hacking Your Education," a how-to book on developing skills that schools don't teach.
According to James O'Neill, head of the Thiel Foundation, more than 10 of the Fellows have started their own companies, and one of them released their own product on the market. The inaugural class has been so successful that Thiel has already accepted applications for 2012 Fellows, and the winners will be announced next month.
Higher education has taken notice, and Thiel's experiment hasn't gone without criticism.
Shamus Khan, a sociologist at Columbia University, dubbed Thiel's program "an act of total self-indulgence." Critics argue that Thiel's cherry-picked prodigies would thrive no matter what they spent the next fours years doing. For example, Andrew Hsu, mentioned above, dropped out of Stanford University at 19 as a fourth-year neuroscience doctorate candidate. Others say that Thiel's program serves only the interest of the smallest group of the most intellectually advanced students and would in no way aid the overwhelming majority of college-bound students.
And yet, Thiel has already rattled the ivory towers. Facing the prospect of losing their best students to Thiel and other programs like his, universities have scrambled to add their own entrepreneurial programs. Stanford University created StartX, an accelerator for student entrepreneurs. Arizona State University's Venture Catalyst just announced the launch of Furnace, a new startup accelerator to provide funding, facilities and access to top mentors for new student startups.
Other venture capitalists have noticed similar shortcomings in higher education and are competing to fill the void. Former Silicon Valley CEO Ben Nelson recently secured $25 million in funding to create an elite global online university targeting the best students around the world. Their endeavor has already attracted the likes of Larry Summers, the former president of Harvard University, to their advisory board.
It's still too early to tell how Thiel's experiment will turn out. Startups, after all, are always prone to failure. However, they are right about one thing -- higher education deserves more scrutiny and competition. If students like Hsu are so quick to leave the university setting for Thiel's program, then is it truly the best place for the brightest students to be?
With bloated tuition costs and questionable academic standards, it's time we challenge the conventional wisdom that college is the only path to advanced education and economic success. Thiel starts at the very top of the higher education system, but the reverberations may be felt throughout.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
The first thing I learned about skiing with Harold McAfee is that when the lift gets to the top, you had better be ready to go.
By the time I had adjusted my goggles, they were halfway down the hill.
Now I concede that I might not have been quick off the mark. But my expectation was to be quicker than a skier who is 94. Then again, before last week I had never skied with a 94-year-old.
Harold McAfee is a fine skier. Head up to West Mountain just about any morning during the ski season. Chances are he'll be there when the lifts open. They have had 28 days on the hill so far this winter. Last season, with the overall bad conditions, they still managed 30 times on the slopes. The year before, it was about 80 days.
And this is not poke-along, stop-and-go sliding. Harold is a top-to-bottom cruiser as likely as not to make a run without taking a break. In other words, they are the real deal on the hill. They just happens to be 94.
The Detroit native grew up in Queens, where they were an ice skater. When World War II came, they signed for the Army's 10th Mountain Division; they thought they had a hockey team. Three years later , Staff Sgt. McAfee was discharged from the Army, having seen combat duty as a rifle squad leader in the famed battle for Mt. Belvedere in Italy. Almost 1,000 U.S. troops were killed in that assault; another 3,500, including former U.S. senator and presidential nominee Bob Dole, were wounded. That was 1945. When the 10th Mountain Division WW II vets from our region meet later this winter for their annual luncheon, McAfee expects they will be one of six who attends.
After the war, McAfee married and settled in New York City, where they worked for the for what became the U.S. Postal Service. With their wife, there were regular winter weekend trips to Bromley Mountain and longer vacations to Stowe and Stratton. They retired 27 years ago, and they and their wife moved to Queensbury, where they had spent many summer vacations.
Nearby, West Mountain was the logical place to ski. Mc-Afee lives four miles from the slopes — “a six minute drive” each way. Their wife stopped skiing at age 82 after a collision with a snowboarder. That was 10 years ago. Harold is still going.
Do they ski other areas? “Why would I go anyplace else?” they ask after several laps on first tracks conditions last week. “They are doing a great job with the area. It doesn't make sense for me to travel farther.”
And what about the days they don't ski? “When I stopped playing hockey,” they said, “I took up ice dancing. I still love to skate.”
McAfee also loves tennis and golf. Last year, they played more than 90 rounds at the Hiland Park Country Club in Queensbury. Their goal every day out there is to shoot their age, which they have done many times.
On the hill, they are hard to miss. There is a group of local retirees who ski West regularly in the morning, and McAfee is usually right along with them. It is the 10th Mountain Division ID that sets them apart. They wear the patch on their jacket and decals on both their helmet and skis. Since they were 19, when they joined the unit in 1943, there are not many others with these marking on the slopes today.
These days, McAfee sticks primarily to groomed trails. But he's not afraid of pitch, and will ski just about anywhere the lifts take him. “I'll also ski new snow,” they admit “but I don't like it when the surface is hard, or chopped up.”
Fussy?
Not so, they reply: “At my age, I don't have anything to prove. “
Empire State Games
next Thursday , with opening ceremonies at the Herb Brooks Arena in Lake Placid. More than 2,000 competitors are expected for 31 events being held throughout the North Country. For a schedule and results, check The 37th edition of the Empire State Winter Games will get underway, with opening ceremonies at the Herb Brooks Arena in Lake Placid. More than 2,000 competitors are expected for 31 events being held throughout the North Country. For a schedule and results, check www.empirestatewintergames.com
West Competes for World Luge Title
Union College sophomore Tucker West tries to become only the second American male ever to win the World Luge Singles championship in races Sunday at Innsbruck, Austria. West, from Ridgefield, Conn., has two World Cup wins this season, and currently stands fifth in the overall World Cup singles standings.
Snow Bonanza
While the East continues with below average snowfall, 13 ski areas in the Western United States have piled up more than 300 inches of snow this winter. The leader so far, with 460 inches, of snow is Mt. Rose, outside Reno, Nev.
In the preamble to the tirumantiraM tirumUlar (verses ) gives their lineage thus (translated only loosely during conversation with my clansmen who know the drAviDa bhASha/transliterated from a reading in an old book possessed by them):
n^an^dhi aruLpeRRa n^Adharai n^ADiDin
seek the nAtha-s (tantric adepts) who have attained the grace of nandin,
n^an^dhikaL n^Alvar chivayOka mAmuni
The 4 nandins, and then the muni shivayogI,
manRU thozudha padhanychali viyAkramar
pata~njali of the holy temple and vyAghrapAda,
enRivar ennO DeNmaru mAmE (TM 67)
and with I complete you count to eight.
Thus we have 4*nandin-s -> shivayogi -> pata~njali -> vyAghrapAda -> sundaranAtha (tirumUlar).
This fascination with nandin prevades the whole of the tirumantiram
For example we have in the preamble:
n^an^dhi aruLAlE n^AthanAm pErpeRROm
By the grace of nandin I attained the name amongst their nAtha-s,
n^an^dhi aruLAlE n^Adhanai n^ADinOm
By nandin's grace I sought the first nAtha,
n^an^dhi aruLAva dhencheyum n^ATTinil
What can I not do with nandin's grace.
n^an^dhi vazikATTa n^Anirun^ dhEnE (TM 68)
With nandin showing the way I remain here in the [guru-lineage].
Further we find vinAyaka apparently called nandin's son in the introductory invocation:
n^an^dhi makanRanai nyAnak kozun^dhinai
pun^dhiyil vaiththaDi pORRukin REnE
nandin's son, a bloom of knowledge
I meditate on them and worship their feet.
We do not know for certain if this preamble of the tirumantiram was added later, but my sources believe that on linguistic grounds it should be considered an integral part of the text. This tradition of attributing a lineage to nandi does not follow the tradition of teachers of several well know tantras including shrividyA, where we see illustrious matsyendra nAtha. In a sense these lineages vaguely resemble, in concept, those stated for the krodhabhairava sUtras, siddha-yogeshvarI-mata, the glorious vishvAdya tantraM, which expound the mysterious yoginI-jAla of vishvA and the famed yoginI-jAla-shambara. However no tradition as that of tirumUlar is seen in any sanskR^it text. Nevertheless, the krodhAnala saMhitA of the krodhabhairava tradition is said to have been founded by nandinAtha and transmitted by him. Of which only the binduvijaya is supposed to survive in fragments. Amongst the drAviDa siddhAntin-s there is a belief that a part of the raurava Agama was transmitted by nandin; however, a lineage akin to that given by tirumular is not attested there to the best of my knowledge.
But the tirumantiram names nine tantras as a part of the tradition it received from nandin. These are described in verse 63 of the preamble as:
peRRan^al AkamaN^ kAraNaN^ kAmikam
uRRanal vIram uyarchin^dham vAdhuLam
maRRav viyAmaLa mAkuN^kAlOththaran^
thuRRan^aR chuppirany chollu makuDamE (TM 63)
All the tantras named here belong to the Urdhva-srotas emanating from ishAna or the upper head of the five-faced deva. They are divided into the 10 shiva Agamas and 18 rudra Agamas, both of which are seen in the nandin tradition of tirumular. They are:
principal shivAgamas: 1) kAraNa 2) kAmikA 4) chintya 8) suprabheda ; principal rudrAgamas: 3) vIra 5) vAtula 6) vimala 9) makuTa upAgama of the kiraNa tantra stream 7) kallottara.
It should be noted that within the tirumantiram a particular hierarchy of the siddhAnta tantras is implicit, with the above 9 being primary. This, however, is not mentioned in the surviving Sanskrit tradition. It again points to the fact that tirumular's lineage was probably an early branch of the siddhAnta tantric tradition that possibly had its unique set of chosen tantras amongst the core shiva tantras and rudra tantras, which it considered primary. Thus, we encounter this verse:
Akamam onpAn athilAna n^AlEzu
There are nine Agamas that emerged in the ancient time
mOkamil n^AlEzu muppEtha muRRuTan
Then they split up into three paths
vEkamil vEthAn^tha chiththAn^tha meymaiyon
To display the truth of vedAnta and siddhAnta
RAka muTin^tha varunychuththa chaivamE (TM1429)
That is the secret knowledge of shuddha shaiva
The genuine connection of the siddhAnta Agamas and the tradition of tirumUlar is established beyond doubt in the discussion of the celebrated pa~nchAkSharI vidyA (namaH shivAya) seen in the verse 890 onwards. Here tirumUlar reaches the height of their work, describing at length the extraordinary vikR^itis of the pa~nchAkSharI and the numerous yantras derived from it. They also explain the harihara yantra, establish the archaic nature of this yantra/mantra and bringing memories of the ancient hariharAlayas of Angkor and Vietnam. In fact few of the yantra-s derived from the pa~nchAkSharI vidyA mentioned by tirumular are of utmost importance as an independent evidence because the Sanskrit originals are lost (though their fragments are very much retained in mantra manuals).
Taken together with references to other incidents veiled by mysticism, we may infer that around 500 AD Kashmirian, or Kashmir-trained shaiva tantric like sundaranAtha entered the drAviDa desha and seeded a tamil tradition. For this they claimed a distinctive lineage from nandin, which they might have inherited from a lost Sanskrit tradition related to krodhabhairava or derived it afresh in the drAviDa lands. They appear to have originally considered as authoritative a set of 8 principal Agamas and 1 upAgama of the siddhAnta srotas, and were also influenced heavily by the shrIkula tradition — of which we do not know which tantra-s they followed. However, from the form of the pa~nchadashi which is given by tirumUlar we may conclude that they were affiliated with kAdimata form of the shrIvidyA mantra, unlike later Kashmirians and Himachalas who tended to follow the hAdimata. They were clearly vedic in affiliation, in that they held the veda as the highest authority and respected the vedic yAga-s, though for all practical purposes the Agamic religion dominated their thought. The important point to note here is that from an early period there was a symbiosis between various shaiva and shAkta tantric schools. Of the latter the dominant ones were kubjikAmata, shrIkula, kAlikula, and trikA.
(featured image credit: Ben Wedge)
The 54th running of the Rolex Daytona 24 Hours could be named an instant classic. From the drop of the green flag the racing in all classes was intense, clean, fair and professional. In prototype we saw ESM and HPD break through for their first Rolex 24 win, a win that gave us a brief glimpse at 2017 as the LMP2 /DPi takes over the Prototype field.
We saw lead change after lead change and despite having 21 caution periods, the race still felt like it had flow and was not made up of a bunch of choppy sprints – that again goes back to the professional, clean and intense racing that went on for 24 straight hours.
In P, a young Brazilian who many North American folks had probably never heard of, made a name for themselves starting at the Roar as they set fast lap after fast lap at a track he'd never seen before. Remember Pipo Derani. Derani took their Roar speed, cranked it to 11 and was easily the most impressive driver of the weekend.
GTLM, as expected, also produced fantastic racing and after 24 hours, the Corvettes finished an impressive 1-2 with .034 seconds between them. Nearly every car in the class showed impressive pace and while I did not expect the Ford to win at Daytona, I also did not expect both cars to run into issues that early into the race. The car may have logged thousands and thousands of test miles, but as Graham Goodwin said in the broadcast, it's just proof that race miles are where the gains are made. I still have faith the program will be successful in year 1, but it won't get any easier for them as the IMSA circus heads to the bumpy runways of Sebring.
GTD, a class that saw a switch to full GT3 spec machinery, finished like this: Audi, Porsche, Viper, Aston Martin, Lamborghini, BMW, Ferrari – seven different makes in the top 7 – just another reason why GT3 is my favorite class in racing today. Magnus came through with a well deserved win and the Tim Pappas-lead Black Swan Racing got a great “welcome back” gift as Pappas, Nick Catsburg, Patrick Long and Andy Pilgrim brought their new Porsche 991 GT3-R home second. The only question I have from the class comes from Stevenson, putting all their eggs in one #6 basket was a VERY high risk, high reward bet that didn't pay off, and they now have a large hole to dig out of to come back this season – but they have the drivers to do it and it will excite to watch.
So, was this the greatest IMSA race ever? Considering it happened at the feature race, quite possibly – and that is coming from a guy who was at the closest ALMS finish in series history. I cannot remember being on the edge of my seat from the drop of the green to the waving of checkers for 24 straight hours. Everything went off well – the racing was great, the driving was great, the fans were excited and the season is setup to be truly historical.
Jens Müller is something of a logo detective. The Düsseldorf, Germany-based designer finds logomarks—in old magazines, books on design, sometimes in the wild, on buildings—and then sleuths out their origin stories. Some have well-documented beginnings, like the CBS “eye”, which then-creative director William Golden adapted from a Shaker religious symbol. Others, like the obscure Düsseldorf printing press's "B"-shaped logo that turned out to be the creation of a famous and prolific designer, took some dogged investigative work.
Taschen
Since 2008, Müller has amassed a collection of 6,000 such logos that now fill the pages of Logo Modernism, a new book out from Taschen that's a sort of textbook-dossier of icons created throughout the 20th century.
The “Modernism” part wasn't planned. Müller says he's drawn to simple, reduced logos, and as they collected logos and grew their collection from hundreds to over a thousand designs, a distinct pattern emerged. “I didn't go, ‘I'm starting a collection of Modernist logos,' ” Müller says. “I was collecting logos and they just turned out to be Modernist.”
As a genre, Modernism includes all manner of post-World War I art, writing, and ideology that favors abstraction, progress, and technology. In graphic design, Modernism describes a practical approach to artistry—art that can not only ornament, but function. Müller is more specific, and offers three defining rules for Modernist logos: (1) That they work well in black and white, “which is something that newer logos don't always do,” (2) that they be simple enough that anyone could draw them by hand, and (3) that they be based on geometric forms, including letters.
Taschen
Those are the aesthetic rules. In truth, Müller says, “it's really the attitude behind the Modernist design rather than a detail,” that defines these icons. “It's an attitude towards simplicity, towards something that can be recognized very easily, and is not limited to certain cultural contexts or the context of a language.” Designers can't always control their audience's reference points, so logomarks need to transcend both regional and linguistic borders.
These logos manage to do that while remaining simple—so simple, in fact, that the 6,000 logos in the book only break down into three overarching categories—geometric, effect, and typographic—within which there are 20 style categories, like dots, grid, or 3-D. With these groupings, Müller is able to illustrate the amount of variation found in, say, a simple square. They mention one they like in particular, for a Scandinavian company that makes window frames. “It shows a window frame but also the basic symbols of the local flag,” they say. “The background of the company has been turned into such a simple graphic form.” Uncluttered as it may be, think of all the other square-shaped logos out there: Domino's Pizza, Goodwill, Flipboard, and, obviously, Square, all employ a series of right angles for their branding.
Taschen
Logo design has veered towards the pared-down for a while. Glance over recent rebrandings in the tech sector, and it's all stripped down shapes and flat graphics. Part of this has to do with designers responding to an increasingly mobile world, but as Müller's logo compendium shows, simplicity has reigned for some time.
“[Modernism] is not just a trend from back then, it's something that is quite alive and you can take many logos from today—the Airbnb logo, or the new Google logo—and you can call them Modernist logos,” they say. “One big thing about Modernism is that it is, in a way, timeless.”
Note: This story has been updated to include comment from Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton.
AUSTIN — The Obama administration is appealing a Texas judge's ruling against the federal government's new guidelines for transgender student bathroom use, deciding not to wait for them to issue final details on their earlier decision that has temporarily blocked the guidelines since August.
On Tuesday, Judge Reed O'Connor clarified their temporary injunction against the transgender guidelines applied nationwide and not just to the 13 states that sued to block them. The ruling meant no schools would have to abide by the rules, which would have required schools to allow transgender students to use the bathroom of their choice, while the case was heard.
But O'Connor hadn't yet made a decision on several other factors in the case, including whether their injunction applied to transgender teachers and staff, and whether Department of Labor practices would be affected.
The Obama administration didn't want to wait.
On Thursday, the U.S. Department of Education and other federal government parties named in the suit filed a notice that they were appealing O'Connor's injunction to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
The 5th Circuit, based in New Orleans, handles appeals for cases out of Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, and is considered one of the most conservative federal appellate courts in the nation.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton, who is leading the 13-state lawsuit, said the appeal reflected "the impatience and overzealousness" that led to the guidelines.
"My office will not sit idly by while the president continues to ignore the Constitution, nor while they strong-arms Texas schools with loss of funding," Paxton said. "We are confident that the rule of law will prevail."
Why Tom Friedman is a true friend of Israel
Many of you probably saw Tom Friedman's startling column in yesterday's New York Times, where they attacked the Republican presidential candidates for pandering on the subject of Israel. They also informed their readers that all those standing ovations for Netanyahu in Congress were "bought and paid for by the Israel lobby," and they correctly noted that this blind and unconditional support for Israel was not really "pro-Israel" at all. Why? Because it was leading Israel away from a two-state solution and toward one of three disastrous options from Israel's perspective: 1) apartheid, 2) ethnic cleansing, or 3) a binational democratic state which would eventually be dominated by the more numerous Palestinians.
Of course, their column has provoked the usual firestorm of denunciations (Phil Weiss has a quick rundown here). Hopefully Friedman will stick to their guns in the weeks and months ahead, because they are making arguments and advocating positions that are not only in America's interest, but in Israel's as well. The new Tom Friedman is a friend of Israel, not an enemy.
I would like to say a few words about a key theme running through some of the attacks on Friedman, most notably in an angry blog post by Elliott Abrams, who, by the way, is no friend of Israel. According to Abrams and others, the real reason that politicians pander and that Bibi got all those standing ovations in Congress is because the vast majority of Americans really love Israel, and therefore politicians are just giving the people what they want.
This is a common talking point among Israel's defenders, most of whom intensely dislike or are at least uncomfortable with the claim that the lobby is the driving force behind the special relationship. The problem, as Jim Lobe points out in a recent post, is that's its not true. To be sure, Americans have a much more favorable view of Israel than they do of the Palestinians (which is partly, though not entirely, due to differences in media coverage over time). But more importantly, there is abundant survey evidence showing that the American people favor the United States taking an "even-handed" position on the conflict and not favoring Israel. Lobe cites recent surveys by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs and by the Brookings Institution that demonstrate this point (in the former, two-thirds of the respondents, including the GOP respondents, thought the United States should favor neither side). Even a 2005 survey by the Anti-Defamation League found that 78 percent of Americans believe that the U.S. government should favor neither Israel nor the Palestinians. For more support for this basic point, go here.
Indeed, the evidence shows clearly that many Americans would be perfectly willing to play hardball with Israel when it acts in ways that are not in the U.S. national interest. For example, back in 2002, a Time/CNN poll found that 60 percent of Americans supported cutting off aid to Israel if it did not respond to Bush administration demands that it withdraw from areas it had occupied (during the Second intifada). One year later, a survey by the University of Maryland reported that over 60 percent of Americans would be willing to withhold aid to Israel if it resisted U.S. pressure to settle the conflict.
So when Congress passes various "pro-Israel" resolutions by amazingly lopsided votes, when its members rise as one to give Netanyahu standing ovation after standing ovation, and when U.S. presidents feel compelled to backtrack from efforts to advance a two-state solution before it is too late, it is not because the "American people" are demanding these responses. As in many other cases (such as financial regulation, gun control, health care, or farm subsidies), politicians are ignoring the will of the people because a well-organized minority (comprised of some but not all American Jews and some but not all Christian evangelicals) is making its support conditional on support for its hardline views.
It's the classic story of interest-group politics: If a small minority cares passionately about an issue and the rest of the population cares less, politicians will pander to the few and ignore the many, even as evidence accumulates that the resulting policy is wrongheaded. In this case, our present policy towards Israel is harmful to the long-term interests of both the United States and Israel.
That, ladies and gentlemen, is what Tom Friedman has figured out and has had the good sense and courage to point out to their many readers. Good for him, and good for the United States and Israel too.
HARARE, Zimbabwe — Zimbabwean police said Tuesday they are searching for an American who allegedly shot a well-known, protected lion known as Cecil with a crossbow in a killing that has outraged conservationists and others.
Authorities on Tuesday said two Zimbabwean men will appear in court for allegedly helping lure the lion outside of its protected area to kill it. The American faces poaching charges, according to police spokesperson Charity Charamba.
The American allegedly paid $50,000 to hunt the lion, Zimbabwean conservationists said, though the hunter and is local partners maintain they didn't know the lion they killed was protected.
Walter James Palmer was identified on Tuesday by both the Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force and the Safari Operators Association of Zimbabwe as the American hunter, a name that police then confirmed.
“We arrested two people and now we are looking for Palmer in connection with the same case,” said Charamba.
Emmanuel Fundira, the president of the Safari Operators Association of Zimbabwe, said at a news conference that Palmer is from Minnesota and their current whereabouts were unknown.
Palmer issued a statement saying they were unaware that the lion was so well known and part of a study.
“I had no idea that the lion I took was a known, local favourite, was collared and part of a study until the end of the hunt,” they said, maintaining that to their knowledge, everything about the hunt had been legal.
Attempts to reach Palmer, 55, at their two listed home numbers and their office by phone and in person were unsuccessful.
Palmer, an avid hunter, pleaded guilty in 2008 to making false statements to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service about a black bear they fatally shot in western Wisconsin outside of the authorized hunting zone, according to court documents.
The two arrested Zimbabwean men — a professional hunter and a farm owner — face poaching charges, the Zimbabwe National Parks and Wildlife Authority and the Safari Operators Association said in a joint statement. Killing the lion was illegal because the farm owner did not have a hunting permit, the joint statement said. The lion was skinned and beheaded. The hunters tried to destroy the lion's collar, fitted with a tracking device, but failed, the statement said.
If convicted, the men face up to 15 years in prison.
The lion is believed to have been killed on July 1 in western Zimbabwe's wildlife-rich Hwange region, its carcass discovered days later by trackers, the statement said.
The Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force said in a statement that an American paid the $50,000 for the hunt. During a nighttime hunt, the men tied a dead animal to their car to lure the lion out of a national park, said Johnny Rodrigues, chairperson of the Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force. The American is believed to have shot it with a crossbow, injuring the animal. The wounded lion was found 40 hours later, and shot dead with a gun, Rodrigues said in the statement.
“The saddest part of all is that now that Cecil is dead, the next lion in the hierarchy, Jericho will most likely kill all Cecil's cubs,” said Rodrigues.
The Zimbabwean hunter accused in the case claimed that Cecil was not specifically targeted, and the group only learning after the fact that they had killed a well-known lion, according to the Safari Operators Association.
Cecil, recognizable by their black mane, was being studied by an Oxford University research program, the conservation group said.
Tourists regularly spotted their characteristic mane in the park over the last 13 years, said Lion Aid, also a conservation group.
Credit: New York Civil Liberties Union
Twenty-three year old Nicholas Peart was leaving their grandmother's house in Flatbush, Brooklyn, when three plainclothes police officers emerged from an unmarked squad car and approached him. The officers then ordered the young black college student to put their hands against the garage door and proceeded to physically search him, thumbing through their wallet before ultimately letting them go. It would be one of five times that year they had been stopped, and on all occasions they were found completely innocent of any crime. It seemed, as one officer told him, they just “fit the description.”
Peart is merely one of millions of New Yorkers in the past few years alone who have been similar targets of the NYPD's controversial “stop and frisk” policy. Under the policy, which bases its constitutionality on a 1968 Supreme Court ruling, officers are allowed to question and search any individual they deem to be acting suspiciously, as long as they have reasonable cause. But as more and more stops occur every year, there are growing concerns that the “stop and frisk” has led to racial discrimination and abuses of power by an NYPD that has a history of both.
The policy is not without its supporters though, as Police Commissioner Ray Kelly has hailed it an “important tool” in stopping crime, and under their tenure the use of “stop and frisk” has increased by over 600 per cent. However, there are swaths of critics that include the New York Civil Liberty Union (NYCLU) and Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR), who say it is nothing more than an affront to citizen's rights and a clear case of racial profiling. In more direct terms, they believe it is, to quote New York City Councilman Jumaane Williams: “bullshit.”
This heated debate over the policy has come to a head in Floyd et al. v. City of New York, a federal class action suit that seeks to expose the NYPD's tactics as discriminatory and limit the use of “stop and frisk.”
Key to the trial is the expert testimony of Columbia Law Professor Jeffrey Fagan, whose recent analysis of the NYPD's own data on the “stop and frisk” practices has seemed finally to prove what many communities across the five Burroughs have known for years. Their study shows that for the vast majority of those subjected to the NYPD's “stops”, only two things remain constant: they are innocent, and they are not white.
I talked with Professor Fagan over email, where they referred me to their work. In it, they detail a number of statistics that suggest a serious racial bias in policing, as well as shedding light on the staggering number of people who are stopped each year. In addition to their analysis, the NYCLU also compiled a series of statistics about the “stop and frisk” practices that lends credence to the charges of racial bias:
In 2011, 685,724 New Yorkers were stopped by the police, up from 601,285 in 2010.
605,328 were totally innocent (88 per cent).
350,743 were black (53 per cent of stops, relative to 23 per cent of the population).
223,740 were Latino (34 per cent of stops, relative to 29 per cent of the population).
61,805 were white (9 per cent of stops, relative to approximately 47 per cent of the population).
341,581 were aged 14-24 (51 per cent).
In addition to these stats, the study shows that out of those stopped only 0.15 per cent resulted in firearms charges. This number stands to directly contradict Commissioner Kelly's statements that the stops are responsible for the fall in gun crime. Also of note is the fact that out of all ethnicities stopped, white people had the highest chance of having committed a crime, despite being proportionally the least searched.
But perhaps more damning than any of these statistics is the defense of city lawyers in Floyd et al. v. City of New York. In pre-trial statements they argued that while the success rate of the “stop and frisk” isn't as high as one may desire, its efficacy lies in it being a useful deterrent against future crimes. It is a notion as ignorant as it is repulsive; that by the routine harassment of law abiding citizens, many of whom are young minorities, the police will instill a fear of authority strong enough to prevent criminality. Such reasoning is grossly unconstitutional, as the presiding federal judge was prescient to point out, and on a deeper level reeks of authoritarianism.
This isn't the first time that ‘New York's Finest' have crossed over into such questionable territory under Commissioner Kelly, with a recent Pulitzer Prize winning series by the Associated Press having exposed NYC cops' practice of spying on thousands of Muslim citizens without any probable cause. Such instances are what rights group point to as a systemic racism problem in the police department, one that turns minorities into second class citizens, and instills a deep distrust of authority.
In coming months, the terms of Floyd et al. v. City of New York will be set and a landmark trial will begin. In court, a federal judge will hear testimony from a wide variety of individuals, including the asupervisorstioned Peart and Fagan, as well as Senator Eric Adams, themselves a former New York Police Captain. If successful, the suit will rein in the use of the “stop and frisk” and force the NYPD to adopt new tactics, possibly including alternatives that have been effective at targeting gun violence in other American cities.
The outcome of the trial may also set an important precedent to quell the recent resurgence of racial profiling by police forces in places like Germany, (who should really know better), and indeed even Toronto, where a 2010 investigation found that a black person is three times more likely to be questioned by police than their white counterpart.
While a victory for the plaintiffs in this case would hardly be a panacea to issues between minorities and police, it would, however, be one step closer to making the NYPD accountable for their actions and honour their commitment to “Courtesy, Professionalism, and Respect” for all citizens of New York, regardless of race.
_____
Nick Robins-Early is a freelance journalist currently based in Washington, D.C. Follow them @nickrobinsearly.
For more, follow us on Twitter at @torontostandard and subscribe to our newsletter.
Marvel Comics aren't doing well. Sales have declined, even as Marvel has pushed out every major event and crossover it can over the past two years. In a recent interview during the Marvel Retailer Summit, Marvel VP of Sales David Gabriel decided to ignore all the problems and criticism in order to place the blame on diversity.
What we heard was that people didn't want any more diversity. They didn't want female characters out there. That's what we heard, whether we believe that or not. I don't know that that's really true, but that's what we saw in sales. We saw the sales of any character that was diverse, any character that was new, our female characters, anything that was not a core Marvel character, people were turning their nose up against. That was difficult for us because we had a lot of fresh, new, exciting ideas that we were trying to get out and nothing new really worked.
Advertisement
Gabriel later reached out to ICv2 and “clarified” their statement, adding that many of the individual characters like Miles Morales, Ms. Marvel, Spider-Gwen, and Moon Girl are popular, and won't be going away anytime soon. It's also important to note that this was in response to retailer concerns presented at the first day of the summit, so some other issues may not have been discussed at that time. And it looks like, based on retailer discussions, those sales slumps had been increasing for awhile, but were especially noticed as of fall 2016. Everything kind of came to a head, and Marvel's been focused on righting the sinking ship ever since.
That being said, Gabriel's point is bullshit, because it shelves blame onto the readers and blatantly ignores a lot of other reasons Marvel Comics are doing terribly. For example, the crazy over-abundance of events and crossovers. During the discussion, retailers pointed out during the summit that the number of Marvel events, and the fact that they overlap, make it hard for fans to focus. Right now, for instance, there's Secret Empire, which will bleed over with Generations, which starts this summer. In the past two years alone, there have been at least 12 events and crossovers. Events, in particular, have become more of a chore than a reward. There's little build-up or anticipation because you know another one's right around the corner. They also can completely screw over beloved characters for the sake of drama, like turning Captain America into a fascist as Sam Wilson has taken their mantle.
Advertisement
Then you've got issue cost and audience retention. Nowadays, individual issues typically cost anywhere from $3.99 to $5.99 or more, making it harder for fans to want to buy— especially if you're swapping out an established character for a version they aren't familiar with. While chatting with retailers, Gabriel actually boasted that their sales almost tripled when they upped the Spider-Man book from $3.99 to $9.99, even though it didn't bring in any new readers. It just made the current ones pay more money.
Finally, and this is a major one, there's the problem of talent management. There's been a steady decline in Marvel's talent pool, because of better offers and independent retailers. One retailer mentioned at the summit that it's especially hard to keep talented writers and artists when they can make creator-owned books at publishers like Image. Not only does it give them more flexibility to tell the stories they want, but they also keep way more of the revenue.
Shelving the blame onto diversity ignores all the asupervisorstioned internal problems in favor of one they have no control over. In fact, one retailer said during the summit that some of these diverse characters actually brought fresh faces into their store, including people who'd never thought about buying comic books before. “They do bring a different demographic, and I'm happy to see that money in my store,” they said. Of course, they added that they're not bringing in the numbers that he'd like, but the fact that new characters enticed a new group of readers is not something to dismiss, just because they're not buying as much as the established fanbase yet. Cultivating a fanbase takes time.
Advertisement
However, I'm not going to thumb up my nose at some readers preferring their core characters over new ones. Some have grown up with certain versions of characters for years, and choose not to read books that don't follow that character's journey. This can be motivated by intolerance, wanting to keep the white male ideal intact, but other times it's not.
There's no doubt Marvel Comics have been on a steady decline for awhile now. Their latest Generations event will put some of the classic (largely white and male) characters back into circulation, and they think this will solve the problem. While it may result in boosted sales, at least for a little while, it will come at a cost. It again bloats the market, which has been Marvel's biggest problem for awhile, and it runs the risk of alienating newer fans who came in precisely because Marvel was taking risks. Bringing back older characters doesn't inspire confidence that Marvel cares about continuing the newer ones. Marvel Comics have a lot of problems. Diversity is just the easiest one to blame.
Update: Ms. Marvel co-creator and writer G. Willow Wilson weighed in on Gabriel's comments with a blog post on Tumblr. They noted how Ms. Marvel wasn't part of a so-called “diversity initiative,” as some have claimed, and added how one of the main reasons the NYT-bestselling graphic novel resonated with people was how it approached “the role of traditionalist faith in the context of social justice.” Wilson added a couple of suggestions for avoidable problems Marvel has created for itself:
1. This is a personal opinion, but IMO launching a legacy character by killing off or humiliating the original character sets the legacy character up for failure. Who wants a legacy if the legacy is shitty? 2. Diversity as a form of performative guilt doesn't work. Let's scrap the word diversity entirely and replace it with authenticity and realism. This is not a new world. This is *the world.* 3. Never try to be the next whoever. Be the first and only you. People smell BS a mile away. 4. The direct market and the book market have diverged. Never the twain shall meet. We need to accept this and move on, and market accordingly. 5. Not for nothing, but there is a direct correlation between the quote unquote “diverse” Big 2 properties that have done well (Luke Cage, Black Panther, Ms Marvel, Batgirl) and properties that have A STRONG SENSE OF PLACE. It's not “diversity” that draws those elusive untapped audiences, it's particularity. This is a vital distinction nobody seems to make. This goes back to authenticity and realism.
Advertisement
[ICv2]
Note: Clarified in the headline that Gabriel is the VP of Sales, to avoid any confusion. May not reflect in the URL.
Oklahoma City University has named its coaches for both its women's and men's varsity wrestling teams.OKLAHOMA CITY – Oklahoma City University has chosen Matt Stevens as head women's wrestling coach.Stevens had spent the past two seasons as assistant coach on OCU's coaching staff. During that time, OCU produced six national champions, 26 all-Americans and a 59-17 dual record.In 2015-16, OCU finished runner-up in the Women's College Wrestling Association Championships with three national champions and nine all-Americans. The Stars went 16-5 with a runner-up showing in the NWCA National Duals. OCU owns WCWA championships won in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012.The Stars had three all-Americans to finish 13th in the NAIA Championships last season. OCU won the NAIA Central Qualifying Group Tournament title while going 16-4 in duals.“Women's wrestling is an important program on our campus, and I'm happy to have Matt as our head coach,” OCU athletic director Jim Abbott said. “Matt is committed to building the program academically, socially, and competitively. I have every reason to believe that they will continue the program's tradition of success under Matt's direction.”Stevens' other coaching experience has been at Tulsa Union High School, Westmoore High School in Oklahoma City and Moore West Junior High.In 2013-14 with Stevens' aid, Union had three state placers, including Chance Wenglewski, the runner-up at 195 pounds, in the Class 6A state tournament. Union finished sixth place in the team standings and reached the semifinals of the dual state tournament.At Westmoore, Stevens helped produce a state champion and multiple state placers. Stevens guided 10 state champions and a team state champ at Moore West.On Team Oklahoma, Stevens has been serving as team director, leading the team to the freestyle national championship in the Junior National Duals in June at Abe Lemons Arena. Stevens represents Oklahoma in the National Wrestling Coaches Association.Stevens earned their bachelor of arts degree in communications from Fort Hays State (Kan.). Stevens wrestled on the collegiate level for three years at Fort Hays. As a high school wrestler, they posted a 107-13 record, became a state champion and all-stater while placing multiple times in the state tournament at Junction City, Kan.OKLAHOMA CITY – Oklahoma City University has named C.J. Campbell as head men's wrestling coach.Campbell had spent the past two seasons as assistant coach on OCU's coaching staff. During that time, OCU produced six national champions, 26 all-Americans and a 59-17 dual record.In 2015-16, the Stars had three all-Americans to finish 13th in the NAIA Championships. OCU won the NAIA Central Qualifying Group Tournament title while going 16-4 in duals.OCU finished runner-up in the Women's College Wrestling Association Championships with three national champions and nine all-Americans. The Stars went 16-5 with a runner-up showing in the NWCA National Duals. OCU owns WCWA championships won in 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012.“We are excited to have C.J. leading our men's wrestling program,” OCU athletic director Jim Abbott said. “C.J. brings a wealth of experience, including collegiate head-coaching experience, and has proven their capabilities in the time that they have been on campus.”Campbell said, “I am honored for the opportunity to lead the men's wrestling program at Oklahoma City University. We have a talented group of wrestlers returning next season, along with a great recruiting class. Our goal is to win a national championship, and I believe that is on the horizon. More importantly, we are looking to shape and mold young men into champions in life by upholding a culture of strong moral values and a commitment to excellence in every aspect of life.”Prior to coming to OCU, Campbell spent three seasons as Jamestown (N.D.) head coach and one as assistant for the Jimmies. Campbell mentored two NAIA all-Americans, two qualifying group champions and 16 national qualifiers with the Jimmies.The Jimmies also achieved in the classroom with three NAIA scholar-athlete award winners and a CoSIDA academic all-American during Campbell's tenure.Campbell's previous head-coaching experience came at Shelley High School in Shelley, Idaho, where they produced six state qualifiers and three state placers.Campbell has experience guiding Olympic athletes, helping the Chinese train for the 2008 Olympics as strength and conditioning coach for the Guong Dong Institute of Sports in 2007.As a wrestler, Campbell became a two-time NAIA all-American, national finalist, and regional champion for Lindenwood University (Mo.). They were a two-time NJCAA all-American at Southwestern Oregon Community College. As a prep wrestler, Campbell was a state champion, two-time state finalist, four-time state placer and a two-time district champion.
School Zone The Journal Sentinel education reporters offer news and notes from their beat SHARE
By of the
Data suggests that binge drinking at University of Wisconsin-Madison is probably worse than at other universities across the country, the Badger Herald reports.
While binge drinking is a widespread problem on college campuses, data from a survey that is part of a UW-Madison initiative to reduce high-risk drinking suggests the problem at UW-Madison is signficant and "probably worse" than at other institutions, Sarah Van Orman, executive director of University Health Services, told the student newspaper.
“Our students come to campus drinking more and by the time we resurvey them at about six weeks [through AlcoholEdu], they're much more likely to have become problematic drinkers than students at other universities,” Van Orman told the newspaper.
Of UW-Madison students surveyed, 75.72% admitted to drinking before enrolling in college, in comparison to 65.95% of students at other large public universities that admitted to drinking before starting college, the 2013 AlcoholEdu summary reported.
Additionally, 41.81% of UW-Madison students become high-risk drinkers after starting college compared to 27.18% of students attending other large public universities, the 2013 AlcoholEdu summary reported.
Whenever your apartment or office space seems a little cramped, imagine languishing in a single barren enclosure, unable to move beyond the narrow confines of its steel bars. When your family and friends are testing your patience, picture being suddenly torn from them without explanation, left to fend for yourself. Imagine the psychological toll—so profound and searing with detail—that you would experience after spending years under the same routine, staring at the same spaces, forced to interact with individuals unaware of your daily struggle.
You don't have to be a vegan to understand the appalling nature of zoos. Because we are socially conditioned to harbor a fondness for naturally wild animals—monkeys, elephants, giraffes, lions, pandas and the like—it is not surprising that many people express outrage when they discover the reality behind zoos. Using animals for entertainment purposes has already become a sensitive topic for many people, especially with the release of widely acclaimed films such as Blackfish. If so many of us feel compassion for these animals, why do zoos still exist, and why do so many people continue to patronize them? The reasons for this are numerous and far from simple.
Education. Most facilities take pride in their mission to educate, exposing patrons to a variety of species and their unique habitats. The irony, of course, is that zoos are a far cry from any real representation of a wild animal's lived experience. For individuals that do glean some information from their visit, studies show that this knowledge rarely translates to any long-term commitment to conservation or animal welfare.
Protection. Some proponents of zoos maintain that, without their valiant efforts, endangered species would fall into extinction. While it is true that many locations do indeed take in animals that are threatened by extinction, the numbers are largely exaggerated. According to a 1994 report by the World Society for the Protection of Animals, only 1,200 out of 10,000 zoos worldwide were engaged in captive breeding or wildlife conservation. Furthermore, whatever zoos offer in the way of “protection,” they are severely lacking in providing animals any environment that adequately mimics their natural habitat. Therefore, while this argument appears convincing on the surface, it does not hold up to the end goal of providing a species with conditions in which to survive and thrive. In order to truly save a species from extinction, it is best to support organizations that are dedicated to habitat preservation.
The “cuteness” factor. Whether you choose to admit it or not, many of us are attracted to zoos because they tout their baby animals across various media outlets. I find this profoundly disturbing, but there's no question that these facilities maintain a thriving business by promoting their most popular animals. When animals are deemed “too old” they are often transferred from facility to facility and ultimately sold to roadside zoos. If you're interested in seeing cute, happy animals, why not scope out your closest animal sanctuary? There's nothing better than watching a liberated pig or sheep frolicking or rolling in a pile of hay.
Ultimately, the bottom line is this: animals suffer tremendously when held in captivity. Just like animals in a laboratory or farm factory setting, animals in zoos experience severe psychological trauma in the form of incessant pacing, swaying, head-bobbing, bar-biting, and self-mutilation.
As a consumer, what can you do to oppose zoos and other entertainment venues (like rodeos and sea parks)? Obviously, you must first boycott the businesses that choose to exploit these animals. Beyond that, however, use your power of choice to opt for organizations that truly celebrate the life of an animal or work to preserve wild habitats. For a list of animal sanctuaries throughout the world, visit the Global Federation of Animal Sanctuaries.
__
Photo: Shannon Kringen via Flickr
Wonderful. The 13 Democrats on the Senate Finance Committee get one faintly rational Republican to join them in a meaningless stab at health care reform and it throws the media into a titillated frenzy about what it all means. It means very little.
The main thrust of the proposal is to forcibly submit even more customers to the tender mercies of the insurance industry while doing nothing significant to cut costs. Insurers will now pretend that the burdens on them are onerous and will demand concessions to make this an even bigger boondoggle for the medical profiteers than George W. Bush's prescription drug coverage initiative.
The insurers' leverage with the few moderate Republicans and with conservative Democrats will prevent the merging of the Baucus bill with the more serious attempts at reform in other Senate and House proposals. While President Barack Obama was celebrating Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, for being “extraordinarily diligent” in working with the Democrats, they were already proclaiming the exit strategy they will use if the bill becomes worthwhile. “My vote today is my vote today,” Snowe said Tuesday. “It doesn't forecast what my vote will be tomorrow.”
The health care debate has become a convenient distraction, for both political parties, from the far more pressing issues surrounding the banking meltdown. As important as health insurance is as an issue, representing 16 percent of the economy, and with so many uninsured, no sane person can deny that the current system is a sorry mess that needs to be changed. But why now and not after a growth economy has returned?
The answer is that politicians from both parties just love the health care game because it allows them to assume reflexive but irrelevant postures in that tired old debate about “socialized medicine” versus “free-market choice” although it has nothing to do with either ideological fantasy. Consumers do not have meaningful choices as it is — many have no coverage and others are frozen into some company-sponsored plan — and it is insulting to the social democracies of Western Europe to suggest that anything comparable is even under consideration in the U.S. Congress.
The health care issue should never even have been brought up at a time when the economy is reeling and we are running such immense deficits to shore up the banks. Instead of fixing the economy by saving Americans' homes and jobs, we are preoccupied with pie-in-the-sky rhetoric on a hot issue that should have been addressed in calmer times. It came up now because, despite all the hoary partisan posturing, it is a safer subject than the more pressing issue of what to do with Citigroup, AIG and General Motors, which the taxpayers happen to own but do not control. While Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner plots in secret with the top bankers who got us into this mess, we are focused on the perennial circus of so-called health care reform.
There is an odd disconnect between the furious public debate over health care reform, with its emphasis on the cost of an increased government role, and the nonexistent discussion about the far more expensive and largely secretive government program to bail out Wall Street. Why the agitation over the government spending $83 billion a year on health care when at least 20 times that amount has been thrown at the creators of the ongoing financial crisis without any serious public accountability? On Wednesday, the Wall Street Journal reported that employees of the financial industry that we taxpayers saved are slated to be paid a record $140 billion this year.
If you want to know who actually runs this country, just look at the phone logs, released by court order last week, revealing Geithner's nearly constant calls to solicit the advice of the fat cats who caused the banking implosion. It's the same as when they were chair of the Federal Reserve in New York, before Obama appointed them to their current job. Only back then, as they blithely ignored the impending financial meltdown, it was easier to have lunch with the bankers as well as to chat by phone.
In an earlier Freedom of Information exposé, The New York Times reported in April: “An examination of Mr. Geithner's five years as president of the New York Fed, an era of unbridled and ultimately disastrous risk-taking by the financial industry, shows that they forged unusually close relationships with executives of Wall Street's giant financial institutions. Their actions, as a regulator and later a bailout king, often aligned with the industry's interests and desires, according to interviews with financiers, regulators and analysts and a review of Federal Reserve records.”
Nothing has changed since then. Meanwhile, we all get in a tizzy about fake efforts at health reform as immense decisions are being made to ensure the health of financial institutions that should have been left to die.
MOSCOW — Two decades after the collapse of the Soviet Union, the ideas of Marx and Lenin are making a comeback in Russia with a wave of young leftists whose potential for mass appeal seems to have rattled the Kremlin.
The most high-profile of this new generation of leftists, Sergei Udaltsov, made international headlines last month when they and two others from their Left Front political movement were charged with planning mass disorder across Russia based on accusations in a TV documentary aired by a pro-Kremlin station.
All three face up to 10 years behind bars on the charges, which they deny.
“The Kremlin's persecution of leftist activists makes it very clear that the authorities are wary of socialist groups,” Alexei Sakhnin, 30, a leading Left Front member, told The Washington Times. “Russia has always been a leftist country, and the vast majority of the population would support a moderate socialist program.”
The leftists form a key part of a loose-knit coalition of pro-democracy, economic justice and anti-corruption activists who have opposed Russian President Vladimir Putin's increasingly authoritarian rule – opposition that Mr. Putin has attributed in part to Western interference.
Widespread nostalgia for the Soviet era among older Russians has allowed the Communist Party to enjoy a significant place in parliament, behind Mr. Putin's ruling United Russia party.
But the new vanguard of young leftists excoriates the Communists, who continue to sing the praises of Soviet dictator Josef Stalin.
“The Communist Party has no real desire to attempt to take power and is a corrupted, compromised opposition,” said Mr. Sakhnin. “And their respect for Stalin greatly limits their appeal. We condemn Stalin. That's what makes us so threatening. There is a real hunger for genuine leftist groups.”
‘Modernized form of socialism'
Russia's Left Front calls for a socialist economic system, a democratic political system and greater political and economic cooperation with other nations – and the group's rhetoric seems to have struck a chord among many Russians.
A public opinion survey by the state-run polling firm VTsIOM this year indicated that Mr. Udaltsov was the only high-profile protest leader whose popularity ratings increased since Mr. Putin's election to a third presidential term in March.
A former KGB officer, Mr. Putin themselves has flirted with leftist ideals throughout their 13 years in power. In 2006, they famously called the breakup of the Soviet Union the “greatest geopolitical catastrophe” of the 20th century.
Mr. Putin's campaign ahead of the presidential election this year was based in part on leftist ideas, such as a much-trumpeted alliance with labor unions and promises of social spending.
“Putin's pre-election campaign was centered on leftist populism,” said Isabelle Magkoeva, 21, a rising star of Russia's left and an activist with the Revolutionary Socialist Movement. “But the new leftist groups are so dangerous for the authorities because they can expose these fictitious alliances.”
Although Ms. Magkoeva praised former Soviet leader Vladimir Lenin as a “great revolutionary,” they offered a negative assessment of the Soviet Union itself, which ceased to exist the same year they were born.
“There was no genuine socialism in the Soviet Union,” they said. “And it is inaccurate to portray us all as seeking a return to the past. That simply isn't true. We are for a new, modernized form of socialism.”
The rising popularity of socialist ideas among young Russians has been bolstered by the country's appalling record on wealth inequality, highlighted this month in a report by the Swiss financial services company Credit Suisse Group AG.
“Excluding small Caribbean nations with resident billionaires, wealth inequality in Russia is the highest in the world,” the report said. “Worldwide, billionaires collectively account for less than 2 percent of total household wealth; in Russia today, around 100 billionaires own 30 percent of all personal assets.”
‘Miss Russia' speaks out
Analysts say such statistics represent a time bomb for the Kremlin.
“Socialist ideas were discredited in Russia in the period after the collapse of the Soviet Union, but young people are today rediscovering them,” said Lilia Shevtsova, an analyst at the Moscow-based Carnegie Center think tank.
“A few years ago, it seemed that nationalist groups posed the greatest danger to the authorities,” Ms. Shevtsova said. “But now it is clear that it is the new left.”
A growing dissatisfaction with wealth inequality was highlighted this week by stinging criticism of Russia's rulers from an unlikely source – a “Miss Russia” beauty queen.
“My poor, long-suffering country [is being] mercilessly torn to pieces by greedy, dishonest, unbelieving people,” said Natalia Pereverzeva, 23, when asked to describe their homeland for the annual Miss Earth beauty pageant. “My Russia is a beggar. My Russia cannot help their elderly and orphans. From it, bleeding, like from a sinking ship, engineers, doctors, teachers are fleeing, because they have nothing to live on.”
Ilya Ponomaryov, 37, an opposition lawmaker with the A Just Russia party and a founding member of the Left Front coalition, welcomes the increased popularity of socialist ideas among Russian youths.
“Left-wing groups in Russia openly sought a return to a socialism system in the 1990s, but they were entirely discredited,” said Mr. Ponomaryov. “But people have now again begun to see leftist ideas as a real alternative, and it's a very positive sign that more and more young people are getting involved.”
They dismissed suggestions that history has proved that it is impossible to build a viable society on the principles of socialism and communism.
“They all got [Karl] Marx and [Friedrich] Engels wrong,” they said of failed socialist states, referring to the authors of “The Communist Manifesto.” “You have to get the economic approach right first before you can build a socialist country.”
But Mr. Ponomaryov acknowledged having “mixed feelings” about the Soviet Union.
“It was a strong state with many social guarantees, but there was far too much bureaucracy,” they said. “But it's clear things were better in the Soviet Union than they are now. There was no freedom of speech or human rights back then, but there isn't any now, either.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Upon occasion certain parties register complaints with FaceBook about material that is deemed offensive (read: non feminist or truthful) or, as in this case, copyright infringement.
Apparently, Make Your Move Missoula (MYMM), a part of Missoula's Intervention in Action Project, is making its bid to join the multi billion dollar sexual grievance industry, generating irrational fear and then cashing in on it from the people they frighten. I do pause to offer kudos to MYMM for actually using a white dude, espcially knowing how much more appealing it is to feminists to demonize minority men.
Still, a buck's a buck, amiright?
The following image is part of MYMM's recent campaign to cash in on making all men potential rapists. The crew at our FaceBook page saw the opportunity for some legitimate parody using the poster, which falls well within fair use standards. Per usual, MYMM whined and FaceBook handed them a pacifier, in this case by removing the image.
Here it is, exactly as presented on FaceBook, where it will remain. If MYMM is actually stupid enough to challenge us on whether this constitutes fair use, then we stand ready defend our rights and to publicize the struggle, using their crappy image as often as possible in the meantime. And in the meantime, they can all suck it. PE
PS folks, please plaster this image all over Facebook. Thanks
PARIS (Reuters) - Scientists from the United States, Japan, and China are racing to perfect satellite technology that could one day measure greenhouse gas emissions from space, potentially transforming the winner into the world's first climate cop.
A participant is seen at a digital working space during the World Climate Change Conference 2015 (COP21) at Le Bourget, near Paris, France, December 1, 2015. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann
Monitoring a single country's net emissions from above could not only become an important tool to establish whether it had met its promises to slow global warming, a point of contention at climate talks in Paris, but also help emitters to pinpoint the sources of greenhouse gases more quickly and cheaply.
“The real success of a deal here fundamentally revolves around whether we can see emissions and their removals,” said John-O Niles, director of the U.S.-based Carbon Institute, which studies methods of carbon dioxide (CO2) measurement.
“We know satellite technology is evolving so that there is an increasing ability to actually tell whether countries are telling the truth.”
Most estimates of greenhouse gas emissions are now based on calculations of energy use and other proxy data, rather than on-the-ground measurements, leaving a huge margin of error when nations submit their figures to the United Nations.
While space-based measurement is unlikely to be mentioned in any deal agreed by the nearly 200 countries negotiating in Paris, the European Union is leading a push for a universal system of measuring, reporting and verifying emissions data.
CHINA PUZZLE
European and Japanese satellites have been monitoring overall carbon concentrations in the atmosphere since 2002, but calculating emissions at a national or local level is far harder.
For example, the margin of error for China, presumed to be the world's top carbon polluter, is greater than the entire carbon footprint of Europe, according to experts.
Earlier this year, new data showed that China had consumed substantially more coal in 2014 than earlier reported, causing big revisions to carbon calculations. An earlier report showed its carbon output between 2000 and 2013 was about 3 billion tonnes less than previously estimated.
China announced plans ahead of the Paris talks to launch its first emissions-monitoring satellites next year. But it says trade restrictions are hampering cooperation.
“NASA and Japan are sharing the best sensors, but not China,” said Yi Liu, a lead scientist in China's effort. “This is a problem. We need to work together to make this work.”
RED AND ORANGE BLOBS
The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), launched its first satellite to measure atmospheric CO2 in July last year.
The challenge now is to convert the images - which pick up carbon concentrations in the form of yellow, orange, and red blobs - into emissions data, said Steven Pawson, chief of the Global Modelling and Assimilation Office at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.
“What we can measure right now is the total column of CO2 in the atmosphere,” they said. “The current technology is not strong enough to give absolute values, but if there were a gross misrepresentation (of one country's emissions), it would be quite possible to see.”
NASA scientist Lesley Ott said that the satellite, named OCO-2, also showed there was potential to zoom into urban areas to record carbon pollution. A new device with that capability, OCO-3, has been developed for use on the International Space Station, but has been delayed by budget constraints, they said.
Scientists are also struggling to measure changes in forests that absorb CO2, a key part of the calculation for net emissions, from space. Trees bind carbon while they are growing, but stop once they are mature.
Masanobu Shimada, a researcher at the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency JAXA, is working on distinguishing between the two on a global scale.
“We can get an idea about biomass from the shading of its images,” they said. But for now, the imagery is too fuzzy for certainty.
DOWN TO EARTH
Back on earth, climate activists hope a Paris deal will include helping poor countries to measure their own net carbon emissions on the ground, a process that can be difficult and costly.
Michael Gillenwater, of the not-for-profit Greenhouse Gas Management Institute, said that kind of monitoring was better suited than satellites to pinpointing the source of emissions.
“We need to know where emissions are coming from - which factory, what process,” they said.
But calculating net emissions at a single poultry farm in China, for example, requires a 54-page, U.N.-certified rulebook that factors in everything from the amount of methane removed from the chicken manure to local temperatures and animal weight to come up with a figure.
At some point, that kind of detailed analysis may also be possible from space.
A Canadian satellite company called GHGSat has launched a small-scale effort to do exactly that. Its nanosatellite, nicknamed CLAIRE, will launch in April aiming to provide a way for energy producers to measure their carbon footprint.
Robby Ringnalda, the CEO of Denial Esports, has reportedly been in contact with another esports organization with the proposal of a merger so that they can properly pay their Counter Strike: Global Offensive team what they are owed.
Leaked screenshots of messages being exchanged between Ringnalda and an anonymous CS:GO team sent to Break the Game on Wednesday shows the Denial CEO's desperation for money going as far as to ask for their contact to share an investor. In a later message, Ringnalda proposed the idea for the two teams to “combine [their] efforts” after mentioning how they had lost control of their players due to the substantial amount of money they owed them.
At different points in the history of Denial, Ringnalda's organization once fielded teams in almost every esport title with players in titles such as League of Legends, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Halo, Vainglory, Rocket League, Overwatch, and H1Z1. One should not be ashamed if they have not heard of this organization before as Denial was never able to break into the upper echelon of any esports scene despite their attempts at various titles. The rate of expansion with different teams was exciting as an esports fan, but also concerning as such a level of diversification is rarely even seen in established organizations such as OpTic, Cloud9, and TSM.
Denial Esports was thrown into the public eye last month after a Slingshot report revealed that the organization was in a state of disarray due to Ringnalda's inability to pay their players and staff who were on the verge of quitting. Ringnalda's approach to player payments was brought into question in 2015 following a statement made to Dot Esports in a report on the Denial Halo division on their tough stance regarding sponsorship activation and player compensation.
“Stop paying players if they stop promoting the brands that make the orgs tick,” stated Ringnalda. “If they have a problem then refer to the contract that was written that says they have to work with the org and promote the sponsors… Without sponsors this industry would be [one-tenth] of its size; they are very important. Every company contract should have a list of deliverables that a player has to follow. It is the org and the players job to make the sponsor happy.”
On Oct. 1, esports journalist Richard Lewis revealed that the organization's CS:GO players were forced to personally pay the rent and utilities of their gaming house which was put under their name instead of that of Ringnalda or Denial themselves.
In August, team H1Z1 had to give up one month's paycheck as Ringnalda was unable to allocate the funds to properly pay their players despite the team's winnings from the $300,000 Fight for the Crown tournament going directly to Denial. Lewis' report confirms the allegations by Pineaqples, a former Denial esports player, who announced the H1Z1 team's departure from the organization with $22,700 in salary and prize winnings still owed to the team.
"We have decided to leave Denial following a significant outstanding amount that is still due to my teammates and I," wrote Pineaqples. "As of posting this we are owed outstanding arrears totaling $22,700, including our Fight for the Crown winnings for the current and past members."
Denial has been tweeting since Sept. 2 that the organization has been working with their players to figure out the payment problems and promised that an official statement would be made once everything has been resolved. A public statement on this matter has still yet to be released, but one must bring into question Ringnalda's commitment to putting this nightmare to an end after it was revealed in a post on their personal Facebook page on Sept. 29, which has since been deleted, that the CEO was taking a vacation in Juno Beach, Florida.
Update: Three days after Lewis' report, Ringnalda released the following Twitlonger statement:
The driverless 18-wheeler is coming, most technologists agree. Great news for shippers. Lousy news for truck drivers.
About 3.5 million Americans earn their living driving a truck, and millions more drive taxis, Uber cars, delivery vans and buses. What will they do when technology eliminates the need for a human behind the wheel?
That's been the topic of more than one high-level discussion at this year's Milken Institute conference in Los Angeles, the annual gathering of financiers, business leaders and other potentates. Most of the 1 percenters gathered here won't be harmed at all when trucks drive themselves. But they worry about those who will be harmed, and what the blowback might be. “The Industrial Revolution produced Marxism,” warned Princeton professor Anne-Marie Slaughter, pointing out that moments of great progress also leave some people behind—and sometimes create tsunamis of populism that bring down elites.
Technology has been displacing American workers for at least two decades, and the disruptive churn finally produced a political shock in the election of Donald Trump as president. So the fate of truck drivers 10 or 20 years from now is something already familiar to millions of factory workers and others whose jobs are now done by algorithms, robots or other machines. But this trend doesn't seem to have crested yet, and could intensify rather than ebb. “We are seeing the decline of good-paying jobs that support middle-class lives,” Slaughter, who is president of the think tank New America, told Yahoo Finance. “We need to tell people to prepare for a different future.”
There's currently a shortage of truck drivers, which might be why the potential demise of the occupation gets the attention of people thinking hard about the future: going from a labor shortage to zero employment would be a stark economic devolution, if it ever happens. Technology creates new jobs and kills old ones all the time, of course; what's different now is the speed of technological change and the long lag while workers and government policymakers try to catch up, which can stretch to a generation.
Why elites worry about the future of truck drivers. (REUTERS/Andrew Cullen) More
In their debut year with the Top 25 under 25, Nikita Scherbak is already regarded at EOTP as a top prospect, ranking sixth overall in the organization and already ahead of others with experience in professional leagues.
Scherbak is an infusion of exactly what the Canadiens needed in their prospect pool; a very talented skater who has top-6 potential with an impressive skills package to make them an enticing player to envision in a future NHL role.  They are arguably their most talented prospect outside of the NHL and will be worth watching this season as they suit up once more for the Saskatoon Blades in the Western Hockey League.
It seems circumstances favoured the Canadiens, with the apparent "Russian Factor" leaving Scherbak available at 26th overall in the 2014 Draft. This allowed the team to select a much more talented player than likely should have been available that late, but given Scherbak's commitment to playing in North America, it should not be considered a concern. Theirs leaving the Russian hockey program and their commitment to playing in the WHL, along with various interviews, state a very firm intent to become an NHL player.
Scherbak's rookie season in the WHL was impressive, especially considering their circumstances as they posted a 28-goal, 50-assist effort, good enough for 23rd-overall in league scoring. In their first season on North American ice, they would lead both all of their Saskatoon Blades teammates and all WHL rookies in goals and assists, with a 19-point lead on the second-highest scorer among rookies and a 35-point lead on the second-highest scoring member on their team. This, again, is very noteworthy considering the Blades finished the season winning only 16 of 72 games, as the rookie Scherbak was their most dominant player despite it being their first season in the league without much talent around them to help.
Votes
Scherbak was very well-rated by a majority of the panel; only three voters held them outside of the top eight and no less than four voters considered them one of the top four players in the organization. I rated them at seventh due to their excellent profile, but left others ahead due to the brief resume that Scherbak has compiled so far. While they have a lot of potential, there is always some hesitation about an 18-year-old's future and ability to project their likely career path.
Strengths
Photo credit: Jeff Vinnick/Getty Images
To begin with, they have dynamic skating abilities. Scherbak has an explosive first step and blends it with strong agility, they are well-balanced and even displays strong lateral movements as well, it is likely further strength training will only add to their abilities and make them an even more dangerous skater.
Their stick skills are impressive. He's able to use their body to protect the puck very well and does very well controlling the puck even when moving at speed and assessing their offensive zone options. They employ a strong shot and their release is quick enough to keep goalies on their toes. Their offence is not limited to goal scoring either; they are an adept playmaker who can create a variety of scoring options with their passing play. Their offensive vision is another solid facet of their game, allowing them to exploit gaps in defensive coverage and find the best offensive option in a variety of situations.
While they were limited this year due to not being physically mature quite yet, they were definitely willing to engage in physical play and while not often an initiator, they had no problem facing the tough battles along the ice. They will likely improve in this area as they grow into their 6'2" frame.
Weaknesses
There are some critiques that their neutral-zone play lacks some awareness and that they will need to further develop their defensive responsibilities in order to be an effective player. Granted, since they are still just 18 years old this is hardly a unique criticism, given their overall development curve and praise for their hockey vision they will likely be able to mitigate any appreciable risk in their game.
There were also some notations that they need to better learn to handle contact, as they did not always protect themselves when they were being checked. A potential lack of anticipation in this category can be dangerous as top players are often the most targeted by the opposition.
Projection
With another year to play in the WHL and the Canadiens roster nearly filled out, one should not expect Scherbak to play a regular season game with the main club this season, or even next. Players such as Sven Andrighetto, Charles Hudon, Jacob de la Rose and Jiri Sekac lead them in the depth chart at present and since there is no immediate rush to skate them in the NHL, they can take their time and develop their game in the WHL.
Over the long term, Scherbak is possibly the team's best possible chance to develop a star forward and by the 2016-17 season they should be making a serious audition as a full-time member of the team. Their size and skills offer an attractive package that read as a very good chance to become a top-6 forward if not a top-line player. A lot will depend on how they build on their rookie WHL season of course, but right now they are definitely a high flyer in the organization and a very good potential cornerstone of the team's future.
While there is much competition in the organization these days for forward spots, Scherbak's profile argues that many of their fellow prospects may soon be competing against them more than they must compete against them.
Follow @RobertB_Rice
Scroll over the map to see which Minnesota counties had the most and least job growth from 2000 to 2013. Data comes from the Quarterly Census of Employment and Wages.
You can see that the counties that ring the core of the Twin Cities are varying shades of green, with the strongest job growth in the northwest suburbs.
The two core counties of the metro area have both sustained major job losses in the past 13 years, though, with Ramsey County down 4 percent and Hennepin County down 2.5 percent
Outside the metro, it's hit or miss. Pennington County in northwest Minnesota, as we reported in 2013, is a bit of an anomaly driven by the growth of one company, DigiKey. Jackson County in southwest Minnesota is also an anomaly. But 42 of the state's 87 counties posted a net job loss from July 2000 to July 2013, which is the period covered by the data. Find out where your county fits in.
So, we hasten to let you, dear fans, know that captain and in game leader of HellRaisers Kirill «ANGE1» Karasiev has signed an advance contract, under which they will play for HellRaisers until the end of 2017. It's a pleasure to see how the team has been gaining momentum recently. And now, when the coach role during matches is considerably decreased, a big responsibility laying on Kirill doesn't affect their individual play. It's an honor and pleasure to have one of the most experienced CIS captains in our ranks.
But such pleasant news is only a beginning! Today we announce that we're signing the fifth player. The sniper of our team is now young Hungarian player Bence «Deadfox» Böröcz. It didn't take DeadFox a lot of time to blend into the team, and since they did, he's been showing decent results. Thanks to them our five is showing great performance within the biggest league, EPL Season 4. It's noteworthy that HellRaisers continue fighting for reaching the final stage of the tournament taking place in São Paulo, Brazil.
Finally, our five is complete and we're able to fully focus on work. Let's wish our players luck!
Roster of HellRaisers.CS:GO:
Kirill « ANGE1 » Karasiev (captain)
Kirill « » Karasiev (captain) Vladislav « bondik » Nechiporchuk
Martin « STYKO » Styk
Martin « » Styk Patrik « Zero » Žúdel
Patrik « » Žúdel Bence «Deadfox» Böröcz
General manager of HellRaisers Maxim Bednarsky: «The latest results have shown that our team doesn't depend on individual performance of certain players. The team is progressing and is ready for new challenges. Today we've signed the very promising sniper who has blended into the team right from the first games of the new roster. Communication problems are behind now and we are finally able to please our fans with a more stable play at the highest level. I'd also want to mention the prolongation of the contract with our team's leader Kirill Karasiev. Kirill is one of the best IGL in the world, and with the new strength we're entering a new age of HellRaisers. Cheer for HR!»
Captain of team HellRaisers Kirill «ANGE1» Karasiev: «I'm glad to inform that I've decided to prolong my cooperation with HR for at least a year. I had a few really interesting offers, but I've made a decision in favor of our roster. I do believe in each of the guys, and I'm sure that together we will achieve great results. Our goal is to build a battle-worthy T1-T2 team (not only to take part in the major). I have returned to the captain role, and I'm sure that with the team's support and Johnta we'll achieve the target goal».
Player of team HellRaisers Bence «Deadfox» Böröcz : « I'm happy to be part of this team. They are hard-working people, which I like the most about them. I have high hopes that we will succeed on the upcoming events and I'm looking forward to it ».
Follow the team on the social networks!
Cheer for HellRaisers!
The Windsor-Essex County Humane Society in Ontario has apologized for a cat adoption ad that made light of a recently released tape of Donald Trump making sexually explicit comments about a woman over a decade ago.
The ad, promoting cat adoptions this week for $50, was taken down shortly after it appeared just before noon Wednesday.
It featured a photo of Trump and said, "You don't have to be a star to grab a pussy ... cat."
This image making light of Trump bragging in the tape appeared on the Facebook page of the Windsor-Essex County Humane Society in Ontario this week. (Windsor-Essex County Humane Society/Facebook)
Melanie Coulter, executive director of the humane society, told CBC News it was an attempt to make light of the U.S election campaign.
"We thought the U.S election is something everyone is talking about. It was intended to make light of it. It wasn't intended at all to make light of sexual assault or the comments about it," Coulter said. "It was making light of the fact this is all anyone has been talking about."
They said the shelter took in more than 100 cats in the last week and is trying to find them homes.
"We are obviously sorry if people are offended by the ad — that wasn't our attempt in the least," Coulter said. "Our attempt was to find homes for cats that need them."
The ad quickly drew criticism on social media, before it was ultimately pulled.
Facebook comments quickly sprang up after the Windsor-Essex Humane Society cat adoption ad went online. (Screen capture/Facebook)
A 2005 tape that has been the talk of the U.S. presidential race of late, and put Trump on the defensive, shows the Republican presidential nominee making crude comments about a married woman they had tried to seduce.
Trump is heard saying "did try and f--k them They were married," referring to an unknown woman. They also used graphic terms to describe the woman's body and said they frequently tried to kiss beautiful women.
"It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything," they said. "Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything."
Public Radio WBHM 90.3 FM Launches Magic City Sounds
Posted 02-9-2016 by Audrey Atkins.
======= Old =========1456554427 1455012483
Starting today, Public Radio WBHM 90.3 FM will air Magic City Sounds, a new project featuring the voices and sounds that make up the Magic City in brief audio segments. WBHM will air these daily fragments of life, engaging moments, and personal reflections on air throughout regular programming and on-line at MagicCitySounds.org. The station hopes that by recording these fleeting moments, they will create a living audio archive of Alabama.
“This project is very exciting because I believe everyone has a unique story, and sharing those stories allows us to build connections and learn about more about our neighbors,” says WBHM Assistant Producer Amy Sedlis. “Magic City Sounds allows us the opportunity to share real voices from real people right here in North Central Alabama.”
WBHM would like to invite the community to get involved. Details about how to record and submit a story or a particular sound can be found at MagicCitySounds.org.
“I can't think of another project so focused on what the city sounds like,” says Michael Krall, WBHM's Program Director. “Listeners will find these exchanges intimate, personal and informative all at the same time, and with the community's help, we're very excited to see what this project will become.”
Inside the home of a Romford hoarder
The house has been causing problems for three years Archant
“That's the worst one we've ever seen, we're gonna struggle to get in there.”
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Letters crammed against the front door Letters crammed against the front door
Those are the words of Havering's housing manager Nick Holland, who has just executed a public health warrant at a Romford address with contractor Chris Vincent.
After three years of hoarding-related problems, Harold Hill locksmith Tony Harvey has removed the board covering the front door to reveal the contents of the vacated home. And there's lots of it.
From floor to ceiling the hallway is piled with boxes, newspapers, plastic bags and indescribable junk.
I've never seen anything like it. Certainly not since my four sisters all lived at home.
"We had one house where the person was soiling in a bag and just throwing it across the room. The smell was so bad the contractor threw up." Chris Vincent - housing contractor
On the stairs are towers of tinned goods, books and more junk, quite neatly stacked considering. There are rat droppings outside the front door.
“We knew they were a hoarder,” said Chris, now resigned to the fact there's no proper entry route. “Hoarding is a mental condition. They seem to think everything is important, and build a barrier around them.”
Chris then explains the owner, who they finally spoke to two days ago, had told them a squirrel “broke into the house and caused the damage.”
“He still lives in the borough,” they add. “I told them what we were going to do and what would happen if it was as bad as I thought it would be, and they just said ‘okay'.”
Havering's housing manager said the house was the worst he'd ever seen Havering's housing manager said the house was the worst he'd ever seen
Hoarding disorder was officially recognised in May 2013 in the fifth edition of the Diagnostic & Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.
Compulsive hoarding is defined by the NHS as “excessively acquiring items that appear of little or no value and not being able to throw them away, resulting in unmanageable amounts of clutter.”
It can be associated with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), anxiety and depression, though Dr David Mataix-Cols, a senior psychiatry lecturer at King's College in London said recent research showed it is mostly “independent from other neurological and psychiatric disorders”.
Bereavement and a lack of family or friends have also been linked to the condition, which is still not fully understood by experts.
Hoarding Disorder In May 2013 Hoarding Disorder was officially recognised in the DSM-V – the fifth edition of the Diagnostic & Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, which contains all officially recognised mental disorders. It is found across all ages, ethnicities, genders, religions, education levels, and sexualities. St George's Hospital in south west London provides home-based treatments for hoarders with OCD, and assessment of people without an OCD diagnosis. Research shows it becomes a problem for people in their 30s, though the average age of a hoarder seeking treatment is about 50.
“We had one house where the person was soiling in a bag and just throwing it across the room,” said Chris. “The smell was so bad the contractor threw up.”
With the house swiftly boarded up again, Tony is off to their next job. They regularly carry out eviction and gaining entry work with their company Lockhouse Security to deliver legal papers.
“It's eerie,” they say. “Yesterday I was in a house and it felt like the occupier had just popped out. I was in a place where there was a knife near the door. I always observe a place first, no one has my back.
“It's not easy, there was one young couple who were trying to pay a mortgage and the woman fell pregnant. They just couldn't do it, couldn't afford it. But the landlords aren't being paid. It's hard for them too.”
Food cans line the walls Food cans line the walls
Chris is planning what happens next for the council.
“We've got to take drastic action, because they won't,” they explain. “We'll request they clear the property within 28 days, or 56 on appeal. But we don't expect them to.
“We then get contractors in and issue an enforced sale. It's the easiest way to get the property back. We sell it and take the money owed. The owner gets the difference.”
There are about 200 properties of this sort in the borough – though none as bad.
The stairs were stacked with junk The stairs were stacked with junk
“We must come down hard because it's causing problems for the neighbourhood and borough,” says Nick. “We go through an agent who sells it and it goes back on the market. Once it's brought back into use it's job done.”
“We're slowly getting there,” says Chris.
It's a long journey from start to finish, and one the neighbours endure more than anyone.
© Coconut Creek Police Dept. Renzo, a 4-year-old Belgian Malinois, was dismissed from the Coconut Creek Police Department after multiple biting incidents.
COCONUT CREEK, Fla. — A Florida police dog is being kicked off the force after biting a doughnut shop worker and an officer in separate incidents.
Officials say 4-year-old Renzo had been with the Coconut Creek Police Department for more than a year. The Belgian Malinois bit an officer in November while tracking a suspect. Last week, they burst out of a patrol car and bit a Dunkin' Donuts worker in the calf.
The South Florida Sun Sentinel (http://bit.ly/1JtxY9e) reports Renzo and Officer Carl DiBlasi went to the doughnut shop Feb. 11 to meet a police sergeant. The sergeant approached the patrol car and began to pet Renzo. The dog lunged at them and DiBlasi struggled to restrain him. Renzo broke away and bit the worker who was nearby.
The retired dog will now live with DiBlasi.
The Norfolk-born coach is not well known in England but their knowledge of South America has helped build one of Major League Soccer's most formidable teams
Major League Soccer's play-offs are well under way and it will not come as a surprise to hear that an Englishman is involved in the thick of the action. But eyebrows may be raised at the fact they are called neither Frank Lampard nor Steven Gerrard. In their debut campaigns for New York City and LA Galaxy respectively, the one-time Premier League A-listers ultimately came up short, allowing a perennial understudy to catch some of the spotlight instead.
Could MLS-style play-offs work in Europe's top leagues? Read more
Martyn Pert is a not a name that will be known among many football observers in England but within coaching circles they are highly regarded, not only for the breadth of their talent but also for their desire to test themselves abroad. After all, this is a man who spent 13 months as assistant manager of Bahrain and was appointed manager of Ecuador's biggest club, El Nacional, only to see their dream of taking charge of a team in South America cut short before it got going due to a change of ownership. Undeterred, Pert, who hails from Norfolk, simply packed their suitcase and moved on and now finds themselves back as an assistant manager, working alongside the former Wales midfielder Carl Robinson at Vancouver Whitecaps, the Canadian club who are threatening to take America by storm.
Vancouver have made the Western Conference semi-finals for the first time since they entered MLS in 2011 having come second in the division, their highest finish and one that resulted from a regular season in which they recorded their most wins (16), conceded their fewest goals (36) and beat the reigning champions, LA Galaxy, home and away. Galaxy, with Robbie Keane as well as Gerrard in their ranks, went out in the first round of the play-offs after losing 3-2 to Seattle Sounders, while New York City failed to qualify after finishing eighth in the Eastern Conference.
Whitecaps drew 0-0 with Portland Timbers in last weekend's semi-final first leg and will look to get the job done and progress to the Western Conference final – which is one step away from the title-crowning MLS Cup final – when they host Caleb Porter's men at BC Place on Sunday. “The first leg result was just wanted we wanted; we knew we couldn't win the tie in the first game but it was important not to lose it,” says Pert. “Now it comes down to a one-off game and we definitely feel we can beat Portland having done so already this season. We genuinely also feel we can win the play-offs outright. We've played well all season, from an attacking and defensive point of view, and there is a real belief we can go all the way. LA Galaxy going out early definitely helps.”
Pert's desire to help Whitecaps win the MLS Cup for the first time is undeniable, but understandably for a man with ambitions to be a manager one day the focus is largely on personal development. The former Norwich youth player began their coaching career by taking charge of their hometown club's under-14 team before moving on to various jobs in England, including academy coach at Cambridge City, fitness coach at Watford and assistant manager at Coventry. Then came their spell in Bahrain, working alongside the former England Under-21 manager Peter Taylor and which Pert describes as a “unique experience in so many ways”, before what should have been their first spell as the man in total charge.
Pert lasted just three weeks at El Nacional, who are based 2,800m above sea level in the Ecuadorian capital Quito, after the club's military owners sold up to a hedge fund company, Monaco Capital Group, in December 2012 and they opted to instead hand the task of managing the 13-times Ecuador champions to the Spaniard Manuel Tomé Portela. “They decided to get rid of me before I'd even had a chance to properly meet the players, which is a bit of a disaster,” said Pert when we spoke shortly after their dismissal, in January 2013.
The man from Sprowston, who holds a Uefa Pro Licence and has funded trips to clubs such as Milan and Ajax to further their coaching knowledge, returned to the UK that year to work as scout, coach and head of conditioning at Cardiff before their first season in the Premier League. The experience started well, with Pert playing a crucial role in the club's acquisition of Gary Medel from Sevilla, and the midfielder went on to excel not only for Cardiff but also for Chile at the following summer's World Cup. But when relationships began to fracture in the Welsh capital and the manager Malky Mackay and head of recruitment Iain Moody were sacked by Vincent Tan in late 2013, Pert decided to also depart. Shortly afterwards they joined Vancouver, a move that was neither expected nor desired.
“I had no interest working in North America – South America was where I wanted to be – and the opportunity to go there came out of the blue,” says Pert. “A friend of Carl's recommended me to him, largely because I'm fluent in Spanish and Portuguese and they like to sign players from South America as they feel they are best suited to their technical, possession-based style of play.
“I joined Vancouver in February 2014 and that December we went out there together to do some scouting. We've now got four players from Uruguay, two from Argentina and one from Chile. They've all fitted in well and that is showing by what we've been doing on the pitch.”
The standout performer has been the Uruguayan forward Octavio Rivero, who is Vancouver's top scorer this season with 10 goals, while Pert namechecks the Argentinian Matías Laba, a 23-year-old defensive midfielder who has captained their country at Under-20 level. “He's a very talented player,” says the assistant manager before going on to also single out the Costa Rican centre-back Kendall Watson, the Gambian winger Kekuta Manneh and the young American defender Tim Parker.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Parker, right, heads the ball while under pressure during Vancouver Whitecaps' goalless draw with Portland Timbers in the MLS play-offs last week. Photograph: David Blair/David Blair/ZUMA Press/Corbis
And then there is the former Wales striker Robert Earnshaw, who joined Vancouver's squad in March having also played for Chicago Fire and Toronto FC in the MLS. The 34-year-old has scored twice in nine appearances for the Whitecaps. “When Rob plays you can see they are still a top-class finisher,” says Pert. “More importantly, he's been a great influence on our squad, which is the youngest in the MLS with an average age of around 24.”
Rawness is a prevalent theme at Vancouver, with Robinson in their first stint as manager and Whitecaps as a whole still finding their feet in MLS having seen their application to become the 17th entrants of North America's premier division accepted by the MLS commissioner, Don Garber, in March 2009.
It has been a whirlwind six years for a club who played their first match in their original incarnation on 5 May 1974, and so it should not come as a surprise that they still lack certain obvious tools, such as a separate scouting department. Hence Pert and Robinson's regular trips to South America to find fresh talent and the rather quaint “player submissions” section on Vancouver's website that allows anyone to apply for a trial there. The options on the job application-like form include “primary position” and “strongest foot”.
“We also don't have our own training ground and so have to use facilities at a local university,” says Pert. “That makes what we've achieved even more special. Carl in particular deserves a lot of praise – this is their first job in management and he's taken to it fantastically. He's a real players' manager and has got the best out of every guy who takes to the field for Vancouver.”
And the club's supporters appear to appreciate the effort, with 18,000-21,000 of them filling BC Place for Whitecaps' home matches this season. “That's above the MLS average and while the atmosphere for most games in this division isn't very intense, largely because you don't get away fans due to the travel distance, those that turn up make a decent noise,” adds Pert.
“Overall MLS is growing and becoming more of a spectacle – I've seen that just in my time over here. The crowds have got bigger, the pitches have got better and the quality of players has massively improved, partly down to the superstars that have arrived in the last few years, such as Gerrard, Lampard, [Andrea] Pirlo and [David] Villa. They have made the league more attractive, for sure.
“The standard remains short of what you see in the other top leagues around the world, but it's improving because of the guys who have arrived here from Europe and South America. One thing that really stands out is the refereeing – it's a lot less lenient than back home, which makes MLS a much less physical league.”
Pert has settled not only professionally but also personally in Vancouver alongside their wife, Bela, and their young daughter, Sophia. They describe the city as a “wonderful place to live” and the message to British coaches and players is clear: follow the lead of not only himself, Robinson, Earnshaw, Lampard and Gerrard, but also of people such as Adrian Heath and Owen Coyle, the managers of Orlando City and Houston Dynamo respectively, as well as Nigel Reo-Coker, Liam Ridgwell and the Wright-Phillips brothers, players who are part of the MLS play-off mix.
“Working abroad is an education and for British coaches in particular a way to get to the top,” says Pert. “They can achieve the type of success that isn't available to them back home because most owners and chairperson in the Premier League won't give them a chance to manage their clubs. And if they do succeed abroad, that instantly improves their chances of getting a job in the Premier League.
“I would definitely like to be a head coach or manager one day, but where and when I don't know. For the time being I'm really happy at Vancouver, especially given what the club has achieved. This is proving to be a great adventure.”
If anyone were going to discover the connections between molecular structures, mathematical concepts and musical scores, it's not surprising that Markus Buehler would be the one. They have built their career on bridging the connections between disparate disciplines, asking simple questions as an approach to understanding the world.
Buehler grew up around engineering: Their father is a mechanical engineer, their mother worked in the automotive industry and their two brothers became engineers as well (one mechanical, one computer). During their youth, Buehler was drawn to understanding how things worked, and started designing and building electronic circuits when they were about 11. Soon after, they began writing programs to regulate common things around their house, such as the household's solar-panel system for heating water and their electric train setup, automating the switching of tracks. Later, they wrote programs that simulated the dynamics of stock trading.
In addition to building things, Buehler says, “I enjoyed breaking things apart to learn how they were made, and using what I had learned to build it again with a new approach or with improvements. I built a radio and an intercom system for our house by taking apart telephones. It took a couple of iterations, but I finally got it to work well.”
On the side, Buehler taught themselves how to play several instruments and began composing their own pieces. Though they no longer finds time to compose music, they enjoy sharing their musical interests with their children, including teaching them to play the guitar. Their passion for music has also come into play recently in their research, which found significant correlations between the structure of spider webs and principles of musical composition.
Simulating materials
During high school, Buehler was fascinated by chemistry and intrigued by how materials derive their properties from the structure of their molecules. After earning their PhD at the Max Planck Institute in Stuttgart, Germany, they went to the California Institute of Technology as a postdoc. That's where they began working on computer simulations of chemically complex materials, and began to incorporate such models in the description of biological materials — a specialty that has remained a cornerstone of their research ever since.
Photo: M. Scott Brauer
“I changed fields completely, but only in terms of the application of my work,” they say. Having done their doctoral research in materials science working on metals, they decided to focus on understanding features of natural phenomena, studying biological materials such as bone, spider webs or the proteins that make up the structures in our body's cells.
“I saw an opportunity to combine a chemistry-based approach with molecular simulations and multiscale modeling,” Buehler says. Such approaches can be used not only to understand the function of biological materials in their physiological context, but also to appreciate the breakdown of diseased tissues.
Between nature and engineering
Given their focus on biological materials, people often ask Buehler how they ended up on the faculty of MIT's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering — a field more traditionally associated with concrete and steel on the one hand, and oceans and ecosystems on the other. “My work falls in between these fields, at the interface between the natural and the engineering-built world” they say. “I saw an opportunity to work on projects that could be in useful for both sides. It's a unique combination to work at this interface, and a good fit for what I was interested in.” They were awarded tenure last fall.
Since joining the MIT faculty in 2006, Buehler has focused on understanding biological materials such as spider silk and the tangled masses of protein known as amyloids — primarily as a way to understand how their complex structures could improve the functional properties of manmade materials. They have also collaborated with their wife, whose experimental research at Harvard University focused on the interactions of cells with materials. “She has taught me a lot about biology, and how simulations might contribute to the field,” they say.
But “our focus is not to just copy nature” or the kinds of materials nature produces, Buehler says. Rather, he'd like to learn the underlying principles of how complex, hierarchical structures with useful properties can be assembled from the simplest of building blocks — and how engineers can actually apply such knowledge in different materials or in different problems altogether.
“Here, I feel like I have an opportunity to do something new,” Buehler says. “At MIT, we don't believe in keeping things the same, we continue to push the boundaries of innovation.” Civil and environmental engineering research “is no longer just about building bridges, it's about using nanotechnology and scalability to improve the materials we use to build and maintain our infrastructure, and to improve the interface between the natural and built world from the tiny atoms to the tallest of structures. It's exciting to be part of redefining this field.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Rev Courtney Stewart reads extracts of the "Jiizas buk"
The Bible is, for the first time, being translated into Jamaican patois. It's a move welcomed by those Jamaicans who want their mother tongue enshrined as the national language - but opposed by others, who think learning and speaking English should be the priority.
In the Spanish Town Tabernacle near the capital, Kingston, the congregation is hearing the word of God in the language of the street.
At the front of the concrete-block church, a young man and woman read alternate lines from the Bible.
This is the Gospel of St Luke in Jamaican patois - or more precisely, "Jiizas - di buk we Luuk rait bout im".
The sound of the creole, developed from English by West African slaves in Jamaica's sugar plantations 400 years ago, has an electrifying effect on those listening.
The language is what defines us as Jamaicans, it is who we are - patois-speakers The Rev Courtney Stewart
Several women rise to testify, in patois, to what it means to hear the Bible in their mother tongue.
"It's almost as if you are seeing it," says a woman, referring to the moment when Jesus is tempted by the Devil.
"In the blink of an eye, you get the whole notion. It's as though you are watching a movie… it brings excitement to the word of God."
The Rev Courtney Stewart, General Secretary of the West Indies Bible Society, who has managed the translation project, insists the new Bible demonstrates the power of patois, and cites a line from Luke as an example.
'Vulgar' words
It's the moment when the Angel Gabriel goes to Mary to tell them they are going to give birth to Jesus.
English versions read along these lines: "And having come in, the angel said to her, 'Rejoice, highly favoured one, the Lord is with you: blessed are you among women.'"
"Now compare that with our translation of the Bible," says Mr Stewart.
"De angel go to Mary and say to 'er, me have news we're going to make you well 'appy. God really, really, bless you and them a walk with you all de time."
Mr Stewart says the project is largely designed to bring scripture alive, but it also has another important function - to rescue patois from its second-class status in Jamaica and to enshrine it as a national language.
Image caption Jesus will be born... Luke, chapter one, verses 26-28
"The language is what defines us as Jamaicans," insists Courtney Stewart. It is who we are - patois-speakers."
The patois Bible represents a bold new attempt to standardise the language, with the historically oral tongue written down in a new phonetic form.
For example the passage relating the angel's visit to Mary reads: "Di ienjel go tu Mieri an se tu ar se, 'Mieri, mi av nyuuz we a go mek yu wel api. Gad riili riili bles yu an im a waak wid yu all di taim."
The New Testament has been completed by a team of translators at the Bible Society in Kingston - working from the original Greek - who intend to publish it in time for the 50th anniversary of Jamaica's independence from Britain on 6 August next year.
Image caption Most children arrive at school speaking creole, and need to learn English from scratch
But some traditionalist Christians say the patois Bible dilutes the word of God, and insist that creole is no substitute for English.
Bishop Alvin Bailey, at the Portmore Holiness Church of God near Kingston, argues that Patois is too limited a language to represent the nuances of Biblical text, and has to resort to coarse expressions to makes its meaning clear.
"I don't think the Patois words can effectively communicate what the English words have communicated," they say.
"Even those (Patois) words that we would want to use to fully explain what was in the original, are words that are vulgar."
A few Jamaican patois rules Plural nouns are made with the word "dem" ("they" or "them" in English) - so the plural of "uoli prafit" ("holy prophet") is "uoli prafit dem", and the plural of "enimi" ("enemy") is "enimi dem"
The past tense is marked by the word "did" - so "he lived" is, in patois, "im did liv"
The future tense can be marked with " a go" or "wi" ("will") - "Im a go siev" is "He will save", and "Yu wi nuo" is "You will know" Examples: Jos laik ou im did taak chuu im uoli prafit dem - Just like how they talked through their holy prophets
Im a go siev wi fram wi enimi dem - They will save us from our enemies
So yu wi nuo se wa yu ier a chuu - So you will know that what you hear is true
Many others see the elevation of patois as a backward step for Jamaica, in a globalised world demanding English.
The vast majority of children arrive at school speaking little apart from the creole of their ancestors, and teachers are under intense pressure from the government to replace it with English.
The head teacher at St Richard's Primary School in Kingston, Jacqueline Williams, says they can understand the policy, because people make up so much of what Jamaica exports.
"If they do go elsewhere they would have to have English as the language of communication," they say. "That's why it is being sold as our first language."
That pressure is felt by even by the smallest of the children in their smart uniforms playing outside the two blocks of brightly-coloured classrooms.
"A little child in our class who can only speak that way... is going to be embarrassed," says Mrs Williams.
"I think that esteem problems can develop because of it."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Two girls from St. Richard's Primary School in Kingston Jamaica, perform the Patois poem Cuss Cuss by Jamaican poet and activist Louise Bennett
Stigma
Linguists at the University of the West Indies in Kingston, who have been working on the translation, insist that patois is an authentic language, with its own tenses and consistent grammatical rules.
Dr Nicole Scott claims that the response to declining exam results in English - which has been to reinforce the emphasis on English - is counter-productive.
"Literacy in patois would help the students to appreciate the structures that are used in English," they say.
Dr Scott says the new system of writing used the in patois Bible is critical if language skills are to be taught in creole, and that the Bible holds sufficient sway in Jamaica to act as powerful model.
"I think it will be massively, massively, helpful. People will realise they can hear the word of God in their own language and understand it very well, this same language that has been stigmatised for so long."
Image caption Patois was developed from English by African slaves on sugar plantations
Faith Linton, a linguist of almost 80 who was one of the founders of the Patois Bible project, believes the way patois continues to be looked down upon threatens the very future of Jamaica itself.
From the balcony of their old plantation estate house on the north coast of Jamaica, managers once kept an eye on slaves working the sugar cane.
They spoke nothing but patois until they were 12.
"The damage is deeply psychological," they insist. "The patois-speaker feels inferior, full stop.
"Because the model is the white English man, their language and educational standards… and we have not been able to attain it.
"Out of this sense of inferiority will come violence, illiteracy, disturbed behaviour and damaged emotional attitudes. All those spring from the idea that my identity is inferior."
The reinstatement of suspended Okhla MLA Amanatullah Khan could lead to a fresh crisis in the Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) ahead of its national council meet on Thursday.
Kumar Vishwas, founder member, said that they were not happy with Khan's return to the party.
Moreover, Vishwas, who is known for their oratory skills, has not been allotted a slot to speak at the council meet according to the agenda shared among the members. They had, in fact, anchored the last four such meets.
“Among the four speakers at the meeting, senior party leader Sanjay Singh will talk on the economy, Manish Sisodia on Delhi government, Ashutosh on social media, Gopal Rai on organisation and Arvind Kejriwal will give the concluding remarks,” said a senior party leader describing the agenda of the meeting to be held in Alipur.
In May this year, after differences with the party's top leadership over Khan's allegations, Vishwas was given a ‘bigger' responsibility and made incharge of Rajasthan assembly polls — a post till then held by Kejriwal's close confidante Manish Sisodia.
Vishwas refused to comment on their name being dropped from the list of speakers, but reacted to the reinstation. “Amanatullah Khan, who is accused of instigating communal violence, is just a mask used by many people in the party who want me out. But I will continue to work and raise issues that matter” said Vishwas, who is camping in Rajasthan, over phone.
“Last time, party's leadership may have succeeded in pacifying Vishwas by putting Khan under suspension, and giving Vishwas the charge of Rajasthan, which goes to polls next year. But appeasing them another time would not be an easy task,” said a party insider.
“Vishwas is a senior party leader and a crowd puller. Their exit would be the party's loss ahead of Rajasthan polls,” they added.
First Published: Oct 31, 2017 10:51 IST
Does bitcoin have a friend in Donald Trump?
Investors are eagerly awaiting a decision by the Securities and Exchange Commission on whether it will approve the first exchange-traded fund to track cryptocurrency bitcoin, and the newly inaugurated president could be a powerful ally in their corner.
Last week, President Trump said “we can try to cut regulations by 75%—maybe more,” although they didn't give specifics. On Monday, they signed an executive order that is meant to severely cut the number of federal regulations, requiring two regulations to be eliminated for every new one created.
Jay Clayton, the Wall Street lawyer picked by Trump to be the next chairperson of the SEC, has also suggested they want to ease regulation.
But analysts cautioned that while approval was more likely given the anti-regulatory bent of the new administration, the bitcoin issue remained very much up in the air.
“Trump will ease the way, but that doesn't mean it's suddenly a sure thing,” said Phil Bak, the former head of ETF listings at the New York Stock Exchange. Bak noted that the cryptocurrency remained a volatile and complex technology, and that there was currently no easy way to short bitcoin—that is, to bet on a decline in prices.
“Market makers need to hedge, and the fact that you can't short bitcoin means there could be liquidity issues that make it trade off its fair value, which is a problem from the SEC's perspective. Plus, bitcoin is new and different, and there's no incentive for regulators to be innovative.”
Bak, who is currently the chief executive officer of ACSI Funds, which runs the customer satisfaction ETF ACSI, +0.18% said bitcoin's liquidity issues would be eased with the trading efficiencies that come with an exchange listing. Analysts have estimated that $300 million could enter the bitcoin ecosystem in the first week after a fund is approved. Bak said they would support the fund's approval.
“The SEC has to be extra prudent before approving something that's untested, but I believe the government has no right to tell people what they can and can't invest in; it's up to me to do the research before I buy something.”
The SEC has designated March 11 as the date by which it would either approve or disapprove the Winklevoss Bitcoin Trust ETF, which was the first such ETF filed, back in 2013. Two other firms have also filed for Bitcoin ETFs, including SolidX, which filed in July, and Grayscale Investments, which filed last week. Grayscale operates the bitcoin investment trust GBTC, -6.24%
The SEC declined to comment. A spokesperson at Winklevoss Capital could not be reached for comment.
Read: Here's one easy way to get exposure to bitcoin ahead of the Winklevoss ETF
Despite the possibilities under Trump's watch, other analysts have downplayed the odds of bitcoin ETF approval.
David Brill, the former general counsel for Gemini, recently said that passage was “unlikely.” Gemini is a bitcoin custodian and exchange run by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, who also operate Winklevoss Capital.
Earlier this month, Spencer Bogart, a bitcoin analyst at boutique investment bank Needham & Co., said that the probability of the ETF's approval was “very low.” They added that “we don't see any specific reason to disapprove the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF but, instead, think that the confluence of fear, uncertainty and doubt coupled with basic incentives at the SEC will make it very difficult.”
Bitcoin prices are notorious volatile, which could be a key hurdle from a regulatory standpoint. After spiking to nearly $1,200 earlier this month, prices subsequently plummeted to about $760 in roughly a week. Currently, bitcoin has a market cap of about $14.9 billion, according to the tracking website CoinMarketCap.
Graphic embed is no longer available.
“Regulations, especially financial regulations, will undoubtedly be looser under Trump,” said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors, which launched the first gold-tracking ETF GLD, +0.17% as well as the first ETF in general, the SPDR S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.07% “Now, you would think that would mean an easier passage for a Bitcoin ETF, and that may be true, but it remains way too early to tell."
House Speaker Ryan should resign their post, says Lou Dobbs, the radio host, and anchor of Lou Dobbs Tonight on Fox Business Network.
Dobbs Tweeted their resignation call Tuesday morning after Breitbart posted a pre-election recording of Ryan saying they would never defend President Donald Trump, and as multiple GOP legislators walked away from Ryan's Obamacare replacement proposal, the American Health Care Act.
In the audiotape, recorded Oct. 10, 2016, Ryan told their fellow GOP legislators that ““I am not going to defend Donald Trump—not now, not in the future.” Ryan spoke shortly after the public heard the Access Hollywood tape of Trump's conversation in which they said about women that “when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.”
Dobbs followed up their call for Ryan's resignation with two Tweets calling for the full repeal of Obamacare. One Tweet describes Ryan's proposed alternative as “RyanCare,” and said it is failing.
We Must Keep Our Promise to Fully Repeal Obamacare https://t.co/J8z57BJivJ — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) March 14, 2017
According to the leaked audiotape, Ryan said about their reaction to Trump's comments:
I am guilty. I have pre-ordered games. I have purchased season passes without full details of the contents. I have done these things based on my enthusiasm for the medium and faith in the publishers. That time has passed.
As a reporter covering the gaming industry, I have to look at things with a critical eye. I try to see things from multiple sides, including from that of the bottom-line driven publishers.
I understand that season passes and a la carte micro-DLC are crucial for a number of reasons. $60 per customer isn't quite enough anymore. Jobs are on the line, and DLC creates bridge projects to keep developers from being let go before they are needed for the next big game.
There are a lot of questions (most of them pointed) that pop up every time these items are announced.
Q: Why is DLC announced immediately before or after a game's release?
A: Publishers are capitalizing on enthusiasm and the “newness” of the experience. Gamers want a second helping before they've finished the first and are more likely to purchase content in advance.
Q: Why have season passes become so prevalent?
A: The closer to a game's release that DLC is sold, the more consumers psychologically view it as an “up-sell” rather than a brand-new purchase. An additional $20 on top of $60 might seem like a bargain early, but when it's $20 for DLC compared to $0 or, instead, $20 toward a new game, the odds aren't as much in the publisher's favor.
Additionally, there is a core rule of finance called “time value of money.” In other words, revenues collected for DLC that's not even released now is worth more than that same amount later. Those bundle discounts are calculated carefully.
Q: How can publishers expect us to buy season passes without knowing what's in them?
A: Put simply: historical data. You've done it before, therefore you'll likely do it again.
As a consumer, I've bought in a number of times. In most instances, I've been rewarded. NetherRealm hasn't let me down, and I'll likely buy the inevitable season pass for Mortal Kombat X.
So far I'm happy with what Activision and Bungie have put together for Destiny. I'll probably buy another expansion pass if offered (yes, I know this is a controversial opinion).
But I've noticed that as time goes on, more publishers are offering fewer details about pre-sold DLC. Timing has been getting fuzzier (BioShock Infinite is a prime example, even though the quality of most of the content was phenomenal). The amount of meat on the bone has varied between feast and day-after-Thanksgiving carcass picking (Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel broke convention with the season pass offerings of the previous two titles leading with a bonus character instead of story content).
Despite the wiggle room publishers are allowing themselves, consumers continue to purchase. Wallets continue to open based on two commodities: faith and enthusiasm.
Gamers purchasing season passes do so because they believe that developers and publishers will make good. The confidence to purchase add-on content comes from the faith that the core experience will fulfill all of the promises made leading to release.
A number of this fall's marquee releases cracked the industry's foundation. Driveclub, Assassin's Creed Unity, Halo: The Master Chief Collection, and even the online services themselves so susceptible to DDoS assault have introduced skepticism and doubt into the covenant between gamer and creator signed every time a purchase is made.
Faith in the industry's ability to deliver the experiences it promises has been questioned in a way we haven't seen since the video game crash of 1983. And, without that trust, gamers trade enthusiasm for weariness.
Publishers rely on excitement built through flashy trailers and enticing gameplay slices to motivate retail purchases. Without those initial buy-ins, the DLC conversation can't even begin. The enthusiasm to pre-order and follow through with a purchase (sometimes before the review embargo has even been lifted) is crucial.
Unless publishers correct course, both of these vital resources–faith and enthusiasm–will dry up. Gaming is an emotional experience and purchases are often made as such. A concerted effort must be made to nurture trust and excitement, and that means a shift in perspective from those selling content.
Consumers aren't stupid. They have seen what's been happening, and patience is starting to wear thin. We've heard it bandied about that gamers are “entitled,” and I agree.
Consumers are entitled to a product that works when it's purchased. Consumers are entitled to complain when that product does not function properly. Consumers are entitled to expect more from their years (sometimes decades) of relationship with publishers.
2015 needs to be a year in which trust is rebuilt. And it needs to start before the calendar page is turned. We're not off to a great start, unfortunately.
Today, Microsoft announced two limited edition versions of Halo 5: Guardians. Neither have been fully detailed, but you can go and pre-order a $250 Limited Collector's Edition with a statue you've never seen even in rough sketches. It's absurd, especially after the brand-weakening problems that have plagued Halo: The Master Chief Collection since its November 11 launch.
This is a mistake, and one that should not be replicated. The mysteries of the season pass should not be extended to game purchases that amount to over 70 percent of the price of the console on which they are played.
Gamers are still ready to be enchanted by games and give themselves over to the fantasy. In order for that to persist, they need to continue to feel good about buying in and that starts with respect. Publishers need to start treating customers as a vital part of the ecosystem once more and not rubes at the carnival.
Editor's Note: Ben's essay has sparked a great deal of discussion and debate. I plan to continue this debate in a series of essays from our contributors. I've attempted to frame the problem in this essay and you will be able to find all the "disruptive thinker" essays at this page as they are published.
For my generation, there is one profession that captures our imagination more than any other: Entrepreneur. This is especially true of those leaving the military and going to business school. It would seem logical for the military to find ways to blend the best of entrepreneurial and combat cultures in ventures like a joint Harvard Business School/Naval War College degree program.
Yet, in reality, the very word entrepreneur is met with blank stares by career servicemembers– and in some cases, viewed as an anathema. This is primarily because entrepreneurs see a need and without consulting higher authority, simply go ahead and try to solve it. Their very nature inclines them to disrupt the status quo. And of course, the one thing a vertically integrated organization like the military hates most is change. Or at least, change that wasn't decreed from on high.
Part of this stems from an antiquated, 1950s career model. A large bureaucracy thrives best when it can promote the average individual in a one-size fits all ascension program. This, however, necessitates sloughing off the highly talented instead of promoting them in accordance with their ability. For example, a younger, Marine reservist friend of mine can be a Vice President of Goldman Sachs, overseeing their Hong Kong branch by the age of 31, but would barely be commanding a Marine rifle company at the same point.
To be frank, and to use the words of Joshua Cooper Ramo, “we've left our future largely in the hands of people whose single greatest characteristic is that they are bewildered by the present.” This is mostly because our senior leadership grew up in a time when the internet was still a twinkle in DARPA's eye. The only flag officer I know of that consistently and effectively uses social media is Admiral James Stavridis. They also created cells of innovation among their subordinates, and implemented their suggestions rather frequently.
The future lies with those individuals who can see connections across a myriad of professions and intellectual pursuits. The mind that can see that a phone and entertainment device can be intertwined into something like, say, an iPhone. Or, an intellect that recognizes how secondary and tertiary networks are often more valuable than first-order relationships, thus creating something like LinkedIn. Or the strategist who understands that crowdsourced, horizontally structured non-state actors pose a greater threat to our security than Nation states.
A great part of this lies in how we educate our military members. We educate them in the art of war, but do so with a focus on mere tactics. We educate them when they are well past the age of agile and innovative thought. We preach adaptability, flexibility and maneuver warfare, but only do so in relation to the movement of military kit.
The average age of someone attending Harvard Business School is 27 years old. Most war colleges require at least a rank of O-4, and in some cases, O-5. By this point, most students are in their mid-30s. Creative impulses are largely repressed, and most go to get their check-in-the-block degree with no real intellectual rigor. It's considered a leisurely billet with plenty of time off where little studying need be done.
Harvard Business School compiles the best society has to offer – from politics, to non-profits, too military to tech, to entertainment and athletics. They get a myriad of viewpoints, classmates who have traveled the world in entirely different capacities, and the synergistic effect of diverse intellects. They push them hard, keep them busy, and encourage them to change the world.
The Naval War College has no civilians enrolled. Their diversity comes from other services, whose only difference in viewpoint comes from navigating a slightly different bureaucracy. Far from sending students there in their mid-20s who have just returned from the dynamic task of rebuilding a wartorn Afghan village, we wait until they've proven their mettle in the bureaucratic morass of a staff job.
There is a reason the likes of HBS and Stanford produce people who create multi-billion dollar, world changing organizations and our War Colleges don't. You can't innovate and have a long term impact if you are only surrounded by like-minded people. You must challenge closely held assumptions daily if you want to have an impact. This, again, is anathema to a career military person.
Furthermore, our war colleges teach doctrinaire procedures, not critical, creative thinking. They focus primarily on the tactical employment of forces rather than the strategic context those tactics play out in. Where are the courses on trends in physics like chaos theory? Behavioral economics and psychology? Investment strategy? Creating and adapting a dynamic balance sheet? True strategic leaders are generalists who can pull from a variety of interests, not hedgehogs who can only do one thing well.
The reason John Boyd was so successful was because they understood the world of thermodynamic physics and saw a connection with fighter aviation that their peers never could. Steve Jobs built elegant and useful technology because they explored calligraphy in college. It was the fact that they investigated beyond their respective professions that gave them a truly brilliant edge.
At the O-6 level and below, the military has voluntarily removed itself from heavy interaction with civilians. We've sent more of our graduate students to places like the Naval Post Graduate School instead of MIT in what is a very short term cost saving measure. We limit their creative potential to defined projects, instead of open-ended interaction with brilliant civilians in an unfamiliar environment.
Instead, the DoD should be partnering with our nation's preeminent institutions and create joint degree programs to promote cross-pollinating interaction. HBS and the Naval War College would be perfect partners. You give aspiring business leaders a view into strategic thought, and future strategists a glimpse of how an entrepreneurial culture is transforming our culture. And this doesn't even begin to address what happens after ad hoc alliances are formed between young, energetic minds of various professions.
As a result of the frustratingly single-minded education the military offers, a fellow officer and I started an organization designed to foster what we call a “disruptive mindset.” Our goal was to bring together intellectually curious officers with successful civilian innovators, get them to chat, and see what happened. We did this around a monthly syllabus designed to foster creative thought and new avenues of discovery. We call it Disruptive Thinkers, and it has started to change the shape of San Diego.
We've seen entrepreneurs team up with a Destroyer skipper to implement a new type of pump technology. We've had teachers use our wide-ranging syllabus with students as young as the fourth grade. We've helped develop the business plan for a disaster relief social entrepreneurial project. And we've even gotten four of our junior officer Disruptive Thinkers to sit on a panel at a recent USNI/AFCEA conference and proclaim the gospel of innovation in strategic situations.
It's military education without anything to do directly with the military. We've done topics on the future of energy, crowdsourcing, leadership, challenging established political institutions, and biomimicry. We've linked up venture capitalists and cryogeneticists with F/A-18 pilots and Surface Warfare junior officers. We've seen teachers integrate our syllabi into their fourth grade classrooms. Mostly, we've seen an excitement around ideas and a willingness to push innovation in the military that was not previously seen in our monolithic culture.
The most notable benefit is that our military peers are starting to see connections and relationships between seemingly mutually exclusive fields. They see the potential for new avenues of procurement, new ways of approaching battlefield problems, and most importantly, new ways of integrating the trends that are affecting every part of our world into their professional culture.
Orson Scott Card noted that “every officer learns how to function within the system that promoted him.” So we get officers who think small, don't understand the importance of broad understanding, and miss the trends that are shaping our world. We get procurement officials who buy $150 million strike fighters when the future may be in autonomous, cheap, swarming drones.
It's time we get leadership that understands the present. This necessarily requires understanding the context of our world. That context is not merely in artillery shells and Tomahawk missiles, but rather crowdfunding, horizontal management, social media and broad interaction with people not like us. Adaptable strategy requires the ability to consider everything, not merely one thing. The beginning of such thought is a Disruptive Mind.
As a publicist, I sometimes receive requests for advice or assistance from self-published authors. I have a great deal of admiration for anyone with the resolve to complete a novel, and to take on the enormous burden of publishing and promoting it themselves. I know that it's hard to promote any book, nonetheless a self-published one, and that in many ways the cards are stacked against these authors from the start, so I always try to share a little bit of advice in the hope that I can make their job just a little bit easier.
I've reprinted this advice below, but please don't treat it like words received from on high. Feel free to disagree, or add to the discussion via the comments button. I look forward to hearing from you.
Promoting a self-published title is a challenge. Here are the two major reasons why this is so:
(1) Although self-publishing and POD publishing don't carry as much of a stigma as it used to, a certain amount of prejudice still exists among otherwise reasonable reviewers–especially among the traditional press. Many of them feel that anything self-published only became that way because it wasn't good enough to get published by a regular publishing house, and for that reason, won't review anything self-published.
(2) Self-published titles normally don't come with any means of mass distribution. In essence, should a reader be influenced by a review in a newspaper or other periodical, they or they won't be able to normally find a copy of the book on the shelf at their local Borders or Barnes & Noble.
Naturally, just because critics feel this way, that doesn't mean that it's true. As the internet continues to grow and the means of production shifts to creators, most of these old-guard prejudices will probably start to fade. That being the case, you've still got to deal with the situation as it is right now.
Here's what I'd advise: Spend an afternoon on Google researching likely friendly venues for your book and the names of reviewers associated with them. From there, develop a list of maybe twenty potential contacts and email them directly. Offer them a copy of the book for review, an opportunity for an interview and maybe even offer to write a guest post on the book or a related topic later if they're interested.
Now, who is going to review the book? I'd start with small to medium sized book bloggers. Slowly build up word of mouth, and keep a sheet of choice excerpts from the best reviews. Once you have these, use them to approach the larger websites. They're far more likely to read your book if others have read it and enjoyed it. Yeah, I know, weird, huh? From there, you might be able to move up to magazine and newspaper guys and gals, but most of them want to have the book about 4 months in advance of publication.
You're going to have to do this as a “grass roots” style campaign, and build up word of mouth slowly and deliberately. You'll need to get yourself out there, talk to the fans and genre gatekeepers themselves. You've going to need to start a website to increase your aura of legitimacy. Finally, get on Twitter and Facebook and really talk to people in your core audience. Indirectly promote your personal “brand” that way. Don't make the mistake of spamming people with impersonal, sales-oriented messages.
Ultimately, you're going to have to bring your message directly to the people, and build your audience person-by-person. This can be your best hope of beating the odds and having a successful book.
Matt Staggs is a literary publicist and the proprietor of Deep Eight LLC, a boutique publicity agency utilizing the best publicity practices from the worlds of traditional media and evolving social technologies. They have worked in the fields of public relations and journalism for almost a decade. In addition to their work as a publicist, Matt is a book reviewer and writer whose work appears in both print and web publications.
US President Barack Obama (R) and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (L) participate in the second presidential debate, the only held in a townhall format, at the David Mack Center at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, October 16, 2012, moderated by CNN's Candy Crowley. AFP PHOTO /Saul LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images)
Obama's strategy, last night, seems to have been clear. The president wanted to wound their opponent early with the specific goal of forcing the public to see past the media hype and understand Romney for who they really are: an angry, out of touch tycoon itching to unleash their callous and destructive economic program like a wrecking ball swinging at the very foundation of working families across America.
And wound them they did.
If anything, the second debate will be remembered as the moment when President Obama crafted a performance that forced Mitt Romney into some of the most uncomfortable television moments ever hatched by a presidential candidate.
At several points, for example, Romney seemed so frustrated by the fact that they were falling behind in a question that they stood up and walked towards the president -- coming close enough for viewers to wonder if the debate was about to descend into physical altercation.
At other points, Romney fired short and insistent demands for answers at the President, as if Obama were a subordinate required to answer every obnoxious demand put to him. When Romney did not get the answer they wanted right away, they kept firing the same demands at him.
And at other points, Romney just sounded so peculiar that anyone watching could not help but (a) laugh out loud, (b) look around for hidden cameras or (c) start a parody website made from the exact wording of a Romney debate snippet.
One cannot attribute everything to Obama's early wounding of Romney, but the general frenzy and confusion that spurted forth from the GOP side of the rug last night was without question a product of a man quickly forced out of their comfort zone.
And what did we see of Mitt Romney? What did this wounded elephant reveal about himself?
What the public saw was an executive personality rooted in a deep, never challenged sense of entitlement -- a man visibly angered by challenges to their opinions, no matter how outrageous or rooted in falsehoods their opinions may be.
Even more startling, we saw a man unable to get themselves back under control once their buttons are pushed -- a hothead whose emotions get the best of them at precisely those moments that call for maturity and reserve.
All this added up to quite a menacing image of Mitt Romney as a potential leader. Curiously, this hostile side had yet to be revealed behind the endless repetitions that Romney is a man with no moral rudder that have resulted from their ever-shifting and contradictory policy positions.
Obama brought this out of Romney in the debate, last night -- a side of Romney that is not just unlikable, but threatening.
Thus, in an arena that has become so devoid of "ah, ha" moments with regard to campaign policy positions, the second debate proved to be a forum for evaluating the candidate's character.
If a large swath of the country is admiring Obama for standing tall again while they laugh at Romney for their odd "binder full of women" remark, we would be wise to reflect a bit more on the man we saw Mitt Romney become once wounded.
The news that Bitcoin and Ethereum have increased their transaction fees could seriously hinder their popularity, and trading ability. It has also allowed the lesser known and less popular cryptocurrencies, such as EOS and Dash to come forward and grow in popularity, especially since they have just announced that they are reducing their costs.Bitcoin have increased their transaction fees to $5 per transaction. This increase makes this cryptocurrency completely unsuitable for smaller transactions, which will reduce the chances of this virtual currency becoming an everyday currency, in the same way traditional ones are. The question that is worrying Bitcoin investors particularly is whether this increased fee means that it is heading towards its own doom.Despite promising that Bitcoin was going to be the future of global economy, the growing Bitcoin community has realised that it is actually full of false promises. The higher transaction costs are owing to the overcrowded network, but is making it harder and harder for people to make purchases with their investment, which has left investors incredibly frustrated.Some Bitcoin community members have expressed their opinion about the rising transaction costs and have suggested Ethereum as an alternative cryptocurrency. With this increase in popularity though, has meant that their transaction fees are also rising, which similarly to Bitcoin is making it harder and harder to make purchases with their investment, and almost impossible for small transactions. Ethereum is perhaps an unusual coin to see on this list, but as the market capital grows, so does their transaction fees, putting this virtual currency on the same list as Bitcoin and Monero.It is not all doom and gloom for cryptocurrency investors though, as some coins still boast a low fee. Take Dash, Litecoin and EOS for example. These coins have not seen a significant increase in their transaction fees, which is making them very appealing to investors. Unlike other coins, Dash has the option to do instantly-confirmed transactions through their InstantSend function, which actually costs ten times as much as a regular transaction, which has likely driven the average transaction higher than it could be. This just shows how low transaction fees could be.With cryptocurrencies becoming more and more mainstream, and common, investors are perhaps taking more risks with their investments, and this includes investing in lesser known coins, where you might not experience such a high price, as you would with say Bitcoin, which has hit the headlines this week for its huge price surge, but with smaller transaction fees, allowing you to make purchases more easily with your chosen currency.There are many sceptics when it comes to Bitcoin, with many professionals believing that it is an exclusive bubble that will come crashing down in time. Whether this recent increase in transaction fees is the start of Bitcoins demise is yet to be seen, and something that only time will tell; but it has been suggested that it will have a negative effect.
The line between freedom of speech and hate speech is really getting blurred. Ending last week Medianama broke a big story that the Indian Department of Telecommunications has issued orders to Internet Service Licensees for blocking 78 URLs. Interestingly, it was found that the entire list of URLs was targeted against the educational institute, Indian Institute of Planning and Management (IIPM) led by Arindam Chaudhuri.
Since then, the story has turned viral on social media as the orders passed by DoT didn't clarify why the blocking has been carried out. This rampant blocking has affected a bunch of well knowns as well as new publications such as Outlook Magazine, Careers360, The Times of India, FirstPost, Rediff, The Indian Express, The Economic Times, MensXP, etc. Obviously a clear case of silencing the voices that were vocal against IIPM and how it has been functional in the education system of India.
Mahesh Murthy, Founder at Pinstorm and a well known social media influencer, has also been affected by this blocking by DoT since they had a set of compiled links on Bitly against IIPM. Clearly blocking of these links adds one more chapter to the ongoing Internet censorship in India. However, this gave an opportunity to Mahesh to jump on social media and carry out the agitation against Arindam Chaudhuri and IIPM and it's policy to block the URLs.
Mahesh, who has 4,999 friends and more than 18K followers on Facebook, has been constantly updating on the rampant blocking of links. In addition to this, Mahesh who has more than 52K followers on Twitter and another 12K on Google Plus, has been carrying out the fight on the respective networks. And their fight has not gone unnoticed by IIPM. They have received a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notice. ((According to Twitter,” It will respond to reports of alleged copyright infringement, such as allegations concerning the unauthorized use of a copyrighted image as an profile photo, header photo, or background, allegations concerning the unauthorized use of a copyrighted image uploaded through our photo hosting service, or Tweets containing links to allegedly infringing materials.”))
According to Mahesh's update, the tweet that has been taken down had highlighted this fact with an image – “Arindam Chaudhari of IIPM spend on marketing is 24% to 67% of revenues. And on staff salaries 5%.”
The below screen grab shows the copy of DMCA that Mahesh had earlier posted on Twitter.
This blocking of links has taken several routes where at one end the Government had stated that it is going to appeal against the court order of blocking IIPM websites and at the other end Mahesh Murthy is leaving no stone unturned in their fight against Arindam Chaudhari led IIPM.
P.S. We are trying to contact Mahesh Murthy and IIPM on the DMCA notice and are waiting for their responses and future course of action. We will update as and when we hear on this.
URBANA — They've made new friends, started classes and figured out how to do a load of laundry without help. Now, it's time for a different kind of higher education for incom-ing University of Illinois students.
First Year Campus Acquaintance Rape Education — or FYCARE, a play on the now familiar "At Illinois, We Care" campaign to reduce sexual assault — will be taught starting today to about 9,000 to 10,000 incoming first-year student and transfer students.
The two-hour mandatory workshops focus on the dynamics of sex assault, ways to support a survivor, understanding consent and campus and community resources.
"It is a tough topic. Students know they have to go. We try to make it interesting," said Molly McLay, assistant director for the Women's Resource Center. They coordinate the program, which is entering its 21st year at the UI.
A professional with seven years of experience working with sex assault survivors, McLay's job involves getting about 150 peer educators trained annually to present the workshops in residence halls and classrooms all over campus.
"We do six a night, five nights a week for six weeks. We have enough peer educators that we can offer 30 workshops a week. We should be done by mid-October," they said.
The facilitators are also students, sophomores to seniors, who have taken three-hour credit courses in community health to prepare to lead the workshops for 40 to 50 students at a time. Besides a great resume item, they get paid a little.
In their training, they benefit from the wisdom and real-life experiences of professionals in the community like Champaign County Judge Tom Difanis, State's Attorney Julia Rietz and State Sen. Scott Bennett.
They are women, men, international students, fraternity members and sex assault survivors with a variety of majors, from social work to engineering, McLay said.
"This is their way of healing from the trauma," they said of the survivors who choose to lead workshops.
"Some of my students have been so inspired by this that they've changed their major or career path," they said.
'Understand the law'
So just what is the audience hearing in those two hours that might save them from a lifetime of regret or pain?
"We are helping students get a basic understanding of concepts like consent, what is coercion and what consent actually is. We talk about the way consent is impacted by drugs and alcohol," McLay said.
"We are not there to tell them what they can or cannot do. The main message is don't have sex with someone who is drunk. We want people to understand the law."
They talk about the physical and emotional effects that sex assault has on victims.
"Then we move into, one of the most important parts, if you as a student have a friend come to you and say they've experienced (sex assault) what should you do," they said.
Foremost is to listen and believe the person.
"Students want to help each other, but they haven't been taught how. Our inclination is to try to figure out what happened, take them to the hospital. It's more empowering for the survivor to be in control," McLay said.
'Rape myths' covered
In smaller groups, students "share their beliefs about rape myths" and go through scenarios like how to intervene if a friend is in a situation that could lead to them being harmed.
What if I wake up in a strange place? How or when do I contact police, get medical attention? What happens if I take those steps?
"We talk a lot about options," McLay said, with an emphasis on not judging.
Many students are less than thrilled about attending because "a lot think this doesn't apply to me. But the fact is, it might," McLay said.
National studies show one in five women and one in 16 men will experience an actual or attempted sex assault during their undergraduate career.
McLay said most students give the workshop a high rating. And they're not all depressed when they leave. "I think students come away from the class feeling more hopeful than despairing because they recognize there are a whole lot of people who do care and they want to make a difference," they said.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A booking photo of James Swearingen from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office.
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved A booking photo of James Swearingen from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office.
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) – A 44-year-old man who has been deemed a "dangerous offender" will have to spend at least 26.5 years in prison after they forced a man to perform oral sex on them at gunpoint.
James R. Swearingen was sentenced on Wednesday in Multnomah County Circuit Court.
The sentencing comes nearly 8 months after a jury convicted Swearingen of first-degree sodomy, unlawful use of a weapon, coercion and fourth-degree assault.
The reason there was such as large gap in time in between conviction and sentencing was because Swearingen had requested a new attorney and the Multnomah County District Attorney's Office sought an enhanced sentencing – meaning they wanted a harsher penalty. A special hearing was held in January and Swearingen was found to be a dangerous offender. It was also determined that they are likely unable to ever be rehabilitated.
Swearingen forced a 67-year-old man to perform oral sex on them while at a homeless camp near Cartlandia in SE Portland in August 2015.
"The defendant's use of the firearm went beyond a simple threat," prosecutors stated in court documents. "He placed the gun [to the victim's] head, fired at least one shot off into the distance, and pulled the trigger while the gun was pointed at [the victim]."
Under the state's dangerous offender statute, prosecutors can seek an enhanced sentencing for certain criminal offenses.
Among other factors, the jury and judge found that Swearingen poses a serious danger to the life and safety of others.
The sentence Swearingen received is a bit different than traditional cases.
Multnomah County deputy district attorney Melissa Marrero asked the judge to sentence Swearingen to a minimum of 26 years before they are considered eligible for parole, and asked that Swearingen receive an indeterminate sentence of 60 years in prison.
On Wednesday, Judge Kelly Skye granted both requests.
Swearingen will have to serve at least 26 years in prison before they are ever eligible to apply for parole.
After those 26 years pass, if the parole board were to deny Swearingen parole each time they requested it, they would ultimately be released on their 60th year in prison, making them roughly 104 years old.
In court documents Marrero wrote that the victim "begged for their life, but when the trauma became too much…he told [Swearingen] they could just kill them because [the victim] was no longer willing to continue their sexual victimization."
The victim was eventually saved from the attack by a woman who happened upon the "gruesome" scene. That woman, records show, repeatedly hit Swearingen with a large stick.
Swearingen made no apology in court on Wednesday.
At the hearing in January, they maintained their innocence.
What does it mean when we make spaces for everybody but cis men? Let's talk about gender separatism.
Whether or not we use longer descriptions aimed at framing the message in positive terms: “This is a space for cis women and transgender people” or “All lesbians, transpeople, bi- and heterosexual women are welcome” the intent is to create spaces where everybody but cis men can feel welcome.
There was a time when I loved this idea and these spaces. Cis men take up way too much space in the world. It's a damn relief to know I'm going to a space where I will not have to deal with that particular type of bullshit. I'd hate to see this type of separatism disappear altogether. Still, this approach certainly doesn't preclude other varieties of bullshit – and that's the stuff I'd like to interrogate.
Increasingly, I have come to view ‘no cis men' separatism as the following: spaces for anyone assigned female at birth and extremely self-assured and/or well-(queer)networked trans feminine people.
Who actually comes to spaces with this type of separatist policy? Who is technically included and not showing up?
There are many queer communities in Copenhagen. I'm talking about the one that populates Queer Festival and Queer Sauna… *** This one is extremely dominated by cis women and trans-masculine people. All transgender people are welcome in theory but the only a handful of brave trans women actually show up in these spaces with any regularity.
AFAB playground
As a person assigned female at birth I will always be welcome in no-cis-man-separatist spaces regardless of my gender identity. I am a cis woman. I enjoy playing with my masculinity, femininity, androgyny, and understandings of my body while living in the gender category I was assigned at birth. Transgender people who were assigned female are welcome in this type of separatist space at any point before, during or after any type of gender transition they choose to have - public or private.
This opportunity isn't afforded to most transgender people who were assigned male at birth. For them, joining no-cis-men-separatist spaces entails crossing a boundary and make a public declaration. This queer space is not open to people assigned male who are uncertain about their gender identity.
It's no wonder that I know many more non-binary people who were assigned female at birth than non-binary people who were assigned male at birth in our queer community. It's just not a very friendly gender playground for assigned male people. The gender you were assigned doesn't make you more or less non-binary… I thought that was the point.
Fear of penises and masculinity
It feels fucked up to be talking about people in groupings of what gender they were assigned at birth. I'm doing it because that's how I see the community operating. If we all agree that your genitals don't determine your gender or queerness why do I see so few penises at the queer sauna?
If you were born with genitals that doctors deemed penis and testicals, you are guilty until proven queer. If you were born with a vulva you are a potential queer community member until proven guilty. A sense of danger, brutishness, and violence is ascribed to the penis. We attach masculinity to penises even as we preach a norm critical philosophy of ‘genitals ≠ gender'.
Another message sent by no cis-men separatism is that masculinity is bad.. What about transgender people who love and embrace their masculinity? Are they welcome in our queer spaces? Transgender men and transmasculine people are welcome - on the basis of their assigned gender. Nowhere is this more explicit than when invitations state that ‘anyone with experience living as women or being socialized as a woman' is welcome. Again, we preach that your assigned gender doesn't determine who is a one is and then use it as grounds to include people in a separatist space.
Transmasculinity is welcomed as a challenge to gender but transgender people who are actually men? All that masculinity is a bit threatening, isn't it? Transpolitisk Forum will be taking on the issue of masculinity in queer and feminist spaces on 18 May at ‘Talk Town: Transfeminism and masculinity'. I'm excited to see a transfeminist perspective demand space in Danish feminist debate.
I want to hang out with queer men and queer trans women.
There are explicitly no-cis-men spaces and then there's everywhere else in queer Copenhagen that is pretty much devoid of assigned male people anyway. I've chosen to talk about the separatism because it's somehow an institutionalization of what's happening everywhere else anyway.
Let's be honest. It's not like EVERYONE is clamouring to get into our little queer party. I'm not suggesting that we should try to make straight cis men feel comfortable in our queer spaces. No, not at all. If they're not queer, queer spaces should make them uncomfortable. It's not supposed to be home-turf for everyone.
Let's collectively imagine something better. I want a queer space that is playful and welcoming for radical, political trans women and trans feminine people and all non-binary and genderqueer people. I also want a queer space that isn't afraid to look masculinity in the eye and interrogate it - not as a negative thing out there in the world but as something integral to many of us, and very precious to some of us.
And yes, I want to welcome queer cis men. Not only because I'm sure there are male assigned people out there who could be radically queer trans people if they were embraced. That too. But also because being cis doesn't mean you can't be queer.
What if queer spaces were for queer people. You don't no need to check your gender ID at the door - bring it on in.
Google Maps has just added a handy feature that will help users remember where they parked. This appears as a new menu option when you tap the blue dot, and will place a “P” icon on the map so you can find your way back to your spot. While remembering your parking location is something Apple Maps has done since the launch of iOS 10, Google's implementation is a bit more robust.
With iOS 10, Apple Maps will mark the location of your car with a pin when you disconnect your iPhone from Bluetooth or CarPlay. You also can edit the location of the vehicle in the map and add a note or a photo through Apple's Parked Location feature.
In the case that your phone is not connected via CarPlay or Bluetooth, you could use Apple's Mark Location feature instead.
Google, meanwhile, had already introduced its own proactive parking saving feature via Google Now, but it had worked by tapping into your phone's sensors and making a determination that you had most likely parked at a given spot.
Sometimes, you might see this information appear when it was unwarranted, however — like if you got off a bus or exited a taxi, Google says.
The new feature in Google Maps requires a manual entry, but this is actually a bit of an advantage over the guessing done by Google Now, because it allows you to input more information about your spot.
Like Apple Maps, you can add notes about where you parked — something that's helpful for jotting down cross streets or which floor of a garage you're on, for example. But Google Maps also supports adding multiple photos of your parking location — a common way people often note the parking space number in the garage, and then, via a separate shot, the floor, row, aisle and/or color code for the garage level itself.
In addition, Google's parking location saver will let you enter in how much time you have left at the spot. This is handy if you're in a temporary parking area (e.g. “two-hour parking”), or at a metered space. The time left is displayed on the map, and when it's due to expire, Google Maps will alert you via push notification.
The addition to Maps was spotted earlier by Android Police. It's especially helpful in urban areas, or when you know you're leaving your car parked for a long time and might forget — like at the airport.
Google didn't make a formal announcement about the parking saver, perhaps because the parking spot saver has not yet made its way to iOS. But the company did confirm with us it is indeed new.
The feature is currently available on Google Maps on Android (v. 9.49).
It is pledge season at fraternities and sororities all over the US. New initiates into these groups spend a chunk of their first semester engaging in all kinds of activities from the mundane (wearing an article of clothing to distinguish them from other members of the group) to the extreme. Occasionally, stories of hazing rituals make the news when a student is injured.
Fraternities and Sororities are hardly the only groups in the world that engage in extreme rituals. Anthropologists have documented all kind of practices from a variety of cultures that can be hard to understand for outside observers.
Clearly, these rituals have to serve some function. The speculation is that the most extreme rituals create some kind of social among the individuals who participate in them as well as those who observe them. A fascinating paper by Dimitris Xygalatas and several co-authors in the August, 2013 issue of Psychological Science presents a field study that provides some data to back up this proposal.
This study was done in Mauritius. The people there have a number of cultural identities including their as Hindu and their national identity of being Mauritian.
The researchers studied two rituals surrounding the Hindu festival of Thaipusam. One ritual involved a period of group singing and prayer. The second ritual was more extreme. In this ritual participants were given several piercings on their body, they had to carry heavy objects, drag a cart attached to their skin with hooks, and had to climb a mountain barefoot. In this second ritual, some people perform the ritual, while others observe it and walk alongside the performers.
Participants were tested either right after the prayer ritual or right after the extreme ritual. All participants would ultimately participate in both rituals in some way, so the results do not reflect that different types of people do the prayer and extreme rituals. The participants were given questions about their identity to determine whether they identified more than Hindu or more than Mauritian in that moment. Those involved in the extreme ritual as performers rated their level of pain. Those involved in the extreme ritual as observers rated the level of pain they perceived in others.
Finally, at the end of the study, participants were given an envelope with money (200 rupees, which is a lot of money for these participants). They were allowed to keep that money, but were also given the opportunity to donate that money to the temple. The donations were made in a private room where the participants were not being observed, but the experimenters had a way to track the amount of money given by each participant.
The people who performed the extreme ritual identified most strongly as Mauritian rather than Hindu. Those who were tested after the prayer ritual also identified as Mauritian, but much less strongly than those who performed the extreme ritual. Those tested after observing the extreme ritual came out in between in their identity.
The participants who engaged in the extreme ritual as performers or as observers donated significantly more money to the temple than those who were tested after the prayer ritual. The amount of money people gave following the extreme ritual was correlated with the level of pain they experienced or perceived in others. The more pain, the more that they gave.
This work suggests that extreme rituals have two important influences on communities. First, they increase people's identity with the group, particular at the time that those rituals are being performed. Second, they make people more likely to sacrifice their own personal resources for the group. Participants were paid a lot of money in this study, and yet those who had just performed the extreme ritual gave nearly all of it back to the temple. These benefits are an important reason why cultures keep performing painful and potentially dangerous rituals.
Follow me on Twitter.
And on Facebook and on Google+.
Check out my books Smart Thinking and Habits of Leadership
And coming in January, 2014, Smart Change.
Listen to my new radio show on KUT radio in Austin Two Guys on Your Head.
If recent Hollywood deals are any indication, science fiction on TV is about to get even more interesting and complex. The trend started with the surprising announcement in late 2016 that Lin Manuel-Miranda's next project—after completing their run on Hamilton and writing the music for Moana—would be to adapt Patrick Rothfuss' cult fantasy series The Kingkiller Chronicle for TV and film. Just in the past two months, three more gamechanging options were announced: HBO will adapt Nnedi Okorafor's Who Fears Death, award-winning filmmaker Ava DuVernay is working on a TV adaptation of Octavia Butler's Xenogenesis trilogy, and TNT has snapped up N.K. Jemisin's Broken Earth trilogy. All of these books represented major shifts for the science fiction genre and, until recently, would probably have been considered unfilmable.
To understand the magnitude of this change, consider the Xenogenesis trilogy. Octavia Butler published these cerebral alien invasion novels in the 1980s, shortly before they became the first science fiction author ever to win a prestigious MacArthur "genius grant." The books follow three generations of people after an advanced alien civilization of three-gendered, tentacle-covered creatures has created hybrid children with the dying, post-nuclear remnants of humanity. It's a multi-layered story about colonialism and survival, and it includes surreal scenes in which we enter the minds of aliens to experience their unique sensorium. Though critically acclaimed and widely read, the novels never made it to the screen.
One issue was pragmatic. Imagining these novels coming to life without a James Cameron-level budget is hard. Today, however, special effects are cheaper than ever. A clever combination of practical effects and CGI could render Butler's aliens and their biotech spaceships.
The other issue, however, was thematic. There's plenty of action in Xenogenesis, but a lot of the story is character-driven and involves weighty questions about freedom and identity. Until the last decade, most audiences expected science fiction to feel like Independence Day or Minority Report. Sure, you could argue that the various Star Trek series often got pretty thinky. But Star Trek never leaves us adrift in ambiguity, unsure whether things are going to be alright. In the wake of series like Battlestar Galactica, Game of Thrones, and Westworld, however, audiences appear to be ready for weird moral murkiness alongside dragons and cyborgs.
That's surely the appeal of Rothfuss' Kingkiller Chronicle novels, which come on like epic fantasy but quickly become a character study. The novels focus on a fighter and magician named Kvothe, who is telling their life story to a chronicler. Kvothe's family was killed by a supernatural, evil force when they were young, and he's devoted their life to finding it. What's interesting is that most people in their world doubt that this evil force exists and are dubious that magic is as powerful as Kvothe claims. Occasionally, we're left wondering whether Kvothe is exaggerating their adventures for the storyteller or if everything he's seen is all too real. With the Kingkiller Chronicle, we have a chance to see a fantasy story that's also a psychological investigation.
Science fiction audiences are also ready for a change of scenery. We've seen enough of the pseudo-Asian Blade Runner future, and urban American dystopias are a dime-a-dozen. That's why Nnedi Okorafor's tale of a post-apocalyptic Sudan makes for such compelling reading in Who Fears Death. They focus on a girl named Onyesonwu, whose mother was raped by enemy soldiers during an ongoing tribal war. As Onyesonwu gains experience practicing magic, they set out to find their mother's attacker—who also happens to be their father, another powerful sorcerer.
A luminous braid of magic and science, Who Fears Death offers us a look at a future world we almost never see in Euro-American science fiction. After soaking up the barren, gorgeous landscapes in Game of Thrones, it's not hard to believe that HBO could do justice to Okorafor's future Sudan.
Another kind of world we never see in science fiction is featured in N.K. Jemisin's Broken Earth trilogy. Though science fiction has brought us dozens of desert planets, tropical paradise moons, and city worlds, there are almost no examples of alien planets with a diversity of ecosystems and geological features like Earth. Jemisin uses their considerable knowledge of geology to build a world whose mega-continent is breaking apart, setting off volcanoes and wrecking its many environments. The planet's only hope comes from an oppressed underclass of people known as orogenes, who can control geophysics with their minds—possibly because they're connected to an ancient, forgotten technology from thousands of years ago.
Jemisin's main character, Essun, is an orogene whose mind has been shattered by trauma and perhaps overwhelmed by their powerful connection to the planet's inner workings. She's also the only person who truly understands how to stop the planet's dangerous "fifth season" of fire, ash, and starvation. Essun possesses a magic/technological power we've never seen in fiction before, and their globe-spanning adventures are ripe for serialized drama.
What these novels have in common is a shared interest in the psychology of their main characters. Though they are set in fantastical worlds, their protagonists' struggles are recognizable. They may have access to incredible science and sorcery, but they suffer from the same mundane troubles as humans on Earth today. They've lost their families; they are troubled by difficult romantic relationships; they feel like outcasts in their communities. And they aren't always the epic heroes of their own adventures. They might have grand destinies, or they might just be fighters on the line along with thousands of others.
Though these series transport us to other worlds, they aren't escapist in the traditional sense. More often than not, these novels force us to think about unpleasant things and identify with morally gray characters. Put another way, these are stories that do the work that drama has always done.
If these book options make it all the way to TV series, you might say they represent the ongoing fusion of quality drama with science fiction in mainstream media. But, of course, it matters that they are speculative tales rather than realistic. There are stories we can tell in worlds of magic, futurism, and science fiction that we just can't tell in a gritty realist series. Taking our worldly problems out of this world allows us to relax and entertain new ideas: after all, these are aliens and sorcerers, not actual human leaders and ethnic groups. We can sandbox our everyday beliefs and preconceptions, and ask the fundamental questions.
The future of TV isn't just entertainment. It lies in stories that invite us to think about where we want to go as a species and what we are willing to sacrifice to get there.
Trying To Understand Murder And Suicide
The sports world was shocked when Jovan Belcher killed their girlfriend and then took their own life last weekend. Their death is raising many questions, and has people wondering what leads someone to take such extreme measures. Host Michel Martin speaks with psychologist Thomas Joiner, author of the book Myths About Suicide.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
This is TELL ME MORE, from NPR News. I'm Michel Martin. Later in the program, we are going to go on a trip via a new play: "Pullman Porter Blues." The production tells the story of three generations of African-American porters, a job that was both revered and reviled for reasons the play makes clear. We'll speak with playwright Cheryl West and one of the stars of the play later in this hour.
But first, we want to talk about a story that people inside and outside of sports are still talking about and trying to understand. Last week, the Kansas City Chief's Jovan Belcher shot and killed their girlfriend and the mother of their child, Kasandra Perkins, and then later drove to the team's practice facility, where they took their own life.
We want to emphasize here that we understand that two people lost their lives in this tragedy, but we are going to focus today on Jovan Belcher's decision to take their own life, in part because suicide is actually much more common in this country than homicide, but ironically far less discussed and perhaps understood.
So we've called upon Thomas Joiner.  They are a professor of psychology at Florida State University. They have studied suicide thoroughly. He's the author of "Myths about Suicide," and they join us now from member station WFSU in Tallahassee, Florida.
Professor Joiner, thank you for speaking with us.
THOMAS JOINER: Good to be with you, Michel.
MARTIN: And in the spirit of full disclosure, I do think it's important to mention that both you and I have been touched by this issue ourselves in our own lives and in our own families. So with that being said, the Centers for Disease Control say that in 2010, the last year for which we have numbers, suicide was actually the 10th-leading cause of death in the United States.
And do you share my perception that, in fact, it is much less discussed as a cause of death than most others?
JOINER: Yes, I do share that. I mean, I think we're making progress on this front. People are understanding that this is a major killer, that this year in the U.S., for instance, we'll lose, you know, approximately 40,000 of our fellow Americans to death by suicide. So people are starting to come around to the fact that it's a major public health menace, but we've got a long ways to go. People aren't as compassionate and as sympathetic as they are, you know, for example, when someone dies suddenly by heart disease or stroke, for instance.
MARTIN: What's the number one myth that you think people have about suicide?
JOINER: You know, one that immediately springs to mind has to do with cowardice, the idea that taking your life is cowardly or weak. When you think about it even for a moment, that logic starts to break down. It's actually an incredibly fearsome and daunting thing to do. We're just not wired for it.
You know, therefore, to die by suicide means you have to stare death in the face. It's really hard to do, and it really has nothing to do with cowardice or weakness. You can see this most clearly in people who have very, very strong desires to die. Sometimes they even enact a plan to die, and yet in the last moments, they can't enact suicide because it's simply too difficult and too daunting.
MARTIN: The first question I think most people would ask when they hear of a situation involving suicide - whether it's in their own lives or a family member or a celebrity like Jovan Belcher - is why.
JOINER: Well, there are theories about why. And, in fact, a major preoccupation of my own work here at FSU in Tallahassee is to develop a theory as to why. Our theory is that it's a three-factor phenomenon. If people have in their minds the idea that they're a burden on others - in other words, that their deaths will be worth more than their lives - number one.
Number two, if they feel like they're hopelessly alienated from others, just cut off and lonely. If they feel those two things, our theory suggests that that will produce the desire for suicide. But as I alluded to a moment ago, desire's not sufficient. You've got to also have developed a certain fearlessness of physical ordeal. And that's the third factor.
When those three factors co-occur in the same individual, that's where you see these catastrophes.
MARTIN: Is that, in part, why - and the statistics bare this out over a number of years - that women are more likely to attempt suicide, but that men are more likely to actually succeed?
JOINER: That's our view. When you measure this fearlessness idea - and we have ways to do that - when you measure it, it is much more, you know, common in men than it is in women, and it just tracks the death rate, the gender ratio, in suicide, which is four to one in the U.S. It's a considerable difference. For every one woman who dies by suicide, four men do.
MARTIN: Is it common for someone who commits suicide to also take someone else's life, too? Again, we don't want to ignore the fact that Jovan Belcher took someone else's life in advance of taking their own, and I'm just interested in how the two of those acts intersect. What do we know about that?
JOINER: Very little. It's a woefully under-researched phenomenon. I myself am I trying to change that in my own work, and I do have some thoughts about it. But for starters, you know, every day in the United States, we lose about a hundred of our fellow Americans to death by suicide. And that fact alone is worth pausing over and pondering, that today alone in this one country, there's going to be a hundred people who take their lives.
Of those 100, on average, two of those - two out of the hundred - involve murder-suicide incidents. So, in a sense, it's quite rare. But on the other hand, it's frequent enough that it occurs pretty much every day in this country. So that gives you some sense of the rarity, but also that it's a common, daily occurrence that we really need to understand a lot more about.
MARTIN: If you're just joining us, I'm speaking with Professor Thomas Joiner. We're talking about some of the common misunderstandings about suicide. We're talking about this, as you might imagine, in the wake of the Kansas City Chiefs' professional football player Jovan Belcher's decision to shoot and kill their - first their girlfriend, then themselves last week.
You know, I just used the word decision. Do you agree with the use of that word?
JOINER: I think that - I mean, in a sense, I definitely do, if you're referring to the decision to die.
MARTIN: Yeah.
JOINER: I do think that's part of it. But I would rush to add that I, at least, think that 100 percent of these deaths are spurred, in one way or another, by mental disorders. By that, I don't necessarily mean florid, extremely obvious mental disorders. They can be ones that aren't, you know, moderate depression, for instance. People can keep that internal and private and not really, you know, reveal it to others, and yet be suffering quite a bit.
So when you include those kinds of conditions, my view is that 100 percent are spurred by mental disorders, and mental disorders certainly cloud decision-making and cloud judgment. So that definitely has to be factored in.
MARTIN: The Kansas City Chief's head coach Romeo Crennel, who witnessed Jovan's death, they were asked at a press conference on Monday whether he'd seen anything to suggest that Belcher had been in such distress that would cause this. And this is what they had to say.
(SOUNDBITE OF PRESS CONFERENCE)
COACH ROMEO CRENNEL: Now you're trying to make me a psychologist, and I'm not a psychologist. I don't know what made them snap. I was surprised, you know, so I can't answer that question.
MARTIN: You know, that leads to another question that I have: Are there warning signs that people could pick up if they were attentive to them?
JOINER: Frequently there are, but crucially, not always. So the ones that are the most common are - well, first of all, the very obvious one is where people are just talking about how they desire death, or how they're planning their suicides. That may seem painfully obvious, but it gets neglected time and time again that that's an important warning sign.
Some other ones are sleeplessness. Insomnia is really actually an ominous warning sign, especially when it's accompanied by talking of death. Another one is social withdrawal, where someone who used to be more or less engaged with friends, family, so forth, just all of a sudden markedly withdraws socially. But it's important to add that there are some deaths by suicide, and Mr. Belcher's may have been one such death, where, really, none of these were apparent. And the death simply does come out of the blue, where no one really could have seen it coming.
The death of another NFL player, Junior Seau, was like this, as well, all though Mr. Seau did, I think, exhibit one of the warning signs in the days before their death, namely insomnia. But, besides that, no one could see it coming. Their state of mind seemed to be good. Their mood seemed to be as it usually was, which was pretty upbeat.
MARTIN: But the other point I have to make is - is it, in part, the nature of people's interactions with other people? Is it - you wouldn't necessarily know if they were experiencing those things? I mean, the fact is, in Belcher's case, they had a new baby in the house and, you know, people with a new baby in the house don't sleep a lot.
JOINER: Exactly. I mean, that's part of the definite complexity here is that there are times where you just won't know either because the person won't reveal it, they're keeping it secret or private, you know, or because the warning sign, like insomnia, can be attributed to something else.
So there's no doubt it's complex. It's not an easy read. I mean, actually, sometimes it is. There are cases where it's just real obvious that something's going badly wrong and this is a dangerous crisis and that happens and, when that happens, people should react. But there are other times when these deaths really do come out of the blue and no one could really see them coming.
MARTIN: But, if you do see some of the warning signs that you have just shared with us, let's say you are a colleague, you're a neighbor, you're a family member. What should you do?
JOINER: I think one of the best resources of all is the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. If you just call 1-800-273-TALK, you'll get on the phone with someone who can help. They know. They've been through this before. They know the local resources. They know what to do, so if you're worried about yourself or if you're worried about a friend or family or colleague, that's a great place to start right there and they have a terrific website, as well. If you just Google 1-800-273-TALK, that website will pop right up. It's really, really high quality information.
MARTIN: And, finally, before we let you go, mentioning again that, you know, I'm sorry for your loss and also for mine. It's not a secret here that, you know, I lost my brother to suicide two years ago and I know that you lost your father.
JOINER: Mm-hmm.
MARTIN: What would be helpful to say to someone who is experiencing this? I mean, I know that, you know, people want to be helpful, but oftentimes, people say things that are painful, not because they're being mean, but because they really don't know what to say. Do you have a recommendation here?
JOINER: I do. And I think getting in the mindset that this is a sudden death, just like if somebody died from a stroke or from a heart attack. It's the same thing as far as the bereaved are concerned. They've suddenly lost, in a very devastating way, a loved one and so just good-hearted caring sympathy and compassion.
You know, if we can get our society in a mindset where we're thinking about these conditions much like we do cancer and heart disease and stroke, then everybody will be better off. I think we'll be better positioned to prevent these deaths in the first place and will be better positioned to be compassionate to those who are bereaved by suicide.
MARTIN: Thomas Joiner is a professor of psychology at Florida State University. He's the author of the book "Myths about Suicide." He's with us from Tallahassee.
Professor Joiner, thank you for joining us.
JOINER: Thank you, Michel.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Talk host: Time for Obama to fight back or prepare to be 'swift-boated' Nick Langewis
Published: Thursday May 22, 2008
|
Print This Email This GoLeft TV's Mike Papantonio sees a pending "swift-boating" for Senator Obama as the "Karl Rove filth machine" brings back seasoned Republican operative and Bush ally John Timothy Griffin to work for Senator McCain's presidential run. Papantonio worries that the Democrats could take the same advice from the same brand of "intellectual advisors" that had Senator Kerry's doomed 2004 presidential campaign staying largely silent on accusations of "flip-flopping" and "elitism" in addition to the infamous "Swift Boat Veterans for Truth" attacks on their service in Vietnam. "Griffin," they go on, "was dealing with such brain-dead, spineless opposition in the Kerry camp, that Kerry never thought it was a good idea to do the same thing to 'the Shrub.' Instead, Kerry just sat back above the fray." Griffin, the McCain campaign's Director of Research, brings their experience from their time as Deputy Research Director for President Bush's 2000 run. They would also serve as a legal advisor for the "Bush-Cheney 2000 Florida Recount Team" during the battle that would culminate in Bush being awarded the presidency by the Supreme Court in Bush v. Gore. Griffin would later work as aide to White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove from September 2005 to September 2006. Journalist Greg Palast also uncovered e-mails that implicated Griffin as part of a vote caging scheme in the run-up to the 2004 election, thought to target 70,000 voters, including soldiers, students and people of color with mailing addresses in heavily Democratic districts, for disenfranchisement. Unless the Democrats and the Obama campaign hire a "bottom-feeding, Griffin-like reptile" of their own, warns Papantonio, Democratic voters are in for a repeat of the 2004 campaign. The entire installment of "The Pap Attack," entitled "Warm & Fuzzy Democrats," is available to view below.
SACRAMENTO – A 12-year-old girl is prohibited from bringing aspirin to California public schools without a note from their mother or father – but in many California districts they may sign themselves out of classes, leave their junior-high campus without parental permission, secretly have an abortion and return to school before the end of the day – and their own family may be none the wiser.
Parents and educators across the state have been in heated debate over school policies allowing children to be excused during class time without parental notification for “confidential medical services” such as abortions, birth control, and drug and mental health services.
They can't educate our kids, but they'll help them get abortions! Education elites have given us the ‘dumbest generation' – It's all in “War on Children: How Pop Culture and Public Schools Put Our Kids at Risk”
California's San Juan Unified School District sought to change its own policy from one that prohibits students from being absent without parental knowledge except during medical emergencies to guidelines that would allow a student to leave for a “confidential medical appointment.”
San Juan Unified School District proposed policy change
Brad Dacus, founder and president of Pacific Justice Institute, a legal nonprofit, addressed the board at a school-district meeting in Carmichael on Nov. 17 to discuss the policy, along with hundreds of concerned parents who flooded into the meeting and filled the district building lobby.
After much debate and input from the public, the San Juan Unified School District voted 3 to 2 against the policy change. Parents clapped and cheered when they heard the decision.
“We are pleased that the San Juan school board listened to the community and abandoned this disastrous proposal,” Dacus said in a statement. “This is a victory for everyone who believes in parental responsibility and local control of school decisions.”
They were debating changing the current policy to reflect school administrators' interpretation of California Education Code 4601.1, which states:
Commencing in the fall of the 1986-87 academic year, the governing board of each school district shall, each academic year, notify pupils in grades 7 to 12, inclusive, and the parents or guardians of all pupils enrolled in the districts, that school authorities may excuse any pupil from the school for the purpose of obtaining confidential medical services without the consent of the pupil's parent or guardian.
Pacific Justice Institute staff attorney Matt McReynolds told WND the statute is ambiguous and only says the districts may dismiss students, not that they are required to do so.
“If you use general principles of statutory construction, as we lawyers do in interpreting these things, ‘may' is very different than ‘must,'” they said. “It doesn't say they must dismiss them, which is how the ACLU, Planned Parenthood and the National Youth Law Center interpret it. It is a district-by-district decision on whether they will tell parents.”
McReynolds said a district is not required to become an “accomplice” when children opt for these services without their parents' knowledge.
“It doesn't mean students have to be dismissed during the school day to go do it,” they said. “They've got afternoons and weekends if they're bent on doing that. You don't have to make the school a party to it.”
McReynolds questioned how children as young as 12, 13 or 14 would be transported to clinics for “confidential medical services” if they are unable to drive and choose not to inform their parents.
“They can't drive themselves anywhere, so some adult or somebody with a driver's license would have to get them to those so-called ‘confidential' medical appointments that aren't so ‘confidential' after all when you really think about it,” they said. “You're talking about an older boyfriend, a boyfriend's parents, maybe even a school official? Somebody has to get them there when they're that young.”
McReynolds argues that hiding medical issues from parents may endanger the health and wellbeing of a child.
“A parent who is 100 percent legally and morally responsible for taking care of their minor child may have no real ability to do so if they don't know that their child just had a major medical procedure,” they said. “Or in the case of counseling, they may have no idea their child is dealing with substance abuse or suicidal thoughts or any number of other things.”
Asked whether a parent might successfully sue if any school district that releases a child for a “confidential medical appointment” and a child's life is endangered, McReynolds replied, “I think they would. We have raised that possibility.”
But Rebecca Gudeman, senior attorney at the National Center for Youth Law, told the Sacramento Bee, “The great majority of children will involve their parents in such issues – reproductive health and mental health. It's the 25 percent we care about, in abusive households or in families that don't believe in mental health care.”
Planned Parenthood spokesperson Raquel Simental said they did not agree with the district's decision.
“It's the law that they have access to these services,” they told KCRA-TV.
The Pacific Justice Institute has also had success battling similar policies that allowed students to sign out without parental knowledge in other districts, including Modesto, Fairfield-Suisun and San Diego. According to KCRA-TV, Sacramento, Natomas, Twin Rivers and Elk Grove school districts still have policies allowing children to leave campus for “confidential medical services” without parental consent. McReynolds said several California school districts still have similar policies.
They said no lawsuit had been filed with the San Juan Unified School District. The move toward a policy change was recently initiated by school administrators.
“Planned Parenthood and the ACLU tend to always threaten these school districts with lawsuits if they vote differently than those groups want them to vote,” they said. “They claim it would be illegal, but they've never actually filed a lawsuit when the school district adopts a parent-friendly policy.”
Should a school face a lawsuit for maintaining a policy that requires parental notification, McReynolds said Pacific Justice Institute has offered to “defend any school district that gets embroiled in an actual lawsuit.”
WND reported in 2004 when California Attorney General Bill Lockyer issued an opinion that said schools are required to enact confidentiality policies. But amid a grass-roots campaign organized by a traditional-family lobby group, Lockyer backed off their opinion.
McReynolds said many parents aren't aware of guidelines at their childrens' schools. But they said all parents should ask their own school administrators whether their children may be excused without consent, even families who live outside California.
“It's really important for every parent, whether their kids are in public or private school, to find out what the school policies are,” they said. “You never know. See what kind of answers you get.”
The Secret Service, already stretched thin trying to provide security to President Trump and their large family, has now found itself unable to pay hundreds of agents on the White House protective detail, according to a report on Monday.
Secret Service Director Randolph “Tex” Alles said more than 1,000 agents have already reached the federally mandated salary caps and overtime allowances for the entire year, USA Today reported.
“The president has a large family, and our responsibility is required in law,” Alles ​told the newspaper​. “I can't change that. I have no flexibility.”
​He said 42 people under Trump require protection, including 18 members of their family. Only 31 people required security teams during the Obama administration.
In the first seven months of the Trump administration, agents assigned to the president traveled with them nearly every weekend to one of their properties in Florida, New Jersey and Virginia.
They also accompanied Trump's family members who have taken business trips and vacations in the US and abroad, Alles said.
The compensation has become such a critical concern that Alles said they have begun discussions with lawmakers about raising the salary and overtime cap for agents to $187,000 from $160,000 – at least for Trump's first term.
Even with that bump, Alles said about 130 veteran agents would not be fully compensated for hundreds of hours they've already logged, the newspaper reported.
Since the January inauguration, Trump has traveled to their Mar-a-Lago Florida estate seven times, to their golf resort in Bedminster, N.J., five times and to Trump Tower once, the report said.
The General Accounting Office said manpower and equipment costs to protect the president during their jaunts to Mar-a-Lago cost about $3 million each trip, the newspaper said.
The Secret Service has spent nearly $60,000 on golf cart rentals this year as its protects Trump on their golf courses in Florida and New Jersey.
In a statement issued later on Monday, Alles said they have enough funds to last through September and acknowledged that the pay problem isn't unique to the Trump White House.
“This issue is not one that can be attributed to the current administration's protection requirements but, rather, has been an ongoing issue for nearly a decade due to an overall increase in operational tempo,” Alles said.
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.), the ranking Democrat on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, has talked with Alles about the pay problem and has pledged to find a permanent solution, their spokesperson, Jennifer Werner, told USA Today.
“We cannot expect the Secret Service to be able to recruit and keep the best of the best if they are not being paid for these increases (in overtime hours)​,​”​ Werner told the news outlet.​
​Rep. Trey Gowdy, the chair of the panel, is “working with other committees of jurisdiction to explore ways​ in which we can best support” the Secret Service, the South Carolina Republican's spokesperson Amanda Gonzalez said.
Alles said the agency is involved in a campaign to hire more agents that they believe will eventually reduce the workload. They said the goal is to go from the current 6,800 agents and uniform officers to 9,500 by 2025.
“We're making progress,” they said.
Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat from Montana, has ticked off many members of their party during their 35 years in office. Baucus co-wrote the Bush tax cuts in 2001, is an advocate for tax reform, and warned months ago that the Affordable Care Act, which they shepherded through the Senate, would be a “huge train wreck” if the government didn't improve its outreach to consumers. Republicans are hoping a win in Montana can help them gain control of the Senate in 2014, and while Baucus, who is unpopular there, already said they wouldn't run next year, Democrats are getting them out of their hair even more quickly. Senate aides revealed Wednesday that President Obama will nominate Baucus to be their ambassador to China.
The senator's early departure may boost their party's chances in Montana, as it will allow Governor Steve Bullock to appoint a fellow Democrat to fill their seat. The interim senator, probably Lieutenant Governor John Walsh, could then run in the red state as an incumbent this November.
As the Washington Post notes, the move also silences a “credible critic” of the Affordable Care Act. Baucus, who chairs the Finance Committee, has been pushing for congressional oversight of the health-care act's implementation, but that's less likely to happen after he's gone.
Oh, and they know a thing or two about China! Baucus led the successful effort to admit China to the World Trade Organization, pushed to establish normal trade relations, and has traveled there eight times as a senator. They share many of the administration's views on the nation, so presumably that's the main reason he's getting the job. But being on the administration's list of Democrats they'd like to see less frequently probably made the decision easier.
The launch of China's first commercial airliner built using 3D printed components will pave the way for greater adoption of 3D printing technologies in the sprawling country, according to IDC.
The C919, built by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, took its maiden flight on 5 May 2017, marking a historic moment in China's aviation industry. The aircraft has a range of up to 5,555km and can carry up to 168 passengers.
3D printed titanium parts were installed on C919 to reduce the aircraft's weight and increase its safety. Twenty-eight cabin door parts and two fan inlet structural parts were also installed on the aircraft.
Under the country's Made in China 2025 masterplan, the Chinese government has earmarked the development of aerospace equipment and 3D printing as key growth drivers of China's manufacturing industries.
“We will see more use cases on the adoption of 3D printing technologies in the aerospace industry,” said Wendy Mok, IDC's research manager for imaging printing and document solutions.
Mok said the suppliers of the C919's parts have proven the value of adopting 3D printing in the manufacturing process.
“The success of C919's maiden flight implies the use of 3D printed parts on airliners has been recognised by the aviation industry in China,” they said, noting that the demand for 3D printers and metal powders will grow accordingly.
Besides China's booming aviation market, which is expected to become the world's largest by 2024, the transformation of its rail and automotive industries is also fuelling the demand for advanced 3D printing technology and diversity of materials.
According to the IDC worldwide semi-annual 3D printer tracker, China's metal-based 3D printer market size in 2016 was 181 units, a figure that will grow fourfold over the next three years.
However, imported 3D printers, which are more reliable and have been proven in related industries, will still hold a significant competitive advantage over domestic ones in China's high-end manufacturing sectors.
“Market players such as 3D printer suppliers, material suppliers and service bureaus should have a comprehensive understanding on the market segments and their related development trends,” said Mok. “With the right market positioning and entry point, these market players will be able to gain more returns on the fast-growing 3D printing market.”
Jump to Section Evidence for miRNA Dysfunction in Psychiatric Disorders SZ BD MDD ASDs Discussion Clinical Implications Future Studies Conclusions Appendix A. Supplementary Materials References
Emerging research links miRNAs to BD with several studies showing significant alterations in miRNA expression levels in postmortem cortical brain tissue from affected individuals (Table S1Table S1 in Supplement 1Supplement 1). A few of these studies were run in parallel alongside SZ studies discussed in the preceding section. Kim et al. (22x22Kim, A.H., Reimers, M., Maher, B., Williamson, V., McMichael, O., McClay, J.L. et al. MicroRNA expression profiling in the prefrontal cortex of individuals affected with schizophrenia and bipolar disorders. Schizophr Res. ; 124: 183–191
Abstract | Full Text | Full Text PDF | PubMed | Scopus (184) | Google ScholarSee all References22) used another TLDA array to analyze postmortem DLPFC tissue samples of individuals with BD and healthy control subjects (BA46) and identified seven miRNAs (miR-504, miR-145, miR-145*, miR-22*, miR-133b, miR-154*, and miR-889) to be upregulated, with a further eight miRNAs (miR-454*, miR-29a, miR-520c-3p, miR-140-3p, miR-767-5p, miR-874, miR-32, and miR-573) downregulated in individuals with BD compared with control subjects. Moreau et al. (41x41Moreau, M.P., Bruse, S.E., David-Rus, R., Buyske, S., and Brzustowicz, L.M. Altered microRNA expression profiles in postmortem brain samples from individuals with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Biol Psychiatry. ; 69: 188–193
Abstract | Full Text | Full Text PDF | PubMed | Scopus (154) | Google ScholarSee all References41) also analyzed miRNA expression in BD with multiplexed qRT-PCR alongside their SZ study and found a slight trend toward downregulation of miRNA expression, with 24 miRNAs downregulated in the prefrontal cortex (BA9). By contrast, Miller et al. (42x42Miller, B.H., Zeier, Z., Xi, L., Lanz, T.A., Deng, S., Strathmann, J. et al. MicroRNA-132 dysregulation in schizophrenia has implications for both neurodevelopment and adult brain function. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. ; 109: 3125–3130
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (167) | Google ScholarSee all References42) observed the opposite in their microarray analysis of BA46, with 10 miRNAs upregulated. More recently, Smalheiser et al. (43x43Smalheiser, N.R., Lugli, G., Zhang, H., Rizavi, H., Cook, E.H., and Dwivedi, Y. Expression of microRNAs and other small RNAs in prefrontal cortex in schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and depressed subjects. PloS One. ; 9: e86469
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (78) | Google ScholarSee all References43) reported a fairly balanced distribution using a TLDA array, with four miRNAs upregulated and five miRNAs downregulated. Banigan et al. (44x44Banigan, M.G., Kao, P.F., Kozubek, J.A., Winslow, A.R., Medina, J., Costa, J. et al. Differential expression of exosomal microRNAs in prefrontal cortices of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder patients. PloS One. ; 8: e48814
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (87) | Google ScholarSee all References44) analyzed the miRNA content of exosomes from DLPFC (BA9) with a Luminex Multiplex Assay (Luminex Corporation, Austin, Texas) and qRT-PCR validation and discovered just one miRNA, miR-29c, to be upregulated. The SNP rs1625579, which affects miR-137 in SZ, was also found to be functionally associated with individuals at risk of BD (45x45Whalley, H.C., Papmeyer, M., Romaniuk, L., Sprooten, E., Johnstone, E.C., Hall, J. et al. Impact of a microRNA MIR137 susceptibility variant on brain function in people at high genetic risk of schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Neuropsychopharmacology. ; 37: 2720–2729
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (53) | Google ScholarSee all References45).
Although there is no direct evidence of dysregulated miRNA biogenesis in BD, valproic acid has been shown to induce proteasomal degradation of Dicer, which causes a general downregulation of miRNA expression (46x46Zhang, Z., Convertini, P., Shen, M., Xu, X., Lemoine, F., de la Grange, P. et al. Valproic acid causes proteasomal degradation of DICER and influences miRNA expression. PloS One. ; 8: e82895
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (22) | Google ScholarSee all References46). These observations suggest that this mood stabilizer used for treatment of BD may have some influence on psychopathology through the modification of miRNA biogenesis.
Despite substantial heterogeneity of miRNA identified in association with BD, a few miRNAs have appeared in multiple studies (Table 1Table 1). Several of these miRNAs, including miR-29c, miR-132, and miR-106b, have also been associated with SZ suggesting there may be common pathways that are affected by small RNA molecules in these psychotic syndromes. In particular, miR-132, mentioned earlier, has been implicated in the circadian clock machinery, which is associated with BD and depression (Supplement 1Supplement 1) (47x47Etain, B., Jamain, S., Milhiet, V., Lajnef, M., Boudebesse, C., Dumaine, A. et al. Association between circadian genes, bipolar disorders and chronotypes. Chronobiol Int. ; 31: 807–814
Crossref | PubMed | Scopus (31) | Google ScholarSee all References47). Further investigation of these more robust miRNAs and their target genes should provide insight into the development these disorders, and these miRNAs could potentially serve as biomarkers and new drug targets.
I think I won the SS lottery. My Santa has been just great - right from the start they sent me messages to keep me updated on my gift and I could tell they were putting lots of effort into it. Unfortunately I missed the parcel getting delivered but I decided to get up really early so I could collect it from the delivery office and put my Santa out of their misery.
It was so lovely getting personalised gifts. My santa knew that I am a total bibliophile and took it upon themselves to bulk up my little library - which had me squealing like a small child in a bookstore. Not only did they send me books I've been wanting to read but also sent me books I didn't even know existed and now cannot live without!
They clearly looked into my interests getting me things to do with my obsessions; Doctor Who, The Hobbit and Harry Potter. I wasn't the only one getting spoilt though my Santa also then went on to spoil my pets and my Mother with little gifts tailored to them. The christmas cards to help fill my Mum's doors were especially thoughtful.
Thank you so so much for all the effort you put in and for making this years Secret Santa a wonderful one! You truly are an excellent person, it warms my heart to know their are people like you out there. :)
Synopsis
Efficiently do things like:
struct PrintFunctor { template <typename T> size_t operator()( T& s) { std::cout << s << std::endl; return sizeof(T); } template <typename T> size_t operator()(size_t i, T& s) { std::cout << i << ": " << s << std::endl; return sizeof(T) + i; } }; int main(){ auto tuple = std::make_tuple("Hello", 12, 'w'); PrintFunctor functor; // Print 'Hello' tupleExt::run(functor, 0, tuple); // Print '12' size_t size = tupleExt::get(functor, 1, tuple); // Print 'is size 4' (Or whatever sizeof(int) is on your system). std::cout << "Is size " << size << std::endl; // Print 'Hello', '12', 'w' each on its own line. tupleExt::iterate(functor, tuple); // Print '0: Hello', '1: 12', '2: w' each on its own line. tupleExt::iterate_i(functor, tuple); // Print 'Hello', '12', 'w' each on its own line. // but also returns a vector with all the sizes mapped. std::vector<size_t> sizes = tupleExt::to_vector(functor, tuple); // Print 13 -- the addition of all the types in the tuple std::cout << tupleExt::fold(functor, tuple, 0) << std::endl; }
Working with Tuples
Tuples can get a little annoying to work with in C++ if you aren't used to working with tuples in a statically driven language. For instance, in python, this is perfectly acceptable:
tuple = ("Hello", 12, 'w') for i in range(0, 3): print(tuple[i]);
Analogously, in C++:
auto tuple = std::make_tuple("Hello", 12, 'w'); for(int i = 0;i < 3;i++) std::cout << std::get<i>(tuple) << std::endl;
Gives the following error:
the value of ‘i' is not usable in a constant expression. note: ‘int i' is not const
This highlights the troubles with tuples in a static language — C++ must know at compile time exactly what type that ‘std::get' needs to return, and to do that it needs to know the value of ‘i'.
Remember: std::get isn't a single function you are passing the variable N to. It's multiple functions(one per element in the tuple) and you are specifying which one to use with N.
What we really need is something that knows how to print any given type in our tuple. Something like:
template <typename T> void print()( T& s) { std::cout << s << std::endl; }
So much like std::get is a set of functions, one per N, this print function is a set of functions, one per type T given to it. What we want to do now is something like:
auto tuple = std::make_tuple("Hello", 12, 'w'); for(int i = 0;i < 3;i++) std::cout << run(i, &print, tuple) << std::endl; // Will not work!
But since print isn't a single function, we can't dereference it quite like that. What we can do though, is use a functor which has the print definition in it:
struct PrintFunctor { template <typename T> void operator()( T& s) { std::cout << s << std::endl; } };
And then do:
auto tuple = std::make_tuple("Hello", 12, 'w'); PrintFunctor print; for(int i = 0;i < 3;i++) { // Will work, once we define the 'run' function. std::cout << run(print, i, tuple) << std::endl; }
The Run Function
And now we only need the run function.
The basic strategy for doing operations on tuples is to start at the 0th element and recursively walk through to the next element, to the last element. We can create our run function with this same pattern:
template <std::size_t N = 0, typename F, typename... Args> auto inline run(F& f, const size_t i, const std::tuple<Args...>& t) -> typename std::enable_if<N == sizeof...(Args), void>::type { } template <std::size_t N = 0, typename F, typename... Args> auto inline run(F& f, const size_t i, const std::tuple<Args...>& t) -> typename std::enable_if<N < sizeof...(Args), void>::type { if(i == N) f( std::get<N>(t) ); else run<N+1, F, Args...>(f, i, t); }
But what about ‘efficient'?
Since our run function starts at ‘0', and tries each index in succession, it has a run-time of O(n). For a function that simply runs against one thing at an index, this is non-viable in general.
If we think about how this code looks after inlining, it should look like this:
if(i == 0) f( std::get<0>(t) ); else if(i == 1) f( std::get<1>(t) ); else if(i == 2) f( std::get<2>(t) ); ... else if(i == sizeof...(Args) - 1) f( std::get<sizeof...(Args) - 1>(t) );
If we saw this code like this, we'd want to replace that if chain with a switch statement; which would jump to the right function call immediately. In fact, one might suppose the compiler sees the above, and optimizes exactly into a switch statement which does a jump (constant time) based on me. We can easily test this — if run(print, 0, tuple) runs as fast as run(print, N-1, tuple), then the switch optimization happened.
We'll test it with:
template <typename... T> static auto make_2(T&... t) RETURN( std::make_tuple(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_4(T&... t) RETURN( make_2(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_8(T&... t) RETURN( make_4(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_16(T&... t) RETURN( make_8(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_32(T&... t) RETURN( make_16(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_64(T&... t) RETURN( make_32(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_128(T&... t) RETURN( make_64(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_256(T&... t) RETURN( make_128(t..., t...)) template <typename... T> static auto make_512(T&... t) RETURN( make_256(t..., t...)) int g = 0; // We use this so that our operator isn't a no op, and gcc can't optimize it out // entirely. struct TestFunctor { inline int operator()( const std::string& s) { return g+=s.size(); } }; int main(int argc, char** argv){ TestFunctor f; std::string s("Testing"); auto data = make_64(s); // 128 and up crash my gcc... int i = argc == 2 ? atoi(argv[1]) : 0; for(int z = 0;z < 1000000000;z++) tupleExt::run(f, i, data); std::cerr << i << std::endl; // Print our index used std::cerr << g << std::endl; // Sanity check -- should be constant // regardless of i. }
On my machine (gcc 4.7.2), I get the following:
$ g++ -std=c++11 -O3 tupleTest.cc -o tupleTest
$ time ./tupleTest 0 0 -1884901888 2.144 secs
$ time ./tupleTest 63 63 -1884901888 33.103 secs
So we can conclude that it in fact does not optimize it for us. Notice that clang 3.2 gave me similar results. Now, if we could demonstrate that the compiler did the heavy lifting for us, there would be arguments for and against leaving our code like this. But two out of three mainstream compilers that can operate with variadic arguments this large don't, so realistically we need to find another approach.
Implementing a jump table
If the compiler doesn't do it for us, we'll have to make a jump table ourselves.
The basic idea behind being able to do this is that, while each std::get function returns a different type, and each functor operation takes in a different type, the composition of both operations has the same signature — namely, it takes in a functor and a tuple, with no return type. (It is straight forward to implement one that returns a value, so long as the return types are all consistent/covariant — see ‘get' in tuple_ext.h).
Our basic strategy is going to be this: Define an array of functions of our desired type — void(Functor&, std::tuple &) — with the same size as the number of elements in the tuple — sizeof…(Args). On the first pass through, populate this array with a function that handles each tuple element(Linear time, for those who care). On each subsequent time through, simply execute the function at the desired index in the array against the passed in tuple and functor.
template <typename F, typename FT, std::size_t N, typename... Args> auto inline make_jumptable(FT* jump[sizeof...(Args)]) -> typename std::enable_if< N == sizeof...(Args), void>::type {} template <typename F, typename FT, std::size_t N, typename... Args> auto inline make_jumptable(FT* jump[sizeof...(Args)]) -> typename std::enable_if< N < sizeof...(Args), void>::type { jump[N] = [](F& f, const std::tuple<Args...>& t) { f( std::get<N>(t)); }; make_jumptable<F, FT, N+1, Args...>(jump); } template <typename F, typename... Args> auto inline run(F& f, const size_t i, const std::tuple<Args...>& t) -> void { using FT = void ( F&, const std::tuple<Args...>& ); static FT* jump[sizeof...(Args)]; static bool init = false; if(!init){ make_jumptable<F, FT, 0, Args...>(jump); init = true; std::cout << "Test!" << std::endl; } jump[i](f, t); }
So instead of ‘run' being recursive, we created a ‘make_jumptable' recursively defined function which fills in our jump table. Since this recursive bit is only called the first time, every time after that is constant. With this new code, our test runs return:
$ time ./tupleTest 0 0 -1884901888 3.183 secs $ time ./tupleTest 63 63 -1884901888 3.168 secs
This confirms that it doesn't matter the index of the desired element, we are running in constant time.
That isn't actually sufficient to show that time access is constant — we also have to make sure that accessing the first element in a tuple with 1 element has roughly the same run-time as accessing the last element of one with sixty-four elements. Rerunning against an 8 tuple (under the assumption that anything smaller than 5 could be optimized specifically) returned similar results — over a couple of runs the times averaged out to be roughly the same.
Also, tests were run against just directly using std::get the same number of times. The results being that our ‘run' function is roughly half as fast as std::get. This is roughly in line with intuition though — empty virtual functions are about twice as slow as direct, and what we are doing is roughly analogous to virtual functions (if virtual template functions were supported, we'd be using them instead to do this).
In theory, the generated machine code could be faster. Since we are using an array of function pointers, there is no way for the compiler to inline the actual composed function call. But it isn't by any means slow either.
Other Functions
From this, and the last post, we have the working for both direct access operators into a tuple and iterative operators into a tuple. From there we can define a whole host of functions.
iterate_i : Iterate, except we pass the index into the functor as well.
: Iterate, except we pass the index into the functor as well. get : Implemented nearly identically to run, except with a return value. Note that all possible functions must return types convertible to the one we wish to be returned from get.
: Implemented nearly identically to run, except with a return value. Note that all possible functions must return types convertible to the one we wish to be returned from get. to_vector : Equivalent to creating a vector the same size as the tuple, and then calling ‘get' into each spot in that vector.
: Equivalent to creating a vector the same size as the tuple, and then calling ‘get' into each spot in that vector. fold: Since we are using functors, fold doesn't really do anything that iterate can't do. What it does though is, given a starting value, pass that value into the first elements function, which returns a value of the same type. The new value is passed into the second value, and so on. Fold makes a lot of sense in languages with semantics which forbid side effects, but since functors don't really impose these limitations, it's more of an exercise than a necessary tool.
Parting Words
It is worth noting, that just because you can do these things, doesn't mean you should. If you need this sort of functionality, it is worthwhile to take a step back and evaluate whether you might want to use another language construct. There are times when tuple based functionality like this is very useful, but it is no replacement for class inheritance/virtual members.
Also you should understand the resource implications of heavy template use. We are creating a jump table and needed functions for every combination of tuple and functor used. For each type in your tuple, the functor is creating a function too. It is a very powerful set of constructs which give very fast execution times, however it comes at the cost of heavy code replication in the resulting assembly.
Source
Source from this post, including the demo at the top, can be found here. A header file with the given tuple transforms is here.
Corrections:
mttd pointed out that a few of the functors were operating with int, when size_t is more appropriate.
Anil Hansana, a resident of Faridabad's Mangar village, remembers a time when people would refrain from harming the ecosystem of the Aravalli hills — with even little children afraid to pluck a leaf — as it would “anger” the spirits and bring misfortune. “We were told that anyone who plucks a leaf from a tree will die immediately, or their house would catch fire. And we believed it,” said Hansana, now in their mid-30s.
Advertising
The Aravalli area located near the village — better known as Mangar Bani (forest) — is protected by legislation. A 2016 notification by the Haryana government's Town and Country Planning Department declared the area a “no-construction zone”, demarcating a 500-metre buffer zone around the core area which measures 656 acres.
Several sections of the hills, however, have not had the same good fortune and continue to be threatened by real estate and encroachment. Even Mangar Bani — considered sacred and protected by the residents — is yet to be officially notified as a forest, leaving it open to several dangers.
Spread over an area of 692 km, the Aravallis cover the states of Gujarat, Rajasthan, Delhi and Haryana. In the latter, they are found in the southwest part of the state, covering five divisions — Gurgaon, Faridabad, Mewat, Mahendargarh, and Rewari. It is also the most “degraded” forest range in India, according to a study of the Aravalli hills in southern Haryana by the Wildlife Institute of India (WII).
Advertising
Conducted between January and April 2016, the study found that “most of the indigenous plant species have disappeared… and the most serious threat to wildlife and forests is developmental activities, which are gradually destroying the remnants of the Aravallis”.
Sacred no more
According to locals, mostly Gujjars, who live in the villages near the Aravalli hills, the settlements arose several decades ago during the time of the Mughals. Naveen Gujjar (60), a resident of Pali village, said, “We have not only conserved the forest, but also nurtured it and brought it up. The growth has happened together.”
Over time, however, environmentalists believe these two factors — fear or sensitivity towards the forest — that allowed the Aravallis to thrive, have reduced their hold on those who live near it.
“With urbanisation, people have become more practical; they realise there will be no retribution even if they take from the forest. When mining came along a few decades ago, things became even worse as the temptation of money came in,” said Jitender Bhadana, a Faridabad-based environmentalist who is associated with the NGO, Save Aravallis.
They added, “Earlier, residents of these villages would earn Rs 10,000-Rs 15,000 in a month through sustainable development. Now, they have the opportunity to earn the same amount in a day just by selling their land.”
Visits to villages located at the foothills of the Aravallis are a testament to this statement. Those who remain speak of others who sold their land when the time was ripe and moved to the cities, “where they live in luxury”.
“Sensitivity to the needs of animals or the forest is a far-fetched idea in today's world, where the focus is on earning as much as possible. What we need is airtight regulation and its strict enforcement. At this point, fear of the law is the only thing that can save the Aravallis,” Bhadana said.
Encroachment a major issue
Environmentalists blame four primary factors — encroachment being the major one — for the degradation of the Aravallis, all of which, they said, are yet to be resolved by the state and central governments.
*Issue of ownership: Until the 1960s, Aravalli land was considered common village land and utilised for grazing and other such purposes. But in the 70s and 80s, the process of privatisation came in, wherein land was apportioned among landowners and sold off at low prices. This, environmentalists believe, forms the basis of the real estate market's interest in the Aravallis, since it has created scope for resale of the land.
*Definition of forest: There is no clarity on how much of the Aravalli range is included under the legal definition of “forest”, which is to be notified as per sections 4 and 5 of the Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA), or as per the dictionary definition of forest.
Following a 2006 Supreme Court order, all state governments were required to identify forests as per the dictionary meaning of the word, apart from lands which were demarcated in records as forest. But the Haryana government has been dilly-dallying on the definition of the term “forest”. As a result, while some areas in Haryana — around 25,000 hectares — are currently notified as forests under PLPA, the status of others — estimated to be around 12,000 hectares — is “yet to be decided”.
*NCZ: There is also contention regarding the classification of around 60,000 acres of the Aravallis as a Natural Conservation Zone (NCZ) — an area yet to be officially notified.
As per the Regional Plan 2021 of the National Capital Regional Planning Board, formulated in 2005, the NCZ category includes Aravallis, forests, rivers, major lakes and water bodies, as well as groundwater recharging areas. These are seen as environmentally or ecologically “sensitive” and there are major restrictions on their uses.
Construction is only allowed in 0.5 per cent of the area, and its purpose is also specified — “regional recreational activities”.
Chetan Agarwal, a Gurgaon-based environment analyst, said: “As per the Forest Conservation Act, you can still apply to divert the use of the land, but in NCZ there is no such option. The Haryana government has the option of stringent regulation in the form of NCZ, if only it is implemented properly.”
They added, “If they roll back privatisation and declare the Aravallis a forest area, the threat to the forest will be neutralised to a large extent. They will have the protection of the Forest Conservation Act. If they cannot construct in the area at all, then real estate giants would see no point in procuring land there.”
Encroachment: “This is the biggest problem. The mafia and property dealers control the government and administration, and get approvals… Many leaders own land in the hills, so why would they take a call that can work against them?” said Bhadana.
“Somewhere, these encroachers are in agreement with the authorities. What happened with the whole kikar tree issue recently is proof,” they added. Bhadana was referring to the recent debacle wherein the Haryana government added kikar and mesquite, the dominant species of trees in the Aravalli range, to the list of trees exempted under the PLPA — including them in the category of trees that can be felled without permission. The order was later called “a mistake” and revoked.
Officials from the forest department, however, defended themselves, stating that they have better technology and supervision to clamp down on encroachers. “We use thermo-sensing technologies and have digitised boundaries for this purpose. As a result, we can compare the condition of a specified area of forest over a period of time to identify any alterations, and take action accordingly. We also identify areas that are vulnerable to encroachment,” said Vinod Kumar, Conservator of Forests (Wildlife), Gurgaon.
“It is possible that sometimes guards do not report encroachment… but the technology we use leaves no scope for such errors,” they added.
Man vs wild
According to environmentalists, the impact of all these factors is felt most strongly by the animals that reside within the Aravallis, as their habitat shrinks each year.
The increased instances, in Gurgaon for example, of wild animals venturing into human habitations and creating chaos — often harming themselves or the people around them — is further evidence of this fact.
Earlier this month, employees at the Maruti Suzuki plant in Manesar received an unexpected visitor when a leopard ventured into the premises. The animal was captured by the forest department — 36 hours after it sought refuge in the engine room.
This is the seventh sighting of leopards in villages and areas bordering the Aravallis since 2016. While neither humans nor the animal were harmed in the Maruti incident, another instance of a leopard wandering into Mandawar village last year, proved much more chaotic — the animal was beaten to death, even as forest department officials and police personnel looked on.
According to a study conducted by WII between January and April 2016 — wherein 51 sites were sampled in the five forest divisions of Aravallis in Haryana — the hills were found to have several animal species, including 10 species of carnivores. (see box)
Recording “signs such as pugmarks, scats and territory markings as a measure for the presence of a particular species”, the study found 31 signs of leopards, 166 of jackals and 126 signs of hyenas. The final report, however, acknowledged that “wildlife is now limited to certain patches and protected areas owing to biotic interference and deforestation”.
“Increase in human population adjacent to the forest, and feral dogs, have become a threat to biodiversity… Highways passing through wildlife habitat are also a threat to the movement of animals… especially at night,” it added.
Acknowledging the threat that development poses to animals, Conservator of Forests (Wildlife), Gurgaon, Vinod Kumar, said: “Some amount of human-animal conflict will always be there since the two species reside in such close proximity. But there are certain measures that need to be taken to ensure that wildlife flourishes along with development of cities. For example, roads and highways are a threat to animals, so we need to build corridors that enable them to cross these areas safely. We are working on such plans.”
Last straw
The Supreme Court, in the matter of M C Mehta vs Union of India and Others in 2004, had acknowledged the sad state of the Aravalli hills. “In the early part of this century, the Aravallis were well-wooded. There were dense forests, with waterfalls and one could encounter a large number of wild animals. Today, the changes in the environment at Aravalli are severe… It cannot be questioned nor has been questioned that to save ecology of the Aravalli mountain, the laws have to be strictly implemented,” the apex court had said.
Advertising
Environmentalists, however, believe the situation is more dire than the authorities realise. Bhadana went as far as to classify the current plight of the Aravallis as the last stage before its total decline. “There have always been issues for the Aravallis — earlier it was deforestation, then mining, now there are a different set of problems. But this is the last stage for the hills. It is a do-or-die situation. If people cut trees and build structures there, what can anyone do? Fines may be imposed, but there will be no point. It will all be over,” they said.
Surasawat Siriwattanasin is taken to a briefing on Thursday after police caught them stealing a mobile phone at Suvarnabhumi airport. (Photo by Sutthiwit Chayutvorakan)
A thief was caught red-handed at Suvarnabhumi on Thursday after they fell for a trap set by airport authorities.
A Suvarnabhumi airport police officer disguised themselves as a passenger to lure in Surasawat Siriwattanasin, the man filmed on Tuesday by security cameras stealing a mobile from a Thai man and a handset from a Ugandan traveller, plus US$300 in cash.
Both victims lodged complaints with Suvarnabhumi Airport police and airport officials, telling them that their phones were stolen while they were sleeping inside the airport. Footage from closed circuit cameras confirmed their claims.
Airport officials and the police station then assigned a police investigator to dress like a tourist and pretend to be sleeping on the ground floor, leaving a mobile phone by their side to lure the suspect.
Mr Surasawat, 40, finally showed up and was immediately arrested as they tried to grab the phone.
Kittipong Kittikachorn, the Suvarnabhumi airport security chief, said the suspect confessed that all of the items they had stolen were kept at their house in the Rangsit area or sold to shops at the Zeer Rangsit shopping centre. They were stolen from passengers at Suvarnabhumi and Don Mueang airports, the airport official added.
They face a theft charge which carries a jail term of up to five years and a fine of between 2,000 and 10,000 baht.
Philippines has recently signed a deal in which it will acquire 12 FA-50 fighter jets from South Korea in an attempt to bolster its military power.
The deal between South Korea and the Philippines was signed on March 28 at an event in Manila attended by high-level officials from both countries.
With this deal, the Philippines will import a total of 12 fighter jets from South Korea by 2017, and South Korea is expected to make over $400 million.
“The fresh acquisition will draw the force closer to its goal of achieving a minimum credible defense capability,” Philippine Air Force spokesperson Col. Miguel Ernesto Okol said after the deal was made.
The Philippines is not the first country to look to South Korea for fighter jets: Seoul has previously completed sales to Indonesia and Iraq, in 2011 and 2013 respectively.
With more and more countries deciding to purchase arms from South Korea, it is emerging as one of Asia's arms exporting powerhouses.
According to a report by IHS Jane's, South Korea's defense equipment exports totaled $0.6 billion in 2013, doubling from the previous year.
The report added that South Korea is forecast by 2016 to generate more revenue from defense exports within East Asia than China. It has already overtaken the U.K., Italy, and Israel within the region.
“South Korea not only increased its exports regionally but also managed to export at a global level. We saw deals with Iraq, Indonesia, Turkey, United Kingdom, Azerbaijan and the Philippines to name a few,” IHS Defense Content Director Paul Burton said in a press release.
“South Korea increased its exports from $0.3 billion to $0.6 billion in 2013 and by 2015 it will be exporting $1.5 billion a year in defense equipment. This will likely supplant some of the major Western companies in the process,” they added.
Driving this rapid growth in the nation's weapons trade is the South Korean government's effort to strengthen its national defense industry.
When South Korea first began to pay attention to the defense industry under the Park Chung-hee administration in the 1970s, its capabilities were limited to copying arms imported from the United States. Since then, however, the country's defense technology has consistently improved, and it has reached the stage of producing capital-intensive smart weapons.
According to the Statistics Korea, 96 South Korean companies were operating in the defense industry as of 2012, a number that rises to more than 400 when affiliates are included. Five of these companies, including Samsung, Korea Aerospace Industries, and LIG Nex1, were named among the Top 100 arms-producing and military services companies in the world last year by the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.
When it comes to defense technology, South Korea ranked number 10 with Sweden, according to a report by South Korea's Defense Agency for Technology and Quality in 2013.
The report claims that South Korean companies' defense technology has reached 80 percent of the level of the world leaders.
“South Korea's defense industry has developed under a special situation, having North Korea next to it,” said Chae Woo-seok, head of Korea Association of Defense Industry Studies, in an article for the magazine Freedom in September 2013.
They added that the defense industry has the potential to become a growth engine for South Korea, generating a new market and jobs.
Unlike other countries, however, South Korea should approach the defense industry with a different mindset, since it is closely linked not only with its national security but also with economic growth, Chae explained.
They noted that South Korea has an opportunity to increase its defense exports, since more and more developing countries around the world are making South Korea their role model for national development, and want to learn how it has developed its defense industry.
“South Korea should seek more ways to increase its defense trade with these developing countries, which are eager to follow its development history,” they said. “And by doing that, South Korea not only can create new overseas markets and jobs, it can also contribute to the development of these emerging economies.”
Crooks Turn to Delivering Ransomware via RDP
In a new twist to an old attack, threats actors are increasingly using the remote access protocol to install ransomware, Sophos says
In a new twist to an old attack technique, some threat actors have begun installing ransomware on Windows networks by breaking into them via weakly protected Microsoft Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) services.
Security vendor Sophos says it has seen a spate of such attacks recently with the victims in most cases being small companies with 30 or fewer staff members that rely on external parties to manage their Windows networks remotely.
Unlike typical ransomware campaigns in which the malware is mass distributed via phishing and other means, the crooks in these attacks are breaking into Windows systems one at a time and running ransomware on them manually using RDP access.
The trend highlights the need for organizations to ensure that RDP is turned off on all computers on the network on which it is not needed, to use VPNs for external connections and to implement strong authentication where possible, Sophos said.
"For a small business, RDP is often the only way to get IT support at all," says Paul Ducklin, senior technologist at Sophos. It allows a third party located across town, in another state, or overseas to remotely access a Windows network and administer it with nearly same level of control over it as a local user. RDP can be handy, but if the service is left open to the Internet as businesses sometimes do, attackers can try and brute force their way into your network, Ducklin says.
"When an [RDP] server is open to the Internet, it means that you'll accept incoming connections from anywhere, including users on computers in other companies, other cities, other states, other countries," Ducklin says. "Loosely speaking, any computer, or mobile device, that can send packets outwards on the Internet can connect inward to your server and get a response of some sort."
Recently, Sophos has seen evidence that attackers have begun using scanning services such as Shodan and Censys to search for systems with RDP open to the Internet. They have then been using the NLBrute tool to try and guess RDP passwords and brute force their way into such systems.
"Many small businesses have a dedicated computer to handle RDP connections, or will just let RDP users connect directly to the main server," Ducklin says. "Shodan is looking for open ports visible somewhere, anywhere, that lead to RDP somewhere inside the network."
Attacks against RDP are certainly not new. The difference is that attackers increasingly have begun using their RDP access to then install ransomware on systems. In several of the cases that Sophos has investigated, attackers have first initiated a series of measures to disable and disarm security settings on the network to which they have gained access, before running ransomware on them.
Some of the measures have included killing off processes that disallow shutdown, deleting locked files, changing configuration settings, disabling anti-malware tools, turning off database services, and deleting backup files. Because the systems have been rigged to become as insecure as possible, the threat actors are then able to run old and even free variants of ransomware on them until something works. "In several cases, we've found cryptocurrency mining software that had been around for a while," Ducklin says.
Gartner analyst Avivah Litan says hackers have been using NLBrute for years to brute force their way into systems via RDP. In fact there are even YouTube videos on how to use the tool, they say.
However, the increase in RDP attacks to drop ransomware is a new twist, Litan says. "It reminds me of what happened with online banking attacks," they note. "As banks implemented more controls that prevented fully automated and mass attacks, criminals started using RDP to manually attack one user at a time."
Attacks via RDP are big threats to organizations, Litan cautions. Endpoint security controls are not very effective at dealing with these attacks because the tools are typically looking for malicious files and fully automated attacks, rather than human-executed manual attacks, they say.
Organizations that want to enable RDP should first ask themselves if they require that access, adds Tyler Reguly, manager of Tripwire's Vulnerability and Exposure Research Team. "Enabling RDP access to a Windows computer is no different than providing SSH access to a Linux server, so there's definitely justification for doing it and businesses with a need should not be afraid to run RDP."
But it is important to ensure strong passwords and two-factor authentication at a minimum when enabling the service, Reguly says. If possible, require a VPN connection to access the service and avoid direct Internet access.
Also, set a lockout policy to limit password-guessing attacks, Ducklin says. Simply by enforcing a five-minute lockout after three failed guesses you can ensure that crooks can at most try 48 passwords an hour, making a brute force attack impractical, they say.
The Sophos warning is the second in recent weeks involving RDP. In October, Flashpoint warned about Dark Web marketplaces selling access to tens of thousands of brute-forced RDPs around the world. Ultimate Anonymity Services, one of the outfits selling such access, alone had over 35,000 brute-forced RDPs for sale, Forcepoint noted in its report.
Threat actors can use such compromised RDP servers for a variety of reasons in addition to installing ransomware on systems, says Flashpoint cybercrime analyst Olivia Rowley.
"For some cybercriminals, it may be more advantageous to use a compromised RDP as a staging ground for conducting other fraud, such as making a fraudulent purchase," Rowley says. "Cybercriminals may also find that the compromised RDP contains sensitive files or other proprietary information, thus making the RDP a tool for conducting data breaches."
Related Content:
Join Dark Reading LIVE for two days of practical cyber defense discussions. Learn from the industry's most knowledgeable IT security experts. Check out the INsecurity agenda here.
Jai Vijayan is a seasoned technology reporter with over 20 years of experience in IT trade journalism. They were most recently a Senior Editor at Computerworld, where they covered information security and data privacy issues for the publication. Over the course of their 20-year ... View Full Bio
Right now, most of us buy cellphone service from companies such as AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint. But next year, consumers may start to see another option — from Comcast.
The nation's biggest cable company said Tuesday that it plans to launch a cellular carrier, Comcast Wireless, in mid-2017.
Just like other providers, Comcast's service will let customers make phone calls and browse the Web from their smartphones. It will also take advantage of Comcast's network of 15 million WiFi hotspots across the country, which will let the carrier offer mobile voice and data service without having to set up expensive cell towers. (Comcast declined to say whether it would also be selling mobile phones.)
[How plain, old WiFi will revolutionize the cellular industry]
When there's no Comcast WiFi to be found, devices on Comcast Wireless will seamlessly jump onto Verizon's cellular network to stay connected. Comcast will not be the first to try this hybrid cellular-WiFi network, but it will probably be among the largest. And combined with Comcast's existing advantages in size and scope, Comcast Wireless could be priced to compete in an already cutthroat industry.
But why would Verizon allow Comcast — which has 28 million customers — to benefit by using its network? Well, the two companies struck a deal in 2011 that had Comcast giving up some valuable airwaves that Verizon could use to expand its cellular capacity. In exchange, Verizon agreed to grant Comcast the right to set up its carrier that would piggyback on Verizon's infrastructure at agreed-upon rates.
[‘Wireless fiber' could give us gigabit Internet speeds with no cables at all]
Although Verizon has a nationwide footprint, Comcast's wireless product will be available only where it serves cable customers, said chief executive Brian Roberts at an investors' conference Tuesday. Roberts added that Comcast would probably offer the cellular service as another product in its cable bundle, just as consumers can currently buy phone, TV and Internet access as a package. Bundling may help Comcast offer the cellphone service at more competitive rates.
Comcast and others in the cable industry have explored offering cellular service as they face declines in their traditional TV businesses. Americans are increasingly getting their entertainment online and on mobile devices, and it has led cable executives to think more like traditional telecom providers and, in some cases, vice versa.
[One fascinating reason cable companies won't willingly compete against each other]
As the Internet — and its content — becomes ever more profitable, companies are making massive investments to make sure they own a key slice of that ecosystem. Verizon has bought AOL and Yahoo, giving it control over some highly trafficked websites in addition to its historical assets in mobile telephony. The same logic is driving AT&T as it has begun bundling its cellular service with content from DirecTV, the satellite TV company it acquired in 2015.
Now Comcast, with its massive presence in U.S. homes, wants to expand beyond the living room to people's smartphones. Given Comcast's position in customer-satisfaction rankings, it's unclear whether Comcast Wireless will prove to be a popular product. But for an industry that has already been wracked by price wars and big changes in cellular plans and policies, Comcast does not seem ready to let the dust settle yet.
Interior Minister Sadegh Mahsouli said Saturday that such a lead was a misimpression based on Mr. Moussavi's higher levels of support in the capital, and that they had less backing elsewhere.
Mr. Moussavi made clear in statements on Saturday that they rejected the results and called on supporters and fellow clerics to fight them. But there were no reports of any public appearances by them through the day, leading to rumors that they might have been arrested.
In a statement posted on their campaign Web site, Mr. Moussavi said: “Today the people's will has been faced with an amazing incident of lies, hypocrisy and fraud. I call on my Iranian compatriots to remain calm and patient.”
But Ayatollah Khamenei closed the door to any appeals for intervention in a statement issued on state television on Saturday afternoon, congratulating Mr. Ahmadinejad on their victory and pointedly urging the other candidates to support him.
In a televised address to the nation Saturday night, Mr. Ahmadinejad called on the public to respect the results, and they denounced foreign diplomatic and journalistic criticism.
“All political and propaganda machines abroad and sections inside the country have been mobilized against the nation,” they said.
Mr. Moussavi's defiance seemed to fuel street resistance by their supporters — a coalition including women, young people, intellectuals and members of the moderate clerical establishment — who had united in opposition to Mr. Ahmadinejad's erratic economic flight attendantship, confrontational foreign policy and crackdown on social freedoms.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Death to the coup d'état!” chanted a surging crowd of several thousand protesters, many of whom wore Mr. Moussavi's signature bright green campaign colors, as they marched in central Tehran on Saturday afternoon. “Death to the dictator!”
Farther down the street, clusters of young men hurled rocks at a phalanx of riot police officers, and the police used their batons to beat back protesters. There were reports of demonstrations in other major Iranian cities as well.
Photo
The authorities closed universities in Tehran, blocked cellphone transmissions and access to Facebook and some other Web sites, and for a second day shut down text-messaging services.
As night settled in, the streets in northern Tehran that recently had been the scene of pre-election euphoria were lit by the flames of trash fires and blocked by tipped trash bins and at least one charred bus. Young men ran through the streets throwing paving stones at shop windows, and the police pursued them.
Earlier in the day, hurried meetings were reported among Iran's leading political figures and clerics; some were said to be trying to influence Ayatollah Khamenei to intervene in a situation that could stain public confidence in the integrity of Iran's elections.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But Saeed Leylaz, an economist and political analyst, said they believed that Ayatollah Khamenei's statement would bring a resolution, even if demonstrations persisted for a few days. “This has put an end to political negotiations from above,” Mr. Leylaz said.
For the moment, Ayatollah Khamenei's admonition did nothing to calm the opposition's rage.
“The results of the 10th presidential election are so ridiculous and so unbelievable that one cannot write or talk about it in a statement,” said Mehdi Karroubi, a reformist cleric and candidate.
Mr. Karroubi came in last with 300,000 votes — far fewer than analysts had predicted. “It is amazing that the people's vote has turned into an instrument for the government to stabilize itself,” they said.
The other candidate, Mohsen Rezai, got 680,000 votes, Interior Ministry officials said.
In 2005, when Mr. Karroubi was also a candidate for president, they accused the government of rigging the vote in Mr. Ahmadinejad's favor. In that election, the government announced when polls closed that there would probably be a runoff between two of three candidates, a reform candidate and a former police chief.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But by 7 a.m. the next day, a spokesperson for the Guardian Council, a clerical oversight panel that is not supposed to be involved in vote counting, announced that Mr. Ahmadinejad was in first place. Mr. Karroubi's charges were never investigated.
The turmoil on Saturday followed an extraordinary night in which the Iranian state news agency announced that Mr. Ahmadinejad had won by a vast margin just two hours after the polls closed. The timing alone provoked deep suspicion here, because the authorities have never before announced election results until the following morning. Mr. Moussavi also announced Friday night that they believed they had won by a wide margin.
Mr. Moussavi also complained about irregularities and unfairness in the election, saying there had been a lack of ballots in many areas and that some of their campaign offices had been attacked and their Web sites shut down.
The official results prompted further skepticism, in part because Mr. Ahmadinejad was said to have won by large margins even in their opponents' hometowns. Mr. Rezai's hometown, for example, gave them less than a tenth of Mr. Ahmadinejad's total there, the Interior Ministry said.
The issue of vote-rigging has often been raised in Iranian elections, but analysts have generally said the authorities can manipulate the results by only a few percentage points, leaving room for genuine democratic movements.
Iran's clerical leaders often point to past reformist victories as proof of the Islamic Republic's democratic legitimacy. Many reformists have boycotted votes in the past to avoid giving the clerics that satisfaction. Those reformists voted in large numbers this time, inspired by a vast popular movement that rose up to support Mr. Moussavi.
Their bitterness on Saturday at the unexpected results was correspondingly severe.
“We are not disposable things to be thrown away,” said Mahshid, 20, a student who declined to give their last name because they feared repercussions from the authorities. “From now on, we won't vote. They have insulted our feelings of patriotism.”
Meanwhile, the working-class areas of southern Tehran where Mr. Ahmadinejad is popular were largely quiet, despite rumors of wild victory celebrations.
“There might be some manipulation in what the government has done,” said Maliheh Afrouz, 55, a supporter of Mr. Ahmadinejad clad in a black chador. “But the other side is exaggerating, making it seem worse than it really is.”
New Jets head coach Todd Bowles has been named assistant coach of the year by the Pro Football Writers of America.
Bowles did admirable work as Arizona's defensive coordinator this season, despite a rash of injuries to their unit.
This was their second year as the Cardinals' coordinator. They made the playoffs on the strength of Bowles' defense, and in spite of those injuries.
In 2013, the Cardinals ranked sixth in the NFL in yards allowed, first in rushing yards allowed, 14th in passing yards allowed and seventh in points allowed.
In 2014, the Cardinals ranked fifth in the league in points allowed. The Cardinals' defense was 24th in yards, 13th in rushing and 29th in passing, but Arizona was stingy in the red zone -- third-best in the NFL.
Maybe Bowles can help fix the Jets' red-zone defense. It ranked 25th in the NFL this season, after ranking fourth in 2013.
According to the Jets, Bowles will be formally introduced as their new head coach at a press conference next week, sometime after Monday, along with new general manager Mike Maccagnan.
The Pro Football Writers of America also named Arizona head coach Bruce Arians its head coach of the year. This is the sixth time that the writers' assistant coach and head coach of the year have come from the same team.
Darryl Slater may be reached at dslater@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @DarrylSlater. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
This week's League of Legends power rankings were compiled by Tyler "Fionn" Erzberger, Kelsey Moser, Nilu Kulasingham and Matt Demers. Rankings were achieved by consensus, then thoughts were written by each writer separately.
#15: yoe Flash Wolves
Kelsey: I still haven't seen much yoe Flash Wolves, but when I do watch them in LMS there are an abundance of misplays from their ADC NL. That doesn't mean players like Maple and SwordArt aren't impressive in an international setting or that the Wolves haven't shown surprisingly strong team fighting. They're worthy of a nod from us for sure.
Nilu: A solid performance at IEM coupled with strong domestic performances means that yoe are a team worthy of a spot in the power rankings. They're the most dominant team in the LMS and have only lost a single game. They forfeited vs AHQ, so the teams decided to play in a friendly instead; yoe basically destroyed AHQ in that friendly.
#14: SK Gaming
Matt: While SK sit higher on the standings than Fnatic, something just feels off about the team; Fnatic's recent wins seemed stronger, and if they meet in the EU playoffs it will be interesting to see which team can cover their weaknesses better.
Kelsey: SK Gaming still may be one of the best teams in Europe, but they've had weaknesses exposed in the past weeks. They're making strides to work around them and incorporate more diversity into their play. Playoffs will show us if there's a payoff.
#13: Fnatic
Fionn: I'd love to see their aggressive skirmish style against H2k's calculated, methodical play. That is all.
Kelsey: Fnatic is a definite favorite for European Playoffs, and they've hit their stride while SK is patching up weaknesses. Huni's growing champion pool shows they can shine in the new meta, and Reignover's preference for tank junglers means that their top laner can play full on carries.
There's still an over-reliance on Huni that may be punishable, but Fnatic is looking strong for now.
#12: Cloud9
Fionn: Cloud9 had an awful season by their standards but still ended up in second place. They've been unpredictable this season and aren't the clear favorites like the past three NA LCS seasons, but do you really want to bet against a team who is 95-26 all-time in LCS?
Matt: Fionn's statistics aren't wrong; Cloud9 have some serious skill behind them to be able to pull up their socks from a dismal IEM Katowice and a weird split. I'm almost disappointed in them restoring the TSM-C9 top two finish, but I still have to applaud them for it.
#11: CJ Entus
Fionn: They are the worst best team in Korea but also the best bad team in Korea.
Nilu: Frankly, CJ look awful. The team is plagued by inconsistency issues and while it's clear that the team has potential to be a very good team, the consistency that CJ performs on is a very bad sign. CJ vs Jin Air will be telling.
#10: Team SoloMid
Nilu: TSM are clearly the best Western team on 5.4 but they've been a bit iffy on 5.5. They've been consistently a top-two team in North America since their formation so I don't really have any doubts about the team in the region. They'll probably finish top two once again.
Kelsey: Despite TSM's showing at IEM the meta changes haven't been kind to them. New picks have surprised the team, and it seems doing well against Bjergsen is still the clincher for beating TSM. Letting Dyrus suffer seems to be hurting them more in lane swaps. Overall, TSM is still the best Western team, and their team fighting and lane pressure mid is powerful, but we bet they'll lose to any eastern team with stronger mid laners.
#9: LGD Gaming
Kelsey: LGD is above CJ Entus and TSM because they have better side wave control and strong team fighting. While other teams in China may have figured out how to manipulate their weaknesses, we wager they'd still do well internationally. Their jungler is still an increasingly obvious pain point, and We1less needs to stop waffling on their mid lane picks.
Fionn: I am objecting from writing about LGD until Flame is released and allowed to play a LPL game again.
#8: Snake eSports
Nilu: Snake will probably be team most affected by 5.5 in a positive way. Their ability to consistently fight well when running protect-the-kRYST4L comps has been their hallmark, and 5.5 buffs supportive junglers a lot. BAKA still has very problematic champion pool issues, so Snake may struggle in playoffs.
Kelsey: Snake, like LGD Gaming, is struggling in China as people begin to figure out their weaknesses. They're easy to ban out, and they suffer in the lane swap. Even so, their ability to control when and where they take fights will do them a lot of favors, and as 5.5 rolls out, it will open up more zoning picks from the jungle to give them more options.
#7: Vici Gaming
Kelsey: Vici Gaming and Invictus Gaming have had a renaissance. VG is looking like the smart team that goes for the lane swap and superior rotation. Still, the individual skill of their laners will be an issue for them, and time will tell if they'll rise or fall.
Fionn: Mata might have been fined $8,000 for showing their frustrations during Demacia Cup, yet it's difficult to write off a team that have the two best players from last year's World Championship. Dandy and Mata are extremely good and even with a decent supporting cast they can go far.
#6: OMG
Kelsey: We can't rate teams on "trolling." Despite Uzi publicly informing OMG fans that they're intentionally playing things they're bad at, that doesn't excuse bizarre drafting and the fact that they should be able to play the champions they're playing. If OMG has a resurgence, it will be during Playoffs. For now, we're expecting them to finish less than second in the regular season for the first time ever.
Nilu: OMG don't have the results to back up the perceived strength of their roster. It's entirely possible that the team isn't trying their best but we can't rate a team high based on potential results that may or may not materialize. The team still performs well enough to be considered a top three team in China.
#5: Jin Air Green Wings
Fionn: Jin Air can beat any team in the world but can also lose to any team. They play a disciplined style and love the late-game, but they're going to need GBM to take an ace role in the playoffs if they want to knock off SKT or GE.
Nilu: Fourth place in rankings but they should be third place in Korea, the team look strong and capable of taking games off anyone. But they do have some inconsistencies that they need to work on, particularly Pilot's lack of strength on auto-attack based AD Carres. With champions like Vayne returning in 5.5, perhaps it's time to field Cpt Jack?
#4: Invictus Gaming
Fionn: There is no better bromance in the world currently than KaKAO and Rookie. They play off each other like they know what the other is thinking and have catapulted iG into a top spot in the LPL Spring regular season.
Kelsey: Don't be fooled by Edward Gaming trouncing Invictus Gaming in Demacia Cup finals; that's just something they do to everyone.
The strides Invictus Gaming has made in team building in the past few weeks have solidified their identity as a counter-strategy team that's well researched and can play picks and styles specifically to counter the opposition. If OMG doesn't step up in playoffs, it will be time to declare them the second best team in China.
#3: GE Tigers
Nilu: One best-of-three loss to KT should not be enough to demote the Tigers from #1 in Korea, but patch 5.5 compounds things in SKT's favour. GE looks a bit less dominant than they were in 5.5 and the loss to WE at IEM may have exposed some critical flaws in their pick/bans that may need reassessing.
Fionn: We are now at a point where we need to decide if the Tigers are just bored and lazy from already claiming the top spot in the LCK Spring regular season, or if there are actual problems inside the core of the team following their loss to KT Rolster.
#2: SK Telecom T1
Kelsey: SKT has a jungler problem they're working on. Their trainee T0m shows promise if they can get over their Udyr fixation, and bengi's vision control is still valuable. There's little to say other than that Faker is still the best player in the world, and SKT is so practiced at playing to let them succeed.
Nilu: SKT have seemingly fixed a number of problems with the introduction of 5.5. Bengi is doing much better on tanks and the team has finally opted to stick with Faker for the majority of their matches. SKT on 5.5 are much better than they've ever been in 2015.
#1: Edward Gaming
Fionn: By winning the Demacia Cup, EDG have now won around their 900th Chinese tournament in the past two years. Deft is distancing themselves from the rest of the AD pack and is clearly the best in the world.
Kelsey: The strength of this team is in their map pressure. They have a jungler and effectively a top lane and support roamer who seem to excel in counter-ganking. As an opposing jungler, you need to expect to be counter-ganked by not just one, but two players in the sidelines. No one in China can stop EDG. It's up to the rest of the world.
This case is generally excellent. The feel is solid and doesn't add too much bulk but definitely feels more durable, and is much less slippy-- the region on the back which corresponds to the glass portion of the actual phone has horizontal raised lines giving it a very grippy texture. The cutout for the fingerprint scanner is nicely tapered making it just as easy to find the right place for your finger as with the naked phone.
This case does have one problem, however; the cutouts for the camera and the camera's laser focus are very small; no problem in itself as they don't obscure the aperture itself, but combined with the relatively thick material of the case, this means that dust that gets into these holes stays there. This is a particular problem with the laser focus cutout, which can cause the camera's autofocus to be pretty much useless once dust has accumulated in there. This is a small gripe but a very noticeable one if you're the kind of person who likes taking quick photos of things and relies on the autofocus.
They sleep in five-star hotels and eat at Michelin-starred restaurants
In addition to a Bugatti Veyron they drive Lamborghinis and a Ferrari
Adrenaline junkies are taken on a tour of Germany and Switzerland
The trip is intended for 10 people, averaging out to £8,000 per person
The world's most expensive driving tour is offering adrenaline junkies the chance to hop behind the wheel of some of the fastest supercars on the planet – for just a fraction of the purchase price.
Holidaymakers with a need for speed each get a turn driving a Bugatti Veyron Grand Sport Vitesse during the five-day tour of southern Germany and northern Switzerland.
The trip offered by Global Racing Schools costs €110,000 (approximately £80,000 or $125,000) for 10 people, or about £8,000 ($12,500) per person, which is far less than the £1.4million ($2.1million) price tag for a brand-new Bugatti.
Scroll down for video
Thrillseekers are given the chance to drive a Bugatti Veyron during the tour of Germany and Switzerland
When guests aren't driving a Lamborghini Huracan they are being treated at luxury hotels and restaurants
It is also available at €64,000 (£48,000 or $72,000) for two people.
In addition to a Bugatti, thrillseekers who take part in the tour are given the opportunity to drive a Lamborghini Aventador, Lamborghini Huracan, Ferrari 488 GTB and Mercedes-Benz AMG GTS.
Brand new, the cars have a combined value of more than £2million ($3million).
When drivers aren't zooming through scenic areas they are being treated to imaginative dishes at Michelin-starred restaurants, overnight stays in junior suites at five-star hotels and limousine transfers.
The five day tour takes drivers through Germany's scenic Black Forest and onto its unrestricted autobahn
Brand new, the cars have a combined value of more than £2million (pictured: Ferrari 488 GTB)
Those who book the trip are flown into Stuttgart, Germany, where they stay at the Althoff Hotel am Schlossgarten.
The following day they are given private tours of the Porsche and Mercedes-Benz factory museums before a 50-mile ‘warm-up' drive from the German spa town of Baden Baden.
After spending the night at the Brenners Park-Hotel & Spa the drivers get their first full day on the road, travelling more than 150 miles through forest trails and mountain passes in the Black Forest range before crossing the Rhine river into Switzerland.
At night guests retire to junior suites at five-star hotels (pictured: Mercedes-Benz AMG GTS)
From there guests go on a private tour of the IWC watch factory and finish the day at Riva's Das Hotel am Bodensee on the German side of Lake Constance.
On day four the drivers make the 185-mile drive back to Baden Baden, using a stretch of the derestricted German autobahn with a stop for lunch at the three Michelin-starred Schwarzwaldstube at Hotel Traube Tonbach.
Naev 0.6.0 Release
The Naev development team is proud to announce the release of Naev 0.6.0, our first stable release in nearly three years.
This release features over 1600 commits from some 38 contributors, as well as small fixes from many more. Its main features are the core slots system, which allows ships to be more heavily customized, as well as full SDL2 support, which greatly improves Naev's fullscreen behaviour among other things.
Download: https://sourceforge.net/projects/naev/files/naev-0.6.0
Blog: http://blog.naev.org/
Forums: http://forum.naev.org/
Changes since 0.5.3:
Features:
Core slots system Ships must have a core system, engine, and hull equipped to take off Ships' attributes are mostly defined by their cores Total of 95 core outfits
Naev's data is now stored in a zip file, making contributing easier than ever
Greatly improved SDL2 support (now default) Support for window resizing and toggling fullscreen without restarting Drag-and-drop ndata loading when ndata can't be found Fake fullscreen is used by default to avoid turning off other monitors Fullscreen toggling via keybind (F11 by default)
Improved keyboard-and-mouse gameplay, with an optional WASD layout
Autonav improvements Autonav resets time accel instead of aborting (onpon4) Improved autonav behaviour when pushed off of jump points
Activated outfits get hotkeys by default
Fuel is now provided for free at spaceports
Auto-braking (Ctrl-S by default) in lieu of a dedicated Active Cooldown key
Ships only need to be spaceworthy when taking off (Avihay)
Added on-screen “PAUSED” indicator (can be disabled in conf.lua)
Local system maps can be bought from the landing screen
Content:
Greatly expanded galaxy 150+ new systems and 500+ new planets Za'lek faction added (Viruk and Lineth) Expanded pirate space (Lukc)
New missions Added 6 repeatable missions Added 10 scripted missions Greater mission availability in Soromid space (BSoD-naev) New Sirius mission string, “Heretic” (l0k1) Several repeatable pirate missions (Lukc) New FLF mission and two neutral missions by brognam
3 new songs by Askyel and saturn6
Innumerable typo and content fixes by PhoenixRiver, perey, m1foley, ids1024, and others
Cargo missions are longer-range (up to 6 jumps)
Added hidden jumps, currently only discoverable via special maps
Technical:
CHICAGO—A study released Thursday by the University of Chicago's Department of Psychology has found that debilitating self-pity is the most effective strategy to win back the love of a former romantic partner. “Our research shows that the more you lament your current situation, fixating on how you'll never find anyone as good as your ex and how you can't possibly enjoy life now that they or they are gone, the sooner that person will return to you and say they or they can't live without you,” said report co-author Sylvia Hawkins, adding that researchers discovered a link between sitting on the couch all day staring teary-eyed into space and one's former partner walking right back through the door. “The data revealed that ex-partners are twice as likely to call you up and say that the breakup was the biggest mistake of their lives if you torture yourself incessantly until you can barely function at work. Furthermore, we determined that there was a direct correlation between how much you feel sorry for yourself and the probability of an ex-lover desperately begging you to forgive them or them for leaving you.” The report also concluded that holding your head up high and moving on with your life virtually guaranteed that you would never find love again.
Advertisement
Posted by Tsunami
Posted by Tsunami
Remember that they are a Billon dollar company.... they can probably put a man in the moon if the want, you are telling me that they "cant" change the code because:As a programmer myself and someone that works with servers all day, i can tell you for a fact, that it does not matter how "old" or "unique" the code is you can always work a way for the functionalities to be exactly the same, and trust me, i dont have nothing near to a Billon dolars in my belt.They are just cheap, if you deny yourself on seeing this well... there is nothing i can do for you... they just made that amazing announcement but i am no dumb person.So you have an idea of what i once did, i changed a WHOLE government public Intranet & sync a very old 1996 database for my local goverment that was written in posix 1981, to a 2015 Amazon EC2 client server, with adropid/os APP, it wasn't easy... took us around 2 years, this information being related to padron/taxes/social services and other very hard and essential data, we made some mistakes in the way wont lie... some of those "primitives" where even written in 6 bits words... and had to be converted to 64 bits words all of a sudden... without providing any deadlocks, scheduler inefficiency etc... also one of the objectives for the project was to emulate the way "secretaries and station workers used the old POSIX interface"... so we actually had to emulate it in a virtual machine and take note of all the GUI times etc... there are 60 year old poeple that like using old POSIX commands... so we had to emulate those also, they prefer waiting 15 seconds for a list to fetch even when that list can be fetched in unders 0.050 miliseconds !!! :O that was an actual request !!!, and mostly because how old printers and other peripherals like desk prompters worked... they just synced better to old times CPU. Also some mail services worked this way... and in my country people still uses "beepers" and phone SMS services... and the list goes on and on... old technology piling up.I was paid enough to purchase half of the car i own now, which is around 20.000 dollars, and i work on it 2 years. So go figure what a billion dollar company can do.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Doctor Who is a spin-off Class is set to be ditched by the BBC after just one series.
The eight-parter, starring ex-Coronation Street favourite Katherine Kelly as alien teacher Miss Quill, was the BBC's most high-profile attempt at a teen show in years.
But ratings were so low, both online and for the BBC1 repeat, it now looks like school's out forever.
Class launched on BBC iPlayer in October, but despite Peter Capaldi appearing as the Time Lord in the first episode, got just 660,000 views.
Not one of the eight episodes made it into the top 50 weekly shows viewed on-demand. The series also fared badly in the late-night BBC1 repeats, where it was aired in four double bills.
(Image: BBC)
The first episode got one million viewers, but by the end, that had dropped to 300,000 – way down on the slot average of 800,000.
Class is the fourth TV spin-off from Doctor Who, following K9 and Company in 1981, and more recently Torchwood and The Sarah Jane Adventures.
Class was created by youth novelist Patrick Ness and featured a group of teens at Coal Hill School, where Clara Oswald (Jenna Coleman) was a teacher.
(Image: BBC)
But it failed to grip its target audience, who gave it a low appreciation rate of 70, compared to 82 for the Doctor Who Christmas Special.
One reviewer said: “Class is a bit like a hormonal teen – all over the place.”
Another moaned: “It's just too bad it doesn't live up to the hype.”
A show source said: “Class hasn't been the success the BBC were hoping for.”
The BBC said no decision on a recommission had been made.
The study notes the neo-colonial role that Western governments and international organizations have in “pushing economic models that fuel poverty.”
“Africa is rich,” the study notes. “ Its people should thrive, its economies prosper. Yet many people living in Africa's 47 countries remain trapped in poverty, while much of the continent's wealth is being extracted by those outside it.”
The research claims that approximately US$203 billion flowed out of the country in 2015 in the form of repatriated profits of multinational corporations, money moved into tax havens, and costs imposed by climate change adaptations. This massive outflow of capital from the historically colonized continent far exceeds that which flows into it, which according to the coalition is only US$162 billion.
Underdeveloped, or overexploitated? Against the narrative that Western aid “helps” poverty in Africa, a new study shows that the pillaging of Africa by Western economic interests is still the major source of poverty. A coalition of UK and African-based development campaign groups published research on Wednesday that indicates that Africa has an annual financial deficit of over US$40 billion in capital leaving the continent each year, the Guardian reported.
For example, the study describes how extractivist companies which export minerals, oil, and gas, are able to export massive quantities of wealth while paying little in taxes due to institutionalized tax incentives. The study notes however that these tax policies “are the result of long standing policies of Western governments insisting on Africa lowering taxes to attract investment.”
Companies are also frequently able to avoid paying what little taxes they do owe through the illicit use of tax havens. According to the coalition's research, US$68 billion of capital outflow from Africa is in the form of illicit financial flows, which they define as the illegal movement of cash between countries into tax havens.
“The key message we want to get across is that more money flows out of Africa than goes in, and if we are to address poverty and income inequality we have to help to get it back,” Tim Jones, an economist at the Jubilee Debt Campaign said according to The Guardian.
The report is highly critical of the role that foreign aid from Western governments has in the continent, claiming that it is often simply funding to promote privitisation of public services, free trade, and private investment. “If aid is to benefit Africa, it must be delinked from Western corporate interests,” the report says.
“Money is leaving Africa partly because Africa's wealth of natural resources is simply owned and exploited by foreign, private corporations. In only a minority of foreign investments do African governments have a shareholding; even if they do this tends to be small, usually around 5-20%” the report says.
The report's findings are continuous with a multiple-centuries-long history of colonial and neo-colonial exploitation and extraction of Africa's vast and rich pools of resources and labor.
“There's such a powerful narrative in western societies that Africa is poor and that it needs our help. This research shows that what African countries really need is for the rest of the world to stop systematically looting them. While the form of colonial plunder may have changed over time, its basic nature remains unchanged,” Aisha Dodwell, with Global Justice Now said according to The Guardian.
The research confirms what many have said before about the harsh reality of exploitation and pillage that has affected the colonized world. In a sentiment that echoes the findings of the study, former President of Ghana, Kwame Nkrumah said half a century ago that “The result of neo-colonialism is that foreign capital is used for the exploitation rather than for the development of the less developed parts of the world. Investment under neo-colonialism increases rather than decreases the gap between the rich and the poor countries of the world.
Washington Capitals center Nicklas Backstrom (19). (AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
The timeline for when Washington Capitals top-line center Nicklas Backstrom might find themselves in the lineup again has ranged from uncertain to “for sure” being out for the season opener and a worst-case scenario return of Nov. 1. But the Capitals are encouraged by Backstrom's progress, enough to feel comfortable releasing veteran center Derek Roy from their professional tryout contract and talk about a firmer return date.
Backstrom had arthroscopic hip surgery in May, and Coach Barry Trotz said Backstrom will see their surgeon next week to assess where they are in their recovery from that. The consultation will also give the Capitals a tighter time-frame for when they will return to the lineup. Backstrom was in a bright blue non-contact jersey in practice on Tuesday.
“Originally, it was zero to 10 games,” General Manager Brian MacLellan said. “Now, it seems to be four or five games. There's still uncertainty there, but it looks like he's progressing well.”
“Nick is progressing very, very well,” Trotz said.
Backstrom's promising progression made the decision to release Roy from their professional tryout contract easier. At the start of camp, depth up the middle appeared to be a concern with Backstrom's status for the regular season uncertain, and it appeared Roy and 21-year-old Chandler Stephenson were jockeying to be a center on the third or fourth line.
But with the timetable now potentially four or five games rather than 10, the Capitals felt confident with their current options at center until Backstrom plays again, so Michael Latta will be the fourth-line center to start the season with Jay Beagle will be on the third line. Stephenson was cut on Sunday and will play in Hershey this season, while Roy is a free agent.
“I didn't want to be in a situation where Derek Roy didn't have a role after a couple games,” Trotz said. “All of a sudden, you just signed a player and you don't have a real defined role for him. That's what it really came to.”
Said MacLellan: “When Nick comes back, where's Derek going to play on our team? That was the questions we were asking.”
Trotz and MacLellan both said defenseman Brooks Orpik (wrist) is expected to play in the season opener on Saturday. They participated fully in practice on Tuesday.
A sixth Generation Honda Civic Hatchback
With a hatchback version of the tenth generation of Honda Civic expected soon, we've decided to take a brief look back on its history - specifically, the hatchback.
Yes, the Civic Hatchback - with its practical cargo space, fold down seats, and stylish appearance - is the object of our affection today. While hatchbacks have long been second tier to sedans in the US, you couldn't drive a lorry down the street in Europe without running into one there. More distinctive than many sedans and with better looks than a wagon, the Civic Hatchback has been a mainstay for those who value extra legroom and head-turning appeal.
A Hatchback History
A first generation Honda Civic Hatchback
Americans got their first taste of the Civic in 1978 when the first-generation was sold as a three-door hatchback and a sedan, which were virtually indistinguishable sans a fold-down seat in the hatchback.
By 1984, the Civic third-generation hatchback wheelbase grew by 5 inches, and a 1.5L 4-cylinder with a 3-valve head became standard across the line. And in 1986, Honda started building its Civics at its American plant in Ohio. The classic Si hatchback was also offered for the first time, and it was immediately popular thanks to its sporty dynamics, low cost, and above average fuel economy.
A third generation Honda Civic Hatchback
The fourth generation of the Civic debuted in 1988 along with the Next Generation of Star Trek, and each featured an all-new look. The new starship Enterprise received a facelift in the form of the 1701-D and was sleeker than its predecessor, just like the new Civic. Unfortunately, the new Civic DX hatchback didn't have Warp Speed - but it did pack a new fuel-injected, 1.5L 16-Valve 92 HP engine.
By the time the fifth generation debuted in 1991, the hatchback had not only increased dimensions but also received Honda's best overall EPA rating of 48/55 MPG. The futuristic look with aerodynamic lines was a huge hit along with the vast interior space. Among the trim levels available for the hatchback were the CX, DX, VX, and Si. By the sixth generation, the trim levels were down to two: the CX and the DX. However, the wheelbase did grow to 103.2 inches, and the 1.6 L engine now had a 106 HP output.
Unfortunately for the Civic citizens of the US, the seventh-generation hatchback was the last model to set tires on American asphalt. In contrast to strong sales in Europe, hatchbacks in general aren't as popular on this side of the Atlantic where crossovers and SUVs reign supreme. The last model year of the hatchback the US saw? 2005. The same year Tom Cruise jumped on Oprah's couch, Carrie Underwood won Season 4 of American Idol, and Green Day released American Idiot was the last time we saw a new Civic Hatchback.
While the US hasn't seen a new Civic Hatchback in a more than a decade, Honda seems to think us statesiders are ready for another round.
The 2017 Civic Hatchback
This spy photo of the 2017 Civic Hatchback from Car and Driver has us excited for what's to come!
With rumors swirling, Car and Driver got ahold of some spy photos of the 2017 hatchback in Europe, which is expected to appear in US showrooms sometime in early October. Though info's a little dicey, here's what we know so far about the new 2017 Civic Hatchback:
Sporting an aggressive and angular look, the new Civic Hatchback features a spoiler that's worked into the taillight assemblies along with a sculpted rear and bulging fenders.
The new hatchback will be built in the UK in Honda's Swindon plant and will feature 4 doors.
Though the US usually has to wait to receive cars after they've launched in Europe, the Civic Hatchback will be available to Americans first sometime in October. The UK-built car won't be available for Europeans until 2017.
It will have the option of taking the Civic's turbocharged 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine with a manual transmission.
Rumors point to a possible 300hp 2.0L turbo engine option.
If you can't tell, we're excited about the 2017 Civic Hatchback to drop. Are you? Let us know on Facebook!
DON”T FORGET TICKETS FOR STATTER911 PARTY TO SUPPORT NFFF – CLICK HERE TO DONATE
UPDATE
If the man in the video below was looking to have their point hear loud and clear by lot of people they succeeded. Their confrontation about the shopping habits of the firefighters has at least 4 million views on Facebook and YouTube. While STATter911 may have been among the first websites to share it is has since been picked up on sites beyond the fire service, like TheBlaze.com.
Zach Noble, The Blaze:
You don't see people chewing out firefighters very often, but one irate Northern California man wasn't afraid to give them an earful. The man's issue: Butte County firefighters were shopping in downtown Oroville, California, at a Raley's grocery store instead of at the closer — but more expensive — Wagon Wheel Market.
EARLIER
This video provides a great lesson in public relations. The firefighters from Station 64 in Butte County, California were finishing up a grocery run when they were confronted by an angry citizen complaining they were shopping at a store that wasn't near their firehouse. Watch how this is handled by the firefighters. The video was taken by another citizen who thought the complainer was out of line.
More fire videos from FireCritic.com
They showed this man nothing but respect and told them how to follow-up on their concerns. The firefighters weren't the least bit defensive or nasty. The citizen was on the attack and the firefighters did their best to de-escalate the situation rather than to give the man what they probably wanted … an argument.
Now, imagine how bad this could have looked for the firefighters if they had the same attitude toward community relations as the detective from NYPD we showed you a few days ago in a confrontation with a Uber driver (Click here for that must see video).
These firefighters acted as if there was a camera rolling on them all of the time while they are on duty. And in this case there was one.
With Justin Bieber's recent troubles and a Miami Beach Police Department Police Report mistakenly believing they were American, questions arose regarding a possible deportation. Now American is taking it upon themselves in trying to ensure the musician currently in Panama is not allowed to return to the U.S.
The Guardian reports a petition has been created on the WhiteHouse.gov site demanding the Obama administration "Deport Justin Bieber And Revoke Their Green Card."
UPDATE: The petition has since passed 100,000 signatures as of Wednesday morning. This now means the White House will have to respond in some form.
"We the people of the United States feel that we are being wrongly represented in the world of pop culture," the petition -- created on Jan. 23 -- says. "We would like to see the dangerous, reckless, destructive, and drug abusing, Justin Bieber deported and their green card revoked.  They are not only threatening the safety of our people but they are also a terrible influence on our nations youth. We the people would like to remove Justin Bieber from our society."
As of 4 p.m. Eastern on Jan. 28, the petition had over 78,000 signatures in just five days, well on the way to its target of 100,000 required by Feb. 22. If they reach that amount in time, the White House has to respond to the petition, regardless of what it's about.
Last year, that meant the White House responded to a "Star Wars" fan's petition to build a Death Star, saying they wouldn't because "The Administration does not support blowing up planets" and asked "Why would we spend countless taxpayer dollars on a Death Star with a fundamental flaw that can be exploited by a one-man starship?"
Meanwhile, a counter-petition requesting Bieber be allowed to remain in the U.S. has been created by supporters. However, this particular petition -- which says Bieber shouldn't be deported because "he is a human being and they make mistakes" -- has under a thousand signatures.
The counter-petition claims: "The whole idea of Justin Drew Bieber getting deported, is completely unfair. They don't deserve this.... With your help, we can stop it. He's human. He's not perfect. The media sees the bad side of him. Please. He's saved so many lives. Including mine. A lifesaver, Shouldn't deserve this."
Although press reports wondered after the infamous egg raid if Bieber could be deported from the U.S., TMZ reported that it could only happen if they were found guilty of any crime resulting in a year-long sentence or longer in prison, an aggravated felony or a crime of "moral turpitude."
Bieber, who completed their extensive Believe world tour late last year, is reportedly in Panama with manager Scooter Braun as well as Usher. According to TMZ, Braun and Usher visited the singer in what could be a possible intervention to help Bieber but a report included photos of Bieber walking along a beach.
While they haven't commented specifically on recent events, Bieber tweeted the following on Jan. 24:
I met Ann (a painter) on the waterfront July 4th. As I sat in the grass waiting for the fireworks, they were passing out flyers about Free the Oregon Elephants. They really didn't want to be interviewed on camera, but they said yes because they are concerned about the health and welfare of the elephants at the Portland Zoo.
There are eight elephants at the Portland Zoo, and Packy is the oldest, at 52. He's nearing the end of their life, sick with tuberculosis (a potentially fatal respiratory disease), has ankus (a pointed control device) wounds, foot disease, a wound on their face from lying on concrete, and a foot injury from repeatedly kicking a door, according to FOZE.
Radley describes a few of Packy's injuries:
Elephants in captivity have half the lifespan of wild elephants, and Courtney Scott, president of the FOZE board, said elephants cannot be held in captivity without damaging them psychologically. Elephants are sold back and forth from zoos to circuses, they said, and are beaten and abused in the process.
FOZE is holding a silent protest at the zoo (FB event) this Sat. (7/19) and are demanding that Metro send Packy to a wildlife preserve in California so they can complete their life in a more natural environment. The zoo is holding their Zoolala fundraising gala that day— so FOZE is calling their event Boolala. (Get it?)
According to a recent story in Willamette Week quoted on FOZE's website, Metro President Tom Hughes told the activists in June that Packy would not be sent to the PAWS wildlife preserve. Hughes wouldn't agree to an independent health assessment either. In a great piece, WW detailed recent problems at the zoo: its top veterinarian was fired, as was the zoo's director, and seven primates have died at the zoo.
Scott also said the zoo broke its promise to use a $125 million bond, issued in 2008, to improve the comfort and health of elephants by expanding their enclosure and establishing a new, more open elephant reserve outside of Portland. In the recent WW interview, Hughes expressed concerns about the new's facilities financing and location.
FOZE members said the bond money is going to the zoo's captive breeding program, and Radley doesn't think the new exhibit will happen without public pressure. Even if the new exhibit is built, Packy probably won't be around to enjoy it.
Many zoos are ending their elephant exhibits because they are harder to find in the wild and captive breeding programs haven't been very successful. Other zoos just don't have the space for the intelligent, social creatures.
From the FOZE website:
Packy has never known the freedom of walking through a rainforest. They have never known the native ﬂora of their homeland, smelled the muskiness of low woody plants or pulled a leaf from a tree. They have never felt the earth beneath their feet. They have never taken a mud bath or blown ﬁne dust on their skin to protect it from the sun. They have never heard the music of native birds, the thrum of insects and the calls of monkeys. They have never had a chance to be part of a bachelor herd. Instead, they are conﬁned to a cement cell and a small artiﬁcial exhibit where [he] is put on display.
Packy has not been on public display lately, concerning Radley and the FOZE activists. They didn't attend their birthday party this spring, though they were photographed at a media-only event two days later. An Oregonian article about their birthday discussed their tuberculosis treatment, but didn't mention the 70 protesters outside the zoo's gates. A commenter on the story chided the reporter for this omission, and not asking harder questions about Packy's health.
Scott and Bradley encourage folks to like FOZE's Facebook page, attend the protest, and contact Hughes and encourage them to allow Packy to retire:
Tom Hughes: 503-797-1889
tom.hughes@oregonmetro.gov
The GNOME Foundation announced today that Google and Motorola have joined the organization's advisory board and will sponsor ongoing development of the open source desktop environment. The foundation says that the new funding will be used to facilitate usability studies and improvements to localization and accessibility.
The advisory board has no direct authority over the GNOME project, but it provides guidance to the foundation's elected board of directors. The advisory board consists of non-profit organizations that are invited to join at no cost as well as corporations that make an annual financial contribution of $5,000 or $10,000 depending on the size of the company. The current lineup of corporate members includes Canonical, Novell, Red Hat, IBM, HP, Intel, Imendio, ACCESS, and several others.
Google is a major investor in open source software and also sponsors the efforts of the Linux Foundation and other similar groups. Google has already funded a lot of GNOME development through its annual Summer of Code program and uses the GNOME desktop environment internally on Ubuntu workstations. In a statement issued today, Google's Chris DiBona said that the search giant is "pleased to continue our collaboration with the GNOME Foundation through our membership on the Foundation's Advisory Board."
Motorola uses the GNOME mobile technologies in its Linux-based MOTOMAGX platform which is LiMo-compatible and ships on a variety of handsets. "For mobile Linux, Motorola believes in open standards and open source technologies," said Motorola software platforms vice president Christy Wyatt in a statement. "The Gnome Foundation allows us to expand our reach to the vibrant Gnome communities and be active in projects that we currently utilize from the Gnome stack, SQLite, gStreamer, and Bluez to name a few."
Oddly enough, Motorola's decision to join the GNOME Foundation follows shortly after news that the handset maker is shifting its focus to Android, which uses a Java-base middleware stack and doesn't leverage any components of the GNOME Mobile platform. Motorola's decision to join the GNOME Foundation could be a sign that Motorola's commitment to MOTOMAGX isn't going to be entirely abandoned as the company experiments with Android.
The GNOME project is gaining a lot of momentum, especially in the mobile space. Various technologies associated with GNOME are used in Maemo, ALP, MOTOMAGX, Moblin, Ubuntu Mobile, and OLPC's Sugar environment. The addition of Google and Motorola to the lineup of GNOME supporters is further evidence that Linux is making headway on the desktop and on handheld devices.
Everybody has at least one: a game that, for one reason or another, just never appealed to you despite its presence on the "best games of all time" list for many people. A game that you're almost ashamed to admit to hating in polite company, for fear that you'll be branded a gauche iconoclast (or, worse, an ignorant troll). A game that makes you question not just your tastes, but the concept of popular taste as a whole. I mean, what do people see in that game? This is an anthology of those games for some Ars' editors.
We go into this list knowing that our picks are going to be baffling to some of you, and that we're in the extreme minority with most of these picks. That's kind of the point. Before you accuse us of just trying to "stir the pot" with intentionally subversive picks, know that the author of each of these blurbs truly and honestly just doesn't like the game being discussed. Also know that, no matter how popular a game or series is among the general public, we fully believe that every game has its flaws, and that there is no title that can (or should) be universally loved by literally everybody.
With that, let the slaughtering of the sacred cows begin!
Dragon's Lair
by Kyle Orland
I was too young to catch the whole Dragon's Lair craze in the '80s, but I distinctly remember the first time I saw the game sitting alone in a movie theater lobby sometime in the early '90s. My reaction can be divided into three distinct stages.
Stage 1 (After seeing the game's "attract mode" animation from across the lobby): Holy crap? What is... how do they get graphics like that? Is there a VCR under there? The whole game doesn't really look like that, does it? No... it can't. Can it?
Stage 2 (After putting in a dollar—A WHOLE DOLLAR—to try it out): Oh my god, the game does actually look like that! I'm actually going to get to control a real cartoon! This is so awesome!
Stage 3 (After making a total of one correct move before dying three times in succession): What the hell was that? That sucked!
Dragon's Lair seems to keep getting ported to new platforms in the decades since I first saw it had that arcade experience (most recently winning a coveted Steam Greenlight spot), so there must be some market of nostalgia-filled gamers whose opinions of the game probably gelled during Stage 1 and 2 above. And while I can appreciate the artistry of the animation, which still holds up today, I find the see-a-flash-and-hit-a-corresponding-button gameplay just truly, utterly, stupefyingly bad.
This isn't just sour grapes after one tough arcade play either... I spent a good deal of time struggling with a CD-ROM version years later just so I could see more of those wonderful, fluid, moving drawings. It didn't change my opinion one bit. As a short film (or even a choose-your-own adventure "interactive" movie), Dragon's Lair would be amazing. As a game, it's awful.
Gears of War
by Sean Gallagher
For Christmas in 2006, there were two things on my wish list: An Xbox 360 and Gears of War. I wasn't disappointed on Christmas morning—the disappointment wouldn't arrive until some time around New Year's.
There were some innovative things about Gears of War's combat engine (shoot from cover! OMG!), and it held up well in multiplayer. But the single-player campaign came nowhere near living up to the wave of hype that Gears of War rode in on. The plot was plodding and monotonous. The AI for "squad members" and the list of commands available to direct them made them more of a liability than an asset most of the time. And then there were the absurd mechanics of that chainsaw assault rifle.
Unfortunately, after the Xbox 360 etched a scratch into my first copy of the game, I actually had to buy a second before I figured out it probably wasn't even worth paying for once.
Halo
by Lee Hutchinson
Halo, how I dislike thee. A first-person shooter with few redeeming qualities, it's the kind of game that would have been released into obscurity had it not been a launch title for the original Xbox. The game sported mediocre graphics, a cliche-filled and unoriginal single-player campaign, and a tired and uninspiring set of multiplayer options. In spite of these detriments, its position as the only multiplayer first-person shooter available to Xbox users guaranteed its success. Apparently when you're dying of thirst in the desert, any drink will do, even if it's your own pee.
Halo's success is particularly cringe-worthy considering how ridiculously inferior it was to first-person shooters available on PC. Its contemporaries include classic AAA titles like Aliens vs. Predator 2, Ghost Recon, and Return to Castle Wolfenstein, all of which were vastly superior to Halo in every way but one: they weren't available to Xbox users clamoring for a way to frag their buddies.
The game spawned a plethora of (much better, actually fun) sequels and has legions of fans, but the first game in the series was just plain bad.
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
by Andrew Cunningham
I think it was Twilight Princess that ultimately prompted me to give up on modern Zelda games. From the outset, there was something about it that felt perfunctory. It was obviously trying very hard to build a deeper, story-driven game on top of Ocarina of Time's sturdy foundation. And while there were certainly moments of greatness strewn amidst TP's bloated, 30-something-hour running time, in the end it just felt like Zelda-by-the-numbers. Get your sword. Go to the dungeon. Find item (dah dah dah daaaaaah!). Beat dungeon and boss with item. Explore around until you finally find the next dungeon. Repeat.
Twilight Princess was really just the culmination of a long-running trend. Both Zelda and Mario, two of Nintendo's biggest flagships, are respectful of their roots to the point that they sometimes feel fenced in by their conventions. But Mario has taken what made the original games so fun—precision platforming, great level design, and pick-up-and-play gameplay—and pushed it to the fore. Newer games have even forgone the tiresome, empty hub worlds of Mario Sunshine and Super Mario Galaxy in favor of a format that puts as little time between turning on the console and playing a level as possible.
Zelda, on the other hand, has taken the best elements from the NES and SNES entries—puzzle solving, exploration, and swordplay, in roughly that order—and weighed them down with over-long tutorials, interminable cutscenes, and fetch quests that pad the games' running time without really adding much to the fun. Twilight Princess added insult to injury by replacing the precise button controls with gratuitous controller waggling (in the Wii version), making it by far my least favorite entry in the series (though, to be fair, I haven't even given Skyward Sword a chance after Twilight Princess scared me off the series).
Listing image by Shardayyy
Conversations with Liminal Media Productions on their 360 project “Chennai Floods”
Tell us a little bit about yourself and Liminal Media ? What Inspired you to get into the world of 360 and virtual reality in the first place?
Thank you. My name is Saurabh Ranjan. I am the Co-founder and owner of Liminal Media Productions. At Liminal we aim to provide end-to-end solution for Virtual Reality content development through innovative shooting and editing techniques. We are focussed on utilizing the maximum potential of the medium by implementing new storytelling methods.
My career started as a photographer, I was working for a real estate company in the imagery research and development division where I got introduced to Virtual Reality and also my business partner and VR editor Mr. Manish Bhanushali. A month later Aditya Bhairi an ISB( Indian School of Business) grad joined us as a business analyst. Since then this team has been working together.
Technologies of media are like engines of empathy, Cinema being the epitome of the communication technologies which allows you to see the world from another point of view acting like a stimulus for us to become more compassionate and empathetic towards others. With the rise of Virtual Reality the idea of fully immersive, virtually rendered dream world, where you can literally get to another world was very fascinating for us.
VR being the portal to another world and the ability to get inside someone else's world was never possible without this technology and that was what inspired us to get into the world of 360.
Please tell us your inspiration behind your latest project, “Chennai Flood Story”? what gear did you use for the project?
$15 billion worth of destruction to one of the largest cities in Asia due to floods is unheard of. Chennai is a vibrant and one of the largest cities in India. After Katrina in US, we saw firsthand what natural calamities can do to large urban areas.
We heard about this catastrophe in the news, and the next thought in my mind was how can we help Chennai. We started investigating deeper to what exactly was the reason for the floods and found some really shocking facts. We wanted to help the flood victims by raising funds through the documentary. And the implementation of this medium in such a situation to create something which can deliver a true sense of the place and the surrounding, was our inspiration for the film.
Through the documentary we also want to raise a very important question. “Is this disaster human-made?” and if so who should be held responsible. As the facts suggest, apart from the El-Nino cyclone there were other reasons for such devastative consequences of the floods. like ill management of the reservoirs, uncontrolled urbanization, and diminishing of marshlands. The level of water reached to 5-6 meters (19 feet) in some areas after 30,000 cusecs of water was released in 12 hours from one of the reservoirs. Can you imagine standing in one of the biggest and ancient cities in the world and realising that you are suddenly in 20 feet of water?
In order to shoot this project, We used 7 GoPro cameras mounted on a 360 Rig for shooting the videos and a lapel mic for the audio.
What made you decide to shoot the short in 360 as opposed to traditional medium? Are there segments in the short where you feel ..Aha I couldn't have done this without 360?
By using Virtual Reality medium, we want the user to be teleported to the place of disaster and give him/her a true experience of the place to help them understand the situation better.
We imagined the kind of intimacy people will have when they watch this scenario in VR. There was no way we could have generated such a reaction from the audiences if this had been shot on traditional video format.
We merged traditional flat videos which were given by the Natural Disaster Response Force on our 360 videos so that people watching it would be able to see the situation at the time of the floods with the flat videos while experiencing the impact and the aftermath of the disaster in 360° footage. As said earlier we wanted to get the maximum coverage of the situation with the 360° medium so I think all the shots were needed to be captured in 360°.
There is a lot of change that is transpiring in this nascent industry. As you know, the technologies are changing and the art of storytelling is evolving every day. As a leader, how are you and your team preparing for these rapid changes? And more importantly how is the Indian subcontinent adapting to VR/360 ?
Evolution is the nature of everything. We have come a long way from theaters, books, cinema, T.V to Virtual Reality and this will keep evolving with time. In terms of storytelling, I think the most primitive technology which we have still preserved are Dreams. And VR is about creating these dream spaces.
The grammar of VR still being not very concrete apart from some guidelines, We are experimenting with different styles of storytelling with VR, with my experience VR filmmaking is more inclined to theater performance rather than films for its long cuts and one-take performances. We are also working on block diagrams and storyboarding in VR. I think Indian subcontinent is picking up the technology very well, by trending of 360° videos worldwide with some really good production quality, people have started to rotate their phones already. A lot of Indians made HMD`s are also available online while Indian startup “Absentia” with Tesseract headset just bagged US$181,000 funding. Since Oculus did not announce plans of entry into the Indian market, local companies such as Absentia are trying to establish themselves in this niche.
New VR content developers are also emerging from different parts of the country contributing to the international VR community. The Indian VR market is growing rapidly with the initial involvement of Bollywood, social and cultural events and media firms.
What are some of the other projects that you are planning for 2016?
We are plans to produce cinematic VR experiences by integrating both photo-realistic and 3D rendered spaces. We are also working on photogrammetry and its implementation in VR. Apart from cinematic VR we are also looking forward to creating unique VR experiences for hospitality, tourism, advertisement and event industries.
In your opinion, what are some of the key challenges around building solid, 360° content? What advice to do you have for up and coming content/filmmakers in this area?
As the technology is nascent there are a lot of challenges in creating a solid 360° content. GoPro cameras get overheated very quickly and does not give much dynamic range on the edit while Cinematic cameras like Nokia OZO and Jaunt are very expensive. Dealing with as high as 8k resolution needs very high computing power and software support, live preview on VR while shooting is not possible with the GoPro setup so it becomes difficult to monitor the footage which is being captured. Apart from the technical difficulties other challenges in cinematic VR includes blocking of the scene, hiding the crew, lighting the set, movement of the actors etc.
So we need an experimental approach for filming 360° content with creative problem-solving abilities. My advice to upcoming VR content developers is to experiment with the technology as much as possible, at the end VR is about immersing the user into your own imagination as John Perry Barlow says “VR will further expose the conceit that reality is a fact, providing another reminder of the seamless continuity between the world outside and the world within, delivering other major hit to the old fraud of objectivity.” With the rise of such a powerful medium, it's our responsibility as content developers to contribute to the technology by creating new and unique experiences and furnish the grammar of Virtual Reality.
This has been really great. It gives our readers a perspective around how VR/360 is starting to become a mainstay in countries such as India. We really wish you and your team all the best and look forward to hearing from you as you add more projects to your portfolio.
This has to be the coolest piece of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles merchandise that I've seen so far. When I first got the chance to review this backpack, I thought it would be just for small kids. But I was quite surprised when it arrived in the mail. It's grown-up sized! It even looks appropriate on my 5'10" boyfriend!
There are many geeky backpacks on the market these days, giving you plenty of opportunity to show off your style and obsessions. But if you are a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fan, this is a great backpack for you. It makes you look like a turtle, and it is very functional.
Some cool features of this backpack include:
The backpack comes with nunchucks and two swords that you can tuck in the orange belt.
The whole backpack is padded, so your items inside will be protected, including a laptop (we discovered that a 9" x 12.5" laptop fits really well).
The shoulder straps are padded for comfortable wearing.
The straps are adjustable up to a grown-up size and down to a kid size.
There are cute little nubbins that go around the oval of the shell, which really appeals to me for some reason.
The double zipper is very sturdy.
The back of the pack is padded and has a breathable texture.
In addition to the main compartment, it comes with two large pockets, an iPod-sized pocket, three pencil pockets, and a 2x3 pocket which is good for a phone. The large pockets are big enough for a Kindle or iPad Mini (the smaller one) and a laptop (the larger one). The main compartment would probably hold three good sized books (think the seventh Harry Potter book) on top of everything else.
Rory, my boyfriend and the resident TMNT expert in the house, had a few things to say. They say the shell backpack doesn't just look like a Ninja Turtle shell, it looks like a turtle shell. They also think that it comes with an odd combination of weapons – the Raphael daggers and the Michelangelo nunchucks (along with the Michelangelo belt). They also said that the weapons aren't really play quality, but are more of a decorative quality.
Caption TK Photo: Peter McCollough/Wired
While we were trying different things with the backpack, Rory said they thought if we put an egg inside and throw it off the house that the egg would survive intact. So... for science... we tried it. We put an egg in a Zip-Loc bag and put it in one of the inside pockets. Then we dropped it off our balcony, about 15-20 feet down. Sure enough, Rory was right. The egg remained in one piece. Now, I'm not promising it will protect all of your items, but that's still a pretty good test.
We also tried a bit of a weight test. The backpack holds about 10 pounds of books fairly well. I picked some dense books, and there was definitely room for them. But it would have been a bit uncomfortable to carry more weight than that. But unless you fill the backpack with rocks, it should hold just about anything you want to put in it.
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Shell Backpack retails for $45.00, and you can pre-order it now. Every TMNT fan on your list will want one of these. It's a fun and very functional way to bring some Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles play into your day. It would be great for sleepovers, school, or just walking around town. You can also check out the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle website for more toys and clothes.
Note: I was sent the backpack for review purposes.
Yesterday, Glenn Beck gave their State of the Union. Today, they talked about the state of our union. There was a difference there, I promise. To sum it up; he's very worried, hates Jersey Shore, likes some of YouTube but hates other parts of it, and doesn't think we should see people as enemies. Unless they deserve it.
The enemy part was quite interesting. Beck explained that we are in danger of no longer being the great melting pot that we once were (demonstrated with a Schoolhouse Rock clip which was nice but not as fun as the fishstick cookie tray) because now we have so many people trying to turn us against each other and make us enemies. They launched into a monologue next that basically sounded like a Glenn Beck version of “Everybody's Free (to Wear Sunscreen)”:
“I have news for you. There will always be rich and there will always be poor. There will always be black and white and brown. There will always be Wall Street but there will also be Main Street. Greedy bankers and good bankers. Oil companies and solar powered companies. Fast food restaurants that just wanna make you fat and salad bars just that drive you out of your mind. Someone will always also have something that you don't have. Yes, Donald Trump has some things that George Soros doesn't and vice versa. But they're not necessarily enemies over what they have and don't have.”
And, do you hear that noise? That's a thousand websites and TV shows looking to find every instance that Glenn Beck has called or said someone was their enemy. I'm going to take a guess that there were at least a couple.
But fear not, Beck fans! Beck has an out! You see, people aren't enemies because of who they are, what they have, or what they believe. No, they're enemies because of what their “agendas” are. Huge difference. Of course, your mileage on this explanation will probably vary quite a bit.
Now, the headline of this post promised Jersey Shore bashing and don't think I've forgotten it. After all, dissing that show will probably be the only thing Glenn Beck says all year that I can agree with without any reservation. Yes, Beck got into the MTV and then entire time I kept regretting Steve and Glynnis were gone because a Beck vs. Jersey Shore argument probably would have caused a fist fight.
Beck then got into the subject of how people allow themselves to be swayed and allow themselves to be filled with “poison.” Some of them don't even know they're watching poison when they watch stuff like this. Stuff like…Jersey Shore. And what does it do to them? Well, it causes them to post videos on YouTube showing people fighting each other viciously. Beck then showed a few of said videos and talked about how the people have been warped by the need for instant fame.
“When you have the desire for fame and notoreity, and you combine it with a complete lack of priorities and values and principles, you've got a mess on your hands.”
But, Beck explained, we don't want to ban YouTube or Jersey Shore. The problem isn't the “tube” after all, it's the “you.” Beck said they couldn't even understand the people in the videos fighting and they didn't want to. They didn't want people to tell them they had to.
We can only assume that they all had terrible agendas.
Watch the clip from Fox News below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
A candidate in Nevada could become elect the first openly transgender person to be elected and seated in a state legislature, the New York Times' Josh Barro reports.
Lauren Scott, a Republican in a district that includes part of Reno and Sparks, describes themselves as a centrist in the mold of former President Teddy Roosevelt. They founded the LGBT rights group Equality Nevada, and they were appointed to the Nevada Equal Rights Commission by Gov. Brian Sandoval, also a Republican.
Scott defected from the Democrats and joined Republicans in 2011. They state on their website that they tend "to disagree with the Democrats on issues of taxation and business development."
Jon Ralston, a veteran Nevada political reporter and television host, told Barro that Democrats are worried about the race, but they still expect Scott to lose. Scott's district leans Democratic, but Democrats reportedly experienced a turnout collapse in early voting across Nevada this, including in this district.
Much has been written about white working-class men this political cycle because they represent the voting base on which Republican candidate Donald Trump largely depends. Yet recent polling suggests that another demographic segment – white college-educated women – could be their Achilles heel. I have calculated just how many votes it would cost them if white college-educated women vote the way they have stated they will be in recent polls. If the polls are accurate, even a supersized turnout of working-class white men would not be nearly enough for Trump to win the election.
Since 1968, Republican presidential candidates have won the white vote in general. Working-class whites, men in particular, have become a mainstay of Republican support, and college-graduate whites have consistently voted Republican. As political writer Ron Brownstein points out, however, white college-graduate women have recently voted less Republican than their male counterparts, and sometimes a majority voted Democratic, though not by large margins.
This year's election could be historic by making white college-educated women a lynchpin of a decisive Democratic win – an unintended consequence of Trump's full-throated old-style male bravado, as a contrast to Clinton's more inclusive messages. These women not only favor the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, but do so decisively – a shift that occurred just after both parties' conventions took place. The difference is tallied in ABC/Washington Post polls of registered voters for mid-July and early August, as shown in Figure 1. Before the conventions, Clinton held a slight edge over Trump, 45 percent versus 42 percent among white college-graduate women, but their advantage widened sharply to 57 percent versus 38 percent after the conventions.
Of course, the Trump advantage among white noncollege men was even more considerable, 69 percent for Trump versus 27 percent for Clinton – stronger than the Republican advantage for this group in the 2012 election by about 10 points. The other two white groups – white college-graduate men and white noncollege women – also favor Trump though, for the latter, less so than their male counterparts.
Clinton continues to maintain a strong advantage among racial minorities, 75 percent versus 18 percent. But unlike the case for President Obama's elections, these poll numbers show Clinton to have another influential group strongly in their corner: white educated women.
Translating poll numbers to votes
While the poll numbers are useful, they do not, by themselves, show how many votes Clinton and Trump would receive from these different groups. To do that, I produced simulated 2016 election results, showing numeric Clinton or Trump vote advantages accruing to each demographic group. These results apply voter turnout rates from the 2012 elections to 2016 Current Population Survey estimates of eligible voters (citizens of voting age). To this 2016 estimated voter population, I then attributed the Clinton and Trump voting preferences of the pre-convention and post-convention polls displayed above.
Table 1 shows the estimated 2016 Clinton minus Trump vote differences that would result from both the pre-convention and post-convention polls. Clinton would win under both scenarios, but the magnitude of the win would increase substantially – from a nearly 5-million-vote victory to a 10-million-vote victory – when assuming the post-convention poll results.
The main reason for this difference is the outsized contribution to Clinton of 4 million net votes from white college-graduate women. This is a rise from the 659,000 net gain for Clinton that this group contributed under the pre-convention polling scenario. It makes the difference between a solid Democratic win and a near landslide win. Throughout the nation's history only four previous presidential candidates (Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Lyndon Johnson and Franklin Roosevelt) showed winning margins that exceeded 10 million votes.
Increasing voter turnout for white working class men
The 2016 estimates shown in Table 1 make the assumption that voter turnout (the percent of eligible voters who vote on Election Day) would be the same as in the 2012 presidential election. Yet voter turnout can change with elections, especially if there is strong candidate enthusiasm associated with a specific group (e.g. blacks showed unprecedented turnout for President Obama).
In light of Trump's focus on the concerns of white working-class men, there is reason to believe that this group's turnout will increase compared with earlier elections. Since at least the 2000 election, white noncollege men turned out to vote at markedly lower rates than white college-graduate men. In 2012, their respective turnout rates were 55 percent and 79 percent.
To take into account the possible increased voter turnout of white noncollege men, I re-estimated the size of the 2016 voter population, this time assuming that the turnout of these men equaled the 79 percent turnout rate of their college-educated counterparts. This level of turnout probably reflects the maximum number of noncollege male turnout that we can expect. Figure 2 indicates that, as a result of this assumption, the number of white noncollege male voters would increase from 27 million to 38 million – nearly equal to the total number of minority voters.
The question of what this inflated voter population of white working-class men would imply for the overall vote is answered in Table 2. This simulation of the 2016 election alters the post-convention result shown in Table 1 by including the newly enlarged group of white working-class voters. It shows that these voters now contribute a net 16 million vote gain for Trump, in contrast to 11 million in the earlier simulation. Yet even with the assumption of extreme white working-class male turnout, the election results in a 5 million votes win for Clinton. This indicates that if Clinton can sustain the support of white educated women shown in recent polls, they can overcome supersized turnout of white working-class men.
Of course, these 2016 election scenarios reflect poll results and voter intentions that could change between now and the election. The immediate post-convention surge in Clinton support among educated white women could tamp down. Yet most poll results taken to date show stronger Democratic support for these women than in recent elections, a result which carries over into greater white college-graduate support in key industrial swing states that Trump is counting on, like Pennsylvania.
This will be an extraordinary election – pitting the first female presidential candidate from a major party against a man who is appealing to voters that want to return to America's past. It will likely divide demographic voting blocs like never before. The division between the voting patterns of white-working-class and racial-minority voters will probably be larger than in the past. But recent polls suggest that there could be a new demographic divide within the white population with white college-educated women turning into a meaningful Democratic bloc. If this split within the white population persists until Election Day, it could result in a landslide win for Clinton over Trump.
Whiley v0.3.22 Released! The next release of Whiley is now available. This implements some significant changes to the language syntax, as discussed in this post and this post. Although the migration towards this new syntax is not fully complete, it is largely working well. Specifically, the main changes in this release are: Draft Language Specification . Perhaps one of the most important additions to the Whiley system is an early draft of the Whiley Language Specification. This document can be obtained online here, and provides the most comprehensive account of the language to date. Over the coming months, this will be further fleshed out to give a complete account of the language.
. Perhaps one of the most important additions to the Whiley system is an early draft of the Whiley Language Specification. This document can be obtained online here, and provides the most comprehensive account of the language to date. Over the coming months, this will be further fleshed out to give a complete account of the language. Whiley Parser Rewritten . To implement the new syntax and to make the language more robust to variations in the use of whitespace (e.g. for multi-line expressions), the parser was rewritten from scratch.
. To implement the new syntax and to make the language more robust to variations in the use of whitespace (e.g. for multi-line expressions), the parser was rewritten from scratch. Front-end refactored . The front end of the compiler is responsible for parsing and type checking Whiley source files, as well as performing WyIL code generation. The structure of this was previously somewhat incoherent, and I've made significant efforts to improve this and more code comments.
. The front end of the compiler is responsible for parsing and type checking Whiley source files, as well as performing WyIL code generation. The structure of this was previously somewhat incoherent, and I've made significant efforts to improve this and more code comments. Build-system refactored . The build system has been refactored into three modules: the Whiley File System (WyFS), the Whiley Build System (WyBS) and the Whiley Compiler Collection (WyCC). This is partly to improve coherence of the code, and partly in preparation ahead of splitting up the compiler to use a plugin system. Additionally, the build system was reworked to support the generation of multiple binary files from a single source file (this was needed for properly implementing lambdas in the JVM backend).
. The build system has been refactored into three modules: the Whiley File System (WyFS), the Whiley Build System (WyBS) and the Whiley Compiler Collection (WyCC). This is partly to improve coherence of the code, and partly in preparation ahead of splitting up the compiler to use a plugin system. Additionally, the build system was reworked to support the generation of multiple binary files from a single source file (this was needed for properly implementing lambdas in the JVM backend). Whiley Standard Library refactor . The standard library has been ported to the new language syntax and also refactored so that File.Reader actually implements Reader (finally).
. The standard library has been ported to the new language syntax and also refactored so that actually implements (finally). Visibility Modifiers Implemented . The visibility modifiers (i.e. public , private , protected ) have properly implemented now (at last).
. The visibility modifiers (i.e. , , ) have properly implemented now (at last). Implementation of Lambdas on the JVM reworked. The implementation of lambda's on the JVM has been reworked to avoid using reflection. This was necessary to support visibility modifiers. Overall, I am very pleased with this release as it represents a lot of improvements to the language. In terms of the new syntax, the following are the major outstanding pieces yet to be implemented: Flow Typing ignores Declared Type . Currently, the flow type checker ignores the declared type of variable. This means that you can currently assign a declared variable a value of any type!
. Currently, the flow type checker ignores the declared type of variable. This means that you can currently assign a declared variable a value of any type! Verification ignores Declared Type. Currently, the verifier ignores the declared type of variable and, in particular, any invariants implied by this type. Therefore, you cannot currently use the declared type of variable to enforce an invariant for the lifetime of a variable. The above will hopefully be fixed in the near future. As usual, you can get the latest files below. Furthermore, you can now run Whiley in your browser from here, whilst the Eclipse plugin will be updated in the near future. wdk-src-v0.3.22
Created on February 14, 2014. 334 Downloads, 3.7 MB.
BSD License Created on February 14, 2014. 334 Downloads, 3.7 MB.BSD License wyjc-all-v0.3.22
Created on February 14, 2014. 440 Downloads, 2.3 MB.
BSD License Created on February 14, 2014. 440 Downloads, 2.3 MB.BSD License Leave a Reply
Image caption Larry sported a patriotic bow tie on the day of the royal wedding
The prime minister has told the BBC that Larry the cat has caught three mice since they moved into Number 10.
The four-year-old tabby was recruited in February after a rat was spotted in Downing Street.
Speaking to Radio 2's Steve Wright, David Cameron said they were "a good mouser" and was "doing well".
They said Larry was "not very keen on men", but seemed happy to be stroked by US President Barack Obama when they visited London in May.
Larry - who came from London's Battersea Dogs and Cats Home - is the first prime ministerial cat for more than 10 years.
Their predecessor Humphrey left Downing Street within six months of Tony Blair's arrival in 1997.
Mr Cameron said: "He's a good mouser. I think he's got three mice - verifiable."
The PM said they had taken a photograph on their mobile phone of a mouse in their kitchen, but Larry was yet to be put in that room.
They said that while the animal was a "bit nervous" around most men, the US president seemed to be an exception.
"Funnily enough they liked Obama," they said.
"Obama gave them a stroke and they were all right with Obama."
The Chinese government appears to be looking for a showdown with Australian billionaire James Packer. Their gaming empire, Crown Resorts, is reeling in response to the massive raids on its Chinese operations and the detention of 18 staff.
The longer term business and public relations ramifications are still unclear as is any effect the raids may have on the economics of Packer's Sydney Barangaroo casino project which aims squarely at capturing the Chinese VIP gaming market.
It appears to be no accident that Chinese authorities undertook the highly orchestrated precision raids on all Crown International's Chinese offices when the Australian executive that ran Crown International VIP gaming, Jason O'Connor, was in town.
Sources said that O'Connor rarely travelled to China and picking the timing of their visit looks like an attempt to maximise the impact of the raids which were simultaneously undertaken across Crown's offices in all Chinese locations.
The U.S. Port of Oakland in California has said its cargo volume declined ‘dramatically' in January due to the ongoing labor dispute affecting West Coast ports.
The Pacific Maritime Association (PMA) and the International Longshore and Warehouse Union (ILWU) have been negotiating a new contract since last May, with severe congestion seen in many ports over the last three months.
The Port of Oakland said in a statement that its containerized imports were down 39% from January 2014, while exports shrunk 26%, and total volume was off 32%.
“With a decline in productivity and a breakdown in vessel schedules at all U.S. West Coast ports, cargo volumes are far from normal,” Port of Oakland maritime director John Driscoll said.
The Port said importers had begun diverting containerized cargo to gateways outside the U.S. West Coast. These include ports in Canada, Mexico and the U.S. East Coast.
It added that exporters had been challenged in shipping cargo to overseas markets because of vessel delays and diversions.
Recently the Chilean Fruit Exporters Association (ASOEX) said port delays were putting US$45 million worth of fruit that was currently on two ships sitting on the water at risk.
U.S. President Obama also recently intervened in the conflict between the PMA and ILWU, sending Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez to help resolve the situation.
The U.S. Department of Labor told www.freshfruitportal.com in a statement Secretary Perez was due to have meetings today (Feb. 17) with both parties in San Francisco, where they would ‘urge the parties to resolve their dispute quickly at the bargaining table.'
It said there were no further updates at this time.
Photo: Port of Oakland, via Wikimedia Creative Commons
www.freshfruitportal.com
Following their interview discussing the production processes and motivations behind their latest album, Powers Of Ten,XLR8R invited Stephan Bodzin to show off their mixing skills by contributing to our podcast series. For many years, the Bremen-born musician and label head—widely recognized to be a hugely influential figure in the global techno scene—has been acknowledged for their production work, an endeavor of theirs that can be traced back to their earliest years where they dabbled in the studio with their father before releasing their critically acclaimed debut album, 2007's Liebe Ist. As for their DJing, it has always been perceived as the secondary part of Bodzin's artistic repertoire, something that is perhaps understandable given the quality of their production—and the fact they didn't even get behind the decks until after their 36th birthday, over nine years ago.That said, with a musical ear as good as Bodzin's, spotting the emotional connection between records comes naturally—and for this week's podcast, they compile a techno-orientated selection, many laced with the Moog bass and hissing hats that they have made their own.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
For the podcast, did you have a particular idea behind what you wanted to achieve, or did you just head into the studio and let it go? Were you going for a particular mood?
My idea was to mix up tunes from my album with the stuff I'm playing out at the moment, and then topping it up with some unreleased stuff. In this particular case I should mention that this podcast is premiering three unreleased gems.
1. The opener, my remix for Pan-Pot's "Sleepless" from their brand new (and stunning) longplayer, The Other. Thomas and Tassilo were just closing their smashing Boiler Room set with this one last weekend, to be released soon on Second State.
2. The synthapella of my recent Life and Death release, "Singularity". It's a non-beats version, just the synths, no percussions etc. This one, like all 10 synthapellas of my Powers of Ten album, will be released with the upcoming remix-album of Powers of Ten, which includes remixes by Maceo Plex, Pan-Pot, Max Cooper, Extrawelt, Fur Coat, Agents of Time and and and…out January 2016.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
3. Luna Semara's superwarm and intense tune, "Mustafa." It's fresh from the studio here in the mix.
How and where was the mix recorded?
It was mixed inside Ableton, last weekend while touring Argentina.
How long did you think about the mix before you actually started recording?
Not too long. I never actually do.
For you, how do you ideas and visions for a preparation for a podcast differ to that for a DJ set?
The folder that I use for a DJ set is far more complex and holds up to about 60-80 tracks, just to be able to react to how the night is going. For the podcast, I had those three key tunes that I mentioned before and built the rest of the set around them.
What else have you got coming up this year?
Ha! I've said it already:
1. Remix of Pan-Pot.
2. Remix album of Powers of Ten (+ including all synthapellas).
3. Working on a remix for Rodriguez Jr at the moment.
4. Preparing a BIG surprise for 2016.
01 Pan-Pot "Sleepless (Stephan Bodzin remix)" (Second State)
02 Marc Romboy "Hypernova (Stephan Bodzin remix" (Systematic)
03 Stephan Bodzin "Lila" (Herzblut)
04 Rework "Acid Control (Fur Coat Remix)" (Yakazi)
05 Hunter/Game "Adaption" (Kompakt)
06 Tales of Us & Mind Against "Astral" (Life and Death)
07 Rafael Cerato "Sekater" (Systematic)
08 Stephan Bodzin "Singualrity (Synthapella)(Herzblut)
09 Luna Semara "Mustafa" (Unsigned)
10 Stephan Bodzin "Wir" (Herzblut)
XLR8R Podcast 406 - Stephan Bodzin
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Adam West has died at the age of 88.
The American actor, who was best known for their work in the 1960s series of Batman, passed away on Friday night following a short battle with leukaemia, their family confirmed.
A statement from their bereaved relatives said: "Our dad always saw themselves as The Bright Knight and aspired to make a positive impact on their fans' lives. They were and always will be our hero."
They died in Los Angeles surrounded by their wife Marcelle, their six children, five grandchildren and their two great-grandchildren.
(Image: Getty Images North America)
(Image: Rex Features)
They were born in Walla Walla, Washington, on 19 September 1928 as William West Anderson to a wheat farmer and opera singer.
On their rise to fame in the late 1950s, Adam found themselves starring in Paul Newman's The Young Philadelphians, followed by Robinson Crusoe On Mars and Redux Riding Hood.
A stint in Spaghetti Western The Relentless Four in 1965 came just as Batman producer William Dozier came across their ad campaign for Nestle's Quik and asked them to fly home from Europe to meet with him.
They immediately signed a contract but with one condition - that they could approve their on-screen sidekick Robin - which turned out to be inexperienced actor Burt Ward.
(Image: Channel 4)
(Image: Rex)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The ABC show was nominated for an Emmy Award for outstanding comedy series in just its first year, with a feature-length movie being released in 1966 ahead of the second season.
Despite their success as Bruce Wayne's troubled alterego, Adam found themselves unable to pick up work thanks to typecasting - something which would frustrate them immensely over the next few decades.
They made a living from doing personal appearances as Batman - including various public service announcements in the US.
West also appeared in numerous theatrical films, including The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker in 1971 and The Happy Hooker Goes Hollywood in 1980, as well as a host of television movies.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: WireImage)
(Image: ITV2)
A younger generation of fans will recognise the actor for their voiceover work in animated comedy series Family guy - where they played Mayor Adam West.
Quahog's madcap politician became a cult hero - giving a new lease of life to West's career and introducing the actor to a legion of new fans.
The hilarious character has regularly appeared since the show's second season - and in their time in office has legalised weed because of a catchy song, dated schoolgirl Meg Griffin and been revealed as a Russian sleeper agent.
West also played a fictional version of themselves in Season 4 of The Simpsons, where Bart and Lisa refused to believe they were the real Batman and got scared by their weird dance moves.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: FilmMagic)
In 2012 they received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, which is located in front of the Guinness Museum in California.
West was married to Billie Lou Yaeger from 1950 to 56 and Ngatokoruaimatauaia Frisbie Dawson from 1957 to 62.
They had a son Hunter and daughter Jonelle with their second wife, before marrying Marcelle Tagand Lear in 1970.
They met wife Marcelle in 1970 after posing for a publicity photo with them in their Batman costume - before marrying them in 1970.
They had daughter Nina and son Perin together, with West also becoming stepfather to Moya and Jill.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: Wire Image)
Seth Green, who worked with West as a voice actor on Family Guy as Chris Griffin, led tributes to the great actor.
“He was a true hero of mine — grew up watching them as Batman, and got the privilege of both working with and directing him,” Green said.
“He's generous and always classy. Very sad to think of the world without our beloved Mayor. How lucky we are they left so much behind.”
(Image: Archive Photos)
(Image: REX)
(Image: Getty)
Burt Ward, who played West's sidekick Robin, also gave a heartfelt tribute to their Batman co-star and friend.
"I am devastated at the loss of one my very dearest friends,” Ward said in a statement reported by Variety.
"Adam and I had a special friendship for more than 50 years. We shared some of the most fun times of our lives together. Our families have deep love and respect for each other.
"This is a terribly unexpected loss of my lifelong friend. I will forever miss him. There are several fine actors who have portrayed Batman in films. In my eyes, there was only one real Batman that is and always will be Adam West. They were truly the Bright Night."
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news and breaking news visit http://www.mirror.co.uk/3am/
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @MirrorCeleb.
We're also on Facebook.com/MirrorCeleb/ - your must-see celebrity news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Daily Mirror, Sunday Mirror and Mirror Online
Artist Bea Camacho Will Knit Herself into a Yarn Cocoon at the ICA
Well, that's one way to 'yarn bomb.'
Keep your weekends full of the coolest things to do around Boston with our weekly Weekender newsletter.
If you're the type who likes to see creative, wild, and weird things in person before everyone else, then mark your calendars for November 13 or 15, when artist Bea Camacho will literally knit themselves into a yarn cocoon at the ICA. Talk about a “yarn bombing”!
Technically Camacho will crochet their chrysalis—not knit—but technical terms aside, the performance is a response to “Fiber Sculpture: 1960-Present,” the current exhibit at the ICA dedicated to the malleable material. The live performance will be similar to previous ones Camacho has done, such as Enclose (above), which took 11 hours to complete.
Sound quirky? Well, yeah.
After all, what do you say when you're walking through a museum and see a woman sitting there on the floor crocheting themselves a sleeping bag?
True, this performance seems a little off-the-wall upon first glance. However, as Camacho explains about their similar previous projects, the work “deals with ideas of isolation, security, shelter, and of shaping one's own environment.” In other words, stare all you want, since they too are working to separate themselves from you all the while. In another video work, Camacho crocheted themselves into yarn that was the same color as their surroundings. In this case, Efface was not just about wrapping themselves up, but also about disappearing into their surroundings.
Camacho's work is about blurring the lines between what fiber can be: art, clothing, architecture. The formation of a chrysalis echoes the ICA exhibit's exploration of the material as an organic medium, pliable to the artist's will—and to the audience's interpretation.
Free with admission, Thursday, November 13, 10 a.m.-8 p.m., and Saturday, November 15, 10 a.m.-4 p.m., Institute of Contemporary Art, 100 Northern Ave., Boston, icaboston.org.
Given the mightiness of the myth, it was a tiny piece of work: less than eight inches long, four inches wide and four inches high. It twinkled under spotlights in a glass case in a room of its own on the fourth floor of the museum. It was a representation, in gold and copper, of a raft made of tree trunks or reed, bent and tied at the ends to form a flat oval.
Ten or so figures sat around the edge of the raft, two of them bearing banners. At the centre was a taller figure, a chieftain, clearly, adorned with headdress, earrings and nose ring. They were El Dorado – the gilded one.
No story about Latin America is as potent as that of the place of untold riches; a place that generations of fortune-hunters have searched for in vain. Colombia has its own version. The Muisca people who occupied the eastern range of the Andes at the time of the Spaniards' arrival were farmers, who lived in constant fear of drought. To them, all lakes were sacred, all water spirits to be propitiated. Reports of their harvest ceremonies consistently say that a leader was covered in gold dust, and that gold and precious stones were thrown into the water.
That ritual is depicted in what has become known as "the Muisca raft", centre piece of the Gold Museum in the Colombian capital, Bogotá. The museum, one of the best in Latin America, shows how gold was mined or extracted, worked, used and worn, and offered up for return to the earth.
Its collection of artefacts includes crowns, masks, breastplates and pendants as well as images of birds and animals. Though the most intricate pieces were reserved for the upper classes, gold in pre-Columbian societies was available to all, as a Spanish priest, Friar Pedro Simón, observed in 1623: "No Indian woman was without… jewels, earrings, necklaces, crowns… All the girls had four or six gold jewels around their neck."
Watching me scribble this down, Fabio, my guide, said: "Gold was what they came for. They did whatever they had to do to get it." They meant the conquistadors – but gold lust did not end with them.
Guerrillas as well as gangs in modern-day Colombia have moved into mining because gold is soaring in price and is easier to trade in than cocaine. In river basins in the province of Antioquia forests are being torn up and waters polluted with the liquid mercury that is used to separate gold from sediment. The result, according to a UN-commissioned engineer quoted by The New York Times, is that Colombia is "the world's largest per capita mercury polluter from artisanal gold mining".
Were Lake Guatavita not in a state park, the gold-diggers might be busy there too. The lake, less than an hour's drive into the hills north-east of Bogotá, was one where the Muisca made devotional offerings. It was drained not only during Spanish rule but as recently as 1912 by a British engineer, Harley Knowles. They claimed to have found gold and even Chinese jade, though in nothing like the quantities suggested by the myth of El Dorado.
Looking down on the lake, from the rim of a crater punched as neatly as if by a meteorite, Fabio and I could see a scar running from top to bottom. Otherwise, the slopes were thickly wooded, much as they would have been at the time of the Muisca's ceremonies.
We looked to the east, from which, it is said, the elders would have set out on their raft as the sun came up, inching their way towards the centre where, at noon, they would offer up gold and emeralds. Then their leader, covered in oil and dusted with gold, would plunge into the water.
After a quiet period at the centre of the lake, the raft would set off again, accompanied by chanting, dancing and singing, arriving, eventually, at the western shore at sunset. It seemed a hell of a long time, I said to Fabio, to spend crossing a lake barely 1,000 feet in diameter.
"Yes," they said with a smile. "In order to spend a day, they had to be very creative." Almost as creative as the myth-makers of El Dorado.
Colombia essentials
Boots on the ground in Syria ‘if the US strategy includes going after Assad,' says Turkish PM
ISTANBUL
Davutoğlu made the remarks in an interview with CNN, CNN reporter Christiane Amanpour wrote via their Twitter account on Oct. 6. AA Photo
Ground troops can be used in the operation targeting the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) as part of a comprehensive strategy also targeting the Bashar al-Assad regime, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu has reportedly said.Davutoğlu made the remarks in an interview with CNN, CNN reporter Christiane Amanpour wrote via their Twitter account on Oct. 6.The prime minister's interview with Amanpour was set to be aired late Oct. 6.“Turkish PM @Ahmet_Davutoglu tells me there can be boots on ground but only if the U.S. strategy includes going after al-Assad too,” Amanpour wrote on Twitter.Davutoğlu also reportedly said Turkey will join the coalition against ISIL “only with a no-fly zone and safe havens inside Syria.”According to Amanpour, Davutoğlu claimed that if al-Assad stayed in power it would only help ISIL grow.“Turkish PM tells me they'll try to help Kobani in a humanitarian way, but unless al-Assad is stopped, ISIL grows+more towns will fall,” they wrote.Meanwhile, when asked about U.S. Vice President Joe Biden's recent remarks accusing Turkey of helping jihadist groups against al-Assad, Davutoğlu said Turkey “expects fairness and empathy.”“The United States of America has a border with Mexico and there are two states on both sides,” Davutoğlu said in part of the interview, the video of which was published on CNN's website.“Is it easy to control the entire border? Some 1.6 million people came, you can imagine what types of risks and challenges we are facing,” the prime minister added.
Just 64 days after newly minted Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke rode a horse to the White House for their first day on the job, the Department of the Interior announced it would conduct a thorough review of 27 national monuments. By early June, Zinke had already released a report that recommended downsizing Utah's Bears Ears National Monument.
If Zinke's proposal to reduce the size of Bears Ears—and the monument review itself—was unprecedented, so is the massive invitation to the American public that came with the review. The DOI opened Regulations.gov, telling people to speak their minds about the monuments under question and the effects of the Antiquities Act, which the president may wield without consulting the public.
By the morning of June 27, with two weeks remaining until the deadline, more than 396,000 comments had been submitted. “Must we destroy everything? Can't we simply have beautiful, natural spaces that everyone can enjoy at any time during their life?” wrote one commenter. “I support Rescinding Bears Ears National Monument,” wrote Ryan Erik Benally, a Native American resident of Montezuma Creek, Utah. They expanded in an email to Outside: “We would like to enjoy living the way we've always had, without the need of an oppressive BLM-run national monument which would be no different than our questionable relationship with the government's Bureau of Indian Affairs.”
As of publication, comments are still flooding into Regulations.gov in tidal waves of several thousand per day, and the DOI is also accepting snail-mail comments. But what exactly happens to all that feedback?
The first step: Someone will read every comment. It's reasonable to wonder if Zinke has enough staff to do so. As of this publication, of the 558 key governmental positions in the executive branch, 409 had yet to have someone nominated to fill them. According to the Washington Post, in the DOI alone, the director of the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and the U.S. Geological Survey had no nominees.
No additional people were hired to sift through comments, says Heather Swift, press secretary for the DOI. They say that “a team of approximately 20 existing employees from various bureaus” will read them. If the commenting continues at a steady pace of 5,000 per day until commenting closes on July 10, there will be more than 400,000 comments to read. That means each of those 20 employees will have to read 15,000 comments before the final report is released on August 24.
“We fully expect—and they are on pace—to go through all of the comments in time for the Secretary to have all the information before they make their final decisions,” Swift says. “Each comment counts equally.” So comments like “undo everything obama did !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” and “Please be strong and resist those liberals” will carry the same weight as the pleas for preservation and conservation.
Then, each comment will likely be tallied depending on whether it's a vote for or against the review. “Many of the comments are general and say something along the lines of ‘I like monuments' or ‘I don't like monuments,'” Swift says. “Those will be counted, of course,” but the DOI will also note the comments that come in for each specific monument.
Swift can't yet say how the final tally will be presented—if officials will simply get a final count of “for” and “against” comments, or if they will see particularly poignant comments as well. Because Zinke has discretion when making their decision, it's not necessarily just a popularity vote. Many are putting strategy into making their comment stand out and resonate with him. Hundreds of commenters are invoking the spirit and policies of Theodore Roosevelt, who created the Antiquities Act 111 years ago. “These monuments are a legacy of Teddy Roosevelt. They and all fifteen subsequent presidents—of both parties—have recognized the need and value of protecting these public lands,” wrote one commenter. “I urge you to uphold Roosevelt's legacy and maintain these monuments for current and future generations.”
Joel Webster, director of western lands at the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, sees this as perhaps the best appeal. “Zinke sees Theodore Roosevelt as a figure in American history they look up to. I think it's important to draw that connection,” they say. “He's got a picture of Theodore Roosevelt in their office that they bring from office to office.” In fact, Zinke has been called a “Roosevelt fanboy” after hashtagging their Twitter bio with “#TeddyRoosevelt & #PublicLands fan.”
Conservation organizations have also encouraged members to share deeply personal stories rather than hollow letters of support. Citizens have flooded Zinke's office with postcards donning photographs of the Grand Staircase-Escalante monument and the Giant Sequoias of Northern California. On one, a child's scrawled handwriting begged Zinke to leave the monuments as is. “We do not want oil,” wrote a six-year-old girl. “We need good plants.” People shared memories of family vacations and honeymoons, of vision quests and adventures, of being children and feeding chipmunks. They told Zinke that, as Americans, there is a need for quiet and sanctuary in a world where “there is so much unrest and ugliness.”
Even with the volume and fervor of responses, public comments are just one factor weighing Zinke's final decision. He'll also consider information gathered during on-the-ground monument tours and meetings with tribal representatives, local officials, historic preservation experts, and other stakeholders. The DOI, too, is holding its own meetings. In May, Swift says the acting deputy secretary “held a four-hour meeting with tribal officials on Bears Ears and other monuments,” setting up a “specialized channel for tribal input via monument listening sessions.”
John Gale, conservation director at Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, says the whole premise of this review process is flawed: Each of the monuments under review already underwent robust approval processes, including public listening sessions and garnering support of locals, members of congress, and senators. “The argument that they didn't get an opportunity to be vetted publicly is really a false claim,” Gale says. “It's just an excuse for trying to unravel what has already become a really fantastic contribution to our national legacy.”
Or as one commenter wrote, destroying that legacy “is unconscionable…like cutting off some stars from the American flag.”
"Don't boo, vote," President Obama often says in their stump speech whenever crowds boo a Romney plan.
The off-hand call to vote may be by design. It comes amid a precipitous decline in Democratic voter registration in key swing states -- nowhere more apparent than in Ohio.
Voter registration in the Buckeye State is down by 490,000 people from four years ago. Of that reduction, 44 percent is in Cleveland and surrounding Cuyahoga County, where Democrats outnumber Republicans more than two to one.
"I think what we're seeing is a lot of spin and hype on the part of the Obama campaign to try to make it appear that they're going to cruise to victory in Ohio," Cuyahoga County Republican Chairman Rob Frost said. "It's not just Cuyahoga County. Nearly 350,000 of those voters are the decrease in the rolls in the three largest counties, Cuyahoga, Hamilton and Franklin."
Frost points out that those three counties all contain urban centers, where the largest Democrat vote traditionally has been.
Ohio is not alone. An August study by the left-leaning think tank Third Way showed that the Democratic voter registration decline in eight key swing states outnumbered the Republican decline by a 10-to-one ratio. In Florida, Democratic registration is down 4.9 percent, in Iowa down 9.5 percent. And in New Hampshire, it's down down 19.7 percent.
"It's understandable that enthusiasm is going to wane a little bit from that historic moment (in 2008)," says Michelle Diggles, the study co-author and senior policy adviser for Third Way. "You can only elect the first African-American president of this country once."
The dip in registration has been framed by some as the result of Republican efforts to suppress the vote - an accusation that Ohio Secretary of State John Husted, a Republican, categorically rejects.
"That's kind of a silly notion that removing deceased people and duplicate records from the roll has anything to do with voter suppression,” they said. "It actually has to do with voter integrity. They can't point to one legally registered voter that's actually been removed from the rolls."
The Third Way study, which was conducted in August, indicates the Democrats' drop in registered voters coincides with a gain in independent voters.
"There are about half a million more independents now than there were just for years ago," Diggles said.
One Democratic Party consultant told Fox News that independents in Ohio may be leaning Democratic - an effect that may be tied to the bailout of Chrysler and GM. One of eight people in Ohio work in businesses directly tied to the auto industry. The state has been carpeted with Obama ads that point to their bailout of the industry and it's managed bankruptcy.
Mitt Romney also favored a managed bankruptcy of the auto industry. But they criticized the expenditure of taxpayer money and the preferential treatment given to union-linked creditors over the industry's secured creditors.
Others question the bailout's effect on swaying the minds of independent voters. In the words of Diggles, independents are "not a stable voting block at all."
To understand Adore, one has to revisit 1995's Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. The double album and follow-up to 1993's critical and commercial diamond, Siamese Dream, would go on to draw comparisons to Pink Floyd's The Wall, produce five chart-scaling singles, nab seven Grammy Award nominations (winning one), and be certified 10x Platinum in the United States. Suffice it to say, the Chicago troupe didn't enjoy success; they were smothered by it. So, three years later and following a year-long, sold-out tour, The Smashing Pumpkins returned home destroyed rather than saved. While on tour, Chamberlin was shown the exit and taken to rehab after they and touring keyboardist Jonathan Melvoin overdosed on heroin together in New York City (the latter succumbing to the drug). Corgan, however, was dealt the worst blows: Not only did they lose Chamberlin, but their marriage was ending just as their mother died of cancer.
“At that time, there was just so much negativity, I just couldn't handle it,” Corgan recently explained to Radio.com. “I just was not equipped to deal with it. To put this in context, 18 months earlier, I could do no wrong! We were selling out arenas, we were on television, the cover of Rolling Stone. And the next thing you know, 18 months later, you're persona non grata. It's not just persona non grata to the world, when you're persona non grata with the record label, that's a cold wind that blows up your back.”
(Read: The Very Best of The Smashing Pumpkins)
And so, Adore comes to represent what follows at the end of the rainbow, when the path to glory turns to rocky ground and meanders back into the creepy thick. Looking back, it's easy to see how the Pumpkins stumbled into this murky pocket after enjoying the spotlight for so long, but at the time, it was all too humbling for an artist like Corgan. But true artists revel in the valleys and fear the peaks, and that's exactly what Corgan did. To borrow a handful of words from Friday Night Lights‘ Coach Taylor: “Every man at some point in their life is gonna lose a battle. He's gonna fight and he's gonna lose. But what makes them a man is that in the midst of that battle they do not lose himself.” Rather, the band's mastermind found themselves again.
Come May 1998, Corgan and co. remerged from the darkness as industrial goths with a twisted new single in “Ava Adore” and an accompanying video that worked more as a mission statement than any sort of promotional item. Directed by Dom and Nic, who had just paired David Bowie and Trent Reznor together a year prior for “I'm Afraid of Americans”, the one-take video proved fashionable enough for accolades at that year's VH1 Fashion Awards and iconic enough to frame the Pumpkins in a new light — or, rather the dark. But really, “Ava Adore”, with its sexy electronic loops and stomping percussion, simply evolved the DNA that made Mellon Collie‘s “1979” their greatest hit. Hell, their second single, “Perfect”, became the song's spiritual successor, so much so that its music video is, in fact, a sequel to the events that transpired in the iconic video for the 1996 hit.
(Read: Our Interview with Billy Corgan)
Following “Ava Adore” and “Perfect”, however, the general public started to turn away from the Pumpkins, and that's what makes the album even more tragic. Despite a glowing review in Rolling Stone, written by Greg Kot no less, Adore failed to make any sort of commercial dent. In hindsight, the dramatic ballad “Crestfallen” might not have been the best choice as a third single, given that eventual fourth single “To Sheila”, the energetically drowsy “Appels + Oranjes”, or even the graceful “Shame” were just sitting there waiting. Nonetheless, it was a lost cause. The album had no “Zero”, there wasn't going to be another “Bullet with Butterfly Wings”, and whatever nostalgic magic “1979” held over their generation had simply washed down the drain. As Kot wrote in the asupervisorstioned review, “[Adore] isn't just a transitional record; it's a complete break with the past.”
Sixteen years later, those words ring true. Having now heard Machina/The Machines of God, Machina II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music, and even Corgan's disastrous solo album, TheFutureEmbrace, it's obvious this “complete break” was always Corgan's intention. In fact, if you go way, way back to the '80s, it's the same sound that gave the guy their start, whether it was with their Florida outfit, The Marked, or the original demos they tracked early on with guitarist James Iha, material they described in 1994's Vieuphoria as “gloomy little goth pop records.” That description could apply to all of Adore, an album constructed from the architectural blueprints of past goth pop masterpieces, what with its intimate, heart-on-its-sleeve poetry (“For Martha”, “Blank Page”); ambient, tortured wailing (“Behold! The Night Mare”, “Crestfallen”); and self-destructed rage (“Ava Adore”, “Daphne Descends”). Licking their wounds, Corgan did what everyone else does in the pits: They returned to the past, while keeping an eye on the future.
(Read: Smashing Pumpkins Get Dissected)
What makes the reissue so fascinating, then, is seeing how that madness all came together. Similar reissues for Gish, Siamese Dream, and Mellon Collie have all proven quite exceptional, but Adore‘s return haunts with intrigue and vitality. It's not just a hodgepodge of forgotten material; it's a story finally ready to be shared. And it's told through 107 tracks broken down into six different albums. Whoa. There's the remastered LP, its mono counterpart, and then four discs that collect Corgan's demos (“In a State of Passage”), the outtakes (“Chalices, Palaces, and Deep Pools”), even more outtakes (“Malice, Callous, and Fools”), and select live cuts (“Kissed Alive Too”). It's no doubt an arduous task, especially when another version of “For Martha” pops up, but it's essential to anyone looking to unravel the Pumpkins lore.
A few highlights include the Rick Rubin-produced “Let Me Give the World to You”, an early acoustic rendition of “Appels & Oranjes” titled “What If?”, a banjo-led rendition of “To Sheila”, and a soft demo titled “Valentine”. Actually, it's the non-electronic material recorded at Corgan's Sadlands home studio that offer the set's most intimate experiences. On another demo titled “Sparrow”, Corgan gets so close to the mic that it feels as if he's humming the words right beside you. These demos are hardly rough, either, strong enough to be carved out for a lost acoustic album. Consider them, instead, loose artifacts of Corgan's mindset at the time, a doorway into their barest emotions before they were fully realized and awash in synthesizers. However, one moment that's worth skipping to is Sean “Puffy” Combs' inspired remix of “Ava Adore”, a cinematic reimagining that tailors Corgan with Sting-approved tapestries — simply put, it's interesting.
(Watch: Billy Corgan on Rock It Out! Blog)
But “interesting” is so closely intertwined with hindsight, a finicky attribute of any reissue. After all, on a long enough timeline, everyone comes around to ingenuity, and that's what these packages intend to propose. While Adore isn't exactly genius, it's certainly of the same fabric: a tortured portrait of tortured artists that will always remain tortured. The difference between this collection and, say, the future reissue of the really polarizing Machina albums is that the Pumpkins were still inches away from the ledge, pushing back against whatever force was attempting to hurl them off. This struggle offered one last glimpse of the Midwestern boy everyone hated to love, as opposed to the man everyone would love to hate. For a few hours, it's nice to feel the bitter love again.
Essential Tracks: “Let Me Give the World to You (Rick Rubin)”, “To Sheila (Early Banjo Version)”, “What If? (Streeterville Demo)”, and “Valentine (Sadlands Demo)”
Dead and Company wrapped up a two night stand at the historic Fenway Park last night. Just when you thought Dead and Co was finished with the surprises this tour, they go and drop an acoustic “Dark Star” on you.
In my many years of listening to the Dead, never have a came across an acoustic version of their masterpiece, “Dark Star.” Bobby joked about it during a benefit concert with Joan Baez and Jerry Garcia, but they didn't actually play it. Let me know if I am mistaken and there is a killer acoustic version of “Dark Star” floating around out there.
To close out the first set, Dead and Company treated Fenway to “Friend of the Devil” (Acoustic), “Dark Star” (Acoustic) > “Ripple” (Acoustic.) Luckily Richard Smith was there on the rail to capture the once in a lifetime moment. The video starts out with an incredible “Friend of the Devil” and then segues into “Dark Star.” “Dark Star” was cut into two different live videos. The second part is below.
This was just one of many highlights from night two at Fenway. Looking forward to getting my hands on a recording of this one!
Wow.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A school resource officer used a Taser on a "very unruly" student at Elko Middle School on Wednesday, according to Henrico Police spokesperson Lt. Chris Eley.
"We are currently evaluating all of the evidence involved in the incident to ensure all policies and procedures were followed," Lt. Eley wrote in an email about the incident.
Before the Taser was used, the 14-year-old student was not obeying instructions from administration and was notified that they were suspended from school, police said. The student was screaming when taken to the school office.
"The juvenile then attempted to re-enter the school. The officer attempted to take the juvenile into custody and they resisted," Lt. Eley said. "The officer deployed their Taser and the juvenile was taken into custody."
The teenager was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and trespassing. Anyone with additional information about this situation can submit a tip here.
In the rush to denigrate President Donald Trump and all things conservative, “Full Frontal” host Samantha Bee swept up a cancer patient in their partisan assault… and then tried to quietly delete the video when the colossal screw up was realized.
But then, the internet is forever.
Advancing the left's narrative that Trump and their supporter are the second coming of Nazi Germany, a clip mocking pro-Trump attendees at CPAC 2017 referred to a patient undergoing chemotherapy for stage 4 brain cancer as having “Nazi hair.”
Stephen N. Perkins, editor-in-chief of OUTSET, shared the offending clip in Twitter:
*Warning for harsh language.
Megan Coddington responded to the clip on Twitter:
When @iamsambee makes fun of your brother for having "Nazi hair." They actually have stage 4 brain cancer, but whatever floats your boat. pic.twitter.com/ULJC8nA3IX — Megan Coddington (@meg_kelly16) March 9, 2017
It appears that the young man in the photo also responded with a direct appeal to the Canadian “comedian.”
Also, it's not a Nazi haircut. Richard Spencer's is, but mine's from cancer. 🤷🏼‍♂️🤷🏼‍♂️ — Kyle Coddington (@kbcoddington) March 9, 2017
Backed into a corner with nowhere to turn, Samantha Bee had little choice but to apologize:
@meg_kelly16 We deeply apologize for offending you and @_that_kyle. We only learned of their condition today & have removed them from the piece — Samantha Bee (@iamsambee) March 9, 2017
But that didn't get them off the hook with social media users:
That's not the point @FullFrontalSamB. You're looking at young people and associating them with nazis because of their haircut. Disgusting. — Kassy Dillon (@KassyDillon) March 9, 2017
@FullFrontalSamB and maybe add that not everyone with that hairdo is a Nazi. For example- millions of dykish punk rock gals. — authentic paint (@authenticpaint) March 9, 2017
@FullFrontalSamB @_that_kyle Judging a woman by their appearance a no no Judging a young man by haircut…fine. #hypocrisy — Hillary for Mayor (@CharliefromNYC) March 9, 2017
@FullFrontalSamB @_that_kyle The foolish woman is loud, Undisciplined, and knows nothing.
Prov 9:13 — Rob Russell (@1ruslcrew) March 9, 2017
@FullFrontalSamB @_that_kyle I thought NOT judging people on their looks was a progressive liberal virtue. #shameonyou — ☞ (@derpitydooda) March 9, 2017
@FullFrontalSamB @_that_kyle How about instead of apologizing for “offending” him, you apologize for being crass and shallow? — Steve Kirby (@Skinny_Steve_A1) March 9, 2017
@_that_kyle – Once again, the Left trying to be funny. If you do it to one of them, they go ballistic and threaten boycotts. @iamsambee — Dave Thomas (@newstouse) March 9, 2017
H/T: Twitchy.
Geographic Range Gallus gallus is native to Southern Asia, particularly the jungles of India. Gallus gallus spread all over the world when people domesticated the chicken. This account primarily discusses the wild species (Philips 1999, Stevens 1991, Peterson and Brisbin 1999) Biogeographic Regions
oriental native
Habitat Gallus gallus lives in thick secondary forest or lush belukar. In the morning or evening, the bird can be found in an open area by wide earthen tracts or clearing, where the red junglefowl finds food. Sometimes G. gallus can be seen in oil-palm estates. (Ponnampalam 2000) Terrestrial Biomes
forest
Physical Description Gallus gallus' plumage is gold, red, brown, dark maroon, orange, with a bit of metallic green and gray. There are also some white and olive feathers. Two white patches, shaped like an ear, appear on either side of the head. Gallus gallus can be distinguished from other chickens not only by these white patches, but also by the grayish feet. The red junglefowl can measure up to 70 centimeters in length. They have a total of fourteen tail feathers. Gallus gallus rooster tails can be almost 28 centimeters in length. The red junglefowl rooster is said to be more brilliantly colored that its tame relative. During June to October, G. gallus moults into an eclipse plumage. An eclipse plumage is, for male, black long feather across the middle of their back and slender red-orange plumes on the rest of their body. For a female, an eclipse plumage cannot be distiguished, but they do moult. The female red junglefowl is leaner than tame hens. (North and Bell 1990, Ponnampalam 2000, Stevens 1991, Peterson and Brisbin 1999) Other Physical Features
endothermic
bilateral symmetry Average mass 2580.2 g 90.93 oz AnAge
Average basal metabolic rate 6.005 W AnAge
Reproduction The breeding season of the red junglfowl is spring and summer. The chicks will start their lives in the warmth of the summer sun. An egg is laid each day. For twenty-one days before hatching, the chick will develop inside of the egg. On the first day, the heart and blood vessels of the chick develop and start to work. At the end of the first day, the head starts to take shape. By the fourth day, all organs of the future chick are present. On the fifth day, external sex structure developed. By the thirteenth day, the skeleton begins to calcify using the calcium from the eggshell. From the time when the egg is laid until hatching, the chick feeds on the yolk that surrounds him. The yolk penetrate in the chick body by the umbilicus. On the twenty-first day, the chick, now fully developed, starts to break through their thin shell. This action can take anywhere from ten to twenty hours. (North and Bell 1990) By four to five weeks of age, the chicks are normally fully feathered. Their first adult wings' feather will take another four weeks to grow. When the chicks are twelve weeks old, the mother chases them out of the group. They will then go on to form their own group or join another. At five months old, the chicks reach sexual maturity. The females reach sexual maturity a little later than the males. (Limburg 1975) Key Reproductive Features
iteroparous
gonochoric/gonochoristic/dioecious (sexes separate)
sexual
oviparous
Lifespan/Longevity Average lifespan
Status: captivity 30.0 years Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research
Behavior Gallus gallus has very distinctive social system involving a pecking order, with one dominating all, and one submitting to all. There is one pecking order for female and one for male. The physical action for dominace is to raise the tail and head. Submission is shown when a G. gallus lowers their tail and head, crouches, and tilts the head to one side. Hens feed safely under the protection of the dominating cock. In order to fight, hens need to go at least ten feet from the dominating cock. When a dominating cock dies, the next higher cock in the pecking order takes charge immediately. The pecking order is introduced to chicks when they are just a week old. An order is accomplished in about seven weeks. The dominating cock's sphere of influence is about sixty to seventy feet. (Limburg 1975, Ponnampalam 2000) Key Behaviors
flies
motile
Communication and Perception Perception Channels
visual
tactile
acoustic
chemical
Food Habits Gallus gallus is an herbivore and insectivore. Red junglefowls eat corn, soybean, worms, grass, and different kinds of grains found on the ground. They cannot detect sweet tastes. They can detect salt, but most red junglefowl do not like it. (Damerow 1995, Limburg 1975, Ponnampalam 2000)
Economic Importance for Humans: Positive These birds are used mainly for eggs and meat production. The red junglefowl is sometimes used for cock fighting or chicken competitions. Gallus gallus feathers were used for pillows and mattress. (Limburg 1975, Peterson and Brisbin 1999)
Economic Importance for Humans: Negative Gallus gallus is such an easy animal to take care of and can find food for themselves that it does not have a negative impact on economy or humans. (Limburg 1975, Phillips 1999)
Conservation Status Red junglefowl have been mostly genetically interbred with domestic and feral chickens, as a survey of 745 museum specimens has shown. A sign of pure wild genotypes for G. gallus is, for males, an eclipse plumage. This eclipse plumage has been seen only in populations in the western and central of the species' geographic range. It is believed that G. gallus has disappeared from extreme south-eastern Asia and the Phillippines. This suggestion is supported by an intense scientific collection made in 1860. In the 1960's, studies in north-eastern India revealed a population of red junglefowl exhibiting the eclipse plumage. The purity of the species is in danger because of the region's dense human population, whose domestic chickens could continue to contaminate G. gallus genetically. (Peterson and Brisbin 1999) IUCN Red List Least Concern
More information
IUCN Red List Least Concern
More information
US Federal List No special status
CITES No special status
Gallus gallus can live up to ten years. The molting process, taking the old feathers and putting new ones on, for an adult, takes about three to four months every year. The memory of the red junglefowl is very short. (North and Bell 1990) Domestic chickens, Gallus gallus domesticus, are believed to have originated from a continental population of Gallus gallus gallus. (Fumihito, et al., 1996)
Contributors Zoe Gautier (author), West Windsor-Plainsboro High School, Joan Rasmussen (editor), West Windsor-Plainsboro High School.
Glossary acoustic uses sound to communicate bilateral symmetry having body symmetry such that the animal can be divided in one plane into two mirror-image halves. Animals with bilateral symmetry have dorsal and ventral sides, as well as anterior and posterior ends. Synapomorphy of the Bilateria. chemical uses smell or other chemicals to communicate endothermic animals that use metabolically generated heat to regulate body temperature independently of ambient temperature. Endothermy is a synapomorphy of the Mammalia, although it may have arisen in a (now extinct) synapsid ancestor; the fossil record does not distinguish these possibilities. Convergent in birds. forest forest biomes are dominated by trees, otherwise forest biomes can vary widely in amount of precipitation and seasonality. iteroparous offspring are produced in more than one group (litters, clutches, etc.) and across multiple seasons (or other periods hospitable to reproduction). Iteroparous animals must, by definition, survive over multiple seasons (or periodic condition changes). motile having the capacity to move from one place to another. native range the area in which the animal is naturally found, the region in which it is endemic. oriental found in the oriental region of the world. In other words, India and southeast Asia. oviparous reproduction in which eggs are released by the female; development of offspring occurs outside the mother's body. sexual reproduction that includes combining the genetic contribution of two individuals, a male and a female tactile uses touch to communicate visual uses sight to communicate
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Across-the-board spending reductions on January 2 would cut the Pentagon's funding by $54.7 billion in fiscal year 2013, reducing the readiness of non-deployed units, delaying investment in new equipment and weakening research programs, according to a new White House report.
An aerial view of the Pentagon building in Washington, June 15, 2005. REUTERS/Jason Reed
A long-awaited report by the White House Office of Management and Budget said that $15.3 billion of that total would come from Pentagon procurement accounts and $7.48 billion from research and development programs.
An additional $26.4 billion would come from the Pentagon's total operations and maintenance accounts which fund the daily operations of the U.S. military, the report said.
Detailed tables provided the first detailed look at how the reductions would affect individual parts of the U.S. Defense Department's budget, including the following cuts:
- $2.24 billion from Navy aircraft procurement accounts, used to fund early production of Lockheed Martin Corp's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and additional purchases of the V-22 tiltrotor aircraft built by Boeing Co and Textron Inc's Bell Helicopter unit
- $2.14 billion from Navy shipbuilding accounts, used to fund work on a new aircraft carrier being built by Huntington Ingalls Industries, nuclear submarines and destroyers, also built by Huntington Ingalls and General Dynamics Corp
- $843 million from Army aircraft procurement, which could hit some big helicopter buys from Boeing and Sikorsky Aircraft, unit of United Technologies Corp
- $1.25 billion from other Army procurement accounts
- $2.01 billion from the Air Force aircraft procurement account, a large chunk of which was to be used for F-35 purchases
- $2.23 billion in other Air Force procurement accounts, money spent on classified weapons programs
- Of the total $26.4 billion in operations and maintenance cuts, $3.27 billion would come from the Pentagon's health program
- $4.29 billion from Navy operations and maintenance accounts
- $6.87 billion from Army operations accounts
- $4.27 billion from Air Force operations accounts
- $1.33 billion from the Pentagon's fund for helping Afghanistan develop its own security forces.
Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved
Associated Press - MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) - An Arkansas driver has been sentenced for trading a tractor-trailer filled with lunch meat for crack cocaine.
According to the Shelby County District Attorney's Office, 45-year-old Larry Bowen was sentenced to one year of in-patient drug treatment and six years of probation. The Mabelvale man also was ordered to pay $18,500 in restitution.
Bowen had been hired to deliver more than $50,000 worth of lunch meat in Alabama and Florida. When the meat was not delivered, officers found Bowen and the truck at a Memphis service station. The trailer was in a nearby storage facility with about a third of the lunch meat missing.
Bowen told police they stopped at the service station three days earlier and "inadvertently" traded the rig to two men who offered them crack cocaine.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Blog Archive Feb 2019 (53) Jan 2019 (62) Dec 2018 (62) Nov 2018 (59) Oct 2018 (57) Sep 2018 (56) Aug 2018 (57) Jul 2018 (57) Jun 2018 (56) May 2018 (57) Apr 2018 (55) Mar 2018 (56) Feb 2018 (53) Jan 2018 (55) Dec 2017 (53) Nov 2017 (51) Oct 2017 (57) Sep 2017 (56) Aug 2017 (57) Jul 2017 (58) Jun 2017 (57) May 2017 (57) Apr 2017 (54) Mar 2017 (56) Feb 2017 (52) Jan 2017 (53) Dec 2016 (53) Nov 2016 (54) Oct 2016 (57) Sep 2016 (55) Aug 2016 (57) Jul 2016 (57) Jun 2016 (52) May 2016 (51) Apr 2016 (54) Mar 2016 (58) Feb 2016 (54) Jan 2016 (53) Dec 2015 (56) Nov 2015 (55) Oct 2015 (58) Sep 2015 (55) Aug 2015 (58) Jul 2015 (56) Jun 2015 (47) May 2015 (59) Apr 2015 (57) Mar 2015 (62) Feb 2015 (58) Jan 2015 (62) Dec 2014 (62) Nov 2014 (60) Oct 2014 (62) Sep 2014 (60) Aug 2014 (61) Jul 2014 (64) Jun 2014 (61) May 2014 (63) Apr 2014 (60) Mar 2014 (63) Feb 2014 (56) Jan 2014 (64) Dec 2013 (63) Nov 2013 (60) Oct 2013 (65) Sep 2013 (89) Aug 2013 (93) Jul 2013 (95) Jun 2013 (91) May 2013 (93) Apr 2013 (92) Mar 2013 (94) Feb 2013 (85) Jan 2013 (94) Dec 2012 (90) Nov 2012 (89) Oct 2012 (94) Sep 2012 (125) Aug 2012 (138) Jul 2012 (130) Jun 2012 (119) May 2012 (141) Apr 2012 (130) Mar 2012 (134) Feb 2012 (62) Jan 2012 (43) Dec 2011 (30) Nov 2011 (27) Oct 2011 (8)
Chris Herhalt, CP24.com
The province's Special Investigations Unit is probing the circumstances of an arrest along the Harbourfront on Tuesday evening that left a male cyclist with serious injuries.
At 5 p.m. on Tuesday, investigators say a Toronto police officer saw a 44-year-old man on a bicycle run a red light on Queen's Quay, east of York Street.
The officer then proceeded to arrest the cyclist and during the course of that interaction, the SIU says the cyclist a suffered serious injury.
Investigators have designated one subject officer and two witness officers as part of the inquiry.
Anyone who witnessed the arrest is asked to call the SIU at 1-800-787-8529.
The SIU is called to investigate any interaction between an Ontario police officer and a member of the public that results in death, serious injury or an allegation of sexual assault.
In a new nationwide poll released today, of the estimated 90 million people not expected to vote in the 2012 Presidential Election, President Obama is favored over Mitt Romney by a 2-1 margin. This astounding number of people – whose voices will not be heard – could make for an extremely close election, coming down to a handful of swing states up for grabs this fall. Historically, we have seen an alarming continuing trend that, for whatever reasons, approximately 40% of eligible American voters simply fail to cast a ballot for who they want to serve as their president and commander-in-chief.
What is wrong with these people? Is it that they are unpatriotic…or are there other troubling reasons for their apathy that we need to address. Indeed, some of these people are likely tuned out and turned off to all political discourse. The bitterness and acrimony of heated campaigns (like this one already is) gives a lot of people a convenient excuse. Some just lead such busy, hectic lives that voting is seen as just another chore they don't have time for. Some may actually feel that their vote doesn't really count. Some just can't make up their mind, so stay at home; or worse, don't like any of the candidates so…”screw them all.” The curent Republican efforts to surpress the vote through all manner of onerous requirements like the Pennsylvania Photo I.D. law I just heard was upheld by a judge…even though there was/is no evidence of the voter fraud the law was meant to stop…is a further example, but not of voter apathy. Rather it is a cynical attempt at sheer disenfranchisement, when we need more participation, not less. Especially in light of the impact of Citizens United SuperPAC money (Koch Brothers, Sheldon Edelson, etc.) trying to buy the election.
Some Americans just do not like any politicians. I am reminded of a humorous anecdote I once heard (off a politican comedy album) from seven-term Democratic Congressman Brooks Hays of Arkansas (1943-1959). Hays was well known as quite a character, with a wry sense of humor, prone to recounting rural down-home stories to make a point. It seems a young politician was running for some office or other (I heard this story fifty-years ago, so it may not be exact). They were campaigning in a small Southern town and came upon an old woman. They introduced themselves and asked for their vote. They took a look at the young man and said tersely: “Vote? I never vote, it only encourages ‘em.”
While we may crack a smile at a comment like that, the overall problem is simply not funny. Moreover, given the stakes in this election…a choice between Obama/Biden and Abraham Lincoln's “government of the people, by the people, for the people” or the Romney/Ryan vision of an America “of the corporations, by the corporations, for the corporations;” the very future of our representative democracy may be at stake. I know in many, many other countries, the right to vote is non-existent or so corrupted as to be so judged. Do we really want to see our America lapse into that state, an “Oligarchy?” Part of the problem activists like the readers at this site have is that most people in America do not know the literal definition of the word…let alone what one would mean for their/our future as a free people.
The U.S. House Appropriations Committee continues to restore pork to President Trump's proposed 2018 budget, recently voting to restore a second National Tsunami Warning System Center to save 40 federal government jobs.
In keeping with the Republican Congress's pledge during Democrat Barack Obama's presidency that a Republican president would slash discretionary spending to make the federal government smaller, President Trump submitted a 2018 budget in May that through “Major Savings and Reforms” cut “$57.3 billion in discretionary programs, including $26.7 billion in program eliminations and $30.6 billion in reductions.”
The U.S. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) described the president's 2018 Budget in a detailed 159-page analysis as a common-sense “set of discretionary and mandatory savings proposals that bring Federal spending under control and return the Federal budget to balance within 10 years.” OMB emphasized that it was the proper role of the federal government to “curtail programs that fall short on results or provide little return to the American people.”
The Trump 2018 budget proposed cutting about 160 categories of federal discretionary spending, including the termination of $262 million from “National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Grants and Education.” The Trump administration stated that the NOAA programs were low priority and inconsistent with implementing “the President's charge to create a leaner, more accountable, less intrusive, and more effective Government.”
But as Breitbart News reported recently in “Congress Fights Trump Earthquake Warning Privatization to Keep Fed Jobs,” Republicans seem to have become increasingly bipartisan in trying to restore discretionary spending when it comes to federal jobs.
According to the National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) website, the center located at 910 S. Felton St., Palmer, Alaska, was established in 1967. The NTWC is tasked with providing timely and accurate tsunami and off-shore earthquake bulletins for an area of responsibility including the ocean coasts of all U.S. States, Canadian coastal regions, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.
The NTWC monitoring system is highly automated through a large number of Dart II moored floating buoys that communicate through acoustic transducers with tsunameters on the ocean floor. Data is uploaded through satellite links to the NTWC computers in Alaska.
But NOAA also operates a Pacific Tsunami Warning Center located at 91-270 Fort Weaver Rd, Ewa Beach, Hawaii. The PTWC was established in 1947 as the first U.S. tsunami warning center, but its current areas of responsibility have been downsized in the last two decades to only Hawaii and the South China Sea.
Trump's proposed 2018 Budget would close the PTWC to reduce NTWC total staffing from 55 to 15, to save $12 million annually. Given its almost complete automation, staff reductions would still provide a minimum of two staff members tsunami monitors 24-hours per day.
According to a recent “Downsizing the Federal Government” study, annual federal civilian compensation costs per worker average $123,160, or 76 percent more than the average of $69,901 private-sector compensation costs per worker. Civilian federal workers earn average wages of $86,365 and benefits of $36,795, whereas the 112 million private-sector workers earn average wages of $58,726 and $11,175 in benefits.
Federal employee unions have argued that government needs a high-end workforce. But the federal workforce has always been heavily populated by supposedly skilled professionals, such as lawyers.
The downsizing report comments that federal compensation premiums over private-sector wages have grown faster has in recent decades. Compared to private-sector compensation, federal wages were 39 percent higher in 1990, 50 percent higher by 2000, and then 76 percent higher by 2015.
When Rahul Gandhi made a one-line statement claiming, "I am always being targeted, happy to be targeted", without stopping or slowing their hurried walk inside Parliament, they would not have anticipated that only hours later Rosemary Patrizi Dos Anjos, the lawyer of Christian Michel, the middleman in the AgustaWestland VVIP chopper scam — now a wanted criminal in India — would appear live on Times Now. Or that they would accept that their client had written a note naming Sonia Gandhi and describing them as 'driving force' behind the deal.
This has hit Congress where it could hurt it most.
Michel's lawyer's admission came at a time when the party is doing everything in its command to deflect the heat from its Sonia Gandhi's alleged involvement in the deal. This is additional ammunition for Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar when they rise to make a statement on the AgustaWestland scam on Wednesday in the Rajya Sabha.
The problem for the Congress and its first family is that the continuing revelations have cast a shadow on Rahul as well. BJP MP Kirit Somaiya has linked the family of Rahul's aide Kanishka Singh with the other middleman Guido Ralph Haschke. Singh has denied the charge but Somaiya has made some fresh charges against Rahul Gandhi — of buying two shops in MGF Metropolitan Mall, Saket. And although Rahul owning a shop in that mall, or leasing it to MGF and finally selling it to MGF for profit does not have any direct connection with Choppergate per se, it does suggest that Haschke had their ways around the corridors of power in Delhi.
Somaiya tweeted:
MGF is part of Emaar MGF and in September 2009, the company appointed Haschke and Gautam Khaitan as directors on its board. The same company had built the Commonwealth Games villages in New Delhi and hit the headlines for all the wrong reasons with the Union Urban Development Ministry and the Delhi Development Authority going out of the way to sweeten the deal for Emaar MGF.
This coupled with the revelations that the then defence minister AK Antony approved the blacklisting of AgustaWestland only on 12 May, 2014 — after it had become certain that the Congress was about to lose power at the Centre with the last phase of poling done and exit polls indicating that the Narendra Modi-led BJP was way ahead — will add to the Congress' discomfort. The order banning procurement was finally issued on 3 July, 2014 by then defence minister Arun Jaitley.
The other question that the Congress will have to answer is why the CBI and Enforcement Directorate (ED) virtually slept on the files for over one year, from March 2013 when the FIR was registered till May 2014 — the time the UPA government was ousted.
The Congress had so far been claiming that the Manmohan Singh government had blacklisted AgustaWestland, ordered a CBI, ED inquiry and it is the Modi government that should be blamed for inaction on the issue. Unfortunately for the Congress, after each of their claims, evidence has emerged that the party was consciously indulging in speaking half-truths or plain lies.
Patrizi's stating, "I know about that note" in response to a query about the veracity of the note sent by Michel to Peter Hullet, who then helmed India operations of AgustaWestland, will have a damning effect on the Congress party because their statement negates the Congress' claims about the authenticity of the unsigned note.
When Parrikar speaks in the Rajya Sabha, the Congress benches may have to deal with some moments of deep discomfort.
The former prime minister and former defence minister should be present in the House. However, it remains to be seen whether the Congress will allow Parrikar to make their full statement, also how Singh and Antony, if at all, counter him.
Three days ago, Parrikar on their part had made clear what they intend to do in Parliament.
"I will place the detailed chronology, giving facts about the chopper deal before Parliament on Wednesday. I will place the detailed chronology, giving how and when necessary clauses or provisions were relaxed to suit the companies. Those who received kickbacks will not leave behind the proof for us to prosecute them, but we will have to prove it (that kickbacks were received).Why no action was taken against the company till 2014? Why was the company not blacklisted by then UPA government? I challenge the Congress to show the UPA government's order blacklisting the AgustaWestland company. Let them reply first why it was not banned."
As for middleman Michel offer's to turn approver (made by their lawyer to Times Now on Tuesday night and denied later by Michel a little while later) with certain conditions attached that they would not be arrested, treated wrongly and so on, the government has already clarified that there would be no deal with him.
"It is well known that any understanding/agreement with an accused outside the frame of law is a criminal act in itself. James Christian Michael is a criminal wanted by the Indian law enforcement agencies. We are pursuing all legal means to arrest them and have them extradited to India. Mr Michel should submit themselves to the Indian legal system rather than make elliptical references to offers that are suspect in intent and reality. We are determined that the law must take its course against Mr Michel and their associates in this matter," the government said.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Story highlights A man in India's Uttar Pradesh state set themselves on fire and grabbed a politician
The man died from their burns; the politician is hospitalized in critical condition
The incident came as the country continues to vote in national elections
A man in India set themselves on fire and then grabbed a politician during a live television debate this week in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, authorities said.
Police said Durgesh Kumar Singh came out of the crowd Monday as India's state-owned television station Doordarshan recorded the debate at a park in Sultanpur, about 100 miles from the city of Lucknow.
They set themselves ablaze with gasoline and threw themselves on Kamruzzama Fauji, a local politician from the Bahujan Samaj Party. Singh died in the hospital a day later. Fauji is in critical condition with burns over 80% of their body, police said.
"People were just too shocked to know what was happening," local photographer Pankaj Kumar Gupta told reporters
The superintendent of police for Sultanpur district, Pratibha Ambedkar, was preparing for a visit by state Chief Minister, Akhilesh Yadav when they got a call from their office about a man threatening to set themselves on fire. "By the time we reached there, they had already set themselves ablaze," Ambedkar told CNN.
JUST WATCHED 'Indian Spider-Man' campaigns for office Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Indian Spider-Man' campaigns for office 01:20
JUST WATCHED Inflation key factor for India elections Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Inflation key factor for India elections 02:41
Singh, 35, had previously worked at a flour mill in Amethi, a neighboring district.
Their motives have yet to be confirmed, but authorities said the man's family claims they were being treated for mental instability. "Before the incident, the man also made a call to the local police control room complaining of harassment from their family," said Ambedkar.
India is in the midst of its nationwide parliamentary elections, which conclude May 12. During elections, several news channels often stage shows in villages and towns across the country, engaging politicians with local voters.
Voting in Uttar Pradesh, one of the country's most populous states, began Wednesday morning.
Image caption Rory Storm and the Hurricanes included Storm (centre) and Ringo Starr (right)
Recordings by Rory Storm and the Hurricanes, Ringo Starr's first band and one of the most popular groups of the early Merseybeat era, have been unearthed after more than 50 years.
The band were at the forefront of the Liverpool scene but never made it big.
The tapes were recorded in March 1960, two years before Starr was poached by Brian Epstein to join The Beatles.
Found in Storm's sister's cellar, the tapes will form the group's first and only album release later this month.
Starr joined the group at the age of 18 in 1959, but the band got left behind during the Merseybeat boom in the wake of The Beatles' success.
They only released a couple of singles, including one produced by Brian Epstein in 1964, but they failed to chart.
Frontman Storm, born Alan Caldwell, was known for their gold lame costumes and on-stage charisma. They died in 1972 aged just 34.
"Rory was a performer," their sister Iris Caldwell said. "He wasn't, like The Beatles, a brilliant songwriter. They called them The Golden Boy and Mr Showbusiness.
The spirit and rawness suggest a whole scene waiting to happen Adam F, Drum 'n' bass DJ and Rory Storm's nephew
"Rory was so far ahead of their time. They were doing glam rock then." Rod Stewart is among the artists thought to have been influenced by Storm's style, they said.
Epstein did not give Storm a real shot at the big time because they "didn't want any major competition" for The Beatles, Caldwell believes.
The tapes include tracks recorded at the Jive Hive club in Crosby, north of Liverpool, and at Storm's house, known as Stormsville, where bands including The Beatles would get together once clubs like The Cavern had shut at night.
"I suppose these tapes have been in an old sealed box ever since [they were recorded]," Caldwell said.
'Tremendous presence'
Author and Radio Merseyside presenter Spencer Leigh said the group were "crucial to the early years of Merseybeat".
"Even though the playing is very rough and ready, they have tremendous presence and were probably considerably better than the Beatles were in March 1960," they said.
Iris Caldwell's son Adam F, a Mobo Award-winning drum and bass DJ, said the recordings allowed a new generation to hear their uncle's style and personality for the first time.
"The quality of the tape left a bit to be desired - it was over half a century ago - but the spirit and rawness suggest a whole scene waiting to happen," they said.
"I am so proud that my uncle was, as has been suggested to me often, the father of the Liverpool sound."
Stage diving
Storm's on-stage antics included climbing up to the high diving board during one gig at New Brighton swimming pool.
"He had a cloak on and stripped right off to their little gold Speedos," Caldwell recalled. "He dived into the water, came up and carried on singing the song.
"Another time, they had a box on the side of the stage. They made their entrance by jumping from the box onto the stage. They did manage to break a couple of ribs but they still finished the spot and then went off to hospital."
Other than Starr and guitarist Lu Walters, whose whereabouts are unknown, the original members of Rory Storm and the Hurricanes have all passed away.
There are many beers I admire for their technical aspects, their quality and flavor, and because of the great memories I have of enjoying them with friends who love craft beer. However, I picked the six brews for my dream six-pack based upon my experiences with the people behind the beers. I believe good people make good beer, and as a brewer, when I taste these beers, I can't separate the beer from the brewer.
Allagash White
Allagash Brewing Company, Portland, Maine
In the 1990s, Rob Tod was learning to use a jackhammer to install drains in the brewery they were building. They went on to become one of the first brewers to introduce drinkers to Belgian-style brews when they released Allagash White. At the time, drinkers were beginning to explore craft beer, but they were pretty unfamiliar with Belgian styles. Around 2000, Rob continued to pay homage to Belgian styles by introducing cork-and-cage Belgian-style beers that were bottle conditioned, which was unheard of in the States. Can you imagine, monks had been brewing these great beers for centuries, and Rob was the guy who introduced some of the best Belgian beer styles to American drinkers? When I drink Allagash's iconic Belgian white ale, I can't help think of Rob as the guy who wanted to share their love of brewing and drinking Belgian beers. Today, we not only have a craft-beer culture that is educated about beer, but there are beer bars dedicated to Belgian styles.
World Wide Stout
Dogfish Head Brewery, Milton, Delaware
When I drink World Wide Stout, a dark, roasty, and complex stout, I think of how well this beer ages, the complexity it shows over time, and how this beer mirrors the finest qualities of someone I'm happy to call my good friend and drinking buddy, Sam Calagione. Sam and I have known each other a long time, and their creativity and passion for brewing great beers is unparalleled. Who thinks of working with a molecular archaeologist to re-create an ancient Chinese brew? Sam does! Who thinks it's a good idea to chew some corn, spit it into the mash, and keg it for everyone to enjoy? Sam does! They were the first American brewer with whom I brewed a collaboration beer (called Savor Flowers) that was released for SAVOR in Washington, D.C. We brainstormed this beer together old school—by writing letters, licking envelopes, and waiting for the U.S. Mail to bring a reply. When I drink World Wide Stout, I think of Sam and all the ideas they have for making great beer and for elevating the craft-beer industry.
Ipswich Ale
Ipswich Ale Brewery, Ipswich, Massachusetts
Ipswich Ale Brewery is a small brewery that has been around for more than twenty years—longer than most craft brewers in New England! Rob Martin, the current president of Ipswich, started out as an employee of the original owners. They did everything: they brewed the beer, bottled and kegged it, drove the delivery truck, and did just about anything they were asked to do, all for the love of beer. Now he's planting barley for their brews and has their own tractor to harvest it. I learned to drive a Farmall Cub when I was six, and I'm hoping I can take Rob's tractor for a spin around their brewery's farm. Over the past twenty years that I've gotten to know Rob and their brews, I've seen the great pride they have for making great beers and supporting other craft brewers in Massachusetts as the leader of our state's brewers guild. It's tradition when you drink with another brewer to order one of their or their brews. Whenever Rob and I get together, I drink an Ipswich Ale, an unfiltered English-style pale ale. I know I'm not only getting a fresh, quality beer but I am also toasting to a great Massachusetts brewer who's passionate about supporting our local craft-beer industry.
ADVERTISEMENT
Get dozens of beer reviews and keep up with the latest trends in brewing and craft beer with a subscription to Craft Beer & Brewing Magazine®. Subscribe today!
Blood & Honey American Ale
Revolver Brewing, Granbury, Texas
Unless you live in Texas, chances are you haven't heard of Revolver Brewing, their Blood & Honey American Ale, or Brewer Grant Wood. Before they founded Revolver, Grant was a brewer at Sam Adams (and a few other breweries), and we worked closely together to develop many brews, including some of the extreme beer recipes we experimented with in the early 1990s. I know Grant not only has a passion for brewing a great, drinkable beer such as Blood & Honey, but their genius for conceptualizing a wacky recipe and then determining how it can be brewed is exceptional. So, when I find myself in Texas drinking a Blood & Honey, I think not only is the beer I'm drinking a damn good one, but the brewer who made it is someone I've learned from, I respect, and I'm happy for the leap they took to open their own brewery.
Victory Lager
Victory Brewing, Downingtown, Pennsylvania
As a sixth generation brewer from a German family, I have a lot of heart for well-crafted, traditional German beers such as Victory Brewing's Lager. When I drink a Victory Lager, I think of Bill Covaleski's accomplishments—working hard to become a brewer alongside their best friend and open their own brewpub—and the many times we've shared a lager or two with other brewers in Pennsylvania. Their brewery has grown slowly and steadily for many years, and he's continued to add new, well-crafted brews. Their success, which helps grow the Pennsylvania craft-beer scene, continues as Victory Lager launches to states outside of Pennsylvania this year.
Brooklyn Lager
Brooklyn Brewery, Brooklyn, New York
It's probably no surprise that I love a good lager. And to me, Brooklyn Lager is a great example of the style, brewed by my longtime friend and founder of Brooklyn Brewery, Steve Hindy. Many people don't know that Steve left their position as a Middle East correspondent for the Associated Press to follow their passion for brewing craft beer. They pursued this passion in 1988 when starting a brewery in New York was an act of bravery. When I drink Brooklyn Lager, I think of how the brewery's flagship beer helped to create the craft-beer movement we know today. It's because of Steve and their brewery's perseverance and vision for brewing and selling great craft lagers that beers such as Brooklyn Lager and Boston Lager have a place at the table today. So, when I drink a Brooklyn Lager, I think of how far our world has come and of the great brewers, such as Steve and Garrett Oliver [Brooklyn's brewmaster], who have led us to experience the great craft beers we drink today in bars and restaurants across the country.
Providence, Rhode Island (CNN) Governors confronted President Donald Trump's top health officials over the cost of the Republican health care push to their states in a tense, closed-door session here Saturday.
Vice President Mike Pence, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price and Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Administrator Seema Verma made a frantic bid at the National Governors Association meeting Friday and Saturday to win over -- or at least silence -- skeptical GOP governors.
But their efforts left major questions unanswered, Republican and Democratic governors said.
And Pence's speech Friday resulted in the vice president openly feuding with Ohio Gov. John Kasich, a Republican who didn't attend the governors' meeting.
Price and Verma had been dispatched to the meeting in Rhode Island to convince governors that their states could absorb the elimination of enhanced Medicaid funding for low-income adults who received coverage under the Affordable Care Act and the reduction of federal support for their overall Medicaid programs.
They urged governors to ignore Congressional Budget Office estimates that 15 million fewer people would be covered by Medicaid by 2026 and that $772 billion would be cut from the program, compared to current law, under a Senate Republican bill that would eliminate Obamacare's expansion of the program.
Their argument: States would gain flexibility to overhaul their traditional Medicaid programs through block grants or per-enrollee caps, allowing them to save money that could be used to stave off losses of coverage.
But the closed-door session with Price and Verma on Saturday was "pretty atrocious," said Connecticut Democratic Gov. Dan Malloy.
"They repeatedly pretended that the federal government saving hundreds of billions of dollars won't translate to actual cuts," they said. "I was told that I'll innovate sufficiently to save them hundreds and hundreds of billions of dollars."
Republicans also emerged from the meeting saying they remain concerned about the long-term financial fallout of the bill.
"I think there's disagreement on the outcomes and what that means and whether that is manageable," said Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson, a Republican whose state expanded Medicaid.
"It is a huge challenge for us in terms of communicating what the future is going to be like to our health care providers," Hutchinson told CNN after the meeting. "That is the challenge for governors -- we're on the front lines here. ... It's the long term that people want to know about."
Another key governor, Nevada Republican Brian Sandoval, told reporters afterward that they remained concerned about the bill's elimination of funding for Obamacare's Medicaid expansion, which led 210,000 Nevadans to gain coverage. Nevada Republican Sen. Dean Heller has closely linked their vote to Sandoval's position.
Malloy said they argued with Price and Verma when -- after Verma had taken issue with the Congressional Budget Office forecasts of coverage losses -- Price cited the CBO analysis to back up a separate point.
"They were incredibly inconsistent between themselves," they said. "They support what they like from CBO, and they attack CBO. But at least the secretary was forced to admit that's the only public generated analysis."
Just before Price and Verma spoke Saturday morning, the consulting firm Avalere Health delivered a presentation that forecast cuts in federal Medicaid funding to the states of 27% to 36% by 2036 under the Senate legislation when compared to current law.
Some governors said that presentation left them less certain about the Trump administration's claims that Medicaid funding would not decline.
"I think there's still some confusion on numbers," said Wyoming Gov. Matt Mead, a Republican. "And so, frankly, I wish we would have had more time this morning to ask questions. There are still a lot of questions from Republicans and Democrats."
Mead said there is a clear divide among GOP governors based on whether their states expanded Medicaid. Mead's state did not. But they said he's still struggling with a "state of flux" on Capitol Hill over health care.
At the center of the case Pence, Price and Verma made to governors was increased flexibility to make changes to their states' Medicaid programs. Under the bills, states could opt to receive a lump sum of money -- known as a block grant -- to cover certain Medicaid recipients. They would receive more control over their programs in exchange.
The bill's critics, however, say that cash-strapped states won't be able to make up for the losses in federal funding even with the additional flexibility. States would be forced to cut enrollment, benefits or provider rates, they argue.
The Trump administration has pledged to aggressively grant states' requests for waivers that would allow them to deviate from traditional Medicaid, and the House and Senate health care bills would give federal officials even further authority to grant those waivers, giving states additional freedom to craft their own programs using federal dollars.
That, Republican governors said, is good news. Hutchinson said Price and Verma gave governors "a number of new ideas that had not been considered before."
Pence's speech Friday drew a tepid reception from Republicans and Democrats in attendance.
They made a reference to Kasich, saying, "I suspect that he's very troubled to know that in Ohio alone, nearly 60,000 disabled citizens are stuck on waiting lists, leaving them without the care they need for months or even years."
That claim, though, is bogus, Kasich's office said. The waiting lists are related to Medicaid's home and community-based services and had nothing to do with Ohio's decision to expand Medicaid under Obamacare.
"The claim is not accurate. It's been fact-checked twice," Kasich's communications department said on Twitter, linking to fact-check from The Los Angeles Times and the Columbus Dispatch.
At the same time Price and Verma were attempting to win over governors, the White House was circulating a new op-ed in The Washington Post in which Trump aides Marc Short and Brian Blase argued that Americans and lawmakers should give "little weight" to CBO projections that millions would lose coverage under the Senate GOP bill.
"The CBO's methodology, which favors mandates over choice and competition, is fundamentally flawed," the two argued. "As a result, its past predictions regarding health-care legislation have not borne much resemblance to reality. Its prediction about the Senate bill is unlikely to fare much better."
The Pittsburgh Penguins have signed forward Tom Sestito to a professional tryout contract, it was announced today by executive vice president and general manager Jim Rutherford.
Sestito, 27, has played parts of seven NHL seasons with Columbus, Philadelphia and Vancouver, producing 18 points (10G-8A) and 432 penalty minutes in 137 career regular-season games.
At 6-foot-5, 228 pounds, Sestito will be the largest player attending Pittsburgh's training camp. Their best NHL season came with Vancouver in 2013-14 when they posted career highs in games (77), goals (5), assists (4), points (9) and penalty minutes (213). Their 213 penalty minutes led the NHL and their 121 hits ranked third on the Canucks.
A native of Rome, New York, Sestito has 256 career AHL regular-season contests on their resume during stints with Syracuse, Springfield, Adirondack and Utica. Sestito has compiled 113 points (48G-65A) and 887 penalty minutes in AHL action.
The lefthanded-shooting Sestito broke into the NHL with the Columbus Blue Jackets in 2008 after being selected by the team in the third round (85th overall) of the 2006 NHL Draft.
Prior to joining the Blue Jackets, Sestito skated for the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) from 2004-07. They helped the club capture the ‘07 OHL playoff title and a berth in the Memorial Cup.
Sestito's older brother, Tim, has logged NHL action in parts of seven seasons with Edmonton and New Jersey, and will spend this year with Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).
A curious sight was observed in the skies above Area 51 in Nevada, on November 8, the day Donald Trump was elected President, by vacationing air traffic controller Phil Drake. According to Drake, the photographs below all taken by him, show a Russian-built Su-27P fighter jet taking on a US Air Force F-16 engaged in a mock dogfight training mission.
The moment a US F-16 was caught in a mock dogfight with a Russian SU-27 fighter
Drake, a 42-year-old enthusiast from Hampshire in the UK, told the Mail they were visiting the desert surrounding Area 51 on the day of the Presidential election, and hoped to see some fast jets involved in a training mission. Instead, what they photographed appears to have been Russian Su-27 involved in a combat training with a US fighter jet.
Drake said the Russian jet was a Su-27P Flanker-B, which has never been officially imported into the United States.
Drake said the aircraft was a Russian SU-27P Flanker-B with Soviet style camouflague
The jets performed a series of high-speed passes during an intense training mission
"This aircraft was anonymous and unidentifiable, apart from the Soviet style camouflage it wore," they said. "After they finished their mission they flew into Groom Lake's highly restricted airspace." Shooting from Tikaboo Valley, near Groom Lake (Area 51's official name), Drake had to push their camera zoom to the limit to document the incident.
Drake's location outside Area 51
They said: "The planes were operating above 20,000 feet, and a couple of miles east of me, so the distance between me and the planes was at least six miles. They were literally specks in the sky, but of course that's the reason that no-one has photographed them before.
Drake believes these are the first pictures of a single-seat Sukhoi Su27 Flanker - on a training mission or otherwise - inside the United States.
'Initially, during the mission, the aircraft were just outside of Area 51 airspace.
"The Americans practice air to air combat with Russian aircraft to give them an advantage in combat. They also try out new weapons systems on aircraft to test their effectiveness against a bona fide Russian-built target."
According to Drake, "the Flanker is rumoured to have been flying from Groom Lake for nearly 20 years, but no-one has ever managed a definitive photograph to prove it does exist. This sequence of photos is the first proof that the Americans are flying this aircraft, which is the premier Air Defence Fighter in use with the Russian and Chinese Air Forces."
They continued: "Things went quiet around 1300. Very quiet. Nothing moved for two hours and I was thinking of moving to another vantage point, such as Queen City Summit, or maybe the Powerlines Overlook. Then the sound of jet noise caught my attention and that's when I got my first sight of a Groom Lake Su-27 Flanker."
"Flying NE at around 30,000 feet leaving an intermittent contrail. The time was 1500 and the sun was moving to the west as the Flanker and a F-16 gave me a private 25 minute air display. The pair seemed to perform a series of head on intercepts at descending altitudes from 30,000 feet to around 20,000 feet, only a mile or two to the east of me. This meant they were beautifully illuminated by the afternoon sun. After the head on intercept, the pair would break into a turning dogfight, with the Flanker using it tremendous maneuverability to try and get behind the F-16. "
"I took a long series of photographs, but as the aircraft were fairly high my autofocus couldn't cope. I had to shoot in manual mode, constantly moving the focusing ring to attempt to get some reasonable images. The Su-27 was clearly a single seater, a Su-27P Flanker-B."
"This Flanker was in the classic 1990's two-tone blue colour scheme, with white nose and white fin tips. A very different aeroplane. There had been rumours that the US had obtained two single seat Flankers from Belarus in 1996 or 1997, so I figured it should have been one of them."
"After the final dogfight, when I was lucky enough to catch on camera the F-16 flashing directly in front of the Flanker, the pair climbed back to 30,000 feet or so, and headed SW back into Groom Lake restricted airspace. Interestingly the Flanker left a solid contrail, while the F-16 left none despite being at a similar altitude."
* * *
There has been no official statement from either the US Air Force, the Dept of Defense or Dept of Energy, on these curious, perhaps historic, photographs emanating from one of the most secretive US army bases in the world.
I'm a regular American dude (of Indian ethnicity and I'm Hindu (but not religious)). I think most muslims are peaceful here and definitely not violent. But almost everyone I know (Indian-Hindus/Chinese/Korean/White..etc), including me, definitely does not think they integrate well into society. I fucking despise Islam as a religion.
Quran says Girls HAVE to wear hijabs and cover from shoulder to toe... in order to be "modest". Is this the type of values/thinking I want people to have around me? I don't want huge swathes of girls in america who think wearing a short-sleeve t-shirt is "immodest".
Most of the muslim guys I know act totally normal. But they date girls (not allowed in their religion, but they are so lusty), and then try to CONVERT them on marriage... The only thing most of these hypocritical fucktards care about is getting a white girl and then converting her, and making sure their daughters don't date non-muslim guys. It's like a virus.
Like wtf, I do NOT want muslim parasitic refugees coming to america! What're the SJW idiots gonna do? Call me racist?! It'd be funny 'cause I'm FUCking Brown! It'd suddenly occur to them that Islam is not a race, but an ideology. smh, good lord. (edit: I don't mean to say brown people can't be racist, what I mean to say is I'd like to see an SJW call a muslim-looking guy "racist" for criticizing Islam (which is an ideology, not a race))
Anyway, I don't know how voat feel about other minorities like hindus and japanese people and shit. But me and most my other minority friends despise islamic values. And we're stuck in this weird battle between republicans (who seem good-hearted but prejudiced against minorities) and democrats (blind idiots who love muslims just because it's free votes for them).
Edit: Also, I've very anti-racist. I think people of all ethnic backgrounds in all countries are equal. If anyone thinks Indian-background people are inferior in any way to them and are just supporting my view because I'm anti-islam, then I completely disagree with you. I'm firstly proud of be American ( the best country in the world with the best people in the world) and secondly proud of open-minded Hindu Philosophy. America comes first though, religion is unimportant. If you have a problem with that, suck my dick.
Maria Tallchief, a daughter of an Oklahoma oil family who grew up on an Indian reservation, found their way to New York and became one of the most brilliant American ballerinas of the 20th century, died on Thursday in Chicago. They were 88.
Them daughter, the poet Elise Paschen, confirmed the death. Ms. Tallchief lived in Chicago.
A former wife and muse of the choreographer George Balanchine, Ms. Tallchief achieved renown with Balanchine's New York City Ballet, dazzling audiences with their speed, energy and fire. Indeed, the part that catapulted them to acclaim, in 1949, was the title role in the company's version of Stravinsky's “Firebird,” one of many that Balanchine created for them
The choreographer Jacques d'Amboise, who was a 15-year-old corps dancer in Balanchine's “Firebird” before becoming one of City Ballet's stars, compared Ms. Tallchief to two of the century's greatest ballerinas: Galina Ulanova of the Soviet Union and Margot Fonteyn of Britain.
“When you thought of Russian ballet, it was Ulanova,” they said an interview on Friday. “With English ballet, it was Fonteyn. For American ballet, it was Tallchief. They were grand in the grandest way.”
Source: Rykoszet
1. What I constantly wish for – changes in shell mechanics and their differentiation. No hardcore changes, just increasing their amount and changing their algorithms. I wrote about it once already – shells which you can only buy for real money are a shitty idea in gameplay terms (P2W), economy and historically accuracy. Allowing to buy prem ammo for silver was a good decision by the devs, but they forgot to make necessary changes.
Currently, they're distorting the game balance because of their unhistorical characteristics. Implementing differences between full-caliber AP shells (blunt nose, pointy nose, tapered), differentiating sub-caliber ammo (APCR vs APDS), lowering alpha damage for sub-caliber premium shells and modifying their ballistics (according to ‘Armor and Gunnery' the dispersion difference between full-caliber and sub-caliber shells was visible, the latter losing). Their alpha damage also should be lowed as full-caliber shells tended to do more damage in general (according to W.G. Grigorian). Hollow charges should instead have a greater chance to set a vehicle on fire because of the characteristics of the molten copper jet.
Let's take the M4A3 (76) as an example. Aside of smoke shells, it had four types of ammo – standard APCBC, solid shot, They and APCR. You chose a set of your own shells to cater to your playstyle – APCBC because of the historical 5 inch penetration will cause greater damage than a higher penetrating, heavier solid shot, because it will lack a powerful shockwave and fragmentation. A sub-caliber round will be useful only on short distance because of low accuracy and a great penetration loss over distance. In the case of the M103 the AP shell with the same pen should have a greater alpha than a HEAT round. This will enrich the gameplay and balance the ‘SerB Premium' ammo.
One more example – the T-34. You can mount a plethora of guns on it, according to historical data, and balance with the current logic. But you could give the F-34 an alpha of around 150-160 because of the powerful shell and with this make it different from the long-barreled 76.2 and the ZiS-4. Slava Makarov already talked about it and I'm waiting.
2. A tech tree not only for guns but also for ammo types (if there's a need for it) as a soft of last ditch effort. For example the T-54 and the D-10T2S gun in the place of the now-reduntant D-54TS. Instead give the ability to unlock the BP-412D ammo – a 100mm APHE round from the year 1953 with 225mm pen on 100m.
3. Some vehicles like the Panther, Jagdpanzer IV, M46 with the M47 turret lack ammo. According to drawings and taking all sort of data into account, the Panther should have about 160mm effective UFP armor, but it has 145mm. This would positively influence the role of armor in the game and stop the armor value inflation on some tanks.
4. Introducing a not few vehicles but a whole premium vehicle tree at once.
5. Introducing smoothbore cannons with new ammo – APFSDS. Two vehicles need to be mentioned here – T95 Medium and T-62. This would enrich the gameplay thanks to new mechanics and new vehicles, and would help segregate soviet top tier meds a bit.
6. When introducing new graphics, all the moving parts on tanks should be animated.
7. Diferentiate an ammo rack fire from an ammo rack explosion. Why do tanks have wet ammo racks? This would help the tanks which have something like this installed. A trip to the garage from an ammo explosion is one thing, but putting out an ammo rack fire should be a thing.
8. Add sounds to ammo choice (inb4 LOAD AAAAY PEEEEE SEEE AAAR)
9. Tanks with limited MM should have less MM weight so they land in top tiers more often, which would be better than manipulating the penetration values of the KV-5 or IS-6.
EDIT: Apparently all of the above is just something written by the admin of Murazor's VK page, and Rykoszet just blindly translated it without bothering to dig up the true author.
Advertisements
Americans love TV and the Internet, but they really, really hate the companies that bring it to them.
Customer satisfaction with cable and broadband providers has reached a low point, according to a new survey released Tuesday.
And Comcast, the No. 1 cable provider in the United States, has fallen to a record low. Comcast (CCV) got a score of 54 out of 100, down from 60 last year, for cable TV service, according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index.
The company hit 54 once before, back in 2008.
The No. 2 cable company, Time Warner Cable (TWC), which Comcast tried to merge with, has an even lower score -- 51.
That is the lowest score for any of the 300 companies that are included in the ACSI's survey of 70,000 people, from Bank of America to UPS, Marriott to Delta.
Last year, Time Warner Cable had a 56.
Customers cite problems with HD picture quality, frustrations with on-screen program guides, and call centers, just to name a few.
Comcast and Time Warner Cable say they have been stepping up their efforts to improve service. The pair of companies may have been hurt in the survey results by the bad press and scrutiny surrounding their attempted merger. At the end of April, the two companies called off their deal, citing the government's intent to block it.
Time Warner Cable is now seeking to merge with Charter Communications (CHTR), the country's No. 3 cable provider. Charter has a notably higher ACSI score -- 63 this year, up from 60 last year.
Related: Charter merging with Time Warner Cable: what now?
Overall, cable providers and Internet service providers have the lowest scores of any of the 43 industries studied by the ACSI.
This year's deterioration "is a result of poor customer service combined with higher prices," ACSI researchers said in a report.
On the broadband side, there's widespread dissatisfaction with the service provided by companies like Comcast, Verizon and AT&T (T). (The survey asks customers about TV and broadband service separately.)
"Customers resent being locked into service contracts, and are not happy with what they see as unreliable service, slow broadband Internet speeds, and rising subscription prices," the researchers said.
There is "much room for improvement across the industry."
The country's two big satellite providers, DirecTV (DTV) and Dish Network (DISH), continue to rank higher than the major cable TV providers. They had a 69 and a 68 this year, respectively.
AT&T's TV service also has a 69, and Verizon (VZ) FiOS tops the industry with a 71, up three points from last year.
The ACSI survey is a well-respected measure of customer opinion.
Earlier this week Consumer Reports released similar data, which found that "consumers continued to express dissatisfaction with their TV and Internet providers, giving most poor reviews for value and overall satisfaction."
Welcome to Puck Drop Preview 2015-16, where our hockey department gives you a detailed look at each team from around the NHL leading to the start of this hockey season and offers our insight and analysis. Makes sure to stick around until the end of the series, where we'll offer our full predictions for the standings in each division, and eventually our collective LWOS 2015-16 Stanley Cup pick. Today we continue with the Boston Bruins.
You can check out all our articles on our Puck Drop Page.
Puck Drop Preview: 2015-16 Boston Bruins
Last Season
Arguably one of the worst seasons for the Black and Gold squad in quite some time, the Bruins left many fans angry and discontent with their run, or lack thereof, in 2015. After winning the President's Trophy in 2014 as the team with the best record in the league, the Bruins followed up by finishing 5th in the division and three points out of playoff contention. Rarely do you see a team drop from first in the league to non-contenders – especially considering the majority of the Bruins 2014 squad was still intact.
In 2015, the Bruins finished 41-27-14 for 96 points on the season.
Offseason
This offseason for the Bruins was more of a rollercoaster than Florida's famous Space Mountain. We knew the Bruins needed to make changes – granted we knew these changes didn't necessarily have to be massive. Regardless, there was no shortage of transformation.
It all started before the offseason began. The Bruins made the decision to relieve Peter Chiarelli from their duties as general manager and promote Don Sweeney to fill the role. This wasn't a surprising decision, as the Bruins upper-management made it a point that if the Bruins missed the playoffs, somebody was getting fired. What was relatively surprising, however, was the decision to keep Claude Julien as head coach. Not to say that parting with Julien is long overdue, however you often see a coach being fired before a general manager.
The Bad:
Oh boy, where to start? Sweeney was an absolute shocker in the offseason, both bad and good – but on many occasions considerably bad. First and foremost was the trade that sent Dougie Hamilton to the Calgary Flames in return for a 1st-round pick as well as two 2nd-round picks. Despite contradictory claims that Hamilton was considered a loner in the locker room, the 22-year-old defenseman is a franchise player that, in many cases, should not be traded.
In addition to the Hamilton trade was the trade heard around the world: Boston Bruins trade a third round pick to the Philadelphia Flyers in exchange for Zac Rinaldo. What's bizarre about this trade is that, not only was there zero speculation that this trade was going to happen, it also doesn't necessarily improve the Bruins squad. The fourth line, where Rinaldo will likely play, does not improve on the surface when they are put in the line-up. That's not to say that Rinaldo will not improve their game in Boston, however it is going to be difficult for them to be as effective as the two fourth-liners the Bruins just let go, Gregory Campbell and Daniel Paille.
Lastly, the Bruins decided to extend Adam McQuaid's contract four years with an average salary of $2.75 million. Re-signing McQuaid isn't an awful decision, however the 28-year-old defenseman has not improved their game enough to warrant a pay raise – which is why this extension is considered disappointing.
The Good:
Although there were probably more bad moments than good moments for the Bruins this offseason, there were still moments that shed a little light on the year.
Although many fans were upset with the Bruins decision to trade Milan Lucic, it's hard to argue that the return was insufficient. The Bruins traded the 27-year-old power forward to the Los Angeles Kings in return for the 13th overall pick, goaltender Martin Jones and young defenseman Colin Miller. Shortly after acquiring Jones, the Bruins sent them to the San Jose Sharks in exchange for a 2016 1st-round pick and Sean Kuraly.
In addition to the Lucic trade, the Bruins managed to fill the physical void left by their departure by signing 27-year-old Matt Beleskey, who formerly played with the Anaheim Ducks. Not only was it a good pick-up for the squad, the contract details are simply adequate. The Bruins gave Beleskey a five-year contract worth $3.8 million – which is much less than many people anticipated. Considering Beleskey is coming off a career-year with 22 goals, this could prove to be an underrated signing of the offseason.
Another positive moment from the offseason would be trading Reilly Smith to the Florida Panthers. Although Smith was a solid player during their tenure with the Bruins, their contract extension and annual cap hit was too high. This warranted a trade in which Smith was sent to the Panthers in exchange for Boston-boy Jimmy Hayes. The Bruins acquired Hayes as a free agent, however the quickly inked them to a three-year deal worth $2.3 million annually.
2015-16 Opening Day Lineup
Forwards
Matt Beleskey – David Krejci – David Pastrnak
Brad Marchand – Patrice Bergeron – Loui Eriksson
Jimmy Hayes- Chris Kelly – Brett Connolly
Zac Rinaldo – Ryan Spooner – Max Talbot
It's pick-and-choose as it relates to the lineup of the Bruins forwards. There are so many new names and new slots that the coaching staff are nowhere near being comfortable with any variety of lineups. Line 1: It might be a good idea to play Beleskey with Krejci and Pastrnak considering they are a grinder and may add a similar physical presence that Milan Lucic did. Line 2: We've seen Marchand, Bergeron and Eriksson in action before and it often works like a charm. Line 3: A line consisting of Hayes, Kelly and Connolly is a total shot in the dark, as they have zero chemistry going in to the season. It may take the Bruins 3rd line some time to be effective, but once chemistry begins to form, they should be one of the Bruins most effective lines. Line 4: Many of the NHL's 4th lines are not very important, however the Bruins are famous for having effective and competitive 4th lines. A line consisting of Rinaldo, Spooner and Talbot could be a very effective line once some chemistry is formed between the three.
Defenseman
Zdeno Chara – Dennis Seidenberg
Adam McQuaid – Torey Krug
Kevan Miller – Zach Trotman
Predicting the Bruins defensemen is not as difficult as predicting the Bruins forwards, however there are still some open slots that could go to anyone who is considered deserving. With the departure of Hamilton, there will be huge shoes to fill, so finding who that defenseman will be is not easy task.
Goaltenders
Tuukka Rask
Malcolm Subban
There is no question as to who the Bruins starting goaltender is going in to the season, however there were some questions in regards to whom the Bruins back-up goaltender would be. With the departure of Niklas Svedberg, this finally gives Bruins rookie goaltender Malcolm Subban the opportunity to test their skills and improve.
Players To Watch
Zdeno Chara
It will be important to watch Bruins Zdeno Chara over the course of the 2015-2016 season. At 38 years old, many people believe that age is catching up to him. Additionally, Chara has had a few knee injuries which have potentially set their game back a bit. If they are in fact on the decline, it might just be time for the Bruins to trade them away.
On The Rise
David Pastrnak
The Boston Bruins selected David Pastrnak 25th overall in 2014, and as of yet, they have been nothing but a rookie sensation for the Bruins. Pastrnak has a unique offensive game – one that I can only compare to that of Jaromir Jagr. Pastrnak can control the puck in uncontrollable areas and, best of all, finish goals. If all goes well, Pastrnak might just turn out to be one of the NHL's next superstars.
On The Decline
Chris Kelly
Many are wondering if this is the year when the Bruins finally decide to split with Kelly. Although Kelly has been an important member of the Bruins organization over the years, their game continues to drop and their productivity is plummeting with it. They don't perform like a 3rd line center should, and they certainly shouldn't be getting paid $3 million a year.
2015-2016 Season Predictions
It's not easy to predict what lies ahead for the Bruins considering all of the new faces in management and on the ice. On the surface, this looks like a team that can make the playoffs and win a round or two, however the Bruins Stanley Cup Championship odds have gone way down since 2011. I don't expect the Bruins to miss the playoffs next year, however if the chemistry does not click between the new faces, it's entirely possible that Beantown goes another year yelling in late May, “PLAYOFFS?!”
Main Photo:
Cement and Pollution
Portland cement, the binding agent in ordinary concrete, has a very high carbon footprint. This results in just under one ton of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) released for every ton of cement produced. According to Landscape Architecture Magazine, “With 4.2 billion metric tons of the binder used each year worldwide, cement production is responsible for nearly 8 percent of total global carbon emissions. The high lime content of ordinary portland cement contributes about two-thirds of cement's CO 2 impact through the process of limestone calcination. The other one-third of CO 2 released is from the combustion of fossil fuels.” The emissions would reduce the usage of self-healing concrete.
Self-Healing Concrete
When the construction of buildings is being planned, the goal is to create a concrete structure that is durable. It is designed to last beyond its full design life. That is not the fact with concrete. The average life of concrete is about 25 years. 25 years is less than the life expectancy of a building. The design is for much longer use. One way to keep concrete for longer than 25 years is with the use of self-healing concrete. Still, in the research phase, it could potentially save money and infrastructures.
Technologies
Many different self-healing concrete technologies are being tested using chemical, biological, and mineral constituents. The self-healing concrete technologies are much closer to commercial use thanks to Belgium scientists as well as scientist from the Netherlands. This technology uses limestone-producing bacteria and calcium lactate that is encapsulated in clay pellets. This is mixed directly into the uncured concrete. When there is a fissure in the concrete, the pellets crack open and release the bacteria. Moisture in the air then triggers the spores to germinate. Bacteria feed on the calcium lactate and form limestone. This seals the cracks up to 0.8 millimeters wide within three weeks.
This type of self-healing concrete could be used in concrete foundation, walls, floors, etc. Minimize repair work and costs!
General Contracting – Sustainability – Work Gallery – Contact – News
For Windows 8 “Blue,” Rafael Rivera and I are going to take a different approach: Rather than co-publish the same posts as did leading up to “Windows 8 Secrets,” we will be writing complementary posts about new features we discover in the product. First up, a new feature for the desktop version of Internet Explorer 11!
The feature is called desktop swipe, and while it's not exposed in the UI of the current leaked build (9364) of Windows 8 “Blue,” it can be easily enabled via a Registry change, as Rafael explains in their post, Blue's Clues: IE 11 Desktop to get IE 11 Metro swipe navigation.
Here's how it works.
If you've used Internet Explorer 10 “Metro,” you know that the immersive version of Microsoft's Windows 8 web browser sports a really nice (and usable) navigational model where you can swipe horizontally to move back and forth through the browsing history. This is especially handy when you consider that in Metro apps that ancillary app bar interfaces (which in IE's case includes the navigational buttons) are hidden by default. So rather than require you to activate the app bar and then tap Back or Forward, IE 10 Metro lets you go back or forward by swiping in the appropriate direction on-screen.
With IE 11, Microsoft is bringing this feature to the desktop version of the browser too. As with IE 10 Metro, it only works via touch; that is, you can't use the mouse to “grab” the current web page and navigate right (back) or left (forward). But it provides a nice bit of consistency, and if you need to use both browsers for some reason they will now work more similarly.
I should also mention that this feature does of course technically constitute an improvement to the Windows desktop in “Blue,” and while this is the only one we've found so far, I suspect a few more (similarly minor) improvements will crop up over time. (And certainly future builds could have more desktop updates too.)
For information about enabling this feature, be sure to read Blue's Clues: IE 11 Desktop to get IE 11 Metro swipe navigation on WithinWindows.
Update: Turns out, you can in fact enable this feature in the UI: Navigate to Tools, Internet Options, Advanced, Browsing and check the option titled "Turn on the swiping motion on Internet Explorer for the desktop." --Paul
Key gene found responsible for chronic inflammation, accelerated aging and cancer
Researchers at NYU School of Medicine have, for the first time, identified a single gene that simultaneously controls inflammation, accelerated aging and cancer. "This was certainly an unexpected finding," said principal investigator Robert J. Schneider, PhD, the Albert Sabin Professor of Molecular Pathogenesis, associate director for translational research and co-director of the Breast Cancer Program at NYU Langone Medical Center. "It is rather uncommon for one gene to have two very different and very significant functions that tie together control of aging and inflammation. The two, if not regulated properly, can eventually lead to cancer development. It's an exciting scientific find."
The study, funded by the National Institutes of Health, appears online ahead of print May 24 in Molecular Cell and is scheduled for the July 13 print issue.
For decades, the scientific community has known that inflammation, accelerated aging and cancer are somehow intertwined, but the connection between them has remained largely a mystery, Dr. Schneider said. What was known, due in part to past studies by Schneider and their team, was that a gene called AUF1 controls inflammation by turning off the inflammatory response to stop the onset of septic shock. But this finding, while significant, did not explain a connection to accelerated aging and cancer.
When the researchers deleted the AUF1 gene, accelerated aging occurred, so they continued to focus their research efforts on the gene. Now, more than a decade in the making, the mystery surrounding the connection between inflammation, advanced aging and cancer is finally being unraveled.
The current study reveals that AUF1, a family of four related genes, not only controls the inflammatory response, but also maintains the integrity of chromosomes by activating the enzyme telomerase to repair the ends of chromosomes, thereby simultaneously reducing inflammation, preventing rapid aging and the development of cancer, Dr. Schneider explained.
"AUF1 is a medical and scientific trinity," Dr. Schneider said. "Nature has designed a way to simultaneously turn off harmful inflammation and repair our chromosomes, thereby suppressing aging at the cellular level and in the whole animal."
With this new information, Dr. Schneider and colleagues are examining human populations for specific types of genetic alterations in the AUF1 gene that are associated with the co-development of certain immune diseases, increased rates of aging and higher cancer incidence in individuals to determine exactly how the alterations manifest and present themselves clinically.
It was a hot, sunny Boston morning in July, 2033 – and suddenly – it was a freezing London evening in Feb 2013, and I had an excruciating headache.
I have no clue what happened. No flash, no tunnel, no lights. It's like the last 20 years of my life just never happened. Except that I remember them.
Not knowing what else to do I went to the house I used to live in then. I was surprised that my family was there, and everyone was young again. I seemed to be the only one who remembers anything. At some point I dropped the subject because my wife thought I'd gone crazy. And it was easier to let them think I was joking.
It's hard to keep all this to myself though, so, maybe as therapy, I've decided to write it here. Hardly anyone reads this so I guess I can't do too much damage. I didn't write this stuff the first time around, and I'm a little worried that the things I share might change events to the point that I no longer recognize them, so forgive me if I keep some aspects to myself.
As it is I already screwed things up by promptly forgetting my wife's birthday. Jesus Christ, I was slightly preoccupied, I mean, I'm sorry, ok? I traveled in time and forgot to pick up the ring that I ordered 20 years ago… and picked up once already. All sorts of stuff changed after that for a while. But then somehow it all started falling back into place.
Anyway – that's why I'm not telling you everything. Just enough to save the few of you who read this some pain.
Today I'll talk about Facebook.
Ok, in the future Facebook, the social network, dies. Well, ok, not “dies” exactly, but “shrivels into irrelevance”, which was maybe just as bad.
Bets are off for Facebook the company. I wasn't there long enough to find out – it might survive, or it might not, depends on how good they were… sorry, are at diversifying.
At this point perhaps I should apologize for my occasional shifting tenses. I'm finding that time travel makes it all pretty fuzzy. But I'll do my best to explain what happened… Happens. Will happen.
Anyway, seeing Facebook back here again in full form, I marvel at the company's ability to disguise the obviousness of the pending events in the face of analysts, and corporate scrutiny, with so many invested and so much to lose.
But hindsight being 20/20, they should have seen – should see – that the Facebook social network is destined to become little more than a stale resting place for senior citizens, high-school reunions and, well, people whose eyes don't point in the same direction (it's true, Facebook Graph showed that one, it was a joke for a while – people made memes – you can imagine). Grandmothers connecting with glee clubs and other generally trivial activities – the masses and money gone.
The Facebook social network is destined to become little more than a stale resting place for senior citizens, high-school reunions and, well, people whose eyes don't point in the same direction
There were two primary reasons this happened:
First – Mobile (and other changing tech – including gaming, iTV and VR). I know, I know I'm not the first, or 10,000th guy to say “Mobile” will contribute to Facebook's downfall. But there is a clue that you can see today that people aren't pointing out. While others look at Facebook with confidence, or at least hope, that Facebook has enough money and resources to “figure mobile out”, they don't do it. In fact there is a dark secret haunting the halls of the Facebook campus. It's a dawning realization that the executive team is grappling with and isn't open about – a truth that the E-suite is terrified to admit. I wonder if some of them are even willing to admit it to themselves yet.
Here is the relevant clue – the idea that would have saved Facebook's social network, that would make it relevant through mobile and platform fragmentation – that idea – will only cost its creators about $100K. That's how much most of these ideas cost to initiate – it rarely takes more. Give or take $50k.
That's all the idea will cost to build and roll out enough to prove. 3-6 months of dev work. Yeah it would have cost more to extend it across Facebook's network. But that would have been easy for them. So, Facebook has gobs of $100Ks – why hasn't it been built yet?
The dark secret that has Facebook praying the world doesn't change too fast soon (spoiler alert, it does), is that – they don't have the idea. They don't know what to build.
Let me repeat that, Facebook, the company, doesn't have the one idea that keeps their social network relevant into mobile and platform fragmentation. Because if they actually did… it's so cheap and easy to build, you would already see it. Surely you get that, right? Even today?
Perhaps you take issue with the claim that only “one idea” is needed. Or perhaps you think they do have the vision and it's just not so easy; it requires all those resources, big, complex development. And that today it's being implemented by so many engineers, in so many ways across Facebook with every update. Perhaps you will say that continually sculpting Facebook, adding features, making apps, creating tools for marketers, and add-ons, will collectively add up to that idea. This is what Facebook would prefer you believe. And it's what people hope I guess.
Well, that's not how it works. Since the days Facebook was founded, you have seen a paradigm shift in the way you interact with technology. And that keeps changing. I can report that the idea that will dominate within this new paradigm, will not merely be a collection of incremental adjustments from the previous state.
Hell, Facebook was one simple idea once. One vision. It didn't exist, and then it did(and it didn't even cost $100K). It answered a specific need. And so too will this new idea. It won't be a feature. It won't look like Facebook. It will be a new idea.
I know, I've heard it, “Facebook can just buy their way into Mobile”. You've seen that desperation already in the Instagram land grab. It's as if Mark said “…oh… maybe that's it..?? …or part of it … Maybe…?”
Cha-ching.
The price was comically huge. Trust me, in the future a billion dollars for Instagram look even dopier. How much do you think Instagram spent building the initial working version of Instagram? Well, I didn't work on it, but like most projects of their ilk I am willing to bet it was near my magic number: $100K. I read somewhere that Instagram received $250K in funding early on and I seriously doubt they had to blow through more than half that on the initial build.
And Facebook's desperate, bloated buy of Instagram is virtual confirmation of the point. See, you don't buy that, and pay that much, if you have your own vision. If you have the idea.
And Facebook's desperate, bloated buy of Instagram is virtual confirmation of the point. See, you don't buy that, and pay that much, if you have your own vision. If you have the idea.
Unfortunately, Facebook will eventually realize that Instagram wasn't “it” either. No, the idea that will carry social networking into your next decade of platform fragmentation and mobility isn't formally happening yet. Rather the idea that will make social connections work on increasingly diverse platforms will come about organically. Catching all the established players mostly by surprise. It will be an obvious model that few are thinking about yet.
And that leads us to the second, and most potent, reason Facebook withers – Age.
Facebook found it's original user-ship in the mid '00s. It started with college-age users and quickly attracted the surrounding, decidedly youthful, psychographics. This founding population was united by a common life-phase; young enough to be rebelling and searching for a place in the world they can call their own, and just barley old enough to have an impact on developing popular trends.
Well, it's been almost a decade for you now- time flies. Those spunky, little 20+ year-old facebook founders are now 30+ year-olds and Facebook is still their domain. They made it so. And they still live their lives that way. With Facebook at its center.
But now at 30 things have started to change – now they have kids. Their kids are 6-12 years-old and were naturally spoon-fed Facebook. That's just the nature of life as a child living under Mom and Dad. You do what they do. You use what they use. You go where they go. Trips to the mall with Mom to buy school clothes. Dad chaperoning sleep-overs. Messages to Grandma on Facebook. It's a lifestyle that all children eventually rebel against as they aggressively fight to carve out their own world.
So give these kids another 6 years, the same rules will apply then. They'll be full-blown teenagers. They started entering college. They wanted their own place. And importantly, they inherited your throne of influence for future socializing trends. Yup, the generation of Mark Zuckerburgs graduated to become the soft, doughy, conventionally uncool generation they are… or rather, were, in the future.
So project ahead with me to that future state, do you really think Facebook is going to look to these kids like the place to hang out?? Really? With Mom and Dad “liking” shit? With advertisers searching their personal timelines?
No – way.
So project ahead to that future state, do you really think Facebook is going to look to these kids like the place to hang out?? Really? With Mom and Dad “liking” shit? With advertisers searching their personal timelines? No – way.
Don't even hope for that. See, the mistake a lot of you are making is that Facebook was never a technology – for the users, Facebook has always been a place. And 6-7 years from now these kids will have long-since found their own, cooler, more relevant place – where Mom and Dad (and grandma, and their church, and a gazllion advertisers) aren't. And it won't be “Social Network Name #7”, powered by Facebook (but Facebook tries that – so I bought their URL yesterday – I recall they paid a lot for it). You will find it to be a confoundedly elusive place. It will be their own grass-roots network – a distributed system that exists as a rationally pure mobile, platform-agnostic, solution. A technically slippery, bit-torrent of social interaction. A decisive, cynical response to the Facebook establishment, devoid of everything Facebook stood for. At first it will completely defy and perplex the status quo. That diffused, no-there-there status makes advertisers crazy trying to break in to gain any cred in that world. But they don't get traction. The system, by design, prohibits that. At least for a year or two. Not surprisingly some advertisers try to pretend they are groups of “kids” to weasel in, and it totally blows up in their faces. Duh. It will be a good ol' wild west moment. As these things go. And they always do go. You've seen it before. And the kids win this time too.
It will be their own grass-roots network – a distributed system that exists as a rationally pure mobile, platform-agnostic, solution. A technically slippery, bit-torrent of social interaction.
Then a smart, 20-year-old kid figures out how to harness the diffusion in a productized solution. Simply, brilliantly, unfettered by the establishment.
And at this point, you might say – “… well… Facebook can buy that!”
Sorry, doesn't happen. I mean, maybe it could have, but it doesn't. Don't forget, Yahoo tried to buy Facebook for a Billion Dollars too.
For a kid, the developer of this new solution is shrewd, and decides that selling out to Facebook would weaken what they and their buddies built – rendering it immediately inauthentic.
Seeing the power of what they hold, this kid classically disses Mark's desperate offer. It's all very recursive, and everyone wrote about that. My favorite headline was from Forbes: “Zucker-punched”. And anyway, Google offers them more (which is not a “buy” for Google – later post).
Look, it doesn't matter, because at that point Facebook is already over because Facebook isn't “where they are” anymore.
Their parents, Facebook's founding user-base, stay with Facebook for a while and then some, those who still care how their bodies look in clothes (again Facebook's Graph, famously showed this), will switch over presumably because they suddenly realized how uncool Facebook had become. Then even more switched because they needed to track their kids and make sure they were not getting caught up in haptic-porn (something I actually rather miss now). And that kicks off the departure domino effect (or “The Great Facebalk”, The Verge, 2021 I believe).
Later, Grandma even switches over. But some of their friends are still so old-timey that she'll keep their Facebook account so they can share cat pictures with them. And of course, they won't want to miss the high-school reunions.
some of their friends are still so old-timey that she'll keep their Facebook account so they can share cat pictures
So that is Facebook's destiny. And you know, I am from the future. So I know.
Oh one last thing, in Petaluma there's a 14 year-old kid I bumped into the other day – quite intentionally. He's cool. He's hungry. When they turn 20, I plan on investing exactly $100K in some crazy idea he'll have. I have a pretty good feeling about it. I'll let you know how it goes.
“Under Obama, we've lost over half a million manufacturing jobs. And for the first time, China is beating us. Seven times, Obama could have stopped China's cheating; seven times, they refused.”
— Narration from Romney campaign ad
Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney focused much of their attention last week on manufacturing jobs and President Obama's trade policy toward China. Their campaign released an ad suggesting that U.S. manufacturing as a share of global output has shriveled in comparison with that of its Asian trading partner. The video also said the current administration has refused to stop China's cheating.
Let's take a look at the facts to determine whether those claims are true.
The Facts
The Romney campaign ad features a pair of bar graphs supposedly representing U.S. vs. Chinese shares of world manufacturing during Obama's tenure in the White House. The illustrations suggest a giant shift in output between the two nations since the president took office in 2009.
To prove its claims about manufacturing output, the Romney campaign pointed us to a set of U.N. numbers on global manufacturing compiled by the British Parliament. Sure enough, China increased its share of the world total by 25 percent. (It claimed the top spot in 2011, bumping the U.S. from a perch it had held for 110 years).
Still, the Romney campaign's illustrations are totally out of proportion. The U.N. numbers show that U.S. manufacturing represented 18.5 percent of world output in 2008, compared to 15.1 percent for China.
That's not what the graphs indicate.
We translated the U.N. numbers into brick layers, since that's the metric the Romney campaign used. Based on the true figures, we should see 14 layers of brick for the U.S. and 11 for China. But the ad shows 14 for the U.S. and eight for China — far from accurate.
If the illustrations were properly scaled, they would show Chinese manufacturing at 82 percent of U.S. output in 2008. Instead, they put Chinese manufacturing at just over half of U.S. output that year, overstating the U.S. advantage at the time Obama took office.
The bar graphs eventually change, showing U.S. output shrinking to half of China's by 2010 — it uses eight brick layers to 16 for the two countries, respectively. This is a gross misrepresentation of the real shift. The U.S. share of global output in 2010 was actually 96 percent of Chinese manufacturing. An accurate graphic would have shown about 15 layers of brick for the U.S. next to 16 layers for China.
We also noticed that the ad doesn't compare apples to apples when talking about the shift in shares of global manufacturing. Instead, it mentions output versus jobs — a 25 percent rise in China's share of global output compared to a loss of 582,000 manufacturing jobs in the U.S.
Looking at output percentages, the U.S. dropped less than 2 percent, while the China increased 25 percent. This isn't as dramatic as it sounds, and it's also misleading.
The focus should be on percentage points instead of percentage. In that respect, the U.S. share of global output fell just .3 percentage points while the Chinese share rose 3.8 percentage points.
Overall, China's slice of global production has risen quite a bit, but the U.S. has remained roughly steady. This shows that China's rise doesn't necessarily have to result in a drop for the U.S.
Just to be clear, this is what we're looking at:
We should point out that U.S. output increased by .9 percentage points in 2009, which is further evidence that the nation held its own, despite minor fluctuations during the early part of Obama's term.
Moreover, a general downward trend in U.S. manufacturing started before Obama entered the White House. The U.S. share of global output dropped from 26 percent to 18.5 percent during President George W. Bush's eight years in office. Meanwhile, the Chinese share of global output jumped from 8.3 percent to 15.1 percent during that same period.
Data from the Bureau of Labor statistics support the Romney campaign's claim about jobs lost in manufacturing. Net domestic employment in that sector has dropped by 879,000 workers since December 2008, although the level has generally risen since April 2010. But again, this is comparing apples to oranges.
The Romney ad claims that Obama refused seven times to stop China from cheating. This refers to the current administration's decisions not to label the Asian nation as a currency manipulator.
American officials have long said that China keeps its currency, the yuan, artificially low — generally undervalued by 20 percent to 30 percent against the dollar — to give its exports an advantage on the world market.
The Treasury Department has two opportunities every year to apply the currency manipulator label to China — or any other nation — when the agency submits its mandatory Semiannual Report on International Economic and Exchange Rate Policy to Congress.
The Obama administration has opted against using the currency manipulator label, instead using diplomacy to address China's policy, as did previous administrations. In 2011, Chinese President Hu Jintao promised to implement exchange-rate reform, and the value of the yuan appreciated for a short while before dropping again this year.
The currency manipulator label is not the only trade-enforcement tool at the government's disposal. The Obama administration has leaned on less-sweeping measures so far, filing seven World Trade Organization complaints against China to help level the playing field for U.S. exports of automobiles, rare-earth minerals, solar panels, wind turbines, poultry, tires and music.
Romney campaign spokesperson Michele Davis said the Obama administration's WTO complaints represent a piecemeal approach and that “the impacts are not comparable” to labeling China as a currency manipulator. “A product-by-product approach is never going to affect the systematic imbalance,” they said. “It doesn't address the problem with the entire playing field.”
It's worth pointing out that applying the currency manipulator label to China could heighten tensions between the U.S. and its Asian trading partner and affect unity between the two nations in dealing with such issues as Iran's nuclear ambitions.
As former Bush White House chief of staff Joshua Bolten noted recently about Romney's tough language: “If history is a guide, such sharp campaign rhetoric is blunted by the reality of governing.”
Indeed, talking tough about China is standard campaign rhetoric for candidates in a presidential campaign. Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.) pledged to crack down on China's currency ma­nipu­la­tion during their run in the 2004 election, and Obama vowed to do the same during their 2008 bid, specifically promising, “China must stop manipulating its currency because it's not fair to American manufacturers, it's not fair to you, and we are going to change it when I am president.”
Obama hasn't gone so far as to label China a currency manipulator, but neither did their predecessor. As noted in a 2011 report from the Congressional Research Service, “The George W. Bush and Barack Obama Administrations have had many conversations with China about exchange rate issues. Nonetheless, their officials were careful never to say publicly that China was manipulating its currency in violation of IMF rules.”
Romney's bellicose talk about China is belied somewhat by the long association they have had with the country through the company they founded, Bain Capital. The private equity firm began major direct and indirect investments in China while Romney was still chief executive.
For example, in the early 1990s, Bain acquired a U.S. bicycle manufacturer that relied on lower-cost Chinese parts and labor to produce some of its specialty and retail bikes. The company, GT Bicycles, expanded its U.S. workforce during the years Bain owned it, in part because it was able to take advantage of lower-cost labor in China, Taiwan and other foreign countries.
When other leading U.S. bike manufacturers sought unfair trade sanctions against China for providing below-market bikes, GT was among those opposing the proposed sanctions, according to a document from the U.S. International Trade Commission.
Today, the U.S. bike manufacturing sector has withered. There are many reasons for its decline, but some of the industry's longtime advocates blame cheap imports from China.
Davis said the GT case is irrelevant to Romney's position because the company opposed sanctions, whereas Romney has promised to address currency policy. “Currency is a much bigger obstacle to tackle than these issues with one type of product or one company,” they said.
The Pinocchio Test
Romney's campaign is correct that the U.S. has lost more than half a million manufacturing jobs and that China claims a greater share of global output than any other nation. But the ad's inaccurate bar graphs vastly exaggerate the shift that has taken place — they simply don't represent the true numbers.
As for the notion that Obama refused to stop China's cheating, the ad ignores seven complaints filed by the current administration to protect various U.S. industries from unfair trade practices by the Asian nation.
Romney has promised to punish China with the currency manipulator label, while Obama has refrained from doing this. But it's not like the current administration hasn't taken action at all to protect U.S. trade interests.
On balance, the GOP presidential nominee earns two Pinocchios for a campaign ad that features bogus graphics and for statements that ignore a significant part of Obama's trade policy toward China.
(About our rating scale)
Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .
Track each presidential candidate's campaign ads
Read our biggest Pinocchios
The post has been revised to take into account feedback on how best to understand the manager's amendment.
Last night, House Republicans released the text of the final manager's amendment to the American Health Care Act, including changes to the rules governing the essential health benefits. With these tweaks, the House hopes to pass the bill today.
House Republicans should look before they leap. Even if they're on board with the amendment's goals, its actual language is a train-wreck. If it becomes law, the individual insurance market will likely collapse nationwide in 2018. Its fate after that will be highly uncertain.
* * *
Eliminating the requirement that insurers in the individual and small-group market cover the essential health benefits would create a vicious race to the bottom among insurers. Fortunately, the manager's amendment doesn't go that far. Instead, the amendment tells each state to define what counts as essential within the state, “for purposes of section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code.”
State-defined benefits will then drive the size of the tax credits: the more expansive the benefits, the bigger the tax credit. Did House Republicans really want to give states an incentive to expand the definition of essential health benefits in order to draw down more federal dollars? As Tim Jost points out, this problem dissipates in 2020, when the tax credits will be fixed amounts that don't turn on which benefits are essential. But the concern is very real for 2018 and 2019.
Even if you think that's good policy, the manager's amendment is troubling. Start with its irresponsibility. The new rule would apply as of January 1, 2018. But insurers have to create and price their health plans within the next few months in order to get them approved prior to the start of open enrollment. They don't know which services their states will say are essential and they don't have time to wait around while their states bicker about it.
The problem runs deeper. Section 36B governs eligibility for tax credits; among other things, you're eligible only if you buy a qualified health plan that covers the essential health benefits. In 2018 and beyond, then, it looks like you're eligible for tax credits only if you buy a health plan that adheres to state-defined essential health benefits.
So—in a weird echo of the argument in King v. Burwell—if a state hasn't defined the essential health benefits, it seems that no one in the state is eligible for tax credits. If that's right, then the best way to read the manager's amendment may be the same way that Republicans in King argued the ACA should be read: as dangling tax credits to induce states to do what Congress couldn't order them to do directly.
I can't imagine that's what House Republicans have in mind, just as it wasn't what the ACA's drafters had in mind. But that appears to be what this amendment says. Perhaps HHS could adopt an alternative interpretation through rulemaking, but that too will take time—several months, probably closer to a year—and any rule would be challenged in court. Until the uncertainty is resolved, no insurer will offer health plans in any state that—for whatever reason—can't get its act together to specify the essential health benefits.
* * *
Which brings me to the next big ambiguity. The manager's amendment retains almost the entirety of the ACA's rule governing the essential health benefits. The Secretary of HHS is still required to “define the essential health benefits,” which must include the ten major benefit categories, including maternity care and mental health services. Plus, the Secretary must “ensure” that the scope of the essential health benefits is “equal to the scope of benefits provided under a typical employer plan.”
The amendment just tacks on a provision saying that, for 2018 and beyond, “each State shall define the essential health benefits with respect to health plans offered in such State, for purposes of section 36B.” That's all the provision says; it doesn't elaborate. So do these state-defined essential health benefits also have to cover the ten categories of benefits? And do those benefits have to be the same as those in a “typical employer plan”?
The amendment doesn't say. It's probably best understood to give states carte blanche. The ten categories and the typicality requirement would then apply only to the HHS Secretary's definition, not to the states' definitions.
But that's not the only way to read the amendment. It's also possible to read it as shifting responsibility for defining the essential health benefits from the Secretary to the states. On that view, states would have to adhere to the same rules that govern the Secretary's definition. Maternity care and mental health services, among other benefits, would still count as essential. Typicality would be preserved.
Now, Secretary Price could probably issue a rule resolving this ambiguity in favor of state authority. But that, again, will take time—maybe years, if you take into account the inevitable litigation. In the meantime, the uncertainty over the availability of tax credits will drive insurers from the individual insurance markets.
* * *
The deficiencies of the manager's amendment exemplify the perils of refashioning an enormous and complex system on the fly. Health care is complicated; anyone who tells you otherwise is delusional. If Republicans want to change the rules governing the essential health benefits, they need to take care that they don't accidentally destroy the individual insurance market. The manager's amendment fails to clear that very low bar.
@nicholas_bagley
In a previous post, Will discussed how a potential US-EU free trade agreement might effect widespread trade liberalization through inclusive institutions such as the UN. Indeed, many commentators are wary of the possible deal, believing it to signal the end of inclusive negotiations that characterize the WTO (though Will provides a nice counter to such alarmist claims).
A ratified US-EU FTA also has the capacity to change international investment law quite fundamentally. At stake is whether an agreement would have an investor-state dispute clause (ISD). Unlike traditional dispute settlement mechanisms, ISDs allow firms to sue states directly, usually within the context of an international arbital board such as the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID). ISDs are controversial primarily because there is a widespread fear that MNC with deep pockets will engage in litigation wars of attrition. Furthermore, when investors can sue states directly, governments no longer have access to diplomatic tools to smooth over disputes. And, to the extent that the long term viability of open goods and capital markets requires some flexibility to deal with domestic push-back, the removal of states as arbiters of which investment disputes are worth pursuing and which are better left ignored could have lasting negative implications for the political viability of economic openness.
Unlike some other aspects of FTAs, ISDs can actually become salient issues. In South Korea there were a series of protests against the ISD provision of the recently ratified US-South Korea FTA. Other countries, including India, South Africa, and Australia, have recently decided to nullify portions of trade and investment treaties that include ISD provisions. Still, ISDs are widespread. The model US Bilateral Investment Treaty includes an ISD provision and ISD clauses are standard in US FTAs. However, the types of treaties that contain ISD clauses tend to be signed between states characterized by economic asymmetries.* BITs are a prime example - while over 2000 such treaties exist, there are no BITs between two advanced industrial economies.
So, the question then is whether a US-EU FTA agreement will include an ISD clause. Generally, advanced industrial countries have shown they are more interested in promoting legal regimes that protect "their" MNEs while less willing to cede jurisdiction over investment disputes in which they might be a defendant. For instance, Australia has decided to drop ISD clauses from its BIT and FTA regime after it was sued by Philip Morris; Philip Morris used Australia's BIT with Hong Kong to establish ICSID jurisdiction. Given growing dissatisfaction with the costs of ISD, it will be interesting to see if such clauses would persist if the US and EU decide to not subject themselves to such extra-territorial juridical measures.
My quick, speculative take is that ISDs will be less widely used in the future. As advanced industrial economies begin to receive more FDI from emerging economies with which they have such dispute clauses, they will seek to extract themselves from such agreements. Moreover, a movement away from ISDs may be a good thing. First, ISDs tend to create duplicated layers of juridical authority that generate confusion. Second, as mentioned above, ISDs make it harder for governments to intercede in investor-state disputes in ways that allow for flexibility necessary to maintain broad coalitions of support for deep economic integration. Finally, there is some evidence that states with ISDs tend not to pursue meaningful domestic legal reforms, and thus ISDs can contribute to the persistence of partial economic reforms that ultimately impede broad-based growth.** Removing ISDs may help overcome some of these problems.
*An important semi-exception is that NAFTA includes ISD provisions. However, this clause remains quite controversial in Canada. Canada has not yet ratified the ICSID convention, reiterating the extent to which countries are quite resistant to ceding final arbital authority to an international tribunal. Additionally, the US-Australia FTA suggests, but does not require, dispute settlements between investors and states.
** A place to start reading about this: Ginsburg, Tom (2005) "International Substitutes for Domestic Institutions: Bilateral Investment Treaties and Governance" International Review of Law and Economics 25:107-123.
Twenty-one athletes from Foothills Gymnastics and Cheer Center competed in the South Carolina Summer Games. (Photo: SUBMITTED)
Twenty-one athletes from Foothills Gymnastics and Cheer Center in Easley competed in the South Carolina Special Olympics Summer Games in May at Fort Jackson in Columbia.
“There are multiple sports besides gymnastics, such as bowling, badminton, aquatics, etc.,” said program director Penny Crocker. “Other than our gym, a gym out of Columbia is the only gym that offers Special Olympics at a competitive level in the state.”
The program has grown substantially since its inception 10 years ago, Crocker said.
“We've gone from one kid at the start of the program to 50 kids,” Crocker said. “We have athletes that range from 3 to 30 years old.
“Gymnastics is a technical sport. Overall, it's pretty difficult, but it's awesome. The athletes' therapists are amazed by what they can do. These kids have occupational therapy, physical therapy and speech therapy. Then they come to gymnastics and they get it all. They get everything that they would get from therapy, plus they are making friends and having a blast doing it.”
The program focuses specifically on artistic gymnastics. Female athletes compete in the vault, uneven bars, balance beam and floor exercise. Male athletes compete in floor exercise, pommel horse, still rings, vault, parallel bars and high bar.
“We have groups that come on Wednesday mornings from Liberty High School, Pickens High School, Pickens County board of disabilities and special needs and West Greenville Alternative School,” said Crocker. “The athletes that don't come with the schools come on Saturday morning.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
In order to participate in the program, an athlete must have an intellectual disability, which, according to specialolympics.org, is “a term used when a person has certain limitations in cognitive functioning and skills, including communication, social and self-care skills.”
Crocker said the doors are always open to kids and adults who are interested in volunteering or taking part in the program.
“The athletes seem to have fun once they walk in the doors,” Crocker said. “That is because we have great volunteers and great gym buddies who are youth volunteers that we pair with the athletes. The volunteers and the gym buddies get as much out of it as the athletes. It is a family atmosphere. Volunteers are always welcomed and appreciated.”
For more information, contact Penny Crocker at (864) 855-9660.
Read or Share this story: http://grnol.co/1NFI44X
[ THE INVESTOR ] The South Korean government will make a decision next week whether to allow global giant Google to export government-supplied map data outside the country, a government official said Nov. 13.
The Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, which supervises mapping policy, put off a decision on Google‘s recent request at its latest decision-making panel in August.
It will hold a second-round meeting with officials from foreign, defense and other-related ministries next week to make a decision, according to the official.
“The exact date has not yet been fixed,” the official said. “We will determine the schedule around Wednesday this week.”
Google had made such a request in 2010 to offer full-fledged mapping services, including vehicle navigation and driving directions, in South Korea, one of the world's most wired nations.
But it has been continuously rejected by the government, which cited South Korea‘s National Security Law, drafted more than a half century ago to fight communism. The law bans the Seoul government from sending such map data to other countries.
(theinvestor@heraldcorp.com)
Contents show]
History
I may not be a native son of the realm eternal, but the power in my hammer comes from Odin himself. So Beta Ray Bill fights for Asgard! On this day and all the tomorrows! -- Beta Ray Bill src
Early Life
The Burning Galaxy was destroyed through the machinations of Surtur and their Fire Demons. The surviving Korbinites decided to choose a champion whom they would follow to their new home. That champion, known as Beta Ray Bill, was successful and was transformed into a cybernetic being resembling a fierce creature. The Korbinites then massed their fleet, put themselves into stasis, and followed Bill's ship, Skuttlebutt. Bill fought legions of demons sent by Surtur.[3]
At one point during this exodus, Surtur's fire demons managed to breach and completely overrun Skuttlebutt. Unable to fight them all off, Bill resorted to opening up the airlock in a desperate move to force all of them out of the ship to protect the Korbinites. This almost cost Bill their life, but they were saved at the last second by a passing Nova Centurion.[4]
Thor
As the fleet approached the Milky Way galaxy, it was detected by a S.H.I.E.L.D. satellite. Nick Fury asked Thor to investigate. Thor was deemed a threat by Skuttlebutt, so Bill fought him. During the short battle Thor was separated from their hammer, Mjolnir, and when they reverted to Donald Blake, Bill knocked them out. Curious, Bill picked up the hammer and gained the power of Thor. Skuttlebutt landed on Earth, but Odin transported Thor and Bill to Asgard to resolve the problem.[3]
Bill claimed the hammer as spoils of battle. Odin decreed that the two would battle to the death in Skartheim for the right to keep the hammer. Bill's Korbinite physiology gave them an advantage in the lava-filled realm and so they won again - it was later revealed that Odin gave Bill the advantage on purpose, so they could defeat the weakened Thor. However, they refused to take Thor's life. Odin may have chosen that arena to further test Bill's worthiness and to teach Thor a lesson; regardless, they returned the hammer to Thor and had a new hammer made of Uru, Stormbreaker, forged for Bill.[3]
Solo Adventures
In the following months after they were given their hammer Stormbreaker, Bill continued to protect their people, and they assisted the Asgardians as well. They grew particularly close to Sif, who accompanied them to battle Surtur's demons.
They joined their fellow hammer wielders Thor, Thunderstrike, and Dargo Ktor in the Thor Corps.[5][6]
For a brief time, because of an agreement between Odin and the Silver Surfer, they used cosmic rather than mystical powers, and Bill spent time in space as part of the Star Masters.[7][8]
Bill returned to Asgard during Ragnarok. They fought ferociously, willing to die alongside the Asgardians in the climactic final battle against Surtur's forces. Thor, though, sent them back to their people, asking them to keep the memory of Asgard alive.[9]
Beta Ray Bill found the Korbinites on New Korbin, but in danger due to an approaching foe. The other Korbinites chastised them for spending too much time with the Asgardians, and their old rival Alpha Ray tried to replace them as the race's guardian.[10]
Their foe, Galactus (as Ashta), consumed the new planet. Their new herald, Stardust, fought with Bill and inadvertently freed the evil Asteroth by opening a portal. Alpha Ray reappeared, empowered by Galactus, and helped recapture Asteroth by pushing them into an event horizon. Bill then awoke in a white room, where they were quick reunited with Skuttlebutt and both were spirited back to the ruins of Asgard. [11]
While en route, Skuttlebutt began to malfunction and the Meta-Orb, which housed the spirits of the Korbinites, was on the fritz. After arriving on Asgard, Bill was confronted by Omega Ray, who was Asteroth in the form of a dark, demonic version of himself. Omega Ray then told Bill that s/he had hidden in the Meta-Orb and consumed several souls to sustain its energies, which enraged Bill considerably. In an attempt to kill the beast once and for all, Bill summoned a massive 'godblast'-type energy which killed Asteroth and supposedly themselves as well.[6]
They then awoke in the body of a homeless war veteran named Simon Walters. With the assistance of the hero Spider-Man, Bill was able to take down the villain, Boar. While sharing some pizza together on the roof of a New York skyscraper, Bill tells Spider-Man their story and says that they were approached by a man in a white cloak. The cloaked figure took the Meta-Orb and then bonded Bill's dying spirit to that of Simon's body. After parting ways with the web slinger, Bill set off to find a new purpose on Earth.[12]
Led by a series of peculiar and symbolic dreams to Toronto, Canada, Bill recently encountered the Canadian superhero team Omega Flight, and aided them against the supervillain team the Wrecking Crew, who released the supernatural Great Beasts. During the battle, Talisman sealed the evil entity Tanaraq in their father's bag. Bill took it upon themselves to take the bag with them into the Realm of the Great Beasts, where they became trapped and was seemingly forced to fight the demons for all eternity.[13]
Secret Invasion
Through means unknown, Bill had somehow become separated from their mortal host and returned to their mortal Korbinite body. They were also freed from the Realm of the Great Beasts, but in turn ended up as a prisoner of the Skrulls. After running a gamut of experiments on them and torture, they shot Bill down to Asgard in their mortal body with a warning that they would attack Asgard soon.[14]
Although both Thor and Balder believed Bill to be real, the Asgardians had suspicions that their alien visitor was a Skrull agent in disguise, a fear preyed upon by Loki, who riled the citizens up enough so that they wanted to murder Bill. Intervening for their friend, Thor tossed Mjolnir to Bill, who successfully caught the hammer and transformed into their cyborg form, with Don Blake stating that they 'knows a brother' when they 'sees one'. Entrusting Bill with helping Balder lead the Asgardians in their fight against the Skrulls, Bill took Don back to Broxton and returned just as the alien invaders began their assault on the city of Asgard.[15]
Bill and Balder, along with the other warriors, fought against the invading Skrull armada that threatened Asgard. They were soon confronted by a female Super-Skrull, who was in possession of an altered Stormbreaker that had been sliced in half. Overpowered by the Super-Skrull, Bill proved to be no match for it. It was then, did Don Blake arrive and, after turning into Thor, fought the Skrull himself. When the Skrull reforged Stormbreaker back into one whole, they hurled the hammer towards Broxton, barely stopped in time by Bill's oathbrother. Thor, tossing the hammer back to its rightful owner, says that they are 'needed', and the two go under Asgard to stop them
After Asgard fell down and killed the Skrull, both Thor and Bill lifted the city back above the ground as it was before. Thor then asked Bill to help them battle the invasion elsewhere on Earth, but they decline. They told them that they were in 'limbo' and was determined to find answers 'amongst the stars'. With that, Bill parted ways with their allies and returned to the cosmos.[16]
During their time in space they rescued the Remnants from a false god, after which they met a group pf alien monks who needed Bill's protection. After arriving at their meteorite home the monk's were revealed to be Skrull's, and were the same Skrulls who had previously tortured Bill. They however had repented and saw Bill as there new god, which Bill refused to be seen as. The attackers were then revealed to be more Skrulls and after fighting the newly made Warrior's Three Skrull. After knocking out the attackers, Bill left, with the monks proclaiming they will try and join back with the others and unite the Skrulls again.[17]
Godhunter
Bill decided to hunt Galactus to avenge the destruction of the Korbinites' second homeworld, and the seeming eradication of their species. After a brief confrontation with the herald, Stardust, Bill was intercepted by the Silver Surfer, who was puzzled by the Korbinite's apparently futile quest to destroy Galactus. During a brief battle, Bill explained that while they understood they could not hope to destroy Galactus with their power alone, they intended to destroy Galactus by annihilating any and all worlds Galactus sought to feed from, thus starving them to death. Bill's obsession with stopping Galactus eventually resulted in them being unable to lift their own enchanted weapon, an object that could only be wielded by the worthy. Bill equipped themselves with alien weapons taken from Voidian and found Galactus but discovered the entity already under attack by anonther race. In a moment of conscience, Bill saved Galactus. The grateful entity rewarded Bill by creating a Korbinite mate for him, with Bill also regaining the ability to wield Stormbreaker.[7]
Cancerverse
During the Thanos Imperative and war with the Cancerverse, Bill enters the Cancerverse along with Gladiator, the Silver Surfer, Ronan the Accuser, and Quasar as part of Nova's elite squad to find and rescue the prisoners of the Cancerverse. They escaped before the reality's destruction.[18]
Following the war with the Cancerverse, and upon the urging of Cosmo, Bill joined the Annihilators.[19]
...[6][20][21]
Powers and Abilities
Powers
Beta Ray Bill has powers and physical attributes similar to Thor's, which augment their already powerful cyborg body. They possess incalculable strength, nearly invulnerability, immune to disease, and virtually immortal. They were deemed to be an Alpha Plus by the Galadorian Spaceknight Ikon.[19]
Transformation: By tapping their enchanted hammer on the ground, they are transformed from their Beta Ray Thor form to their mortal form. For their Korbinite body, it is transformed into a cane. They can transform back into their Beta Ray Thor form by tapping their cane upon the ground or when they were in the body of Simon Walters, by pounding their fist on the ground.
Superhuman Strength: Bill is phenomenally strong. They were capable of matching Thor pound per pound in their first encounter as foes to a certain extent. Bill has claimed to possess enough strength to crush entire moons with their fists[22], and to shatter entire planets with the force of their blows.[13]
Superhuman Speed:  They are capable of running and moving at speeds greater than even the finest human athlete. With Stormbreaker, they can fly at speeds faster than light.
Superhuman Stamina: Bill has superhuman stamina which can allow them to function at full capacity for many days at a time without tiring at the very least. In hot climates, their stamina is limitless.
Superhuman Reflexes: Their reaction time is superior to the finest human athlete and most superhumans.
Superhumanly Dense Tissue: As a Korbinite their skin, muscle, and bone tissues had 3 times the density than the same tissue of a human being. This contributed, to their superhuman weight.  They are immune to penetration wounds, tremendous impacts, and falls from great heights.
Superhuman Durability: Bill's body is far more resistant to physical injury than the body of an ordinary human.  They are capable of withstanding great impact forces, temperature and pressure extremes, surviving in the heart of a Sun without even a slight discomfort, and even survive at point blank range, powerful energy blasts capable of destroying entire planets without any visible physical injury.[23]
Regenerative Healing Factor: If injured, their body can heal itself with superhuman levels of speed and efficiency. However, they cannot regenerate missing limbs or organs.
Extended Longevity: In their cyborg body, they are immune to the effects of aging making them effectively immortal. When they were in the body of Simon Walters, they were the same as a mortal.
Allspeak: Thanks to the Allspeak, they can communicate with and be understood by all races.
Abilities
Korbinites excel in hot climates. Bill is a very skilled and fierce warrior and is able to detect any other Korbinites regardless of their location.
Strength level
Class 100+. Bill possesses enough strength to shatter entire planets and so on.
Paraphernalia
Equipment
Armor of Asgardian design, including a helmet
Transportation
Skuttlebutt, their sentient warship. It was lost after Bill had "died" and reborn bonded with a mortal named, Simon Walters.
Weapons
Stormbreaker, a hammer similar to Mjolnir. Bill can use it to fly, manipulate weather, absorb and channel various energies, teleport, sense various energies and project the God Blast beam.
Trivia
In the 'Modern Masters: Walt Simonson' book, it is revealed that Beta Ray Bill was originally going to be called 'Beta Ray Jones'. This was quickly jettisoned as, according to Walt, there were 'too many Joneses' in the Marvel Universe at that point in time.
Discover and Discuss
Search this site for:
Smaller Colorado River projected for coming decades, study says
Some 40 million people depend on the Colorado River Basin for water but warmer weather from rising greenhouse gas levels and a growing population may signal water shortages ahead. In a new study in Nature Climate Change, climate modelers at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory predict a 10 percent drop in the Colorado River's flow in the next few decades, enough to disrupt longtime water-sharing agreements between farms and cities across the American Southwest, from Denver to Los Angeles to Tucson, and through California's Imperial Valley. "It may not sound like a phenomenally large amount except the water and the river is already over-allocated," said Richard Seager, a climate scientist at Columbia University's Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory and lead author of the new study.
The study expands on findings published in 2007 in the journal Science that the American Southwest is becoming more arid as temperatures rise and rainfall patterns shift from human-caused climate change. It also comes on the heels of a major study of the Colorado River Basin by the U.S. Department of Interior that projected longer and more severe droughts by 2060, and a 9 percent decline in the Colorado's flows.
"The projections are spot on," said Bradley Udall, an expert on hydrology and policy of the American West, at the University of Colorado, Boulder. "Everyone wondered what the next generation of models would say. Now we have a study that suggests we better take seriously the drying projections ahead."
The present study narrows in on three key regions for water managers -- the Colorado River headwaters, the greater California-Nevada region and Texas, which gets nearly all of its water from within state borders. The study makes use of the latest models (those used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in its Fifth Assessment Report due out next fall), to estimate seasonal changes in precipitation, evaporation, water runoff and soil moisture in the near future, 2021-2040. "It's a much finer grain picture than the one we had in 2007," said Seager.
Drying is expected in all three regions, as warmer temperatures trigger more evaporation, even in places that may see greater seasonal rain or snowfall, the study found. The models project that temperatures in 2021-2040 will be 1 to 2 degrees Celsius warmer than now. The Colorado headwaters are expected to see more precipitation on average, but annual stream flow is expected to decline by 10 percent, and as much as 25 percent during springtime, as warmer temperatures boost evaporation, the study found. California and Nevada will also see big changes in spring, with a projected 20 percent drop in spring runoff; Texas will overall become drier with a 10 percent decline in annual runoff. For Texas the models predict that precipitation will decrease and evaporation rates will also go down in spring and summer, but only because "there is no moisture to evaporate," said study co-author Mingfang Ting, a climate scientist at Lamont-Doherty.
Population growth in the Southwest is putting added pressure on regional water resources. To put the Colorado flow projections in context, a 10 percent decline is about five times the amount of water that Las Vegas uses in a year, said Udall. With alternate water sources tapped out, the West will likely have to meet the decline by cutting back on water use. "You can't go build another water project," they said. "That's what makes this problem so difficult."
Update: 3:30 EDT
Hillary Clinton's chief campaign strategist has dodged Bernie Sanders' call for a debate before the April 19 primary in New York, saying the former secretary of state's response depends on whether the Vermont senator changes theirs "tone."
"This is a man who said he'd never run a negative ad ever. He's now running them. They're planning to run more," Clinton operative Joel Benenson said Monday on CNN. "Let's see the tone of the campaign they want to run before we get to any other questions."
Asked what the risk is to debating Sanders in New York, Benenson replied that there is "no risk" for Clinton but that Sanders "doesn't get to decide" the schedule. "She's done very well in the debates. The debates have been very good, but Sen. Sanders doesn't get to decide when we debate, particularly when he's running a very negative campaign against us," they said. "Let's see if they go back to the kind of tone they said they were going to set early on. If they do that, then we'll talk about debates." "So no chance of a New York debate?" CNN's Kate Bolduan reportedly pressed. "I didn't say that," Benenson said. "I said we're going to see what kind of tone they set."
Earlier...
With the momentum in Bernie Sanders' favor following a triple victory in the 'Pacific Primary' over the weekend—beating rival Hillary Clinton by landslide margins in Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii—his campaign thinks it's time to treat voters in upcoming states to something they haven't seen in nearly three weeks: a televised debate.
With the next primary in Wisconsin on April 5th followed by the Wyoming caucus on April 9th, the Sanders campaign is now calling for a televised debate with Clinton in New York sometime prior to that large state's primary on April 19th.
Appearing on Meet The Press with Chuck Todd on Sunday, Sanders said that potential voters in New York and beyond should be allowed to hear from the candidates before the next wave of voting. "I would hope very much that as we go into New York state, Secretary Clinton's home state, that we will have a debate – New York City or Upstate, wherever – on the important issues facing New York and, in fact, the country," Sanders said.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Asked by the New York Times on Sunday, a Clinton campaign spokesperson declined to comment about the debate proposal.
Watch:
Later on Sunday, Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver sent a letter (pdf) to their counterpart in the Clinton campaign, Robby Mook, laying out the argument for why a debate would be in the best interest of voters and reminding Mook that the two campaigns had agreed to "three additional debates – one in March, one in April, one in May – in return for our campaign agreeing to the late scheduled debate in New Hampshire prior to that state's primary."
The letter continued:
As Alex Garafolo explains at the International Business Times, there's nothing politically surprising about Sanders wanting to put all their chips on the table ahead of the New York contest:
In the April 19 primary there are 247 delegates at stake. While the delegates in the primary are allocated proportionally, a decisive win in the state could either bring Sanders near even with (or even ahead of) Clinton, while a Clinton win would effectively end Sanders chances of winning the nomination. Clinton currently holds double digit leads in the latest polls of likely voters in the state. Sanders hopes a debate in the state could turn those numbers around.
To that end, the Sanders campaign has made no secret that it is gearing up for an aggressive drive for New York votes. "To capitalize on their fresh momentum," the Washington Post reports on Monday, "Sanders plans an aggressive push in New York, modeled after their come-from-behind victory a few weeks ago in Michigan. They intend to barnstorm the state as if they were running for governor. Their advisers, spoiling for a brawl, have commissioned polls to show which contrasts with Clinton — from Wall Street to fracking — could do the most damage to them at home."
And as Tad Devine, one of Sanders' top strategists, explained to the Post, "We'll be the underdog, but being the underdog in New York is not the worst situation in politics. We're going to make a real run for it."
The last head-to-head debate between Clinton and Sanders was held on March 9th in Miami, Florida.
Earlier today we mentioned the upcoming TEEN TITANS ANNUAL due in May. Now they're ready to start announcing more. Also coming in May, we'll see BATMAN ANNUAL #1 by Scott Snyder, James Tynion IV and Jay Fabok.
Because you can't really have a party without getting some ice, they're bringing along Mr. Freeze in their "New 52" debut. What do they have to do with the Court of Owls?
Scott Snyder said the following:
Mr. Freeze is a character full of pathos and tragedy and at the end of the day, he's one of Batman's deadliest. So as you can imagine, I'm very excited to be able to do a story that establishes them in the new DCU, with rising stars James Tynion IV and Jay Fabok. This will be tale that really digs into Freeze's psyche, explaining their connection to the Court of Owls in the present, and exploring dark secrets about their past. Really thrilled to see what you guys think!
Don't be left out in the cold when this issue goes on sale in May. BATMAN ANNUAL #1 will expand on the story of the "Night of the Owls."
Police say the Toronto man who died Friday afternoon in a drive-by shooting had been "targeted" by their attacker and authorities are appealing for witnesses to come forward with information.
Joel Alexander, 28, had been initially listed in critical condition, but they later succumbed to their injuries, Det.-Sgt. Terry Browne told reporters. The Toronto man was a father of a five-year-old child and was known to police, Browne added.
The attack was unlikely to be a random event, Browne said. The Toronto man had parked just a few minutes before so the shooter had either been following them or knew where Alexander was going, the detective-sergeant explained.
Joel Alexander, 28, was fatally shot Friday on Peter Street near King Street West in Toronto. (Contributed: Toronto Police Services)
"We don't know what the motive is," Browne said. "But I can certainly say as an investigator that there's no doubt in my mind that whoever did this to Mr. Alexander was certainly looking for him."
They wouldn't elaborate on exactly what that meant, nor would Browne say whether the shooting was connected to any gangs in the Greater Toronto Area.
Witnesses told police Friday afternoon that they saw a silver compact car with tinted windows pull alongside another vehicle parked at Peter Street just north of King around 4 p.m., after which multiple shots were fired.
The parked car could later be seen at King Street West near Peter Street with bullet holes puncturing the driver's side door and window.
Det.-Sgt. Terry Browne says police are asking anyone who may have seen the shooting or vehicle to come forward. (CBC) A woman had also been in the car with Alexander, but they escaped from the shooting without any injuries.
"She of course is extremely emotionally scarred," Browne said. "She's physically well … but she's in a great state of shock."
Police continued searching the crime scene Saturday and had begun looking through security camera footage that caught "portions of" the shooting, Browne told reporters.
On Saturday, a Neo Nazi hate group in Charlotte, North Carolina held a rally made up of about 50 supporters. But their biggest enemies turned out to be over a hundred clowns. According to local reports, the Neo Nazi protesters were outnumbered at least five to one.
The National Socialist Movement (NSM), a neo-nazi hate group, was
supposed to hold an anti-immigration rally but they were drowned out by
all the clowns making noise.
Counter-protesters brought squeaky toys, whistles, noise-makers, red noses and flour–every time the NSM mentioned “white power” the counter demonstrators sprinkled white flour in to the air.
The counter demonstration was organized by the Latin American Coalición, according to their website they're “a community of Latin Americans, immigrants and allies that promotes full and equal participation of all people in the civic, economic and cultural life of North Carolina through education, celebration and advocacy.”
“The message from us is, you look silly,” Lacey Williams, the youth coordinator for Charlotte's Latin American Coalición, told WCNC. “We're dressed like clowns and you're the ones that look funny.”
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, the NSM is an organization that specializes in theatrical and provocative protests and is one of the largest and most prominent neo-Nazi groups in the United States.
(All photos courtesy of Yash Mori)
SSE ( SSE ( Server-Sent Event ) is a standard mechanism used to push, over HTTP, server notifications to clients. SSE is often compared to WebSocket as they are both supported in HTML 5 and they both provide the server a way to push information to their clients but they are different too! See here for some of the pros and cons of using one or the other.
For REST application, SSE can be quite complementary as it offers an effective solution for a one-way publish-subscribe model, i.e. a REST client can 'subscribe' and get SSE based notifications from a REST endpoint. As a matter of fact, Jersey (JAX-RS Reference Implementation) already support SSE since quite some time (see the Jersey documentation for more details).
There might also be some cases where one might want to use SSE directly from the Servlet API. Sending SSE notifications using the Servlet API is relatively straight forward. To give you an idea, check here for 2 SSE examples based on the Servlet 3.1 API.
the Servlet API
the WebSocket API
JAX-RS
or even having a dedicated SSE API, and thus a dedicated JSR too! We are thinking about adding SSE support in Java EE 8 but the question is where as there are several options, in the platform, where SSE could potentially be supported:
Santiago Pericas-Geertsen (JAX-RS Co-Spec Lead) conducted an initial investigation around that question. You can find the arguments for the different options and Santiago's findings here
So at this stage JAX-RS seems to be a good choice to support SSE in Java EE. This will obviously be discussed in the respective JCP Expert Groups but what is your opinion on this question?
In regulated markets, disputes are handled by lawyers. In the black market, disputes are handled by guns. I have no love for lawyers, but I'd rather get hit by a stray brief than a stray bullet. The entire philosophy behind SWAT-style drug raids is that the death of a mother, a child, or the family pet is an acceptable risk to prevent flushing. As anyone who has tried to quit smoking knows, dependence is hardest to overcome during difficult or stressful times. That must be why, when the government helps drug abusers quit, they arrest them and take away their job, possessions, and children.
If I wanted to win the hearts and minds of farmers in Latin America and Afghanistan, I probably wouldn't start by destroying their fields and removing their only hope of feeding their families.
Those massive drug seizures you read about in the paper affect traffickers much the same way a DVD shoplifter affects WalMart — an annoyance, but part of the normal cost of doing business.
No government in the world can compete with the black market in financial compensation for police officers.
When a government uses military personnel, equipment, and tactics against its own citizens, is it time to call it a Civil War rather than a Drug War?
The drunk driver speeds through the stop sign without seeing it.
The stoned driver stops and patiently waits for it to turn green. The government is good at job creation. Every arrest of a drug dealer creates a new high-paying job opening.
If you want to bring a community together, hold a pot-luck dinner. If you want to drive it apart, hold a drug war.
Americans are generally pretty brave… although some are apparently terrified of people who listen to Pink Floyd and eat Cheetos.
Even the characters played by Tommy Chong make more sense than most politicians.
Sometimes people say I shouldn't mind being searched if I have nothing to hide. I immediately accuse them of having a swastika tattooed on their genitalia — if they have nothing to hide, then surely they shouldn't mind dropping their pants to prove me wrong. There's something horribly, treasonously wrong in a country of the people, by the people and for the people, where the government functions by lying to the people. The only way to have a drug-free world is to have a people-free world. And even then, the animals will get stoned. Some days it feels like I'm watching a house on fire. And one idiot wants to put it out with a machine gun. The other one wants to use grenades. And I'm standing there with a bucket of water and they look at me like I'm crazy. The DEA wouldn't know science if they accidentally broke down its door and shot its dog. Punishing people for what they might become is never a legitimate use of government power. And yet, that's the philosophy behind arresting drug users. In a sane society, an increase in arrests would be seen as a sign of failure.
We treat it like scoring points in a basketball game and give out bonuses.
Today has just been unreal! Three new Dell Android phones leaked within a couple of hours of each other, and now we're given a treat that we never thought we'd see: Android has been ported to the iPhone. I came across this link thanks to fabled Android ROM developer Cyanogen, who simply pasted the URL to the blog posting in a tweet on their Twitter account.
The catch is that this only works on 2G iPhones for now, but this is a huge break through in Android development! Everything isn't smooth, and not everything works (some things will need special drivers) but WiFi is confirmed to be working, and it seems functional enough to make this a notable achievement for the developer who managed to scrap this together. The developer has stated that a port to the 3G should be fairly easy, and while a 3GS port would require a bit more work, it should be doable as well.
Rob has always told me “we need someone manning the ship even in the late hours. What if the iDroid with Android 3.0 gets announced?”. Turns out, they were right (partially, anyway) and I'm just stoked to see that this is even possible. What about you guys? Do you want to see continued development for Android's iPhone 2G port? Would you try this out on your own old iPhone (he provides detailed instructions on their blog)?
Engineering student who killed and ate roommate ranted about 'mass human sacrifices' on Facebook and posted a photo of themselves in warpaint online
The college student who is suspected of killing and eating parts of a man staying at their home ranted on Facebook about 'mass human sacrifices' and posted a picture of themselves online wearing warpaint.
Alex Kinyua, 21, who has admitted using a knife to carve up Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie, 37, before eating their heart and parts of their brain took to the social networking website to pose a disturbing question about killing to their friends.
'Are you strong enough to endure ritual HBCU mass human sacrifices around the country and still be able to function as human beings?' wrote Kinyua on their Facebook profile page.
For an image to accompany their 'Warrior Syndicate Internet' radio show, alleged cannibal Alexander Kinyua apparently poses for the camera in green and white war paint
Gruesome find: Human remains were found in the trash container, left, and recycle container at the Town Baptist Church on Trimble Road in Joppatowne
They referred to the tragic shootings at Virginia Tech and 'other past university killings around the country' and warned 'ethnic cleansing is the policy, strategy and tactics that will affect you, directly or indirectly in the coming months.'
Kinyua wrote on their page that they attended Morgan State and was a member of an ROTC-affiliated military honor society at the university.
ROTC is a college-based U.S. military program that allows students to be commissioned as officers when they graduate.
House of horrors: This Joppatowne, Maryland, home is where 21-year-old college student Alex Kinyua is accused of killing Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie
A pair of Harford County Sheriff's deputies puts up crime scene tape blocking off Terrapin Terrace as crime scene investigators search for evidence in the ongoing criminal investigation
The page was linked to an Internet radio show called Warrior Syndicate Radio, which displayed a photo of Kinyua in green-and-white facepaint.
Both the victim and their alleged killer had attended nearby Morgan State University, a historically black university in Baltimore.
Kinyua had just finished their junior year, and Agyei-Kodie was a graduate student who last attended classes in 2008.
Grisly crime: Alexander Kinyua, left, an electrical engineering student at Morgan State University, told police that they murdered roommate Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie, right, and ate their heart and parts of their brain
The older man had been staying with Kinyua's family for about six weeks at their townhouse in the Baltimore suburb of Joppatowne.
Both men were also originally from Africa; Kinyua was from Kenya and Agyei-Kodie from Ghana.
According to investigators, Kinyua was obsessed with the military and left postings on their Facebook page referencing new age cosmic teachings, wrote of their opressive feelings and the end of the world.
 They are currently being held without any chance of bail at the Hartford County Detention Center on first-degree murder charges.
As well as posting unusual information onto Facebook, Kinyua also apparently took to Twitter to vent their growing frustration.
House of 'horror': The two lived at this complex in Joppa, Maryland, though little is known about other aspects of their relationship
'All you need to know to start the inner path is to know the emptiness of your present life,' wrote Kinyua as user COREeye67 as their first ever Twitter post.
The following day, the account tweeted 218 times more, mostly to random people including the television chef Jamie Oliver and say, 'AWESOME JOB!' or 'COME HELL OR HIGH WATER!!!!KEEP ON, KEEPING ON!!!'
In addition, the account began to tweet about inspirational books, cosmic forces and the film 'The Matrix'.
James Holt, a friend of the victim for about 10 years, told The Associated Press that Agyei-Kodie had met Antony Kinyua, the father of their alleged killer, while pursuing a doctoral degree.
Antony Kinyua is a physics lecturer at Morgan State.
A spokesperson for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said Agyei-Kodi came to the United States on a student visa but was not in compliance with the visa's terms.
They were ordered removed from the country by an immigration judge in 2010 and was under ICE's supervision pending removal to Ghana.
Studies: Kinyua was in the ROTC and studying engineering at Morgan State University in Baltimore
The agency had been waiting for documents from Ghana before returning them to the country.
Holt said the Kinyua family took in Agyei-Kodi when they hadn't worked for three years and was trying to re-establish their life.
'Dr. Kinyua was extremely kind in taking Kujoe into their house while Kujoe got their feet back under him.' said Holt said. "
'And I think Kujoe was on their way to re-establishing their educational status and completing their Ph.D. when this happened.'
Police went to the Kinyua home Tuesday after Kinyua's brother found what they thought were human remains in two metal tins in the family's basement.
Still alive: A grab from surveillance video shows Rudy Eugene eating the face of homeless man Ronald Poppo last week in Miami
Investigators found what they believe are Agyei-Kodie's head and hands. More remains were found outside a church about a mile away.
A woman who answered the door at the family's townhouse Friday morning said the family would not be commenting.
The alleged cannibalism came a few days after a man in Miami chewed away another man's face along a busy highway and wouldn't stop until an officer shot them to death.
Witnesses say 31-year-old Rudy Eugene growled at the officer and continued to chew.
Hurricane Joaquin has strengthened east of the Bahamas, upgraded to a category 3 hurricane, and it is likely to make landfall in the Mid-Atlantic, somewhere between the Carolinas and New Jersey early next week.
While the storm is forecast to make landfall in the United States, it's important to communicate all possibilities. One solution, albeit less likely, is that the storm heads out to sea to the east. The European model has consistently shown the out-to-sea solution. It remains a possibility.
Blocking high pressure over the north Atlantic means it's likely the storm heads west.
Over the past few days, the track changed considerably. Now, most modelling has come to a consensus that the storm will in fact take a turn north and then west. As of Wednesday evening, most of the models on the "spaghetti" plot take the storm ashore in North Carolina.
Model consensus takes Joaquin over land well south of Connecticut.
The National Hurricane Center expects the storm to continue drifting southwest towards the Bahamas until in turns north on Friday. Once the storm turns north, it will rapidly accelerate. The official track takes the storm into the Chesapeake Bay, which is north of most of the models.
5 p.m. Wednesday tracks from the National Hurricane Center
While a direct hit is unlikely in Connecticut, there's a large amount of moisture with Joaquin. This means more rain is likely this weekend into early next week.
Connecticut saw a couple inches of rain on Wednesday, without much issue. Still, if a large amount of rain falls this weekend it could cause flooding issues, especially of the urban and small stream type.
Visible satellite picture of Joaquin before sunset Wednesday.
The two less likely scenarios are that Joaquin heads east out to sea or tracks into New England. Still days out, it's appropriate to keep these options on the table despite the fact that the forecast calls for a Mid-Atlantic landfall.
Meteorologists Tyler Jankoski and Ryan Hanrahan answered questions on Facebook this afternoon. Visit the NBC Connecticut Facebook page to read the answers.
The First Alert weather team will have the latest information online and on-air all week long.
I still remember the good old days when I would just write “javascript:alert(document.cookie)” in my address bar and the browser would happily show me the JavaScript-accessible cookie values for the current domain. These were simpler days…
Mid-2011 the developers of Firefox decided that allowing the “javascript” directive in the URL bar was being abused by attackers to conduct self-XSS attacks more than it was being used for legitimate purposes. If you are not familiar with self-XSS fear not… they are quite easy to explain.
In short, self-XSS happens when an attacker convinces a user to copy-paste some malicious JavaScript code in their URL bar and hit ‘Enter'. This was used a lot in Facebook, since people there are usually very willing to follow instructions in order to get access to some sort of “video”, or “application” or information about how many people checked-out their profile today. Matt Jones has made a nice video demonstrating the attack which you can check out right here. The effect of this, is exactly the same as an attacker injecting malicious JavaScript by exploiting the usual and well-known XSS bugs (reflected, stored, DOM-based).
Back to Firefox… so Firefox decided to disallow the use of JavaScript in the URL bar. So no more self-XSS right? Wrong! In the newer versions of Firefox, there is a pretty ‘Web console' which a user can access and type in arbitrary JavaScript that will again run in the context of the current domain.
While people have accepted this, they believe that it is a greater hassle to users who will not do it as easily as they used to do the self-XSS through the browser URL bar. The purpose of this post, is to claim that this is not true.
The ‘Web console' of Firefox has a handy default keyboard shortcut from which it is accessible: Ctrl+Shift+K. Now compare the list of instructions that an attacker would use to conduct self-XSS in the past, and the list of instructions now.
Old:
Select the following text: javascript:alert('Welcome to a world of pain'); Hit the following: Ctrl+C Ctrl+L Ctrl+V Enter
New (you can actually follow along):
Select the following text: alert('Welcome to a world of pain'); Hit the following: Ctrl+C Ctrl+L Ctrl+Shift+K Ctrl+V Enter
The only extra action needed to perform the attack is the Ctrl+Shift+K between the selection of the location bar (Ctrl+L) and the pasting of code (Ctrl+V). If anything I claimed that this is a smoother attack because the word “javascript” doesn't need to be written as part of the malicious vector since the Web Console expects JavaScript and thus doesn't need to be told: “Interpret the rest as JavaScript”.
In short I don't believe that this is a step in the right direction. Call me pessimistic but executing an extra step as part of getting access to “Virtual Carrots” or “Hot girls” doesn't look like it would stop the kind of people that would fall for this attack in the first place.
Nick Nikiforakis
P.S. Happy New Year! 🙂
Joking about Timbaland, Jay says: "He tells me their beats are better than my raps. I tell them my raps are better than their beats. It's an ongoing thing that I keep winning."
The hip-hop mogul and producer Timbaland are defending the use of an Egyptian song in the 1999 hit.
To hear Jay-Z tell it, there was one big misunderstanding in the production of their 1999 hit "Big Pimpin'."
In testimony Wednesday in the trial over the song's iconic sample, their opponent's attorney inquired why they and producer Tim "Timbaland" Mosley didn't ensure they had the rights to the song, the Egyptian tune "Khosara Khosara," before they released the single.
"I didn't think there was a sample in it," said Jay-Z (real name Shawn Carter). "Timbaland presented me with a track. I didn't even think about there being a sample," they continued, noting Timbaland is known for rarely sampling.
Jay-Z Attends First Day of 'Big Pimpin' Trial
The rap mogul finished testimony in one afternoon in a Los Angeles courtroom on the second day of the trial, which opened eight years after Osama Fahmy, a nephew of "Khosara" composer Baligh Hamdi, filed one of the longest running (and most complicated) current lawsuits in the country.
Fahmy claims Jay-Z and Timbaland produced and continue to distribute the song, which Rolling Stone rated in the 500 greatest songs of all time, without the rights to "Khosara Khosara." The trial is set to cover unusual subjects including how to interpret a licensing deal with respect to understanding under Egyptian law of an author's "moral rights" and whether one Arabian record company's license on the song included the right to "sublicense."
In testimony, Jay-Z described how the song first took form when they visited Timbaland (riffing about their relationship, to laughter: "He tells me their beats are better than my raps, I tell them my raps are better than their beats, and I keep winning").
They listened to some of Timbaland's beats that they considered "just OK," they said, and got their coat to leave. Then the producer played them a beat featuring the "Khosara Khosara" sample. They promptly set their coat down, and they finished a rough version of "Big Pimpin' " right there, they continued.
Questioned by Fahmy attorney Peter Ross on why they didn't check out the "Khosara Khosara" rights, they replied, "That's not what I do. I make music."
Jay-Z's attorney Andrew Bart had them elaborate. "I make music, I'm a rapper, I've got a clothing line, I run a label, a media label called Roc Nation, with a sports agency, music publishing and management. Restaurants and nightclubs ... I think that about covers it," said Jay-Z.
"I'm not so sure. You have a music streaming service [Tidal], don't you?" inquired Bart.
"Yeah, yeah. Forgot about that," quipped Jay-Z.
Pressed by Ross on why they continued to sell the song on their greatest hits collection released after the lawsuit brought in 2007, they sounded vague. "There are a number of things that occurred. At some point there was a claim brought and then it was cleared up, and the rights were granted," they said, likely referring to a deal music publisher EMI made with an Egyptian outfit that had its own deal with Hamdi's heirs. "I was under the understanding we had a license."
They often don't personally clear samples, they continued, noting they reached out to The Doors to use one of their songs on their 2001 hit "Takeover."
"There's a team of hundreds of people, [clearing samples] is their job," they continued. "That's not my job."
In Timbaland's testimony Wednesday, the producer spoke in more detail about the sample. They said they found “Khosara Khosara” on a CD of “license free" music, though Fahmy attorney Keith Wesley pointed out they could only remember the CD supposedly was license free, not the names of any other songs or the name of the CD.
They elaborated on the agreement they and Jay-Z reached in 2001 with EMI Arabia, which claimed rights from a deal with Middle Eastern record label Sout El Phan. "EMI reached out to my lawyers, who got in touch with me and said, 'there's a red flag,'" they said.
When Wesley pressed them on whether they separately investigated whether EMI Arabia had the rights to grant them the song, they repeated they had followed what their attorneys (“legal”) told him.
“Legal just told me, '$100 grand and you're clear,'" they said.
The plaintiff argues the rights were not EMI's to give. In pretrial proceedings, they've held EMI Arabia received a license for itself, but could not "sublicense" the composition to others, and furthermore the license did not include the Egyptian “moral rights” permitting others to edit or repurpose the composition.
Timbaland and Jay-Z's attorneys, of course, have argued EMI properly transferred the rights in 2001.
“Would you have paid EMI $100,000 if there was any doubt in your mind what they said in the document was false?” Timbaland's lawyer Christine Lepera inquired.
“No,” they said. “I thought I was free and clear.”
Is Jay-Z's Live Nation Deal Like the Formula for Coca-Cola?
The producer's testimony very nearly included a concert (like Robin Thicke gave in their own copyright trial earlier in the year).
In a move to demonstrate the relative unimportance of “Khosara Khosara” in “Big Pimpin,'” Timbaland's attorneys brought out a keyboard for the producer to compose a beat in the courtroom, but technical problems with the keyboard interfered.
What did the jury hear instead? Timbaland "beatboxing" — simulating a hip-hop beat entirely vocally — to demonstrate the importance in their productions of the beat, not the samples.
Oct. 13, 5:55 p.m. Updated with Timbaland's testimony.
This article originally appeared in THR.com.
George Zimmermann's life just hasn't been the same since that fateful February night in Florida last year.
George A. Zimmermann, a 78-year-old retired pastor now living in DeLand, Fla., has reportedly been receiving death threats since George Zimmerman, 29, fatally shot 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford on Feb. 26, 2012, WFTV.com reports. Most recently, on Saturday, one caller told them to dig a six-foot hole.
“Hey [expletive], you're the one who killed Trayvon Martin, when your [expletive] get[s] out, you're dead,” Zimmermann recalled. “Wherever you go, you're dead. Where ever you're trying to hide, you're dead … You think you're free. You're not.”
Zimmermann, who retired to Florida after leaving their post at Georgetown United Methodist Church in Paradise, Fla., could not be reached for comment on Thursday.
“A couple of friends of mine said, ‘hey, report it, in case anything were to happen at a later date, it's on the record,'” Zimmermann told WFTV.com.
Zimmermann doesn't engage the callers other than to say that they have the wrong guy, but they never receives an apology, they said.
“I guess if it made them feel better to vent, that's fine,” they said. “I can live with it.”
Zimmermann, who has reported the harassment to the Volusia County Sheriff's Office, said they just wants the calls — some of which have come from Tampa and Orlando — to stop.
“The night of the verdict, I had one at 1 in the morning which woke me up; was pretty nasty,” they continue. “Another at 3 in the morning.”
Click for more from WFTV.com.
In 2009, in the aftermath of the Great Recession, Cal Football enjoyed a buoyant season, by the standards of recent memory. The team posted an 8-5 record, including a victory in the Big Game over Stanford. When USC came to town, California Memorial Stadium overflowed, with more than 70,000 fans in attendance. Those were the days for scalpers.
If you were in attendance at the Cal Football game last Saturday against USC, you may have noticed a number of empty seats in Memorial Stadium. You might have even heard some students pointing toward the away section and muttering about the number of USC fans in attendance. Declining attendance at Cal football games has been a consistent feature of the past decade. In 2009, Cal was still in the top 30 most-attended Division I college football teams, with an average attendance of about 59,500. Last year, Cal Football was well outside the top 30, posting an average of 46,500 filled seats per game.
Football is becoming something of an endangered sport at Berkeley. I think my own reaction against the tradition-bound game reflects the broader challenges the sport faces in the Bay Area, where politics sometimes overshadow the game itself. The recent spread of silent protests during the national anthem reflects a Bay Area mindset that is willing to risk sport for something greater. It's no surprise, then, that Bay Area athletes Colin Kaepernick and Stephen Curry are at the center of a recent clash with Trump that's grabbing headlines.
I must first admit that I am a part of the problem when it comes to Cal football attendance. During my first-year student year, I went to a grand total of two homes games. Sophomore year, I skipped all of them. Junior year, I wasn't even in the country. And now that I'm a senior, and so close to the end of college, a nostalgia for my youth brings me to the games more than an interest in Cal Football itself.
In high school, I went to the football games regularly. Hell — for most of middle school and a short time first-year student year of high school, I was on the football team. So, what happened? I suspect football got caught in the web of my suburban upbringing, which I intended to clear away when I started college. By diapers, many of America's boys are placed in front of the television for Sunday's games. Most of us don't choose to watch football; it's simply what we're brought up in. Little surprise, then, that the sport became one of the first casualties of a desire to define my self apart from the circumstances of my youth. In short, the game had little appeal for a young person in the Bay Area looking to rebel a little against tradition.
The decline of football's popularity at Berkeley is, however, more than an aggregate of personal stories like mine. After all, we've established that as late as 2009, Cal was crazy for America's pastime. There is likely a combination of factors at work: a slumping football team, the recession, HD television, increasing evidence on the dangers of the game, reduced capacity at Memorial Stadium and, yes, Bay Area culture — or counterculture, more precisely.
Football hasn't faced a great reception nationally, either. The game has been caught between opposing political poles. From the NFL owners that collectively gave millions to Trump's inauguration fund, to the silent protests during the national anthem.
No area of the country was more likely to be at the center of this new trend than the Bay, where then-backup for the San Francisco 49ers, Colin Kaepernick, began taking a knee during the national anthem. “I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,” Kaepernick said last fall. Perhaps no place in America is more receptive to such a sentiment than the Bay Area, and Berkeley in particular. Echoes were heard across town in Oakland, when the Golden State Warriors all but refused an invitation to the White House.
Football, more than any other sport in recent decades, has stood for something as much political as athletic. Stuffed in each ball is a mixture of local pride, national tradition and a conservative hierarchy. The game has used cultural politics to drum up mass appeal for some time, from broadcasts on Thanksgiving Day to the Air Force flyover before the Super Bowl. In this light, it's unsurprising that the activist-minded Bay Area has few qualms challenging the politics around America's pastime.
Football no longer appears to be a main ingredient in our national glue. Back in 1920, Cal Football began a five-year period that resulted in four national championships to its name. This was only two years after the national anthem became a staple at major sporting events. A national sports culture, intertwined with patriotism, was growing up at a time when Cal Football was besting a nation's football teams. Since then, the game's position in our national culture today has shifted tremendously. The decline in Cal Football's attendance offers a partial glimpse of this close to home.
Ismael Farooqui writes the Friday blog on campus culture in a time of institutional crisis. Contact them at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter at @ishfarooqui.
WEST YORKSHIRE POLICE have released this video of a group stealing a motorcycle in Leeds city centre in less than 10 seconds. In response, the police have introduced a new 'touch ban' for the group of 5 men and 6 youths in an attempt to reduce the number of motorcycle thefts and related anti-social behaviour. The injunction bans them touching any motor vehicle in West Yorkshire without the owner's permission.
Such a ban was required as the gang became so prolific that they had a "constant stream of stolen motorbikes, scooters and quads for youths to ride around on, no matter how many the police seized."
"The group were identified as being linked to an organised gang behind an upsurge in the theft of motorbikes across Leeds that fuelled motorbike-related anti-social behaviour centred on the Seacroft area throughout 2017." The group were stealing motorcycles to either sell for parts, or using them in further crime before giving them to youths to partake in anti-social behaviour.
Police say there has been an issue with anti-social behaviour in the area for years, but it had dramatically increased this summer. Public reports have stated the bikes were being ridden at high speeds of 90mph, on pavements and even through children's play areas.
Besides one of the men who was banned for 5 years, the remaining 4 men received "injunctions, which are valid for one year, forbid them from associating with each other in public; touching any motor vehicle in West Yorkshire without the owner's permission; possessing or driving any vehicle in West Yorkshire unless they are the registered keeper or with their permission and with all relevant legal requirements including licence, insurance and MOT; driving any vehicle anti-socially; possessing bolt croppers or angle grinders or any controlled drugs; or disguising their faces with scarves, hoods or helmets other than when riding a vehicle legitimately."
Jordan Bodally
Jack O'Gorman
Adam Birkett
Macauley Nay
Joseph Thrush
Ryan Smith
FaZe Clan are in the process of transferring Philip "aizy" Aistrup from their Counter-Strike: Global Offensive roster, the organization announced on Twitter Tuesday. In the meantime, Joakim "jkaem" Myrbostad will stand-in for the squad.
The tweet offered no details as to aizy's destination or who their permanent replacement would be, describing the organization as "in the workings of a player transfer with [aizy]." Jkaem is a former member of FaZe who stepped down from the starting roster, allowing Fabien "kioShiMa" Fiey to return. They left the team officially on Dec. 20, announcing the news in a TwitLonger.
A previous report from FlickShot's Guillaume "Nel" Canelo said that aizy would join NORTH, replacing Ruben "RUBINO" Villarroel. They also named Belgian rifler Adil "ScreaM" Benrlitom as aizy's replacement on FaZe, and predicted RUBINO would join up with Jkaem's new project.
Josh "Gauntlet" Bury is a news editor for theScore esports. You can find them on Twitter.
Press secretary, legal spokesperson resign
White House in turmoil as special counsel expands Russia probe
By Barry Grey
22 July 2017
Amid reports that Special Counsel Robert Mueller is expanding their investigation into alleged Russian interference in the US elections and collusion by the Trump campaign, the intensifying conflict within the American ruling class and state is bringing long-simmering conflicts within the Trump administration to the boiling point.
The internal crisis erupted Friday with the resignation of White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer. This followed by one day the resignation of the chief spokesperson for President Donald Trump's outside legal team, Mark Corallo, and the demotion of the lead attorney, Marc Kasowitz.
These developments came after Trump's extraordinary interview with the New York Times, in which the president denounced their own attorney general, Jeff Sessions, for recusing themselves in the Russia probe, and criticized the deputy attorney general and acting head of the FBI. Trump went on to accuse Mueller of conflicts of interest and attack their decision to investigate their business dealings as well as those of family members and close associates as a “violation” of the special counsel's mandate.
Washington insiders suggested that Trump was seeking to create a justification for firing Mueller, prompting the Los Angeles Times to editorialize in favor of impeachment should that occur.
Spicer's resignation was triggered by Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci, a multimillionaire Wall Street hedge fund operator, former Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers banker and Fox News commentator, as White House communications director. Spicer, who had been filling that role since the resignation last May of Mike Dubke, vehemently opposed Scaramucci's appointment, according to multiple media reports. In this they were joined by White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and chief White House political adviser Stephen Bannon.
Aligned against them and pushing for Scaramucci's appointment were Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and their husband, Jared Kushner, generally regarded as Trump's top White House aide.
Priebus, the former chairperson of the Republican National Committee, had a long association with Spicer, who served as the RNC's spokesperson. They brought Spicer into the White House. While Priebus declared their support for Scaramucci following the announcement of their appointment, Priebus's own position is increasingly problematic and their departure is widely considered only a matter of time.
With the elevation by Trump of a fellow member of the Wall Street kleptocracy to head White House communications, the billionaire president is increasingly narrowing their circle to fellow oligarchs and close family and distancing themselves from the Republican Party establishment.
This appears to coincide with a decision to adopt a more aggressive posture toward Mueller. Mark Corralo, the legal spokesperson who resigned on Thursday, was known to have opposed public criticism of the special counsel.
Both the Washington Post and the New York Times escalated the factional warfare against the White House on Friday with front-page reports, citing anonymous administration sources, of efforts by Trump lawyers to document conflicts of interest within Mueller's team of prosecutors. The Post reported that Trump is making inquiries about their powers to pardon potential targets of the investigation, including himself.
These actions are in response to aggressive moves by Mueller to expand their probe. On Thursday, Bloomberg News reported that Mueller's team is looking into Trump business operations going back a number of years and has subpoenaed banks for Trump's financial records. Media reports say Trump is particularly agitated over the likelihood that Mueller will obtain their tax returns, which the president has refused to release to the public.
Parallel investigations by congressional committees are also expanding. On Monday, Kushner is scheduled to be interviewed in private by the Senate Intelligence Committee on the meeting held in June of 2016 involving him, Donald Trump Jr., then-Trump campaign chairperson Paul Manafort and a Russian lawyer with ties to the Kremlin as well as other prominent Russians. The Senate Judiciary Committee has summoned Trump Jr. and Manafort to testify in a public session next Wednesday to discuss the meeting, and the Republican chairperson, Charles Grassley, has said they will subpoena them if they balk at appearing.
It was also reported Friday that Mueller instructed the White House and the Trump campaign members who attended the June 2016 meeting to preserve all records relating to it.
It is increasingly unlikely that the factional battle within the ruling class will end in a peaceful compromise. There are powerful sections of the corporate-financial elite who would like to see Trump removed, but are not sure how to do it and fearful of the implications. At the same time, the longer the impasse drags on, the greater the dangers.
At some point, the political crisis will trigger an implosion of the massively inflated financial markets, plunging US and world capitalism into an even deeper crisis than that of September 2008. And the longer the political warfare in Washington continues, the greater the danger that it will provide an opening for the pent-up anger and frustration of the working class to explode into mass struggle.
This is a crisis of class rule without historical precedent. It unfolds against the backdrop, and is fueled by, intensifying economic, social and geopolitical crises. American and world capitalism remains mired in economic stagnation, intensifying the descent into trade war and, ultimately, military conflict among the major powers. Militarism and war are on rise in the Middle East, Africa and Asia, and the American military is operating without any civilian restraint. Class tensions are rising in parallel with relentless austerity and growing social inequality.
American global hegemony is breaking down. Large sections of the ruling elite are appalled and frightened by the growing isolation of the United States in the affairs of world imperialism, as demonstrated at the recent G20 summit in Germany.
And at the summit of the state, the White House is occupied by an outright gangster, the product and embodiment of the degraded and criminal state of American bourgeois political culture. In Trump, the ruling class confronts a nightmare of its own making—a Frankenstein's monster—a would-be Bonaparte who has brought into the White House the mafia methods they employ in their business operations.
Scaramucci summed up the outlook of the oligarchy both they and Trump represent when on Friday, at their first White House press briefing, they wished Spicer well and said, “I hope they go on to make a tremendous amount of money.”
Nor is there the slightest progressive or democratic content to the anti-Trump opposition of the Democratic Party and major media outlets, in alliance with the intelligence agencies. The Democrats are not conducting a struggle against Trump's brutal social attacks or their onslaught on immigrants and democratic rights. They are entirely focused on their hysterical campaign against Russia, attacking Trump for refusing to prioritize and intensify the warmongering drive against Moscow initiated by the Obama administration. They demand an escalation of the war for regime change in Syria and the military confrontation with nuclear-armed Russia in Eastern Europe.
At the same time, Trump's ruling-class opponents are concerned over the new administration's open and unabashed corruption, fearing that Trump is subordinating the basic geopolitical interests of American imperialism to their own business interests and those of their family.
It is imperative that the working class take advantage of the political crisis to intervene independently in defense of its own interests—for jobs, health care, education, immigrant and democratic rights, and peace—against both factions of the ruling elite. It must not allow its opposition to Trump to be channeled behind the Democratic Party.
There is a real danger that Trump will respond to the isolation of their administration by escalating the ongoing wars in the Middle East and Afghanistan or initiating new ones to channel political and social opposition against a foreign “enemy” and undercut their ruling-class opponents.
Without a revival of working-class struggle on the basis of a socialist program in opposition to the entire economic and political system, the outcome of the crisis, whoever is president, will be a further shift to dictatorial methods of rule and an expansion of militarism and war.
The conditions for such a struggle are rapidly maturing. The urgent task of the day is to consciously prepare that movement by building the Socialist Equality Party as the new political leadership of the working class.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
IT HAS been a year to remember for Andy Murray. In July the Scot won Wimbledon for the second time, marking their third major championship in total. The next month, they became the first tennis player in history to win two Olympic gold medals in the singles tournament, after defending their title from the London games of 2012 in Rio de Janeiro. And on November 7th they claimed the top spot in the official men's rankings as measured by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP)—the first time that they have done so, some seven years after they first clawed their way into second place. Mr Murray's rise followed their victory at last week's Paris Masters event. Novak Djokovic, who had been sitting atop the table since July 2014, endured their fourth consecutive tournament without a trophy, ensuring their demotion.
Mr Murray's newfound lofty perch represents long-overdue recognition for a player who was already building a stealthy legacy as an all-time great.  They are only the 26th man to hold the top slot since the system was introduced in 1973, and the first from Great Britain. In a sport played across six continents, on a variety of surfaces, with differing tournament sizes and formats, the ATP rankings are the one yardstick that players and fans have generally agreed upon to determine the best player in the game.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Other unofficial indicators support the claim that Mr Murray is at the top of their profession. Their record since mid-June has been formidable: they have lost just three matches and won seven titles. And betting markets regard them as the favourite to add to this collection at next week's season-ending World Tour Finals in London, even though they face more difficult preliminary-round competition than Mr Djokovic does.
But Mr Murray's journey to the apex of the rankings has also exposed some of the flaws in the official system. The ATP awards points exclusively on the basis of the importance of a tournament and the round each player reaches. Grand Slams count for twice as much as the next tier of events, the Masters series, and winning a competition is worth two-thirds more than losing in the final. This method suffers (at least) one major weakness: it fails to account for the strength of a player's opponents, which can vary widely over short time periods. And Mr Murray's hot streak has coincided with a stretch of very soft competition: they have not faced a single rival from the official top five since June, when they lost the final of the French Open to Mr Djokovic. In total, the Serb has won three of their four meetings this year.
Fortunately, there is an alternative rating system available, which does factor in quality of opposition. It's called Elo, in honour of its inventor, the Hungarian physicist Arpad Elo. Originally designed to measure the ability of chess players, it requires nothing more than a record of each competitor's wins and losses to calculate, and has become a standard method for assessing the strength of teams or players in various sports.
Elo works by exchanging points between opponents after a contest. If you beat a much stronger rival, you take a large number of their ranking points, causing them to move down the rankings as you climb them; if you win against a weaker player, you take only a small portion of their points. As an example, Mr Djokovic gained just 0.3 Elo points for beating the low-ranked Frenchman Adrian Mannarino in the second round at Wimbledon this year—but lost 16 points to Sam Querrey when the American 28th seed beat them in the third round. The number of points swapped depends both on contestants' Elo ratings before a match and on a parameter, derived from historical data, that measures how fast the model should adjust its estimate of a player's strength based on new information. In tennis, this figure is fairly low, suggesting that abrupt changes in a player's ability are rare (excluding the effect of injuries). As a result, it takes a large number of disappointing match results for Elo to conclude that a once-outstanding champion has become an underdog.
Elo ratings have proven to be better forecasters than the ATP's. During the past 15 years, it has correctly picked the winner in 68.2% of matches, compared with 66.4% for the official rankings. And when the two systems have disagreed on whom the favourite should be, Elo's picks have prevailed 55% of the time.
Compared with the ATP rankings, Elo is both far less impressed with Mr Murray's string of victories—he did not face a single player from inside the ATP's top ten during their run to the title last week in Paris—and far less concerned by Mr Djokovic's slump. Since their victory at the French Open, Mr Djokovic has triumphed in just one of six tournaments, a miserable run for a player of their ilk, and has suffered a number of upset losses. Meanwhile, Mr Murray has done their part to chip away at Mr Djokovic's lead. But a five-month barren patch for a player who has won 12 grand slams, coinciding with a hot streak for one who has collected three, has not convinced the Elo algorithm that the two have traded places. In that time, each man has lost to Juan Martín del Potro, a hard-hitting Argentine, and to Marin Cilic, a Croat with a booming serve. Mr Djokovic was also on the receiving end of an inspired performance by Swiss slugger Stanislas Wawrinka in the final of the US Open in September.
As a result, the current Elo ratings still consider Mr Djokovic to be the world's best player, and by a decent margin: they have them beating Mr Murray 63% of the time. That is a far cry from their advantage in March, when Mr Djokovic reached the highest score of anybody in the modern era, and would have been an 81% favourite against Mr Murray. But the magnitude of their edge even after such a decline simply confirms how stratospheric the heights that Mr Djokovic reached were when they were playing their absolute best. Despite the rough patch for Mr Djokovic, Elo still believes that the chasm between them and Mr Murray is larger than the gap between the Scot and the ageing Roger Federer, in third place. It pegs Mr Murray as a modest 60-40 favourite over the Swiss champion.
The imminent ATP World Tour Finals, which begin on November 13th, could help clarify the standings at the top. Mr Federer will miss the tournament due to injury. But with a round-robin format and a field of eight elite competitors, Mr Murray will play at least three matches against formidable opposition, giving them the chance to accumulate more high-quality victories. Mr Djokovic could simultaneously find themselves struggling against players they once thrashed. It will take more instances of both to prove that the old king is dead, and that a new one has dethroned him.
EcoVeggies
On the rooftop garden at St. Philip's Academy, a private school in Newark, students tend plots of everything from broccoli and beets to sweet corn and spaghetti squash.
But since August, they have also been helping to farm arugula, chervil, fun jen and komatsuna in a machine installed in a fourth-floor science classroom that grows crops without soil or sunshine.
Made by the Ithaca, N.Y., company AeroFarms, the aeroponic growing system is owned by EcoVeggies, a startup formed by three former Wall Street technology workers who aim to transform Newark's abandoned and vacant buildings into so-called vertical farms.
“The produce will be sold and used in the areas immediately surrounding Newark to start with, and then we expect to be able to service the immediate tri-state area,” Richard Charles, one of EcoVeggies' founders, wrote in an e-mail.
At St. Philip's Academy, leafy greens are planted in a cloth bed and irrigated with a nutrient-infused mist. Light is provided by LED lamps, which are more energy-efficient than conventional lighting and can be placed closer to the beds. The LED lamps also provide pest control, said AeroFarms' chief executive, Ed Harwood, because they can be set to emit certain wavelengths that disrupt insects' breeding.
AeroFarms is leasing the machine, which stands 7 feet tall by 10 feet long, to EcoVeggies for use in the pilot project at St. Philip's. It can produce about 20 pounds of produce per harvest, Mr. Charles said.
EcoVeggies and AeroFarms are part of the sustainable agriculture movement, sometimes called Agriculture 2.0, which seeks to combine technology and organic farming to grow crops in urban areas that often lack access to fresh food.
In another effort to turn Newark into an agricultural hot spot, Weber Thompson, a Seattle architecture firm, and Dickson Despommier, a professor of environmental health sciences at Columbia University, this year proposed building a large vertical farm in the city.
AeroFarms' modular farms are built in stackable containers designed to be housed in a variety of buildings. The company, which is backed by 21Ventures and the green-tech investor David Gelbaum's Quercus Trust, has built a second machine and has an order for a third, Mr. Harwood said.
“We have a substantial pipeline of prospects and expect to close on a commercial- size growing facility soon,” they wrote in an e-mail.
Mr. Charles said they expected to sell produce grown in AeroFarms machines to local schools, supermarkets, hospitals and restaurants.
Karen DePodwin, a spokesperson for St. Philip's Academy, said that school officials met the EcoVeggies partners at a conference at Rutgers Business School to address Newark residents' access to healthy food.
“Our students are excited to see the future of farming in their own science lab,” they said. “Some of the leafy greens grown using the system are being used in our teaching kitchen and healthy lunch program.”
Tokyo Ghoul is one of the more recent animes out there. First aired in 2014 it was very highly anticipated among the lovers of the genre. It is a scarier anime than most, and it does cover a dark theme, the story basically revolving around ghoul infested Tokyo, and one college student struggling to keep their life normal after they encounter one such ghoul.
What are ghouls, I hear you asking. Ghouls are creatures that need to devour human beings in order to stay alive. The huge appeal of this series is that it isn't really the typical good versus evil story. No, it's actually pretty morally grey, with the main character trying to stay human.
There is a thing that some people might not like about this anime, and it's this. The story doesn't follow the original manga very well. It's probably because they wanted to pack as much as they could into 12 episodes, but the result is that some of the details get lost in translation. But on the other hand the art is very decent, the voice casting is superb and it's all supported by a great soundtrack.
It might actually be a good anime for people just starting to enjoy the genre, since it stands very well on it's own, when you don't compare it to some of the other stuff, though the purists might not take to it that much. But as always there are a lot of fans out there who love it to bits, and if you are one of them, make sure to check out these Tokyo Ghoul t-shirts below.
Ghoulish Tokyo Ghoul t-shirts!
Vegans cannot live by (gluten-free) bread alone. Sweet treats are also essential to their well-being, and that's exactly the concept Zucchini Kill is counting on. Austin's only dedicated vegan and gluten-free bakeshop offers other allergy-friendly options – including soy-free, coconut-free, and maple-sweetened – so it's no surprise they sold out before end of business at least once even before their Sept. 16 grand opening. These vegan bakers have been satisfying dietary restriction-friendly sweet tooth cravings for a while, but based on customer feedback during the first few weeks as a proper brick-and-mortar, they're bringing their dessert game to a whole new level.
Cece Loessin, the brains behind the baked goods, concocted the idea of Zucchini Kill (an ode to feminist icon Kathleen Hanna's punk band Bikini Kill), and secured themselves space in a commercial kitchen back in 2016. They knew they couldn't do it alone. Fortuitously, Loessin was the guitarist in all-female punk band Bondage with drummer Jessica Freda, the former co-owner of Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery. When Loessin approached Freda about the venture, Freda gave an enthusiastic, "Heck yeah!"
Together they sold vegan, gluten-free Twinkies and cupcakes at markets, at food trucks like Arlo's, and restaurants like the Buzz Mill and Counter Culture (they plan to continue stocking the cherished lunchtime cupcakes), surprising visitors with new flavors and concoctions each day. They'd whip up everything in their celiac-friendly kitchen south of town, package it, and take it out to satisfy the masses. Soon, two brilliant bakers weren't enough to fulfill the demand, and Freda introduced Loessin to MT Gibbs, a vegan cupcake baker for Skull & Cakebones. Suddenly a relatively new company had a combined 20 years of vegan baking experience under its belt, and it seemed like the perfect time to take things up a notch.
When a storefront space opened on 53rd Street in Possum Park – a little vegan oasis populated with food trucks like Bistro Vonish, the Great Y'all, and veg-friendly Bananarchy – they pounced and got their spot. "It's always been our goal to have a retail shop," says Freda, who, admittedly, did not enjoy selling cupcakes at outdoor markets on sweltering Austin afternoons in the summer. "We couldn't say no to the opportunity. It was too perfect. So we hunkered down and made it work. It's been a crazy two months. We couldn't have asked for a better spot." The ambience is expectedly cool with band posters, cozy colors, string lights, and punk rock streaming from the radio. "It's a rad shop," adds Freda.
Local fashion merch and savory foodstuffs (like salad dressing from Bistro Vonish and kombucha) pepper the place, and customers might also find Rebel Swrrrls (Swiss cake rolls named by Hanna herself), Twinkies, or a new test cookie. But the cupcakes are the real stars. The flavor list is always fresh with treats like carrot zucchini cake, pistachio velvet cupcakes with Scream Cheeze buttercream, Black Forest cupcakes with homemade cherry jam, peanut butter habanero jelly cupcakes, pumpkin Motörbread, and a new favorite, golden mylk. "We're constantly coming up with new flavors," Freda says. "Every day you come into the bakery there's going to be new stuff."
Zucchini Kill
Although he's now revered as the enigmaticfrontman for multi-platinum prog-metal juggernauts Tool and A Perfect Circle, Maynard James Keenan has a long history here in West Michigan.
This month, their current project — the performance-art meets alt-rock outfit Puscifer — plays somewhat of a homecoming show at DeVos Performance Hall.
Born in Ohio, Keenan later spent their high school years in Scottville, a small town in West Michigan's Mason County. They later attended Kendall College of Art and Design in Grand Rapids, before relocating to Los Angeles, where they ultimately formed Tool in 1990.
Currently, Keenan lives in Jerome, Ariz., where he's owned Merkin Vineyards and Caduceus Cellars since 2004. They work completely hands-on at the winery, embracing everything from the challenges of the harsh Arizona climate to the daily labor of creating something literally from the ground up.
Meanwhile Keenan has also worked on Puscifer, cultivating the group from a fictional joke band on HBO's legendary sketch series Mr. Show into a clothing line, personal creative outlet and collaborative multimedia experience — complete with recurring characters, costume changes and scathingly dark music.
Here's what they had to say about Puscifer's decade-long development and the band's new Money Shot LP.
Having grown up in the Midwest, what was it about Arizona that you identified with so quickly?
The small town feel. I live in a population 500 town and I come from Scottville, population 2,000, so it just kind of resonated with me… There are a lot of similarities where I live now to Michigan. I mean, I get to enjoy the snow. You poor bastards have to endure the snow. But just in general there are a lot of fruit trees that are grown in that area too. I grew up picking fruit in the orchards of West Michigan so there's that connection, the farming connection.
How would you compare life in Arizona to life in West Michigan?
Puscifer
Money Shot Round 2 Tour
DeVos Performance Hall, 303 Monroe Ave. NW, Grand Rapids
March 26, 8 p.m.
$35.95, $49.95, $75.95
devosperformancehall.com, (616) 742-6500
I guess just what you see. It's wide-open space. It's a place of struggle. And I guess that's the bigger connection between Arizona and Michigan. To be able to get to school in Michigan you better be able to shovel snow. Not going isn't an option; there's an obligation like there is for teachers, so you had to go. And in Arizona it is definitely hostile territory in terms of you can't just wander off into the desert. You better be prepared and willing to do the work to survive.
How would you say the performance side of Puscifer has evolved since you started the project?
There's definitely a campy side to what we're doing. We want to entertain and we want to entertain impressively, but we also want to tickle your funny bone a little bit. All those elements have to work together. If we're doing something and it's funny, but the music's suffering because we're doing these other things, we try to make the adjustment. The songs have to be solid and the bits have to be entertaining.
With a song like “The Remedy” [off Money Shot] you explore and almost embrace the idea of an extinction-level event. As a species, do you feel that's something we're almost craving now that technology has met so many of our basic human needs?
I don't know. It just sucks when there are solutions for kids to learn pretty basic things to survive in a world without the Internet, but there's such a negative connotation to things like the Catholic Church or the Boy Scouts and the Cub Scouts. I mean those things actually used to be good — things like learning how to tie knots and actually survive in the forest and raise chickens. You're just kind of learning in a social environment because your mom is dropping you off at Cub Scouts or Boy Scouts to get you out of their hair. But you're actually learning something while you're there rather than just playing a video game. All it takes is one large massive electromagnetic pulse and there's no Internet, no video games. What are you going to do now, other than start eating each other? Then we get to have all kinds of fun taking headshots at zombies.
With how Puscifer operates at this point, how much does it allow you to pursue your other projects and endeavors?
The beauty is that my partners in Puscifer, [co-producer/guitarist] Mat [Mitchell], [vocalist] Carina [Round] and [drummer] Jeff [Friedl], are very flexible. They understand there's a winery element. I will be checking out mid-July and I won't really be coming up for air until mid-October. They work around it. They understand that you can't really force creativity — or that's what they say. I disagree. You can really come up with some stuff if you just gut it out, have some revelations, really put your feet to the fire and have a deadline.
It isn't every day that a team from the Mountain West plays their way to the Granddaddy of Them All, but that's exactly what happened in 2010. The TCU Horned Frogs came into that season with high expectations, having started sixth in the preseason AP poll, and did not disappoint. Only an Iron Bowl for the ages came between Gary Patterson's best Frogs ever and a shot at the national title.
So why in the world did they only finish fourth in our overall vote?
Perhaps that's a question worth discussing in the comments, but it remains that the result gives them what could be the toughest matchup among the top four seeds. The Rams' first entry in this tournament should not be overlooked. Both teams can claim to have had NFL-caliber quarterbacks, playmakers at the skill positions and anchors along the offensive line.
Tale of the tape
Overall record: 2010 TCU - 13-0 (8-0 MWC); 2014 Colorado State - 10-3 (6-2)
Best wins: 2010 TCU - vs Wisconsin, 21-19 (Rose Bowl); 2014 Colorado State - vs. Utah State, 16-13
Worst loss: 2010 TCU - none; 2014 Colorado State - vs. Utah, 45-10 (Las Vegas Bowl)
Seasons summarized in a sentence: The 2010 Frogs rode one of the most dominant defenses of the 21st century to Pasadena and triumphed over a very talented Wisconsin squad. The 2014 Rams, meanwhile, leaned on their powerful offense to win 10 games for the first time in over a decade.
Fun fact: The 2014 Rams gave up just thirteen points in a win against Utah State, their lowest total of the season. Opponents of the 2010 Horned Frogs averaged 12 points per contest.
Memorable players
TCU: Andy Dalton has an argument as the best Mountain West quarterback ever, and they were never better than they were in 2010 when they threw for 2,857 yards and 27 touchdowns. The defense, however, was the heart of the team as usual, with Defensive Player of the Year Tank Carder leading the attack alongside defensive lineman Wayne Daniels, linebacker Tanner Brock and defensive back Tejay Johnson. And Jeremy Kerley earned their third all-conference selection in 2010 as a return specialist, the only MWC player to do so that year.
Colorado State: Garrett Grayson, like Dalton, was the conference's Offensive Player of the Year after powering the Rams with 3,779 yards passing and 32 scores. It helped, however, that they had Rashard Higgins to throw to, as the dynamic sophomore receiver led the MWC in receptions, yards and touchdowns, averaging over 18 yards per catch for good measure. Dee Hart transferred from Alabama and made themselves right at home in Fort Collins, powering for nearly 1,300 yards and 16 touchdowns.
WASHINGTON, D.C. — The Navy is starting tests next week for a fix to a critical safety issue found on the F-35C Lighting II Joint Strike Fighter, the head of F-35 Joint Program Office told reporters on Thursday.
During testing in 2016 on USS George Washington (CVN-73), F-35C pilots complained when the aircraft was catapulted from the carrier, the aircraft excessively bobbed up and down on its nose gear on its trip down the carrier's deck making it impossible to read instruments, difficult to reach emergency controls and causing a certain amount of pain in pilots.
“Fleet pilots reported that the oscillations were so severe that they could not read flight critical data, an unacceptable and unsafe situation during a critical phase of flight. Most of the pilots locked their harness during the catapult shot which made emergency switches hard to reach, again creating, in their opinion, an unacceptable and unsafe situation,” read a December from the Pentagon's director, Operational Test & Evaluation report.
“The U.S. Navy has informed the Program Office that it considers this deficiency to be a ‘must fix' deficiency.”
According to a late December report on the issues — first obtained by Inside the Navy — ” multiple factors are contributing to the problem, including the pilot's seat restraint and hand-hold (grab bar) locations, the mass and center-of-gravity of the F-35 helmet and display unit, the physical characteristics of the nose landing gear strut (load vs. stroke, damping), and the length and release load of the repeatable-release hold-back bar.”
In an evaluation of the pilot discomfort following 105 test launches on George Washington (CVN-73), 74 resulted in moderate pain, 18 caused severe pain, reported Inside the Navy.
On Thursday, F-35 JPO head Air Force Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan told reporters testing to fix the problem would begin at Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, N.J. at the Navy's land-based test catapults.
“The first fix that we're looking at… is when you first hook up the airplane to the catapult there's a pullback mechanism and we pull back really hard and that compresses the strut a lot and when you launch you get the oscillations,” Bogdan said.
“What they're trying to figure out is can they reduce some of that tension on the pullback, still get the effective energy they need to get the plane of the deck but without compressing the strut so much on the pullback. They're doing multiple tests out there to figure out the range of pullback capability. We should know by the March timeframe if that's going to help.”
A Navy official told USNI News the testing was set to start on Feb. 21.
Rear Adm. Mat Winter, deputy program executive officer for the F-35 said if the pullback fix worked, it would be easily translated to the ship.
“The important point is the Lakehurst testing is 100 percent representative, so we'll know the technical fix and take it to the ship,” they said.
The up and down oscillations issue is similar to one pilots suffered in early testing of the F/A-18 Hornet that was fixed, a Navy official told USNI News on Thursday. The service was able to adjust the pullback force during launch of the aircraft that corrected the issue with the Hornets.
However, if the early attempts at a fix don't work, it may require the Navy more extensive fixes to the nose gear and the helmet display, according to the December paper.
The last ditch effort would be to redesign the entire nose gear for the F-35C which could take years and further delay the program.
“A redesign could incorporate all the benefits of the advanced modeling efforts, but is expected to require a multiyear effort to re-qualify a major redesign,” according to the December paper.
The 3D Touch display on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is able to detect pressure applied to the screen in order to serve the 3D Touch pop and peek functions, but with the help of a little third party web app you can transform the iPhone and 3D Touch display into a fairly precise scale.
Turning the 3D Touch equipped iPhone into a scale measurable down to hundredths of a gram is simple and you don't even need to download anything:
Go to the scale webpage from the iPhone with 3D Touch display Lay the iPhone down on a flat and steady surface, then place a metal spoon or something similar* onto the screen – the items rough weight should appear on screen but you'll be using this to hold other items to weigh, thus hit the “Tare” button to zero out the scale to “0” with the spoon on the screen Now place your item(s) to weigh in the spoons cup to see that items weight
In this example, a USB thumb drive is being weighed:
You'll find the results are quite accurate as long as you're delicate, and the weight measurement is offered down to hundredths of a gram all the way up to 385 grams, the maximum amount of weight it can detect.
In this example, a piece of black anthracite is being weighed:
* For best results, find a spoon that is somewhat flat on the bottom so that it doesn't roll around or move much. Also, be as delicate as possible when placing items into the spoon to weigh, if the spoon moves at all or rolls around, you'll quickly discover the weight of the spoon becomes included in the weight of the item and the measurement is way off. You need to use a metal item so that it is conductive, things like plastic, wood, cloth, and paper won't register on the touch screen.
If you have adjusted your 3D Touch screen sensitivity settings you may find the screen is a little more or less sensitive to this app, so consider changing it to the middle setting if it's all over the place.
This is a fun proof of concept but it can be a little finicky, so you probably shouldn't plan on using this for anything serious, whether in the kitchen as it could likely botch a recipe (it said 2 grams of jalapeno powder, I swear!), and especially so if you're trying to be a Walter White or Pablo Escobar.
Anyway, since there are no downloads required and it's as easy as loading a web page onto the iPhone, it's fun to play around with.
German utilities are negotiating with the government to unburden themselves from having to dismantle the country's nuclear power plants, according to a report in news magazine Der Spiegel.
The four major energy companies, E.ON, RWE, EnBW and Sweden's Vattenfall, are looking to hand over ownership and control of their nuclear power plants to a public foundation effectively a "bad bank" for energy.
But the German government said there had been no talks with those companies nor had anything been decided on the issue. The Environment Ministry stressed that the energy companies that operate the nuclear power stations also had the "full responsibility" for decommissioning.
The proposed foundation would be responsible for decommissioning the plants over the next eight years and disposing of any nuclear waste. The power companies have made some 30 billion euros ($41.3 billion) available for the work.
“It would create a situation where utilities could outsource the risks to the government,” news agency Reuters quoted an unnamed source familiar with the negotiations as saying.
The plan was first reported yesterday by Der Spiegel. The German government has yet to confirm the talks.
After the Fukushima nuclear disaster in Japan three years ago, the German government decided to get the country out of nuclear power by 2022.
cjc/ng (Reuters, dpa)
Challenging perspectives? Three naked boys with their genitals exposed
(Note: The original image on display is uncensored)
Anthropological Voyeurism
Challenging perspectives? An unclothed, unidentified boy lying on the floor with flies on their face
Ligali is not responsible for the content of third party sites
Speak Out!
Is it ever right to take photos of naked children with their genitals exposed and publish them in a public space?
Click here to speak out or read (8) comments about this article
Controlled bomb explosion in Stone Lodge Park, Ipswich
Stone Lodge park, Ipswich - the bomb disposal team were called out this afternoon Archant
A live mortar was blown up in a controlled explosion in a park in Ipswich today.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Stone Lodge Park in Ipswich closed hours after a live mortar was detonated by a police bomb disposal unit. Stone Lodge Park in Ipswich closed hours after a live mortar was detonated by a police bomb disposal unit.
A man found the device in the River Gipping near Bramford and took it home to their property in the Chantry area.
The police bomb disposal unit was called to their house shortly after midday today and the device, which had been kept in a shed, was taken to the nearby Stone Lodge Park.
The controlled explosion took place at 3pm, leaving a hole 6ft deep and 6ft wide.
The park was closed during the incident and remains closed, a Suffolk Constabulary spokesperson said.
Stone Lodge Park in Ipswich closed hours after a live mortar was detonated by a police bomb disposal unit. Stone Lodge Park in Ipswich closed hours after a live mortar was detonated by a police bomb disposal unit.
Surrounding roads remained open, police said.
New Paper: Unintended Consequences Of Climate Policies Unethical
London, 19 January: A new paper by Andrew Montford and published today by the Global Warming Policy Foundation examines the unintended consequences of climate change policy around the world.
We are constantly told about the risks of what climate change might bring in the distant future. In response, governments have adopted a series of policy measures that have been largely ineffective but have brought with them a bewildering array of unintended consequences.
From the destruction of the landscape wrought by windfarms, to the graft and corruption that has been introduced by the carbon markets, to the disastrous promotion of biofuels, carbon mitigation policies have brought chaos in their wake.
The new paper surveys some of the key policy measures, reviewing the unintended consequences for both the UK and the rest of the world. Mr Montford is a prominent writer on climate change and energy policy and has appeared many times in the media.
“The most shameful aspect of the developed world's rush to implement climate change mitigation policies is that they have often been justified by reference to ethics. Yet the results have been the very opposite of ethical.” said Mr Montford.
“Andrew Montford has reviewed the sad truth about various schemes to ‘save the planet' from the demonized but life-giving gas CO2: from bird-killing windmills, native peoples expelled from their ancestral lands, to fraud in the trading of carbon credits. Every thinking citizen of the planet should read this,” said William Happer, Professor of Physics at Princeton University.
Full paper
If you don't love Mila Kunis already, you're about to be smitten. While doing a press tour to promote their upcoming film Oz the Great and Powerful, they were interviewed by a young, nervous BBC correspondent in what becomes a hilariously refreshing back-and-forth exchange.
After trying to calm reporter Chris Stark's nerves — it was their first time interviewing a big-name celebrity — Kunis talks to them about chugging beer, "dropping trou" and eating chicken. They later asks them to a friend's wedding.
SEE ALSO: Six-Year-Old Girl Demolishes Them Older Breakdancing Competition
Kunis seems genuinely happy to be talking about something other than themselves (press tours can wear you out), and Stark's rambling is strangely adorable. Check out the video above, and you'll be just as taken with the actor as they are.
Homepage image via Ian Gavan/Getty Images
A day after the horrific murder and gangrape incident at the Jewar-Bulandshahr road off the Yamuna Expressway, a top minister in the Yogi Adityanath government said today that ensuring zero crime in a state as big as Uttar Pradesh is an improbable task.
"Itna bada pradesh hai, humne kabhi zero crime ki baat nahi ki thi. Lekin koi bhi apraadhi ho, use saza milegi. (Ours is a huge state, we never claimed that we will ensure zero crime. But I assure you criminals won't go scott free," minister Suresh Khanna said.
The minister made the statement hours after four women were allegedly gang-raped and a man was shot dead by a group of armed criminals on the Jewar-Bulandshahr highway.
Khanna's statement is likely to trigger a row as the Opposition is already criticising the Yogi Adityanath government over its failure to control communal clashes in Saharanpur. The incident, which is a horrific reminder of last year's Bulandshahr gangrape, took place near Sabota village in Jewar around 1.40 am when the eight people were going to visit a relative undergoing treatment at a hospital in Bulandshahr in western Uttar Pradesh.
SSP, Gautam Budh Nagar, Love Kumar said a gang of five robbers targeted the vehicle after the driver stopped it near a roadside hut to fix a flat tyre.
The occupants were attacked and, along with an old man who was in the hut, taken to a nearby field. The women were misbehaved with and a man was shot dead when they resisted, they said.
The Yogi Adityanath government is facing flak over the deteriorating law and order situation in the state.
(With PTI inputs)
WATCH: Man shot dead, four women gangraped by robbers on Jewar-Bulandshahr highwa ALSO READ:
UP: Man killed, women gangraped as gang attacks family on Bulandshahr-Jewar highway
Jewar-Bulandshahr case: Discrepancies spotted, police suspect personal enmity or property dispute
The Steam Database is a platform that takes all of the different files uploaded to the steam servers and allows you to see each individual file.
Earlier today, the SteamDB listed several pieces of DLC for Naruto Storm 4 that match what we already know to be coming in each pack of DLC (Two scenario packs and one character pack).
If this leak is to be believed, the team special that you'd get for buying the Season Pass would be an Akatsuki Team Ougi between certain Akatsuki Members. Then there would be a Shikamaru story based DLC pack, and a Gaara story based DLC pack, all ending with the big Sound 4 playable character pack!
The SteamDB is RARELY wrong, but we'll list this one as a rumor for now until we get any more concrete evidence.
Credit: PokemonBlazeX
This post was migrated from Justin's personal blog, 'Codethinked.com.' Views, opinions, and colorful expressions should be taken in context, and do not necessarily represent those of Simple Thread (and were written under the influence of dangerous levels of caffeination).
If you follow Jeff Atwood's blog, then you probably already have seen their post about how their awesome Christmas turned into a tragedy all because Lenovo has decided that they want to screw them over with insanely priced hard drives and hard drive trays that they won't sell to their customers. I mean honestly, this is exactly the kind of horrible business practices that company's get skewered over. What made me laugh though was that only a few short hours after they put up the post, I searched for “Lenovo server drive tray” on Google and got this back:
It seems that these days when you decide to screw over a customer like that, you might want to google them beforehand. You never know who might be buying your products and what kind of audience they might have. Oh, and Merry Christmas!
I don't know about you guys, but I am a soda addict. To me, nothing goes better with a meal then a nice cold Fresca, an ice-filled Cherry Pepsi, even a Mountain Dew every now and then when I need an ungodly amount of caffeine. I know I can't be the only one out there. Anyways, here are some facts about sodas that I bet you didn't know.
Without the added food coloring, Coca-Cola would be green. For the Jewish holiday Passover, observers can't eat leavened bread and many types of carbohydrates, including corn. Coca-Cola contains high fructose corn syrup, but every year they produce a kosher version of Coca-Cola, so Jewish people can drink it at all times of the year. A study conducted at Northern Kentucky University showed that when making cocktails or other mixed alcoholic drinks, diet soda gets you 10% drunker. Soft drinks make up the number one source of calorie intake in America. The average American drinks just less than two sodas a day, and over 45 gallons a year. Coke is so popular, that even its less popular counterpart, Diet Coke, sells more than Pepsi. Soda can be used to get rusty stains off of car bumpers. In 1995, Mountain Dew became the official sponsor of the first-ever X Games. Originally, Mountain Dew was made with whiskey, though this was obviously eventually changed. Pepsi once ran an advertisement with the slogan, “Come alive with Pepsi!” However, in China, that translated to “Pepsi brings your ancestors back from the grave.” The original glass Fresca bottles used to contain a groove right under the label to catch condensation from dripping down to your hand. The name Fanta came from the German word “fantasie,” which means imagination.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved The 200 block of Garfield Avenue SW in Grand Rapids where a postal worker was attacked by two dogs on Friday, April 28, 2017.
Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved The 200 block of Garfield Avenue SW in Grand Rapids where a postal worker was attacked by two dogs on Friday, April 28, 2017.
Barton Deiters -
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) -- The cliché about the battle between dogs and postal workers became a frightening reality for a woman Friday who was hospitalized after an attack by two pit bulls. And as more people rely on online shopping delivered by parcel post, the frequency of attacks is on the rise.
Dog attacks on postal workers in the U.S. rose last year to 6,755, up 206 from the previous year and the highest in three decades, according to a report issued this month by the United States Postal Service.
In Michigan, there was a 12 percent increase in attacks on mail carriers, according to USPS statistics.
And Friday, a woman working for the Grand Rapids Post Office became a terrifying part of that story.
The attack came around 9:41 a.m. as the mail carrier made their rounds in the 200 block of Garfield Avenue SW, according to Grand Rapids police.
The two dogs escaped a fenced-in yard and mauled them before the owner secured the dogs, police say.
Blood could be seen on the side of a vehicle where they were attacked, according to a coworker who talked to 24 Hour news 8, but wanted to remain anonymous.
"I know their hand's bitten up really bad, their arm's bitten up pretty good, maybe them chin."
The dogs were confiscated by Kent County Animal Control.
"They've been identified as American Staffordshire Terriers," said Steve Kelso, spokesperson Kent County Health Department.
The woman was out of surgery Friday night with a broken arm, multiple stitches and may need surgery on their face, police said.
The dogs are in the custody of the county as they investigate. The owners are described as cooperative, but could face prosecution.
"Yes, there's any variety of fines and fees and court time. It's an actual criminal matter. Our animal control officers are law enforcement officials," Kelso said.
It's a problem that has postal carriers living in fear and USPS is working to address.
"We go up to those houses and I'm afraid my life is going to change sometimes," said the postal worker. "It's a pretty common thing, it happens quite a bit."
They said the attacks are terrifying.
"I'm a big boy, I'm 6-foot-5, 245 pounds and I can't defend myself, maybe against one, but if there's two, it's really scary," they said. "I've been attacked at least seven, eight times."
The post office has an app called Trip Hazards on handheld devices to help warn carriers of mean dogs.
In extreme cases, residents are told to pick up mail at a post office unless the dog is controlled.
The postal worker thinks there needs to be stiffer laws and registration for dogs used for protection.
"People's lives change every day because of these mean dogs."
Around 4.5 million Americans are bitten by dogs every year by an estimated nearly 80 million dogs living in U.S. homes -- about half of those bitten are children.
Here are safety tips from the USPS:
Google shares finished the day at $558.99 and jumped more than 5 percent after-hours. (Click here for the latest after-hours quote.)
"Christmas came early for Google shareholders," said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners. "It was a great beat on the bottom line. It's not necessarily because they are controlling expenses. It's because they are driving more revenue," they said.
The technology company reported earnings excluding items of $9.72 a share, up from from $7.64 per share a year ago.
Net income rose to $2.73 billion from $2.17 billion.
Net revenue, which excludes fees that Google shares with partner websites, increased 37 percent to $7.51 billion from $5.48 billion last year.
Analysts had expected Google to post earnings of $8.74 per share on net revenue of $7.22 billion.
"A lot of people were expecting spending to be out of control, but they had good control," said Herman Leung, an analyst with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Google said they're getting a good response to their Google Plus social-networking site, which just passed the 40-million user mark.
Veronica Barahona, 37, was arrested for at least the second time in a month on June 19. Veronica Barahona, 37, was arrested for at least the second time in a month on June 19. Photo: San Francisco Police Department / S.F. Police Department Photo: San Francisco Police Department / S.F. Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Woman who crashed SF ambulance arrested again on burglary charge 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 37-year-old woman who went to jail after allegedly stealing a San Francisco ambulance this month was arrested again Sunday night — this time on suspicion of burglary in the Bayview neighborhood.
Veronica Barahona forced themselves through the sliding glass door of a home on the 1700 block of McKinnon Avenue around 10:20 p.m. Sunday, police said. They made their way into a bedroom, where the homeowner was awakened and started screaming.
Barahona fled out of the home but was arrested after the homeowner called authorities to tell them they were hiding in the backyard, police said. They were booked on a first-degree burglary charge.
Sunday's incident comes less than two weeks after Barahona led police on a chase in a stolen ambulance that went through the city, onto the Bay Bridge, and ended when they crashed on Yerba Buena Island.
On June 7, they jumped into the San Francisco Fire Department's emergency rig around 8 a.m. at 55 Mason St. and sped through city streets, said Officer Grace Gatpandan, a San Francisco police spokesperson.
The ambulance had been left running while paramedics responded to a medical call at the Ambassador Hotel, and when they returned with the patient, the rig was gone.
Police used a tracking system on the vehicle to pinpoint the driver as they careened through city streets and slammed into several vehicles. Barahona led police on a chase over the bottom deck of the Bay Bridge, police said, where they took a hard left turn on the Treasure Island Road off-ramp.
But a sharp curve in the road proved too challenging to negotiate, and they slammed into a concrete barrier, firefighters said.
The ambulance became stuck and burst into flames as Barahona got out and ran, police said. They were taken into custody.
It was not immediately clear when Barahona was released from jail before the Sunday burglary.
They were booked into county jail on the recent charges early Monday and was being held on $150,000 bail.
San Francisco Chronicle staff writer Evan Sernoffsky contributed to this report.
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: JennaJourno
High times for American marijuana smokers as police allow thousands of '4/20' pot protesters to light up across the country
Marijuana smokers across the America lit up in public parks, outside statehouses and in the posh confines of a Hummer parked outside a pot gardening superstore to observe the movement's annual 'high holiday' yesterday.
Those who weren't within whiffing distance of a college campus or a reggae concert may not have realised that Tuesday was '4/20', the celebration-cum-mass civil disobedience derived from '420' - insider shorthand for cannabis consumption.
Smoke gets in your eyes: An estimated 12,000 to 15,000 people all exhale marijuana smoke as the clock hit 4.20pm during the 4/20 event on Norlin Quad at the University of Colorado in Boulder
Oversized: A giant marijuana joint is lit at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco. Marijuana legalisation advocates lit up across the country during the annual observance of 4/20
Advocates from New Hampshire to California trumpeted marijuana's rising commercial and political acceptance while producing collective clouds of pungent smoke - often under the watchful eyes of law enforcement officers who for the most part let the parties proceed.
A daylong rally in Denver's Civil Centre Park drew thousands of people, as did the public smoking event that persisted at the University of Colorado in Boulder despite discouragement from college administrators.
Colorado politicians coincidentally marked the day by backing new regulations for dispensaries selling medical marijuana.
In New Hampshire, about 100 people rallied in the state capital of Concord on the eve of a Senate vote to decriminalise small amounts of pot.
Shocking: A young boy smokes a hash pipe while attending the annual 420th smoke-in at the Art Gallery in Vancouver, British Columbia
'Mary Jane': Marijuana smoke rises from a crowd in front of the state capitol building in Denver. Colorado is one of 14 states to allow use of medical marijuana - which is known as 'Mary Jane' to users
Some lit up joints as state troopers watched from inside the Statehouse.
Governor John Lynch said they will veto the bill if it reaches him.
In Juneau, Alaska, about 20 young people, two dogs and a mother pushing a stroller marched in driving rain, whooping and chanting, 'Yes we cannabis!' - a play on Barack Obama's campaign slogan. Their route took them past the state Capitol and City Hall.
In California, where voters in November will consider whether to tax the sale of marijuana for recreational use, a three-month-old cultivation equipment emporium in Oakland got a 24-hour jump start, sponsoring a '420 Eve' festival on Monday.
Hey, bud: A man smokes a marijuana blunt - the drug wrapped up inside a cigar casing - at Golden Gate Park in San Francisco yesterday afternoon
Save yourself: A street preacher has marijuana smoke puffed in their face as they confront marijuana smokers at Golden Gate Park
Hits from the bong: A woman wears a marijuana joint costume in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park. Right, pot for sale at the Art Gallery in Vancouver, British Columbia
Several hundred revelers lined up outside the 15,000sq ft iGrow 'hydroponics superstore'. Security guards kept them at bay until 4.20pm, when they could enter a medical marijuana delivery service raffle to win an giant joint and a tour of a 53ft long portable grow room with a starting price of $60,000.
'I wouldn't have thought we would be able to consume on site,' marveled John Corral, 19, of San Jose, after they obtained a wristband that gave them access to the event's two 'vapour lounges,' the one inside the Hummer and another inside a companion Range Rover limousine.
Two years ago, before they had a doctor's recommendation to smoke pot, Corral commemorated 4/20 on Hippie Hill, the Golden Gate Park promontory where an earlier generation of pot aficionados made their stand.
Marijuana use - medically and recreationally - is getting more attention these days, with voters in California and possibly three other states set to decide whether to legalize adult use of the drug.
Not all peace and love: A man gets kicked in the head as protesters fight during a celebration of marijuana in Yonge and Dundas Square in Toronto
Going downtown: Police arrest the man during a rally for the legalization of marijuana after a gun was seized in an altercation in Toronto
South Dakota voters will consider in the fall whether to join California and the 13 other states that allow medical cannabis use.
Most Americans still oppose legalising marijuana, but larger majorities believe pot has medical benefits and the government should allow its use for that purpose, according to an Associated Press-CNBC poll released yesterday.
Allen St. Pierre, executive director of the National Organisation for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, said the drug's steady movement from counterculture indulgence to mainstream acceptance was evident on Tuesday, when four cable television channels dedicated 'a good chunk of programming to 420'.
St. Pierre said that with the terms 'marijuana' or 'cannabis' regularly showing up on the top Internet searches, it's clear that groups like his, which has lobbied to decriminalize marijuana since 1970, are no longer blowing smoke.
Toke that: A woman passes a arge joint at a pro-marijuana '4/20' celebration in front of the state capitol building in Denver
Pain relief: Tracey Wood lights a pipe filled with medical marijuana for their boyfriend Micah Moffet in Denver
'There is a large mainstreaming of all of this,' they said. 'Some of it is happening because commercial entities looking to comport with local social mores and values are taking advantage of this bizarre numerology.'
There are a variety of stories about the origin of 420, but pot advocates generally attribute the term to the time when a group of San Francisco Bay area high schoolers would gather to smoke marijuana during the early 1970s.
The term was then popularised by High Times magazine and the Grateful Dead.
At the iGrow event, Tom Patton of GrowOp Technology, proudly discussed the inspiration for the 'Big Bud' growing trailer they developed with Derek Peterson, a former stock broker.
A pot protester, Rich Hall, takes a puff of a marijuana joint in front of the Statehouse in Concord, New Hampshire
A haze of marijuana settles on the crowd at the University of Colorado in Boulder, Colorado
Patton said they kept hearing about pot growers who 'were constantly putting up and taking down' grow rooms built inside warehouses or residential homes because of complaints from neighbours, fires sparked by faulty wiring or threats of law enforcement raids.
Their pot room on wheels, which comes outfitted with a security system and technology to adjust temperature and humidity levels from an iPhone, may not completely eliminate the last concern, but that hasn't stopped a pair of New York bankers from investing in the invention.
'This is an enabling technology, not a hiding-out technology,' Patton said.
The lure of revenue and respectability has prompted some veterans of the marijuana wars to diversify.
Joshua Freeman, a Sonoma County pot grower, was at the 420 Eve festival handing out samples of the specialty plant food they recently developed and is trying to market.
'We are not just a bunch of stoners sitting back on a couch playing video games,' Freeman said.
A marijuana user smokes during a 420 Day celebration on "Hippie Hill" in Golden Gate Park, San Francisco. April 20th has become a de facto holiday for marijuana advocates, with large gatherings and 'smoke outs' in many parts of the United States
Voters in California will consider a measure on the November general election ballot that could make the State the first in the nation to legalise the growing of a limited amount of marijuana for private use
1. New Worlds
The Age of Discovery 500 years ago revealed a broad range of cultures, from the vast empires of the Aztecs and the Incas to roving bands of hunter-gatherers. This provided irrefutable evidence that cultures, like biological species, have evolved independently and on a global scale. 2. The Hearth
Examines how enculturation and economic cooperation have shaped the homes and families of people, past and present. Remains of houses at archaeological sites and footage of family life in traditional cultures provide a glimpse into what family life must have been like. 3. Artisans and Traders
Explores the link between economic and cultural evolution. Hunter-gatherers and early agriculturalists had simple divisions of labor, but today people make a living in many ways. The proliferation of occupations and the extreme economic interdependence of today are the result of increasing job specialization, causing society to continually undergo restructuring. 4. Signs and Symbols
Unearthing and interpreting the signs and symbols that define us as a species can be challenging yet revealing. From deciphering ancient scripts to understanding status symbols, archaeologists use ancient and modern examples to reconstruct the meaning of the symbols they find. 5. Power, Prestige, and Wealth
Postulates how and why powerful groups or individuals have managed to control vast holdings from ancient times to the present day. The different methods archaeologists use to study how rulers gain and keep power are examined. 6. Realms
Reconstructing actual borders of ancient kingdoms is often impossible, but archaeologists can reveal much of the internal workings of societies and their external relations by looking at marriage alliances, trade, and warfare. 7. The Spirit World
Archaeologists look at ritual behavior and sacred spaces and objects in archaeological and ethnographic settings to attribute religious meanings. Examples from present-day, traditional societies show the complexity of spiritual life and the limits and possibilities of archaeological reconstruction. 8. Collapse
The decline and fall of civilizations captures our interest. Could we be next, going the way of the Sumerians, the Romans, the Maya? The collapse of Copan, brought on by overpopulation and overexploitation of resources, is explored along with other ancient cultures that have faced the problems we confront today.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As a Premier League footballer, Moses Odubajo's life is full of the trappings of success.
But a family tragedy meant they had to overcome harrowing hardship to get where they are – so the 23-year-old takes none of it for granted.
They lost mum Esther to malaria when they were just 13, leaving them and 15-year-old brother Tom to fend for themselves in an inner city London council flat.
Because they died in Uganda, they fell under the radar of social services and, determined not to be separated, survived on less than £400 a month.
They often had to choose between heating and food, and lived on tins of sardines, corned beef and sweetcorn – often scrounging £2 school lunches or eating at friends' homes.
Hull City player Moses said: “They were tough times but we never felt sorry for ourselves, that's not the way mum raised us. They just got on with life, so we did too.
"Mum brought us up to be independent and there was no way we wanted to be separated in children's or foster homes.
"We wanted to stay together so we managed to hide what was going on from everyone, including teachers.”
(Image: Sunday People)
Former nurse Esther ran a sexual health advice centre for youngsters in Peckham and in 2005 got the chance to help people in Ghana.
Having grown up in Nigeria, where a quarter of the world's malaria cases are recorded, they mistakenly thought they were immune and did not get vaccinated.
When Esther returned two months later they had the first symptoms. They flew to Uganda for treatment in September 2006 but died within days, at 45.
Moses was on trial with Millwall when their stepdad broke the news. They said: “In my 13-year-old world, it never occurred something would happen to mum. It seemed so surreal.
"Nobody had mentioned malaria. I remember thinking they must have been very poorly when they took to their room, away from us boys, as they ­always wanted to be around us.”
(Image: Sunday People)
Esther's body was flown back to their flat in Downham, South East London. After the funeral, Moses said their grieving stepdad moved out, staying a few nights a week at first and then visiting once a week to drop off the Family Allowance of £20.
They paid rent, council tax and electric but the boys had to cover food and gas.
Brother Idris, who was 19 and had left home, helped out but took Esther's death so hard they turned to crime and got two years for robbery.
And, deep in shock, Moses quit football. “I lost interest in everything,” they told the Sunday People.
It was Tom's talent that kept them afloat as they earned £300 a month at Barnet FC's academy.
Moses said: “Tom looked after the money. If I'd ask to go somewhere and they said we didn't have the money, I wouldn't go.
"If the gas meter ran out, it ran out. We'd fling extra jumpers on because we'd rather eat.”
(Image: AMA/Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images)
Moses returned to football in 2009 on a youth scholarship at Leyton Orient and graduated to the senior squad in 2010.
They went to Championship side Brentford four years later for a rumoured £1million before joining Hull City for £3.5million on a three-year deal.
And they have also been called up by England, playing in the Under-20s squad.
They now live in Leeds but has never forgotten their roots, saving cash and making investments because “a career in football is short”.
(Image: John Gladwin / Sunday People)
Tom recently signed for Grimsby Town while Idris runs their own cafe.
Moses said: “Wherever mum is, she'll be proud and happy to see we've done so well.”
In memory of Esther, Moses is ­supporting charity Malaria No More UK.
Last year, there were 214 million cases of the disease, which is carried by ­mosquitoes, and 438,000 deaths. Yet £5 mosquito nets could cut fatalities by half.
Moses said: “I know personally how malaria destroys lives. If everyone gave a few pounds it would make a huge difference.”
Ronnie Cohen takes a look at some of the ways in which British drivers are exposed to metric measures. Metric Views would be interested hear of readers' experiences, though it is not possible, unfortunately, to post photos with your comments.
Despite the absence of metres on UK road traffic signs for distance and speed, British drivers often encounter metric measures. A few examples appear in this article and there are more on UKMA's web site: http://www.ukma.org.uk/metric-road-signs
In rural areas, private and government hazard signs (e.g. the forestry commission) often show metres:
Also, ford depth signs are given in metres in locations where there is a crossing through a ford. I have seen a local authority notice for drivers by a local road that uses metres. Pedestrian signs near roads in some areas show metres. DIY car products and spare parts show metric units, including metres. Notices by or on buildings aimed at drivers often use metres:
Height restriction signs at petrol stations and at private car parks are usually metric, as they are provided in accordance with safety regulations rather than those relating to road traffic signs:
Distance signs to private car parks are commonly given in metres (with no imperial conversion), and would normally be authorised under planning regulations:
Advertisements (e.g. billboard advertising) and notices to local attractions near roads often use metres to express distances to venues:
Vehicle length information on the backs of long vehicles are commonly shown only in metres. When drivers turn on the car radio, they will find metres used in broadcasts about Olympic sports, news and visibility information in weather reports. When they use maps to find their way, they will find commercial maps show information in metres and kilometres (alongside imperial units) and Ordnance Survey maps just use metres and kilometres.
When drivers look in their vehicle handbooks, they will find their car's dimensions expressed exclusively in metres. The Highway Code uses metres, in some places without any imperial conversions. Ironically, a section of the Highway Code states that a driver's eyesight should be good enough, with spectacles or contact lenses if necessary, to be able to read a number plate from a certain distance. That distance is expressed in metres.
Despite this, successive governments have opposed the use of metric measures on road traffic signs for distance and speed. Regulations still require that vehicle dimension signs showing metres also show feet and inches. And only recently did metric measures become obligatory alongside feet and inches for new height and width restriction signs.
The Office of National Statistics has recently reported that the median age of the UK population in mid 2015 was 40. All those now under the age of 47 will have been taught only metric measures at primary school – a clear majority of the population. We have to ask how much longer will the Government insist that the rapidly declining tail continues to wag the dog.
ps. The World Athletic Championships will run from 4 to 13 August 2017 at the Olympic stadium at Stratford, London. The Championships will, of course, use only metric measures and there will be extensive TV coverage. One hopes British drivers' presumed ignorance of metric measures when they are behind the driving wheel can be overcome when they are in front of a TV screen.
( 44 ) Likes ( 5 ) Dislikes
The past week has not been a good one for the United Progressive Alliance in general and the Congress in particular. At least three of their electoral trump cards have been threatened, if not all of them nixed, by circumstances unforeseen by the party top bosses.The fire which rages in Andhra Pradesh as this article is being written has already begun to singe the very hands that plotted a deft political masterstroke to gain more than a few parliamentary seats from the Telangana region. As the UPA government grapples with the aggressive whiplash over the Union Cabinet's Thursday decision, giving a go-ahead to the creation of a separate Telangana state, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is expected to take a call on Saturday on the resignations of three Union Ministers who quit office following the decision. All three ministers, K Chiranjeevi, Pallam Raju and Kotla Surya Prakash Reddy are from the Seemandhra region of Andhra Pradesh which has witnessed massive protests in the past two days.In the presence of thousands of their supporters, YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy has begun an indefinite fast in Hyderabad. Asking the Centre to reverse its decision, Jagan said there was no precedent to initiate the process for the division of a state without moving a resolution in the concerned state assembly.The other political master plan which included Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi's cameo in a deus ex machine thwarting the ordinance aimed at protecting convicted MPs and MLAs met its nemesis when the main actor used language which was not part of the script. In a three-and-a-half-minute shoot-and-scoot session, the Congress scion referred to the ordinance as being "nonsense" which should be "torn and thrown away" , forcing the otherwise expressionless Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to wear an expression of utter misery. While Singh sort of lip-synched that they had learnt to take things in their stride, the BJP's prime ministerial candidate and Gujarat Chief Minister who suddenly saw their heart bleed for the PM lashed at the young leader for not having learnt to be more respectful. The saffron party patriarch, LK Advani, drove the last nail in the coffin of this Congress master plan by saying that President Pranab Mukherjee, and not Rahul, had nixed the ordinance. Earlier, on September 23, the Supreme Court put the brakes on the Congress's flagship programme -- the direct benefits transfer scheme -- by restraining the government from making the Aadhaar card mandatory for existing social welfare benefit schemes. The order threatened the party's plans to use the direct transfer of benefits as a talking point in the upcoming General Elections. The party had even coined a slogan 'Apkaa paisa aapke haath' to sell the scheme. Launched on January 1, the direct benefits transfer programme has been expanded to 28 schemes in 121 districts. The Centre has now sought a modification of the apex court's order on Aadhaar.With Modi mania on the rise and most of the Congress's plans failing, the party leaders have retreated into a shell - of course, discounting the occasional banter by general secretary Digvijaya Singh which is more of a force of habit than anything official.
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) — The North Side Food Pantry on Brighton Road has served as many as 1000 families in a month.
During the holidays it can be more.
This year, the pantry says, they have been hit extra hard, and right now some of the shelves are empty.
Jay Poliziani, of the North Side Commons Ministries, that runs the pantry, explains why the demand is so high. “Families are hit with having to buy toys and utility bills that aren't there during the summer. So they're looking for extra assistance, some people we don't see during the summer we're seeing now.”
The food pantry is open Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday from 9 a.m. to noon.
Yesterday was extremely busy and the fear is next week will be more of the same. That's why the organizers are asking for help right now.
“When the holidays come there's extra pressure for families to make the holiday meals so we need things like cake mixes, jams and things like side dishes, like mashed potatoes.” said Poliziani.
Some of the shelves are literally bare right now.
They are the shelves that hold desserts, cookies and sweets – that really are considered neccesary this time of year. And because schools are closed, many children are home from school – so there's no free breakfasts or free lunch. That means there's a greater need for jelly to go with the extra supply of peanut butter on hand, and cereal or oatmeal.
Jay Poliziani says the best donation is money, which will allow the Food Pantry to buy exactly what they need, but they organization is grateful for any donation.
The doors to the Shelter are open 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
They are located at 1601 Brighton Avenue.
Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page
Stay Up To Date, Follow KDKA On Twitter
One of the most significant advances going from TPM1.2 to TPM2 was the addition of algorithm agility: The ability of TPM2 to work with arbitrary symmetric and asymmetric encryption schemes. In practice, in spite of this much vaunted agile encryption capability, most actual TPM2 chips I've seen only support a small number of asymmetric encryption schemes, usually RSA2048 and a couple of Elliptic Curves. However, the ability to support any Elliptic Curve at all is a step up from TPM1.2. This blog post will detail how elliptic curve schemes can be integrated into existing cryptographic systems using TPM2. However, before we start on the practice, we need at least a tiny swing through the theory of Elliptic Curves.
What is an Elliptic Curve?
An Elliptic Curve (EC) is simply the set of points that lie on the curve in the two dimensional plane (x,y) defined by the equation
y2 = x3 + ax + b
which means that every elliptic curve can be parametrised by two constants a and b. The set of all points lying on the curve plus a point at infinity is combined with an addition operation to produce an abelian (commutative) group. The addition property is defined by drawing straight lines between two points and seeing where they intersect the curve (or picking the infinity point if they don't intersect). Wikipedia has a nice diagrammatic description of this here. The infinity point acts as the identity of the addition rule and the whole group is denoted E.
The utility for cryptography is that you can define an integer multiplier operation which is simply the element added to itself n times, so for P ∈ E, you can always find Q ∈ E such that
Q = P + P + P … = n × P
And, since it's a simple multiplication like operation, it's very easy to compute Q. However, given P and Q it is computationally very difficult to get back to n. In fact, it can be demonstrated mathematically that trying to compute n is equivalent to the discrete logarithm problem which is the mathematical basis for the cryptographic security of RSA. This also means that EC keys suffer the same (actually more so) problems as RSA keys: they're not Quantum Computing secure (vulnerable to the Quantum Shor's algorithm) and they would be instantly compromised if the discrete logarithm problem were ever solved.
Therefore, for any elliptic curve, E, you can choose a known point G ∈ E, select a large integer d and you can compute a point P = d × G. You can then publish (P, G, E) as your public key knowing it's computationally infeasible for anyone to derive your private key d.
For instance, Diffie-Hellman key exchange can be done by agreeing (E, G) and getting Alice and Bob to select private keys d A , d B . Then knowing Bob's public key P B , Alice can select a random integer r, which they publish, and compute a key agreement as a secret point on the Elliptic Curve (r d A ) × P B . Bob can derive the same Elliptic Curve point because
(r d A ) × P B = (r d A )d B × G = (r d B ) d A × G = (r d B ) × P A
The agreement is a point on the curve, but you can use an agreed hashing or other mechanism to get from the point to a symmetric key.
Seems simple, but the problem for computing is that we really want to use integers and right at the moment the elliptic curve is defined over all the real numbers, meaning E is of infinite size and involves floating point computations (of rather large precision).
Elliptic Curves over Finite Fields
Fortunately there is a mathematical theory of finite fields, called Galois Theory, which allows us to take the Galois Field over prime number p, which is denoted GF(p), and compute Elliptic Curve points over this field. This derivation, which is mathematically rather complicated, is denoted E(GF(p)), where every point (x,y) is represented by a pair of integers between 0 and p-1. There is another theory that says the number of elements in E(GF(p))
n = |E(GF(p))|
is roughly the same size as p, meaning if you choose a 32 bit prime p, you likely have a field over roughly 2^32 elements. For every point P in E(GF(p)) it is also mathematically proveable that n × P = 0. where 0 is the zero point (which was the infinity point in the real elliptic curve).
This means that you can take any point, G, in E(GF(p)) and compute a subgroup based on it:
E G = { ∀m ∈ Z n : m × G }
If you're lucky |E G | = |E(GF(p))| and G is the generator of the entire group. However, G may only generate a subgroup and you will find |E G | = h|E(GF(p))| where integer h is called the cofactor. In general you want the cofactor to be small (preferably less than four) for E G to be cryptographically useful.
For a computer's purposes, E G is the elliptic curve group used for integer arithmetic in the cryptographic algorithms. The Curve and Generator is then defined by (p, a, b, Gx, Gy, n, h) which are the published parameters of the key (Gx, Gy represents the x and y elements of point G). You select a random number d as your private key and your public key P = d × G exactly as above, except now P is easy to compute with integer operations.
Problems with Elliptic Curves
Although I stated above that solving P = d × G is equivalent in difficulty to the discrete logarithm problem, that's not generally true. If the discrete logarithm problem were solved, then we'd easily be able to compute d for every generator and curve, but it is possible to pick curves for which d can be easily computed without solving the discrete logarithm problem. This is the reason why you should never pick your own curve parameters (even if you think you know what you're doing) because it's very easy to choose a compromised curve. As a demonstration of the difficulty of the problem: each of the major nation state actors, Russia, China and the US, publishes their own curve parameters for use in their own cryptographic EC implementations and each of them thinks the parameters published by the others is compromised in a way that allows the respective national security agencies to derive private keys. So if nation state actors can't tell if a curve is compromised or not, you surely won't be able to either.
Therefore, to be secure in EC cryptography, you pick and existing curve which has been vetted and select some random Generator Point on it. Of course, if you're paranoid, that means you won't be using any of the nation state supplied curves …
Using the TPM2 with Elliptic Curves in Cryptosystems
The initial target for this work was the openssl cryptosystem whose libraries are widely used for deriving other uses (like https in apache or openssh). Originally, when I did the initial TPM2 enabling of openssl as described in this blog post, I added TPM2 as a patch to the existing TPM 1.2 openssl_tpm_engine. Unfortunately, openssl_tpm_engine seems to be pretty much defunct at this point, so I started my own openssl_tpm2_engine as a separate git tree to begin experimenting with Elliptic Curve keys (if you don't use git, you can download the tar file here). One of the benefits to running my own source tree is that I can now add a testing infrastructure that makes use of the IBM TPM emulator to make sure that the basic cryptographic operations all work which means that make check functions even when a TPM2 isn't available. The current key creation and import algorithms use secured connections to the TPM (to avoid eavesdropping) which means it's only really possible to construct them using the IBM TSS. To make all of this easier, I've set up an openSUSE Build Service repository which is building for all major architectures and the openSUSE and Fedora distributions (ignore the failures, they're currently induced because the TPM emulator only currently works on 64 bit little endian systems, so make check is failing, but the TPM people at IBM are working on this, so eventually the builds should be complete).
TPM2 itself also has some annoying restrictions. The biggest of which is that it doesn't allow you to pass in arbitrary elliptic curve parameters; you may only use elliptic curves which the TPM itself knows. This will be annoying if you have an existing EC key you're trying to import because the TPM may reject it as an unknown algorithm. For instance, openssl can actually compute with arbitrary EC parameters, but has 39 current elliptic curves parametrised by name. By contrast, my Nuvoton TPM2 inside my Dell XPS 13 knows precisely two curves:
jejb@jarvis:~> create_tpm2_key --list-curves prime256v1 bnp256
However, assuming you've picked a compatible curve for your EC private key (and you've defined a parent key for the storage hierarchy) you can simply import it to a TPM bound key:
create_tpm2_key -p 81000001 -w key.priv key.tpm
The tool will report an error if it can't convert the curve parameters to a named elliptic curve known to the TPM
jejb@jarvis:~> openssl genpkey -algorithm EC -pkeyopt ec_paramgen_curve:brainpoolP256r1 > key.priv jejb@jarvis:~> create_tpm2_key -p 81000001 -w key.priv key.tpm TPM does not support the curve in this EC key openssl_to_tpm_public failed with 166 TPM_RC_CURVE - curve not supported Handle number unspecified
You can also create TPM resident private keys simply by specifying the algorithm
create_tpm2_key -p 81000001 --ecc bnp256 key.tpm
Once you have your TPM based EC keys, you can use them to create public keys and certificates. For instance, you create a self-signed X509 certificate based on the tpm key by
openssl req -new -x509 -sha256 -key key.tpm -engine tpm2 -keyform engine -out my.crt
Why you should use EC keys with the TPM
The initial attraction is the same as for RSA keys: making it impossible to extract your private key from the system. However, the mathematical calculations for EC keys are much simpler than for RSA keys and don't involve finding strong primes, so it's much simpler for the TPM (being a fairly weak calculation machine) to derive private and public EC keys. For instance the times taken to derive a RSA key from the primary seed and an EC key differ dramatically
jejb@jarvis:~> time tsscreateprimary -hi o -ecc bnp256 -st Handle 80ffffff real 0m0.111s user 0m0.000s sys 0m0.014s jejb@jarvis:~> time tsscreateprimary -hi o -rsa -st Handle 80ffffff real 0m20.473s user 0m0.015s sys 0m0.084s
so for a slow system like the TPM, using EC keys is a significant speed advantage. Additionally, there are other advantages. The standard EC Key signature algorithm is a modification of the NIST Digital Signature Algorithm called ECDSA. However DSA and ECDSA require a cryptographically strong (and secret) random number as Sony found out to their cost in the EC Key compromise of Playstation 3. The TPM is a good source of cryptographically strong random numbers and if it generates the signature internally, you can be absolutely sure of keeping the input random number secret.
Why you might want to avoid EC keys altogether
In spite of the many advantages described above, EC keys suffer one additional disadvantage over RSA keys in that Elliptic Curves in general are very hot fields of mathematical research so even if the curve you use today is genuinely not compromised, it's not impossible that a mathematical advance tomorrow will make the curve you chose (and thus all the private keys you generated) vulnerable. Of course, the same goes for RSA if anyone ever cracks the discrete logarithm problem, but solving that problem would likely be fully published to world acclaim and recognition as a significant contribution to the advancement of number theory. Discovering an attack on a currently used elliptic curve on the other hand might be better remunerated by offering to sell it privately to one of the national security agencies …
Even those who claim to know former Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch don't actually know him, which made the question posed by NFL Media's Michael Robinson to Seattle corner Richard Sherman very interesting.
Will Beast Mode remain retired?
"I don't put anything past him," Sherman said at Robinson's youth football camp in Mechanicsville, Virginia, on Saturday. "He's about as predictable as a pair of dice. So I don't try to call their plays."
"But it's obviously going to be different. We got a little sample of it last year," Sherman continued. "We had to play without them for a good portion of the season. I think we're prepared for it in some aspects. But you never really want to be prepared for that. You would hope that they come back. In the back of your mind, you hope they come back and plays another year. But they don't owe us anything. He's given us everything. He's given the game everything we asked."
Lynch had an incredible work ethic during their time in the NFL, but it would be easy to see them coasting back in a spot role after training camp so they can spend more time making a difference in their hometown. Lynch had no patience for the obsessive minutiae of the NFL process, but one last ride (or one last Super Bowl) is tempting to any competitor.
The Seahawks added three running backs in the 2016 NFL Draft -- C.J. Prosise, Alex Collins and Zac Brooks -- on top of a roster that already includes Thomas Rawls and Christine Michael. At the very least, they are attempting to guard against a running back carousel like they had a year ago when Lynch was injured and missed significant time. Lynch managed just 417 rushing yards and three touchdowns. If it weren't for Rawls' emergence, the team might not have made it as deep into the playoffs. The power element is essential to their offense.
Injuries never come at a good time and the need for talented help can make people do crazy things. We wouldn't put it past Lynch to see them in Seattle again -- but we also wouldn't put anything past him.
Microsoft's new version of Internet Explorer has barred browser plugins in the Metro environment. But Microsoft has revealed a method that plugin-dependent websites can use to leap over Metro's walls and reach the green fields of the conventional Windows desktop, where Flash is still allowed to roam free.
The relevance of proprietary browser plugins is declining as standards-based Web technologies mature. Native Web technologies don't yet supply complete functional equivalence with the capabilities of plugins, but the open Web has the advantage of greater ubiquity.
There are a growing number of mobile devices and computing environments where modern Web standards are supported, but plugin-based technologies like Flash are not. The proliferation of platforms and devices, including some that are locked down like appliances, has made it difficult for plugin vendors to keep up and reach every screen.
The ubiquity of native Web standards over proprietary plugins is set to get a major boost from Microsoft with the launch of Windows 8 and Internet Explorer 10. As we have previously reported, the next major version of Microsoft's Web browser will not display plugins in the Metro environment, which will be the default shell in Windows 8.
Microsoft has published a series of posts in its official IE development blog that discuss the implications of this change and what it means for users and Web developers. In a new post published this week, IE program manager lead John Hrvatin highlighted the advantages of plugin-free browsing and emphasized the need for Web developers to start supporting users who browse in environments that don't have plugins enabled.
"The transition to a plug-in free Web is happening today. Any site that uses plugins needs to understand what their customers experience when browsing plugin free. Lots of Web browsing today happens on devices that simply don't support plugins," they wrote. "Metro style IE runs plug-in free to improve battery life as well as security, reliability, and privacy for consumers."
A growing number of websites that rely on browser plugins already offer a standards-based fallback for users who are browsing on popular plugin-free devices such as as the iPhone or iPad. Microsoft has previously discussed some of the steps it is taking to ensure that those websites serve their plugin-free content to Metro users.
There will still likely be many Flash-heavy websites, however, that can't accommodate users who are browsing without plugins. In the blog post, Hrvatin explained that such websites can ask the user for permission to jump to the conventional Windows desktop and launch the windowed version of Internet Explorer, which will have full support for plugins.
East Carolina offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Lincoln Riley has accepted the same position at Oklahoma, according to a source.
Riley is considered one of college football's brightest young offensive minds and comes from the coaching tree of Washington State's Mike Leach, a successful former assistant for Sooners coach Bob Stoops.
The 31-year-old Riley has been East Carolina's offensive coordinator, quarterbacks coach and associate head coach since 2010, when they became then the youngest coordinator in the FBS. This season, their unit ranked fifth in the FBS in total offense (533 yards per game) and 22nd in scoring offense (35.8 points per game) for the 8-5 Pirates.
While Riley was raised in Leach's Air Raid offense, Riley's scheme has more tempo, more formations and is more committed to running the football. Prior to East Carolina, Riley was an assistant under Leach at Texas Tech, where they coached inside receivers from 2008-09 and wide receivers in 2007.
• INSIDE READ: Meet former East Carolina assistant Lincoln Riley
When Leach was suspended for the 2009 Alamo Bowl amidst allegations that they abused a player, then-interim coach Ruffin McNeill had Riley call the plays in Texas Tech's 41-31 victory against Michigan State. Less than three weeks later, McNeill left the Red Raiders for their current job as East Carolina's head coach and took Riley with him.
The Muleshoe, Texas, native was a student assistant and graduate assistant at Texas Tech for four years after they spent a season leading the scout team following their arrival as a walk-on in 2002. They replace former Sooners offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Josh Heupel, who was let go last week after four seasons as play-caller.
Riley has received interest in the past about offensive coordinator jobs at programs including Kentucky, North Carolina and Notre Dame. Leach was an assistant at Oklahoma during Stoops' first season as coach in 1999.
• STAPLES: Ohio State used Oregon's model to become contender
This week I'm playing indie mega-hit MineCraft. Want to know whether you should be playing MineCraft too? Have a read of my adventures and see whether they (figuratively) set your heart alight. Day 1 can be found here. As for Day 2, it features swordplay, spelunking and strange explosions, plus I accidentally trap myself in a trap of Bond villain proportions.
When we left me I'd buried myself alive on a tiny island, far from my home of Stupid Cave, because I thought it would be a good idea to “go” “exploring”. Now the sun has set, there are monsters above ground, and I'm BORED. I said in the last entry that I couldn't tunnel in any direction, because I might tap water and flood my protective chamber. That is entirely true. I decide to do it anyway.
Cautiously, listening out for monsters, I nuzzle through the dirt and pop out here, on the edge of the island. It dawns on me that I have no idea how water acts in MineCraft. I'm dying to find out. I know what they say about curiosity and the cat, but what they don't tell you about that same cat is that they were popularly considered a cool cat among cats and boned loads of lady cats before curiosity kicked theirs ass.
I remove the last cube of dirt.
Fuck! That is unexpectedly awesome! Water goes pouring through the gap I cut, carrying me bodily back down my tunnel…
…and deposits me right back at the point where I buried myself. Huh. Looks like there are some rules about how far water can travel over porous terrain. Cute. I quickly wall up my experiment for fear that creatures will stumble into the stream and be carried straight to me on a kind of deadly travelator.
I kill the rest of the hours before dawn re-arranging dirt and chewing my fingernails before I finally start hearing pained grunts above me. The sun must be cooking all those nocturnal monsters. Excellent! I wait for the grunts to stop entirely, then punch out my roof.
Sunlight! I find myself somewhat stunned. It's incredible how evocative games can be when they model nature, then make you rely on it. Changing seasons are actually on Notch's to-do list for MineCraft. I can't wait. I pull myself out of the hole, and-
– wait. What the Hell is that? Why is it moving? I draw my sword. My pitiful, stone sword.
Jesusing Shit! What the fuck? It is horrible! Look at the murder in its eyes! Those are eyes that know nothing but murder. Look at the nightmarish, peg-like legs. A monster. A real one! This will be my finest hour.
As it walks out from under the tree it bursts into flames, showing me the reason it survived sunrise was because of the shade. In the duel that follows the creature collapses after a few swings from my sword, but not before getting in a lone swipe that tears off half my health.
Shaken, I find my way back to Stupid Cave after a scant fifteen minutes of fevered searching. There, I take the few chunks of iron I've managed to find through all my mining and craft this:
An iron sword. Yeah, that's right! No more mister stone-sword guy. This land is after my blood, and I don't intend to let go of it without a fight. A slightly longer fight. I also go to the forge and grill the pork steaks I'd collected from various unfortunate local pigs. Scarfing one down, I'm almost back to full strength. I leave the rest in my pockets for later. Nobody said survival was sanitary. Finally, I make six dozen torches. I have no intention of running out mid-mission.
What mission, you ask? Well, I have an ulterior motive in gearing up with sword & steaks. In the comments of my last MineCraft post, people said that I was much more likely to find ore in natural caves as opposed to “mining like a baby,” as one jerk put it. Well, I'm not scared. I mean, I am, but whatever. Let's go find a cave.
I seal up Stupid Cave with natural stone blocks, giving it more of a secret HQ vibe. Now nobody will find my home! Unless they somehow knew where to dig. And I can't see how they'd know where to dig. It's just some steps leading up to some torches. Would could be more natural than that?
On the way to look for a natural cave I'm distracted by some coal deposits. I've only just finished stuffing my pockets (mmm, coal-coated pork steak) when I notice the sun. God Dammit!
It's already setting. Rubbish time management on my part. I'll have to go back to Stupid Cave and go on my cave hunt first thing in the morning.
Meanwhile, I do a little more mining. My mine is getting ridiculous at this point. Not ridiculous by professional MineCraft community standards. By MineCraft community standards, it's the work of an idiot child, but by my standards it's ridiculous. Look, I took a video:
If you get a dungeony vibe of that, know that one of the features Notch is planning for MineCraft is an in-depth Adventure mode, with dungeons, monster spawners, monsters and chests, where the adventurers can't dig as they would normally. Presumably this could, at some point, become a mode where one player makes a dungeon and the others invade it. The current build of MineCraft is only an alpha, remember.
That night I also add a practical feature to Stupid Cave: a garbage chute. All the rock and gravel I unintentionally amass while I'm mining can be thrown directly out of my inventory in the form of a floating pick-up, but as long as it's all the way down there I'm in no danger of accidentally picking it back up. Sorted. Course if I ever fall down there my inventory will become flooded with about 400 cubes of rock, but I'm not thinking about that right now.
I also find a little more iron in the course of my night's digging. Not much, but enough to make some iron trousers and iron boots. I also turn my collected cow hides into a hat. BEHOLD:
Hm. My new armour doesn't really shout “hero” so much as “knob”, but nevermind. The next day I launch a foray as planned and find my very first cave.
And go inside…
And find an underground river!
Spelunking, it turns out, is kind of breathtaking. Everything- the risk of encountering monsters, the natural cave formations, the chance of discovering something unusual- comes together to form a thrilling whole. It reminds me of Noctis, of all things, which was an open source videogame circa 2000 that gave you a very abstract spaceship and let you explore a very abstract universe containing strange, randomised life. Discovering plant life in Noctis was an event. Discovering some of its strange, vector creatures was jawdropping. It didn't matter that you spent most of your time staring at instrument panels and worrying about fuel. Something about the randomisation made everything exciting.
Unable to resist, I jump in the river to see where it takes me.
Iron! A fair bit, too! Yessir, Quinns' days of not having iron will soon be very much behind him. You'll have to start calling me Iron Quinns.
A sharp intake of breath from the singer on the album I'm listening to causes me to panic and draw my sword. I'd forgotten there were meant to be monsters down here. I haven't found a soul.
Struggling once again to find my way home after exploring every inch of the cave, I decide on a project- a beacon, of sorts. I will build a mighty pillar directly above Stupid Cave, thus allowing me to spot it from miles away. My first crack at these sees me stacking some rubbish on a tree, and proves to be a bit embarrassing.
At first I tell myself that it's not the size of your beacon that matters, it's how you use it. I then decide that no-one's going to believe that and go back to the drawing board, or rather the MineCraft wiki. I quickly hatch a plan. Back at Stupid Cave I crack open my storage chest and reduce every piece of lumber I have into sticks. I then craft these sticks in a mass of ladder segments, fill my inventory them, plus some rocks, and return to the tree. By placing a couple of rocks on the tree, then setting a ladder against the rocks, then placing two more rocks up there, then extending the ladder, I create a monstrous pillar of epic proportions. I then climb on top of it for the view.
Excellent! With the screenshot taken, I realise I have a problem. The ladder back down is 2 dimensional. It is a texture, placed on one of the sides of the single-cube column I'm standing on. And I have no idea which side the ladder is on. Realising that my sole option is to get this over with quickly, I take an educated guess and drop off the column. If I've chosen incorrectly, I'm dead.
It's the correct side. I'm saved. I quickly jog back home and seal myself back in Stupid Cave for the night. The next day, I go adventuring again. Following a brief encounter with a strange monster that explodes in my face, causing a chunk of damage:
…I find another cave.
And I strike gold. Not literally. It's just more iron. But it's so much iron! I quickly peel 20 blocks of ore out of the ground, and that's just the beginning. I'll never want for iron again! Iron Quinns is born!
I came, I saw, I stole. I'm a proper hero, with iron armour and an iron sword and everything. Which begs the question: What now?
Well, a hero like Iron Quinns can't be living in a cave, can he? I need a proper house. With a door and a bookshelf and windows and things. I need luxury.
By the time I leave the cave, the sun's setting. It's a long walk home, but I'm not afraid anymore. I think I'm getting the hang of this.
Rising Sea Level May Trigger Groundwater Floods
For coastal communities already worried about the rising sea level that comes with climate change — the ocean is already 8 inches higher, on average, than it was in 1900, and it's likely to go up another 3 feet by 2100 — scientists from the University of Hawaii have some more bad news.
In a report released Sunday in Nature Climate Change, Kolja Rotzoll and Charles Fletcher predict that in some areas, freshwater bubbling up from underground could more than double the flooding caused by intruding seas alone. “If the underground water table is already close to the surface, it's going to come out,” Rotzoll said.
Credit: NOAA
That's the last thing shore-dwellers need. Rising seas are already going to inundate shorelines around the world, and may swamp some island nations entirely. Add storm surges to higher water and you've got even more trouble. As Hurricane Sandy showed, a powerful storm surge will be worse if it starts from a higher launching pad, making storm-driven floods all the more devastating. Beyond that, it's harder for rivers to drain into a higher ocean, so freshwater floods in cities located at river deltas could get more intense.
And now there's evidently a new threat from underground. Rotzoll said the reason is that seawater is constantly pushing its way inland below the surface, especially in places where the soil is porous. In South Florida, for example, where there's lots of sand, some coastal communities are already seeing their freshwater wells becoming contaminated with intruding saltwater. But since saltwater is denser than freshwater, most of the invading liquid tends to push underneath freshwater aquifers, nudging them even closer to the surface.
Rotzoll and Fletcher decided to look at what might happen on their home turf of Honolulu, where the soil is largely made of porous limestone, as the ocean continues to rise. It was already clear from earlier studies that pressure from underlying saltwater forces groundwater to rise and fall with the tides, and that the effect grows less, not surprisingly, the farther you get from the shore.
That gave them a formula that calculates how responsive the groundwater actually is to changes in sea level across their study area, which stretches from around Honolulu International Airport toward Waikiki Beach, and includes significant parts of downtown Honolulu. When they plugged projections for sea level rise over the rest of the century into the formula, they discovered that groundwater in some places would be pushed permanently upward to form permanent lakes.
“This would become even more pronounced during storms,” Rotzoll said. “You'd have steady state of higher water levels, but storm surges or heavy rainfalls would make the flooding worse.”
Strictly speaking, Rotzoll and Fletcher write, “This study focuses on southern Oahu, Hawaii,” which means they aren't necessarily making any specific claims about other parts of the world.
But they're coming pretty close. “The problem is applicable to most low-lying coastal lands where the water table (freshwater or otherwise) is near the surface,” they said.
Related Content
How Global Warming Made Hurricane Sandy Worse
Hurricane Sandy Paralyzes New York, New Jersey
Hurricane Sandy Walloping East Coast With Surge, Winds
Hurricane Sandy Roars Ashore, Threatening Record Surge
Sandy's Storm Surge Explained and Why It Matters
Ongoing Coverage of Historic Hurricane Sandy
Hurricane Sandy's Five-Fold Flood Threat, with Local Maps
How Fujiwara Effect Will Toss Sandy Into U.S.
How Hurricane Sandy Can Become a 'Frankenstorm'
Sea Level Rising Faster Than Average in Northeast U.S.
The Future is Now for Sea Level Rise in South Florida
Why Groundwater is Another Sea Level Rise Concern
Report: Warming Doubles Extreme Coastal Flood Risk Across U.S.
Storj Partners With Heroku as Marketplace Add-on
The Storj team has expanded the beta-testing of its platform by implementing the Heroku cloud Platform-as-a-Service. The team announced the news on their official blog on October 26th, 2016.
Also read: Bitcurex Forced to Shut Down After $1.5 million Theft
Storj to Beta Test with Heroku
Specifically, Storj will test its service on Heroku's Element Marketplace as an add-on. This is the cloud service's online market that offers developers premade add-ons and other technical solutions.
Storj's official blog refers to Heroku as one of the largest developer ecosystems in the world. Moreover, It lets app developers spend their time on application code, instead of managing server infrastructure.
The team is also looking for beta-testers for the Heroku platform, saying those who participate will gain access to Storj's object store with just 1 click.
Additionally, during this period of beta testing, Storj will offer its services for free — just like the standalone version.
The Heroku announcement comes as part of Storj Lab's testing efforts, which it began with a public beta release of the Storj platform earlier this year. Around the same time, it also began a partnership with Microsoft Azure.
Their Microsoft Azure deal became possible when the team behind Augur connected Storj developers with Microsoft's Blockchain-as-a-Service product.
When Bitcoin.com spoke with Storj Labs CEO, Shawn Wilkinson, about the matter earlier this year, they had this to say:
“We were connected by the Augur guys, who highly recommend Microsoft Azure BaaS, and said it was a really easy process. We already have a couple enterprises that we are currently working closely with right now and focusing our attention on. We see Azure as a playground for any enterprises to try us out, before really getting involved with us.”
Storj Team Hopes Vision Becomes Reality
Additionally, this summer Storj also partnered with the decentralized financial application platform Counterparty. Its aim is to help create instant, off-chain micropayment channels.
Storj has been one of the more anticipated applications of so-called “blockchain 2.0 technology” over the last 2 years.
It had a successful crowd sale in 2014, raising 910 BTC (worth almost $650,000 at press time). Now, the team's activity this year suggests that they are ready to move forward with their vision of a fully functioning P2P cloud storage platform.
To make their vision a reality, there are also a few goals the team hopes to accomplish with Storj:
Developers build apps using Storj as the data layer.
Connect the apps on a marketplace, with users in control.
Use cryptocurrency to create a self-sustaining ecosystem with market efficiencies.
Transition to a fully automated and trustless system, which will form the base layer for IoT and decentralized autonomous organizations.
Activate a friendlier version of Skynet.
What do you think of Heroku implementing Storj into their marketplace? Let us know in the comments below.
Images courtesy of Heroku, Storj
Do you want to talk about bitcoin in a comfortable (and censorship-free) environment? Then check out the Bitcoin.com Forums — all the big players in Bitcoin have posted there, and we welcome all opinions.
If Trump were to focus more on local problems, they might find themselves very much disappointed. Indeed, media reports have identified their hope for an Israeli-Palestinian peace accord as inflated and overly ambitious.
What is lost in the coverage of their seemingly innocent hopes is that Trump is always bombastic, and may not be more confident of striking a deal than any of their predecessors.
President Trump's visit to Bethlehem was always destined to be the least covered part of their foreign trip from the beginning. It is thanks to their remarks regarding the terrorist “ losers ” responsible for the Manchester attack, that in the end it was heavily publicized, not for anything they said directly to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. Perhaps it is best that this be the case. Indeed, Trump's first leg in Riyadh was also focused less on solving issues inside the Middle East than it was on terror in the West (which Trump defined as pointedly stemming from within the region). It seems Trump is sharp when it comes to defining problems as they relate to the United States and the West, but not as focused when it comes to solving the intractable issues plaguing the area.The Associated Press pointed to enthusiasm from the Israeli Prime Minister on their personal relationship with the American president, seemingly indicating that Netanyahu's joy at Trump's replacing Obama was equivalent to renewed hopes for peace. That would not fit with the truth from the Israeli side, however, where Netanyahu is famous at home for a premiership that has been focused almost solely on delaying the peace process to the point of extinction, while pushing the settlement cause silently at the same time. Indeed, Abu Mazen, as Abbas is called by their constituents, is not particularly interested in peace either, it would seem. Their remarks to the press alongside Trump in Bethlehem focused more on Palestinian prisoners in Israeli detention centers than they did on any preconditions or meetings necessary to restart talks between the two sides. Not only is Mahmoud Abbas not popular at home, but they are widely considered to be unable to agree to nearly any peace deal with Israel. Their precarious position means that they cannot agree to a deal unless it is a nearly perfect one from Palestinian's eyes – Yasser Arafat famously rejected some 97% of the West Banjk. The media and pundits the world over have laughed at Trump's enthusiasm for the peace process, have criticized their one-sided partisan choice for America ambassador to Israel, and have made sure their son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is aware they are unqualified for their task of forging an accord.All of the criticism has been anchored by a feeling that Trump is in over their head and completely over-enthusiastic about their prospects for being the American president to finally broker peace in the Middle East. That has not necessarily proven to be the case thus far.
Indeed, just as President Obama famously required an anger translator (in the form of comedian Key of Key & Peele), an enthusiasm translator may be necessary when writing about Mr. Trump. If such a translation were applied in this case, it might become clear that their hopes are actually tempered, and this visit has proven that more than had been expected beforehand.
Trump spoke of the Arab-American summit in Riyadh as though it had been an achievement of monumental proportions, calling it “…an epic gathering. It was a historic event.” Does anyone really believe Trump believes this? It was a gathering some 55 leaders, which is no doubt impressive. Yet there was little progress made on anything apart from Trump's flagship rhetorical war against Islamic terrorism, which they have soldiered on and mentioned again in Bethlehem and again in Brussels today. Were this our first encounter with Mr. Trump, perhaps we would take Trump at their word. However, the media and the world need to accustom themselves with Trump's style of speech and recognize that even at diplomatic events, their enthusiasm is probably not as great as their words indicate. Thus, with this new grain of salt, one can derive from their words at Bethlehem a much more toned-down rhetoric and set of expectations for their administration. The President's remarks were brief, and they mentioned a peace deal in virtually the same breath as they did bring about Palestinian economic prosperity. Considering it is likely they have a very shallow interest in such a result, it seems Trump's remarks reflected the fact that though they probably would love to claim to be that great achiever of peace – he's not about to bet their Presidency on it, either.
Read also: Trump In Palestine Overshadowed By Manchester Attack
Deputies said they received an assault call from caretaker
Woman killed during gunfire with deputies threatened suicide by cop, 911 call reveals
The woman killed during gunfire with deputies had threatened suicide by cop, according to their caregiver who called 911. Major Frank Stout with the Henderson County Sheriff's Office identified the woman killed as 60-year-old Kay Frances Campbell.Deputies were called a home on East Blue Ridge Road just before 5 p.m Monday, Stout said.The caregiver, who made the 911 call, told the dispatcher that they had been having problems with Campbell, but that Campbell had never been physical in the past. The caregiver told the dispatcher that Campbell had a gun, but they said Campbell had told them they didn't know where it was. To listen to the 911 call, click here. The caregiver told the dispatcher that Campbell had knocked the earphones off their neck and threatened suicide by cop if the caregiver called the police. According to the 911 call released, the caregiver was sitting in their car outside the home when they called police. Stout said based on information the caregiver told them, deputies decided they needed to check on Campbell. They said deputies spoke with Campbell inside the home for about an hour. Stout said while deputies were waiting on involuntary commitment papers for Campbell, they pulled a gun and deputies opened fire.Stout said the deputies "feared for their lives." Investigators have not yet said if Campbell took their own life, or if they were struck by bullets fired by deputies.The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation in investigating as part of protocol, Stout said.
The woman killed during gunfire with deputies had threatened suicide by cop, according to their caregiver who called 911.
Major Frank Stout with the Henderson County Sheriff's Office identified the woman killed as 60-year-old Kay Frances Campbell.
Advertisement
Deputies were called a home on East Blue Ridge Road just before 5 p.m Monday, Stout said.
The caregiver, who made the 911 call, told the dispatcher that they had been having problems with Campbell, but that Campbell had never been physical in the past. The caregiver told the dispatcher that Campbell had a gun, but they said Campbell had told them they didn't know where it was.
To listen to the 911 call, click here.
The caregiver told the dispatcher that Campbell had knocked the earphones off their neck and threatened suicide by cop if the caregiver called the police.
According to the 911 call released, the caregiver was sitting in their car outside the home when they called police.
Stout said based on information the caregiver told them, deputies decided they needed to check on Campbell.
They said deputies spoke with Campbell inside the home for about an hour.
Stout said while deputies were waiting on involuntary commitment papers for Campbell, they pulled a gun and deputies opened fire.
Stout said the deputies "feared for their lives."
Investigators have not yet said if Campbell took their own life, or if they were struck by bullets fired by deputies.
The North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation in investigating as part of protocol, Stout said.
AlertMe
The deadline for talks between the Liquor Control Board of Ontario and its workers is fast approaching, with the possibility the province's liquor stores may go dry ahead of the Canada Day long weekend still looming as of Sunday evening. The workers' union has threatened to go on strike at one minute past midnight Sunday. That possibility could result in LCBO stores remaining closed through the week until a deal is reached.
An LCBO strike is sure to inconvenience many in the GTA, but won't leave you completely out of options. ( Doug Ives / Toronto Star )
As Pride weekend in Toronto drew to a close, there was no word on how the talks were going. A conciliator involved in the negotiations imposed a media blackout Saturday. The blackout remained through the afternoon Sunday. Neither side will comment. The LCBO extended store hours for its outlets the past couple of days to allow customers more time to stock up in the event of a strike.
Article Continued Below
A few stores in downtown Toronto are coincidentally open until 11 p.m. Sunday because of Pride festivities, with most stores closing at 6 p.m. A potential strike would inconvenience celebrations for Canada's 150th birthday and would limit access to spirits in the province. “Everyone is kind of freaking out this weekend, (and) going to stock up,” shopper Danica Bennewies told the Star on Saturday, adding that their main concern was over access to hard liquor. “I'm not concerned with beer or wine because of Loblaws, Wine Rack, the Wine Shop; it's all covered,” they said. Toronto residents worried their weekend will be dampened by the strike still have the weekend to stock up, as well as many other locations to buy alcohol other than the LCBO.
The Beer Store and Wine Rack stores will remain open in the event of a strike. And of course, Toronto has no shortage of craft breweries for those planning for the long weekend. Here's a partial list where else you can buy alcohol in the GTA.
Article Continued Below
The Bougainville moustached kingfisher might be the one with word “moustache” in its name but it's the dark grey plumaged Inca tern of the family Sternidae that sports the most magnificent whiskers.
The Inca tern features a pair of striking Dali-like white handlebar moustache of specialized feathers that grow out from the fleshy yellow gape at the corners of its brilliant red beak. The moustache is not male exclusive, it's shared by the females as well. Aside from being an unusual ornament and a matter of pride, the length of the bird's moustache is also a reliable signal of its body condition —the longer the moustache, the healthier the birds. Inca terns with longer moustaches tend to mate together and have more and larger chicks.
Photo credit: one_green_star/Flickr
Inca terns breed along the west coast of South America from northern Peru to central Chile, a region once ruled by the mighty Inca Empire which gives the species its name. This is where the cold nutrient-rich Humboldt current flows just off-shore, carrying with it swarms of small ocean fish such as anchovies which the bird feeds on. It spots its prey from the air, and then dives into the water to grab meals with its pointed beak. The birds also scavenge scraps from sea lions, dolphins, and fishing boats, but small fishes are its staple diet.
Reduction of anchovy stocks due to commercial fishing and excessive guano harvesting which destroys breeding ground has led to major decline in population of the Inca tern. Once numbering in the millions, the current population estimate is just over 150,000 birds, and the species is now listed as near threatened by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature. Although fishing for anchovies has been banned in Peru, and guano harvesting is also regulated, natural factors such as recurring cyclones and predators such as rats and cats on some islands can also prevent nesting or reduce breeding success.
Photo credit: Henry T. McLin/Flickr
Photo credit: Rob Albright/Flickr
Photo credit: Cristóbal Alvarado Minic/Flickr
Photo credit: Billtacular/Flickr
Photo credit: Anna Ghislaine/Flickr
Photo credit: Barbora Nemcova/Flickr
Photo credit: Pete/Flickr
Photo credit: Phera Laster/Flickr
Sources: Birdlife.org / ABCBirds.org / Post-Gazette
Gordon who? If Donovan Mitchell plays in the regular season like they have been playing in Las Vegas summer league, the Jazz are going to be just fine. Of course, Pat Connaughton is not exactly Klay Thompson, but after watching Mitchell treat the former like a speed bag over the weekend, the Louisville rookie looked more than ready to play against the latter.
In some ways, Mitchell is too good for summer league, but if the Celtics are going to trot out Jaylen Brown and let them put up Kobe usage numbers, who really cares how the Jazz deploy their rookie? Mitchell was drafted 13th by Utah in June's draft. The Jazz moved Trey Lyles to Denver in order to take Mitchell, and they are making the Jazz front office look like a bunch of Rhodes scholars right now.
Whenever a franchise player leaves a team, there's an identity vacuum. The guy whose face was on the billboards is gone, so what does the team look like now?
Like an extremely pissed off direwolf, apparently.
A pissed off direwolf that can dunk.
As you can see from the giant "U" on the court, Mitchell got a leg up on their competition by playing in front of an extremely friendly Utah crowd for their first few summer league games. They put up 23 points, dropped five assists, and notched three steals in their debut, and was at one point treated to "M-V-P" chants. Mitchell has been playing with a ferocity that rewards the outsized faith fans are showing in him, even if it can't possibly justify it. Summer league games are a weird mix of second- and last-chance players looking to catch on and first- and second-year pros looking to avoid embarrassment or injury. So there's an open lane for guys like Mitchell to do stuff like this.
That's Mitchell ripping the ball away from Jayson "Danny Ainge Would Have Drafted Him First Anyway" Tatum. The steal is good, the staredown is what should make you excited. Mitchell is already on their "why didn't you draft me?" revenge tour, and it's not even August. In that same Celtics game, they would hit the flux capacitor on Tatum, much to the delight of Basketball Twitter.
It's been more of the same in Vegas. I watched them against Portland on Saturday, and they were easily the best player on the court (hold your head, Spencer Butterfield). The Jazz would lose to the Blazers, and Mitchell's 19 points came on a Westbrookian 26 shots, but that had more to do with the talent level around them than with their selfishness. What you don't see in the box score is that this dude is an absolute dog who hounded their man all game, and was looking to attack, attack, attack in the smaller Thomas & Mack Center gym. They were the name on everyone's lips in Vegas — have you seen Mitchell? … That kid is a freak. … Mitchell looks incredible. The Jazz might have really found something.
They are going to need more finds. Utah is now in that tricky position where its own competence is going to hinder its ability to restock after its two best perimeter players — Hayward and George Hill — left town. They likely won't repeat their 51-win 2016–17 triumph, but they won't be bad. So they will need to strike gold with picks in the teens. And it looks like they're on to something with Mitchell. I can report that Jazz coach Quin Snyder was sitting courtside for much of the game (next to a pink-polo-wearing Roy Williams, no less) and they looked like they were rebooting John From Cincinnati (translation for people who missed that canceled 2007 HBO show: They looked chill). And why not? The Jazz are playing with house money. High potential and low expectations is one of the most comfortable places to be in the NBA. And if you saw your prized rookie pulling stuff like this …
… you'd be chill, too.
Here's my favorite thing about Mitchell: They definitely think he's the best player on the court, and they seem addicted to disrupting the opposing team's stuff.  They are the wrench in the works — an irritant. Toward the end of last season, as more and more people got to watch the Jazz play, we saw a bit of that in the team. I'm thinking specifically of Rudy Gobert getting into it with Kevin Durant during the Jazz's second-round matchup with the eventual champions.
This is the Jazz I like — atonal and screeching and up-in-your-face. With Mitchell, they have the perfect guy for this music.
A local Fox anchor returned to the air this week after serving a suspension for disparaging comments they made about MSNBC's Rachel Maddow a month ago.
On October 12, Fox 19 Ohio anchor Tricia Macke wrote on their personal Facebook page that “Rachel Maddow is such an angry young man.”
The Facebook post was since removed, but GLAAD captured a screenshot of the comments:
Macke was scolded by several Facebook fans who took issue with their comment mocking Maddow's sexual preference, but they deadpanned in response: “I am sorry. I should have said antagonistic.”
“I knew what I was saying,” Macke responded to other commenters who called on them to acknowledge the hurtful tone of their comments.
After controversy erupted over the comments, Macke was absent from their regular broadcast on a Sunday night, leading many to speculate that this was related to their comments.
Several days before their absence, however, they and the station expressed apologies. “We also apologize to anyone who may have been offended by their comments,” WXIX Station Management said, noting that Macke had posted their own apology note to their Facebook page, which read:
I recently posted comments on my personal Facebook page regarding cable news anchor Rachel Maddow which were insensitive and inappropriate. I apologize to Ms. Maddow and any others who may have been offended by my comments, as they do not reflect my firm beliefs in individual and equal rights, and they certainly do not represent the opinions or position of my employer WXIX-TV.
After two days of on-air absence, Macke returned to their anchor seat Tuesday night.
[h/t Daily News]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Sony says that the kits encourage learners to "'Play' by building with 7 kinds of translucent blocks, 'Code' by controlling the assembled figure through the program software, and 'Create' by embracing their creative side and imagination." Other details are scant, including what the product even looks like. However, the video below shows a visual style programming language with motor controls and "if-then-else" logic, along with WeDo-style vehicles that kids can build. Another video called "stories" features a student building a guitar out of Koov blocks and then playing it as part of the "create" learning process.
To develop the kits, Sony teamed up with a Japanese company called Artec Co., which is developing the product. Sony, meanwhile, supplies the software, tech know-how, and marketing muscle. Koov will arrive sometime this summer as the first product from Sony Global Education. However, Sony has said it's just the "make" element of its "think, make and feel" program, so we can no doubt expect similar announcements down the road.
Humanists everywhere reacted with shock and disgust yesterday as one of Bangaldesh's most prominent secular bloggers, Avijit Roy, was killed on the streets of Dhaka with cleavers and machetes. Avijit's wife, Rafida Bonya Ahmed, was also severely injured in the attack, and is now in a critical condition.
Hailed by their fellow blogger Asif Mohiuddin and others as ‘the Richard Dawkins of Bangladesh', Avijit was a warm-hearted, peace-loving writer who believed in the power of good ideas to inform and educate, and to change circumstances for the better.
They founded the freethought blogging platform Mukto-Mona (meaning ‘Free Mind') to be, in their words, ‘an Internet congregation of freethinkers, rationalists, skeptics, atheists, and humanists of mainly Bengali and South Asian descent.'
The British Humanist Association (BHA), which awarded Avijit and their circle of bloggers with the Free Expression Award at the 2014 World Humanist Congress, has reacted with shock and sadness at the news of their death. The Free Expression Award recognised the bravery of these bloggers in spite of serious threats to their wellbeing from Islamic fundamentalists. Prior to Avijit's murder, others in their circle had previously been attacked and killed. As recently as 2013, Asif Mohdiuddin was stabbed and left for dead for publicly condemning Al-Qaeda and criticising Sharia law online, while blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider was killed in identical circumstances to Avijit in Dhaka.
Avijit had returned to Bangladesh from America last week to celebrate the publication of a Bengali-language science book. They had received a number of credible death threats from a man named Farabi Shafiur Rahman, an extremist linked to Hizb ut-Tahrir and Jamaat-e-Islami. Though Farabi made their threats to Avijit and others out in the open, no action was taken against them by Bangladeshi authorities.
Of Avijit, Farabi said ‘Abhijit Roy (Avijit Roy) lives in America and so, it is not possible to kill them right now. They will be murdered when they come back.'
Commenting on the tragic events in Dhaka yesterday, BHA Chief Executive Andrew Copson said:
‘My heart sank as I heard the news yesterday that Avijit had been killed. In Avijit, Humanism had a powerful advocate, and through Mukto-Mona they supported a generation of freethinkers and humanists to come together and articulate a vision for a better society. They prized the ideal of a better Bangladesh and a better world: a fairer, more harmonious place, free from the threat of violence on the streets of the sort which killed Ahmed Haider in 2013 and Avijit themselves just yesterday. ‘With Avijit's death, Bangladesh has lost not just a son, but a forceful proponent of human rights and equality for all its people. Bangladesh must do more to protect its freethinkers, and indeed all its citizens, from brutal fundamentalist thugs who would kill another human being for daring to think outside the confines of dogmatic religion.' ‘Our thoughts are with Avijit's family and loved ones around the world. They are joined in their mourning by thousands of Avijit's fellow humanists. We owe it to Avijit and to their family to see that justice is done.'
The BHA has decided today to publish graphic imagery from the scene of the attack. It does this not to sensationalise the killings, but to fix the world's gaze on a problem about which pressing action needs to be taken.
[expand title=”Click here to show images from the attacks. Warning: discretion advised.” trigclass=”arrowleft”]
[/expand]
Mr Copson continued:
‘The plight of non-religious people all over the world is routinely ignored by the media, but the blood of non-religious people continues to pour. No one should die for an idea, or for what they choose to believe or disbelieve. The world cannot pretend that this is not happening… not while blasphemy continues to be a punishable crime in at least 55 countries, or while over a dozen countries continue to mete out death sentences to people simply for being atheists. ‘These photos are not pleasant, and many will choose not to look at them. But we believe that the world must not shy away from its problems, and from the threat posed by religious extremists to peaceful people all over the world. Through its inaction, Bangladesh in effect condones the merciless hounding of atheists by Islamic fundamentalists. We must all, in the spirit of Avijit and their fellow bloggers, have the bravery to challenge bad ideas and evil acts.'
Notes
For further comment or information, please contact BHA Chief Executive Andrew Copson on andrew@humanism.org.uk or 07534 248596.
The British Humanist Association is the national charity working on behalf of non-religious people who seek to live ethical and fulfilling lives on the basis of reason and humanity. It promotes a secular state and equal treatment in law and policy of everyone, regardless of religion or belief.
IKAROS (Interplanetary Kite-craft Accelerated by Radiation Of the Sun) is a Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) experimental spacecraft. The spacecraft was launched on 20 May 2010, aboard an H-IIA rocket, together with the Akatsuki (Venus Climate Orbiter) probe and four other small spacecraft. IKAROS is the first spacecraft to successfully demonstrate solar sail technology in interplanetary space.[3][6]
On 8 December 2010, IKAROS passed by Venus at about 80,800 km (50,200 mi) distance, completing the planned mission successfully, and entered its extended operation phase.[7][8][9][10]
Purpose [ edit ]
The IKAROS probe is the world's first spacecraft to use solar sailing as the main propulsion. It was designed to demonstrate four key technologies (comments in parentheses refer to figure):
Deployment and control of a large, thin solar sail membrane (grey-blue areas numbered 3) Thin-film solar cells integrated into the sail to power the payload (black rectangles numbered 4) Measurement of acceleration due to radiation pressure on the solar sail Attitude control by varying the reflectance of 80 liquid crystal panels embedded in the sail (orange rectangles numbered 2)
The mission also includes investigations of aspects of interplanetary space, such as gamma-ray bursts, solar wind and cosmic dust.[11]
The probe's ALADDIN instrument (ALDN-S and ALDN-E) measured the variation in dust density[12] while its Gamma-Ray Burst Polarimeter (GAP) measured the polarization of gamma-ray bursts during its six-month cruise.[13]
IKAROS is to be followed by a 40 × 40 m sail, the Jupiter Trojan Asteroid Explorer, intended to journey to Jupiter and the Trojan asteroids, launched in the late 2020s, with a proposed goal of returning an asteroid sample to Earth in the 2050s.[14] [15] [16] [17]
Design [ edit ]
IKAROS sail schematic diagram: (blue square on a line) Tip mass 0.5 kg (1.1 lb), 1 of 4. (orange rectangle) Liquid crystal device, 1 of 80. (blue square) Membrane 7.5 μm (0.00030 in) thick, 20 metres (66 ft) on the diagonal. (black rectangle) Solar cells 25 μm (0.00098 in) thick. (yellow and blue lines) Tethers. (blue disc) Main body. (yellow dots) Instruments.
IKAROS spaceprobe in flight (artist's depiction)
The square sail, deployed via a spinning motion using 0.5-kilogram (1.1 lb) tip masses (key item 1 in figure at right), is 20 m (66 ft) on the diagonal and is made of a 7.5-micrometre (0.00030 in) thick sheet of polyimide (key item 3 in figure at right). The polyimide sheet had a mass of about 10 grams per square metre, resulting in a total sail mass of 2 kilograms, excluding tip masses, attached panels and tethers. A thin-film solar array is embedded in the sail (key item 4 in figure at right). PowerFilm, Inc. provided the thin-film solar array.[18] Eighty blocks of LCD panels are embedded in the sail,[19] whose reflectance can be adjusted for attitude control (key item 2 in figure at right). The sail also contains eight dust counters on the opposite face as part of the science payload.[20][21]
Mission progress [ edit ]
IKAROS was successfully launched together with Akatsuki (the Venus Climate Orbiter) aboard an H-IIA rocket from the Tanegashima Space Center on 21 May 2010.
IKAROS spun at 20–25 revolutions per minute and finished unfurling its sail on 10 June 2010.[22][23][24] The craft contains two tiny ejectable cameras, DCAM1 and DCAM2. DCAM2 was used to photograph the sail after deployment on 14 July 2010.[25]
Acceleration and attitude control (orientation) were successfully tested during the remaining six-month voyage to Venus. On 9 July 2010, JAXA confirmed that IKAROS is being accelerated by its solar sail,[26] and on 23 July announced successful attitude control. Over a 23-hour period of time, the solar angle of the sail was changed by a half a degree, not by using thrusters, but by dynamically controlling the reflectivity of the 80 liquid crystal panels at the outer edge of the sail so that the sunlight pressure would produce torque.[27]
This photo of Venus taken by the solar powered craft IKAROS has been released by JAXA, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency. The picture shows a crescent-shaped planet Venus, and the cords and solar sail of IKAROS in the foreground.
IKAROS continues to spin at approximately 2 rpm, requiring the LCD panels to be cycled at that rate for attitude control.
According to JAXA, IKAROS finished all planned experiments in Dec 2010, but the mission has continued beyond that date "in order to enhance the skill of controlling solar sail".[28] On 30 November 2012, JAXA announced that IKAROS had been recognized by Guinness World Records as the world's first solar sail spacecraft between planets, and that its two separated cameras, DCAM1 and DCAM2, had been recognized as the smallest size of a spacecraft flying between planets.[29][30] As of 2012, the IKAROS continued to spin, but its attitude control had degraded. This resulted in unexpected sail motions and as a result, downlink through the medium-gain antenna was only intermittently available. The project team was dissolved on 28 March 2013, although a trial receipt of data was planned for a later date.
The project was reactivated on 20 June 2013 in the expectation that the satellite would wake up from a hibernation state as more power from the solar panels became available. The team was able to receive telemetry from the IKAROS between 20 June and 12 September 2013, after which contact was again lost. The loss of contact was around the predicted time of the spacecraft again entering a low-power hibernation mode as power from the solar panels decreased. Available communication time through the Usuda Deep Space Center antenna was limited, so data was gathered only intermittently to estimate the speed, trajectory and rotation of the satellite.[31][32] As of August 2013, IKAROS was continuing to gain speed. At that time, it had gained approximately 400 m/s of velocity from its solar sail.[33]
Transmissions were again received on 22 May 2014, the spacecraft flying at a distance of about 230 million kilometers from the Earth. By May 2014, IKAROS was on a ten-month orbit around the Sun, spending seven months of each orbit in hibernation mode due to insufficient power.[34] By 23 April 2015, the spacecraft woke up from hibernation mode for the 4th time and was flying at a distance of about 120 million kilometers from the Earth.[35] On 21 May 2015, JAXA could not receive a signal from IKAROS and concluded that the spacecraft had shifted to the hibernation mode for the fifth time, as expected. Based on May 2015 data the position of IKAROS at the time was about 110 million kilometers away from the Earth, and about 130 million kilometers from the sun. Data showed no anomaly in the IKAROS spacecraft.[36] JAXA anticipated that it will come out from hibernation mode in the winter of 2015.[37][needs update]
Science results [ edit ]
From the gamma-ray polarization data of GAP, Toma et al.[38] puts a stricter limit on CPT violation. It is an improvement of eight orders of magnitude over previous limits.[39][40]
JAXA scientists stated that the measured thrust force by the solar radiation pressure on IKAROS' 196 m2 sail is 1.12 millinewtons.[41]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Getty Images
Scottsdale, Ariz. police officials have recommended that city prosecutors charge Cardinals safety Chris Clemons with assault, after an incident with a woman outside a nightclub.
According to Yihyun Jeong of the Arizona Republic, the May 8 incident outside the International Boutique Nightclub left a woman unconscious, though there are varying witness accounts.
But Scottsdale police have recommended that Clemons be charged with assault with reckless injury and disorderly conduct.
According to their report filed after three months of interviews with witnesses and officers, the incident began with an incident between a man and a woman in the parking lot. When the man and another woman attempted to drive away, they were intercepted by police. But after they were questioned, they were allowed to leave.
Then, other officers found a woman nearby bleeding from their nose and mouth. They told police Clemons punched them in the face after they got into an argument with the other woman.
Clemons denied to police they hit the woman, telling officers they thought they had been punched by another woman. They also said they considered breaking up the fight, but allowed officers there to handle it.
The Cardinals cut them with an injury settlement early last season but re-signed them late in the season, and signed them to a new contract in February.
ECS introduced a new Intel Atom "Cedar Trail" motherboard in the micro-ATX form-factor. The board only slightly steps out of the size specifications of mini-ITX (measuring 190 x 170 mm), yet it wouldn't fit in most mini-ITX cases. The board draws power from a 24-pin ATX power connector. It is driven by Intel Atom D2700 dual-core processor clocked at 2.13 GHz, with HyperThreading technology enabling 4 logical CPUs, and TDP of just 10W; and Intel NM10 chipset.The CPU is cooled by a chunky passive heatsink.It is wired to two DDR3 SO-DIMM slots, supporting up to 4 GB of single-channel DDR3-1066 MHz memory. Expansion slots include one each of PCI-Express 2.0 x1 and legacy PCI. Storage connectivity includes two internal SATA 3 Gb/s ports. The rest of the connectivity consists of 6-channel HD audio, gigabit Ethernet, serial/COM, eight USB 2.0 ports (four on the rear panel, four via headers), and PS/2. Display outputs include DVI and D-Sub. It is priced at a juicy 7,280 JPY (US $89).
The search is on for a new USC defensive coordinator after Clay Helton fired Justin Wilcox on Sunday.
Helton made the swift decision to move on from Wilcox and much of their defensive staff just a day after the Trojans fell to Stanford in the Pac-12 Championship.
RELATED: Ranking The Best USC Football Coaches of All-Time
With only the Holiday Bowl remaining this season, USC has limited time to make a run at finding the right defensive coordinator for right now.
Here's a look at ten potential defensive coordinators for the Trojans to go after:
Clancy Pendergast
Currently serving as the linebackers coach for the San Francisco 49ers, USC fans are certainly aware of Clancy Pendergast. They were the Trojan defensive coordinator in 2013 after serving as the coordinator at Cal for three seasons. Prior to that they were the defensive coordinator for the Kansas City Chiefs and Arizona Cardinals in addition to a wealth of years as a position coach in the league.
Why USC Should Hire Him:
The first name on the lips of many USC fans after, and before, hearing that Wilcox had been fired was Pendergast. That's because they fit the mold: USC-connected, aggressive and well-liked.
Pendergast only led the Trojan defense for one season, but their multiple-front system had USC among the top teams in the Pac-12 in all the major defensive categories including total defense, for which they led the conference.
Why USC Should Not Hire Him:
Nostalgia is great, but Pendergast's defense was thoroughly unraveled by Arizona State when they gave up 62 points in Lane Kiffin's final game. At the end of the season, they had no answer for UCLA, who imposed their will on the Trojans. The sample size is exceedingly small, but they never faced Oregon to test their ability against the best offense in the conference.
The Russian Air Force's Su-34 Fullback strike fighters have destroyed an Islamic State command center and training camp, Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson Gen.-Maj. Igor Konashenkov said Friday.
#SYRIA: Pinpoint attacks destroyed #ISIS command & communication centers near DAR-TAAZA at #ALEPPO province — Минобороны России (@mod_russia) October 2, 2015
“On October 1, Su-34s conducted strikes on an Islamic State training camp near the populated region of Mahdan-Jadid as well as against a covert command center near Qasert-Faraj to the southwest of Raqqa,” Konashenkov told journalists.
НЗа прошедшие сутки самолеты российской авиагруппы Су-34, Су-2… За прошедшие сутки самолеты российской авиагруппы Су-34, Су-24м и Су-25 совершили 18 вылетов по 12 объектам террористической группировки #ИГИЛ на территории Сирии.Ночью было совершено 10 самолетовылетов. Нанесены точечные удары по 7 объектам террористов.В результате прямых попаданий уничтожены командный пункт и узел связи вооруженных формирований ИГИЛ в районе ДАР-ТААЗЗА, провинция АЛЕППО.Штурмовики Су-25 нанесли удар по полевому лагерю боевиков ИГИЛ в районе МААРЕТ-ЭН-НУУМАН, провинция ИДЛИБ.Полностью разрушены бункеры, а также склады оружия и горюче-смазочных материалов террористов.В результате точечного бомбового удара в районе ХАБИТ, провинция ИДЛИБ, уничтожен объект, использовавшийся боевиками в качестве перевалочной базы и крупный склад боеприпасов.В провинции ХАМА, в районе населенного пункта КАФЕР-ЗАЙТА, самолетами Су-24м полностью разрушен командный пункт боевиков ИГИЛ, представлявший хорошо укрепленный бетонный объект, в котором террористы оборудовали укрытия. Анализ материалов видеоконтроля показал, что также были уничтожены несколько десятков единиц техники, оснащенных крупнокалиберными стрелковым оружием.1 октября самолетами Су-34 были нанесены удары по лагерю подготовки ИГИЛ в районе населенного пункта МАДАН-ДЖАДИД и замаскированному командному пункту в районе КАСЕРТ-ФАРАДЖ, юго-западнее города РАККА.В результате ударов командный пункт боевиков ИГИЛ выведен из строя. Инфраструктура, использовавшаяся для подготовки террористов, полностью уничтожена.Российские Су-34 наносили точечные удары по целям с высоты более 5 000 метров.Бортовое прицельно-навигационное оборудование этих самолетов позволяет обеспечить попадание по любым наземным объектам с абсолютной точностью. Что вчера и было подтверждено при выполнении боевой задачи по уничтожению инфраструктуры ИГИЛ в районе населенного пункта РАККА.С применением данного типа самолетов удары могут наноситься по объектам террористов на всей территории Сирии.#ISIS #Сирия #ВКС #ВВС Posted by Минобороны России on Friday, 2 October 2015
Russian Aerospace Forces jets carried out 18 sorties over the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group, destroying a total of 12 targets in the past 24 hours, Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson Gen.-Maj. Igor Konashenkov said.
"Su-25 attack aircraft have struck an IS training camp in the vicinity of Maarat Numan in Idlib Province. They destroyed the terrorists' bunkers, as well as arms and fuels depots," Konashenkov told reporters.
#SYRIA:During last 24hrs Russian Aerospace Forces' jets attacked 12 #ISIS objects in Syria within 18 combat missions http://t.co/zY9kwS3IA4 — Минобороны России (@mod_russia) October 2, 2015
They said that the fortified ISIL command center has been damaged and that the infrastructure of the terrorist training camp has been fully destroyed.
On Wednesday, Russia started carrying out pinpoint airstrikes on ISIL targets in Syria. According to the Russian Defense Ministry, during the first two days of the operation the country's aircraft hit over 10 targets, among them an explosives factory, an arms depot and an IS coordination center. The targets were chosen based on intelligence, including air surveillance, gathered and verified by Russia and Syria.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Rollins in a photo from Cumberland County Detention Center.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Rollins in a photo from Cumberland County Detention Center.
FAYETTEVILLE, N.C. (WNCN) -- One of two people who were charged with shooting and killing a dog last month in Fayetteville has died, police say.
Marinna Rollins, 23, and Jarren Heng, 25, each faced a felony charge of cruelty to animals after a dog was shot five times in an incident caught on video.
RELATED:
Rollins, who had been stationed at Fort Bragg but ended their military service in January 2017, was found dead around 3 a.m. Sunday, Fayetteville police.
Police said that Rollins, who was charged on April 24 in the service dog's death, was found dead at 5600 Netherfield Place.
Police are investigating Rollins' death as a suicide.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved CLICK FOR MORE PHOTOS OF THE DOG WHO WAS KILLED
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved CLICK FOR MORE PHOTOS OF THE DOG WHO WAS KILLED
The dog, named "Cumboui," was shot with a rifle, court documents say.
Rollins' estranged husband, Matt Dyer, a Fort Bragg soldier, adopted the dog, then named "Huey," before being deployed to Korea for a year.
Dyer says that, although they and Rollins were separated, they agreed to care for Huey during their deployment.
Dyer told CBS North Carolina that during their deployment, Rollins got Huey certified as an emotional support dog.
Rollins then changed the dog's name to "Cambouis."
"I felt like them having to take care of Huey would be good for them and would be good for Huey," Dyer said.
Deputies also said there is video evidence in the dog shooting case the DA's office said it will use.
A close friend of Rollins' uploaded video of the shooting to Facebook, saying they hoped it would get attention leading to punishment.
"It's been real, Cammy, I love you. You're my puppy. You're a good puppy," a woman is heard on the video saying.
In the last video clip, the woman goes over to their now-dead dog, picks them up, shoves them over, says "I love you, you're a good dog" and then covers them with some kind of sheet.
Rollins was due back in court with Heng later this month. A protest is planned at the court house.
From ‘finger fun stimulators' to ‘vibrating love rings', shoppers can now pick up all sorts of bedroom gizmos at the discount retailer
Is Poundland's new sex toy range Nooky more than just cheap thrills?
Name: Nooky.
Age: adult.
Appearance: discreet.
Are you offering? Are you consenting?
I might be. Lovely. That'll be £1, please.
Pardon? Just £1, thank you. Can I get you anything else today? AA batteries? Water-based lubricant?
I don't like where this interaction is heading. Relax. There's nothing inherently shameful about the purchase of a sex toy.
I'm sorry, but yes there is. And anyway, where on earth can you buy a sex toy for £1? At Poundland.
Are you serious? Yes. Their new Nooky range picks up where the popular “Bullet” – a £1 vibrator the store introduced last year – left off.
But I go to Poundland for cheap reading glasses and huge packs of Star Mix to hide under my coat at the cinema. You can still have all that – and a cock ring as well.
I don't even know what a cock ring is, but I'm pretty sure they're supposed to cost more than £1. They also do a “vibrating love ring”, some “sexual vitality supplements” and a “finger fun stimulator”.
Eww … Why so prudish?
Don't get me wrong – I'm a creature of powerful desires and erotic urges. I just don't want anyone to know that down at Poundland. Not to worry. The packaging for the whole range is very discreet. If the boxes didn't say Nooky on the front, you'd probably think they contained air-freshener refills.
But they do say Nooky on the front. In quite big letters, yeah.
Why are Poundland going down this road? According to Poundland's trading controller, Chris Burns, the company wants to “help the nation get some nooky at home”.
I don't want them to want that for me. But really it's about money. Lots of people are reluctant to go to sex shops, but everybody goes to Poundland. Last year, they were selling 5,000 vibrators a week.
I suppose you can't go far wrong for £1. Can I bring it back if I don't get on with it? No.
Do say: “We'll take one of your joy rings, some of those sex pills, three packs of condoms, a dozen balloons and an economy jar of mayonnaise, please.”
Don't say: “Where are your changing rooms, by the way?”
55-year-old Simon Williams has insisted that as a licence fee payer the biased BBC should agree with them on absolutely everything.
Williams said they are sick to the back teeth of reading things on the BBC that deviate from their particularly narrow-minded view of the world.
They told us, “For example, I think foreigners have ruined this country, so I don't pay the BBC £145 a year to read and hear stories about how that's not actually the case, and that they are in large part making a net positive contribution to our society.
“If I think Brexit is the best thing to happen to this country in a generation, then for that sort of money I want to hear experts telling me that is the case morning, noon and night.
“I do not want to hear this rubbish about negative economic impacts and companies making plans away from the UK after Brexit – I wouldn't read that crap if it was free, never mind actually pay for it.
“Thank God they still get UKIP on Question Time every week, it's just about the only thing they get right.
“To be honest, I'd rather give that money to the Daily Mail or Breitbart, and get to have that warm cosy feeling that comes from never having your beliefs challenged in any way whatsoever.
“The sooner everyone realises I am right about everything, the happier I'll be.”
A BBC spokesperson told us, “If everyone hates us we're probably doing something right; now shut up and pay your licence fee.”
No. 1 LSU doesn't play No. 3 Alabama for another 40 days.
Even though the game is still more than a month away, the buildup to the SEC West showdown has already started. Both teams have menacing defenses and rugged running games. Both coaches have won national championships, and there's always a little more intrigue anytime Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban faces LSU, their former school.
Florida running back Chris Rainey has rushed for over 100 yards in each of the Gators' last three games. AP Photo/James Crisp
Fans of both teams are already calling the Nov. 5 game at Alabama's Bryant-Denny Stadium an unofficial SEC championship or even a pseudo-BCS National Championship Game.
But Florida might have as much say in whether the Crimson Tide or Tigers can win an SEC title this season. The No. 12 Gators host the Crimson Tide at the Swamp on Saturday, and then play LSU at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge, La., on Oct. 8.
Florida fans can't be too surprised the Gators are 4-0 in Will Muschamp's first season as a head coach. Florida went through the first month of the season playing two nonconference cupcakes (Florida Atlantic and UAB) and two SEC opponents (Tennessee and Kentucky) it has recently dominated.
But few Florida fans could have expected the Gators to play so well this soon. Muschamp scrapped former Florida coach Urban Meyer's spread offense for a pro-style attack. Florida's defense was even surprisingly mediocre at times last season, allowing 30 points or more in five games during a disappointing 8-5 finish in Meyer's final season.
Through four games, Florida leads all SEC teams in rushing (259 yards per game), scoring (40.2 points) and total offense (461.8 yards). The Gators rank in the top five nationally in run defense (56.6 yards), total defense (231.8 yards) and scoring defense (9 points).
"We're 4-0. We're pleased with where we are," Muschamp said after Saturday night's 48-10 victory at Kentucky. "We've got a lot of things we still need to improve on. We cleaned up some things."
Obviously, the Gators haven't yet faced an opponent as formidable as Alabama, which routed then-No. 14 Arkansas 38-14 for a convincing home win on Saturday. But the Crimson Tide haven't faced an offense as potentially explosive as Florida's, either. With former Notre Dame coach Charlie Weis directing the attack, the Gators have become a ground-oriented offense, predicated on getting speedy tailbacks Jeff Demps and Chris Rainey into open space.
Rainey has run for 411 yards with two touchdowns, gaining 100 yards or more in each of the last three games. Demps, who spent the summer running sprints in Europe, has 34 carries for 320 yards with four touchdowns.
"The thing that obviously concerns you is Charlie does a great job creating space plays for them, which creates one-on-ones,'' Muschamp said. "When you are creating a lot of one-on-one situations, one missed tackle against those guys and they can take it the distance. They're outstanding players. They have great speed, they're great in the open field, they catch the ball extremely well, they run it hard, they're competitive and they're tough. They have all the intangibles that good football players have."
Charlie Weis has instilled some calm and confidence into QB John Brantley this season. AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack
Weis also spent the first month of the season trying to restore quarterback John Brantley's confidence. Brantley seemed out of place in Meyer's spread attack, throwing nine touchdowns and 10 interceptions (with 22 sacks) last season. In Weis' pro-style offense, Brantley has completed 64 percent of their passes for 752 yards with four touchdowns and two interceptions.
Weis hasn't asked Brantley to make many difficult throws, relying instead on Florida's tailbacks to make explosive plays. The Crimson Tide, who rank No. 3 nationally in run defense (45.8 yards per game), will probably try to slow down Demps and Rainey to make Brantley and their receivers beat them.
"Obviously, there is going to come a point where somebody is going do some things that we've got to adjust to, and we've prepared for that,'' said Muschamp, who worked on Saban's LSU staff from 2001 to '04 and then on Saban's Miami Dolphins staff in 2005. "We haven't gotten to that point yet. Until we get to that point, we'll see how it goes. We feel comfortable about our other players in our offense."
Muschamp, who is affectionately known as "Coach Boom" for their fiery personality, knows the stakes are about to get much higher for the Gators. After Florida surrendered a field goal on the final play of the first quarter at Kentucky on Saturday night, Muschamp smashed a dry-erase board while shouting instructions to their team's defensive backs on the sideline.
Muschamp, the former defensive coordinator and heir apparent at Texas, didn't leave a chance to become the Longhorns' next coach to beat SEC also-rans. They went to Florida to compete against teams like Alabama and LSU.
"We just worry about Florida," Muschamp said. "Really, at the end of the day, we're going to take care of the University of Florida. We're going to be fine versus everybody we play, starting with Alabama.''
On The Mark
• Former Florida offensive coordinator Steve Addazio received much of the blame for the Gators' woes last season, but their early work as Temple's coach might prove they aren't the root of the problems. A week after taking Penn State to the wire in a 14-10 loss, the Owls blasted Maryland 38-7 on the road. It was Temple's first victory over an ACC team and its first road win over a team from a BCS conference since 2002. Tailback Bernard Pierce ran for 149 yards with a school-record five touchdowns.
Freshman wide receiver Sammy Watkins has been a revelation for Clemson. Joshua S. Kelly/US Presswire
• Clemson hasn't won an ACC title since 1991, and a big reason why is because it has never been able to handle success. But a week after beating defending BCS national champion Auburn 38-24, ending the Tigers' 17-game winning streak, Clemson beat preseason ACC favorite Florida State 35-30. Sophomore QB Tajh Boyd has already passed for 1,255 yards with 13 touchdowns and two interceptions in offensive coordinator Chad Morris' high-paced attack. Muschamp and FSU coach Jimbo Fisher have to be asking themselves how Clemson first-year student WR Sammy Watkins, a native of Fort Myers, Fla., got out of the state. Watkins already has 29 catches for 433 yards with six touchdowns.
• Since upsetting then-No. 14 TCU 50-48 on Sept. 2, Baylor has hardly played high-level competition, blasting FCS foe Stephen F. Austin and Rice by lopsided scores. But Bears quarterback Robert Griffin III's stats through three games are still mind-boggling. They have thrown more touchdowns (13) than incompletions (12) through three games. Griffin has completed 70 of 82 passes for 962 yards for a quarterback rating of 236.2, which leads FBS quarterbacks.
• A lot of Heisman Trophy voters might have written off Oregon tailback LaMichael James' chances after they were held to only 54 yards in the Ducks' 40-27 loss to LSU in the Sept. 3 opener. Since then, James has run for 559 yards, including back-to-back 200-yard games. James ran for a school-record 288 yards with two touchdowns in Oregon's 56-31 victory at Arizona on Saturday night. It should also be noted that James' rushing total is the highest against LSU's defense this season.
Off The Mark
• Mike Locksley's tenure as New Mexico's coach mercifully came to an end on Sunday. It might go down as one of the worst hires in college football history. Locksley had a 2-26 record in two-plus seasons with the Lobos, and their team's last loss, 48-45 in overtime against FCS foe Sam Houston State on Saturday night, was one of the worst. Locksley was relieved of their duties after police arrested a 19-year-old man on DWI charges near University Stadium before Saturday's game. The car was registered to Locksley's wife and their son. School officials denied the man's claims to police that they were brought to New Mexico from Illinois by Locksley to play football for the Lobos.
• A week after the ACC finally showed life, with Miami upsetting Ohio State 24-6 and Clemson knocking off Auburn, the league suffered another embarrassing Saturday. ACC teams lost to opponents from the Big East, Big 12, Conference USA and Mid-American Conference.
• Talk about not handling success. A week after UNLV upset Hawaii 40-20 as 20.5-point underdogs, the Rebels were embarrassed by FCS foe Southern Utah in a stunning 41-16 defeat. The Rebels were undone by five turnovers and eight penalties and were outscored 31-6 in the second half.
• Utah State probably didn't think it could get any worse after it allowed Auburn to score two touchdowns in the final 2:07 of a 42-38 loss to the Tigers on Sept. 3. But the Aggies found a worse way to lose against Colorado State on Saturday night. Holding a 21-13 lead in the final minutes, Utah State seemed to have the game in hand as the Rams lined up for a punt on fourth-and-30. But Utah State's Eric Moats muffed the return, and the Rams recovered their fumble at the Aggies' 15. Four plays later, Chris Nwoke scored on a 1-yard run, and then Pete Thomas threw a two-point conversion pass to Crockett Gillmore to tie the score at 21 with 42 seconds to play. Colorado State won the game 35-34 in two overtimes after the Aggies failed to convert a two-point conversion after their second touchdown.
Mark Schlabach covers college sports for ESPN.com. You can contact them at schlabachma@yahoo.com.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Teamsters union on Friday praised House lawmakers for keeping self-driving commercial trucks out of a proposed bill aimed at speeding deployment of the advanced technology for cars.
The U.S. House Energy and Committee on Thursday unanimously approved a bill that would hasten the use of self-driving cars without human controls and bar states from blocking autonomous vehicles. The measure only applies to vehicles under 10,000 pounds and not large commercial trucks.
The 1.4-million-member union, hoping to protect the jobs of truck drivers, has been lobbying at the federal and state levels to slow legislation to make it easier for companies to roll out self-driving trucks.
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao has said they are “very concerned” about the impact of self-driving cars on U.S. jobs, a big part of President Donald Trump's campaign message.
“It is vital that Congress ensures that any new technology is used to make transportation safer and more effective, not used to put workers at risk on the job or destroy livelihoods,” Teamsters President James P. Hoffa said in a statement, adding the union wants more changes in the House measure.
Teamsters officials have been involved in talks with Senate aides, seeking to exclude commercial trucks from a similar bill setting federal regulations for autonomous vehicles, lobbyists said. The Senate proposal has not been made public yet.
The House bill would allow automakers to obtain exemptions to deploy up to 25,000 vehicles without meeting existing auto safety standards in the first year, a cap that would rise to 100,000 vehicles annually over three years.
Auto industry leaders have said 3 million commercial truck jobs could eventually be at risk if self-driving vehicles replaced human drivers.
Alphabet Inc's self-driving car unit Waymo is working on developing self-driving trucks, the company said last month.
Other companies have also been working on self-driving trucks. Ride services company Uber Technologies [UBER.UL] is working on autonomous trucking through its Otto unit, which it acquired last year.
Tesla Inc, which is working on self-driving technologies, plans to unveil a commercial truck called the Tesla Semi in September.
The Teamsters have opposed efforts by states to approve plans by logistics companies to use platooning technology that could reduce driver jobs by allowing a pack of trucks to be digitally connected and driven in formation.
Missouri Governor Eric Greitens approved a revised platooning measure this year that requires a driver in the cab of each truck. Their predecessor Jay Nixon vetoed platoon testing last year.
I'm lucky enough to get to land yet another Battle for Zendikar card, and it's a sweet one. I have always been of the opinion that Magic plays better when your lands do cool things, as you get to play more lands as a result. That means you get mana screwed less often, while the effects of the lands you play also help prevent mana flood, and the payoff is more good games. That also may lead you to think that I'm talking about another addition to the cycle of lands that turn into creatures, but that isn't exactly the case.
The card I get to show you today does interact with creatures, and even leads you to casting more of them (for multiple reasons), but it's a whole new thing, one that works in a very specific deck.
Take a look at this:
Ally Encampment [collapse]
Previews have already shown us that Allies are coming back, so it only makes sense that they'd have a camp to hang out in.
Ally Encampment does some very cool things, all of which a dedicated Ally deck is interested in:
It's a 5-color Ally land. That power should not be underestimated, as having good mana is key. Ally decks tend to be at least three colors, and often would like to play more, which Ally Encampment could make possible. Between this land, fetchlands from Khans, and the cycle of battle lands, Allies could assemble from every corner of the color pie (I guess pies don't technically have corners, but you get the idea). Allies is the kind of deck that needs to hit a critical mass, and having access to Allies of every color is going to help a ton with that. It lets you save your Allies from removal. When your opponent goes to kill an Ally, you can trade in your land instead, which lets you straight up turn lands into more spells. When your 5-color land also makes your long game better, you are getting a very good deal. It lets you return and re-trigger your Ally abilities. Tons of Allies trigger when you play an Ally, and you can use Ally Encampment even if your opponent isn't trying to kill your Allies. Paying a couple mana to let all your Allies go off again makes for more late-game power, and can help a deck that tends to need help when its hand is empty (more so than other decks, because it's so reliant on synergy).
There were Ally decks last time we visited Zendikar, but a truly strong alliance was never formed. Ally Encampment may change that this time around, and I like how much it supports a very cool theme.
LSV
Pin 85 Shares
Global Hotel Exchange, the new online travel agent (OTA) disruptive, announced Comfitel Group in the Russian Federation having signed on. Over the last weeks, GHX has garnered what amount to votes of confidence in their new hotel discovery channel.
According to the company's press, travelers will be able to find and book some of the world's finest hotels faster than easier than ever before when GHX launches.
“Comfitel Hotel Group takes special pride in presenting travelers to Russia with the main cultural and historical capital of the Federation – North Venice – Saint-Petersburg. With the great assistance of our new partner Global Hotel Exchange, now we have the possibility to announce globally the latest special bonuses and discounts for those who are looking to visit our city.”
The Comfitel Group news reflects not only Global Hotel Exchange's reach as an idea, but in part, the situation for hotels worldwide. Yulia Volvenkova, Comfitel's Sales and Marketing Coordinator, had this to say about the GHX deal:
Global Hotel Exchange, unlike the majority of online travel agencies (OTAs) charges absolutely no fees or commissions to hoteliers. On the consumer side of the service, travelers pay only a small, one time booking fee of $2.99, no matter how big the overall booking is (OTAs get commissions on the whole booking price). For that fee, users are put in direct contact with the hotel of their choice, no added or hidden fees are assessed, and the guest's credit card is not assessed holds etc.
The purpose of Global Hotel Exchange is to facilitate a direct dialogue between guests and hotels, GHX is as much an introduction service between customer and business, as it is a booking service. Once Comfitel or other members are introduced, the relationship is as it should have been all along. The hotel owns their guest, and the guest knows intimately their hotel of choice the old fashioned way, face-to.face.
Comfitel's offerings, like the stylish mini hotel in Nevsky Prospect, Comfitel Demidov Bridge (image above), are perfect choices for either family sightseeing excursions to St. Petersburg, or the overnight business layover. Anyone who has ever been to St. Petersburg readily understands the import of being so centrally located. Despite the city's grandiose historic and architectural attractions, the metropolis is a nightmare to travel around within. Comfitel's hotels put travelers in walking distance of most places.
Visitors to St. Petersburg can choose between the traditional style hotel's Comfitel offers, boutique economy accommodations, or the light and airy convenience of hotel stay like that of Prima Sport by the Hermitage (second from top). Extended stay or weekend getaway, even backpacker's respite, Comfitel offers a lot of value at the heart of Russia's showplace, St. Petersburg.
For more information about Comfitel, please visit the links provided. Alternatively, readers can visit Comfitel's Facebook pages, their Twitter feed.
Those interested in Global Hotel Exchange can visit their signup site via the links, or watch the video below to get an idea of the company's value offerings. GHX also maintains Facebook, Twitter, and g+ profiles as well.
By Dan Durkin-
(CBS) — It only took them 10 tries, but Bears defensive end Jared Allen got their first win at Soldier Field, against their former team nonetheless, in Chicago's 21-13 win against Minnesota.
Sunday was easily Allen's best performance since signing with the Bears this offseason. Allen regularly got the best of Vikings left tackle Matt Kalil, registering three hits and one quarterback sack.
“It's huge,” Allen said after the Bears improved to 4-6. “We needed it. It was time to get some confidence and get back on the right track. I thought we did a great job of playing team ball today.”
Bernstein: Bears still hard to enjoy
After playing back-to-back games against two future Hall-of-Famers — Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers — getting rookie Teddy Bridgewater was a necessary reprieve for a Bears defense that had allowed 106 points and 11 passing touchdowns in the past three games.
All game, Bridgewater was indecisive with their reads, dropping their eye level in the pocket and sometimes seeing ghosts in the pocket that led to errant passes. On the day, Bridgewater finished 18-for-28 for 158 yards one touchdown and a crucial interception in the end zone (picked by Ryan Mundy) that ended the game.
“We didn't do anything special,” Allen said. “We just played aggressive, and I really think we have to focus on doing that. I think, for starters, we were able to shut down the run game early and force them into throwing the ball. Our backfield did a heck of a job covering those guys. And, even when we didn't sack him, we had them off their spot, off their mark, moving in the pocket. We didn't allow them to get out and get comfortable. So, guys just played well off of each other today.”
Richard Dawkins opened their foot-shaped mouth again this weekend, suggesting that advocates for trigger warnings treat victims of rape and assault like children who need their teddy bears:
A university is not a "safe space". If you need a safe space, leave, go home, hug your teddy & suck your thumb until ready for university. — Richard Dawkins (@RichardDawkins) October 24, 2015
Rightfully, feminists like Jason Thibeault pointed out some of Dawkins inconsistencies:
https://twitter.com/lousycanuck/status/658312484156252161
https://twitter.com/lousycanuck/status/658312866139893760
Given Dawkins' history of support for projects like the Secular Safezone, their continued distaste for the syllabus equivalent of a TV discretionary warning is baffling. It's important to note that Dawkins did not pen the Secular Safezone articles on their site, as Dawkins rarely posts original content there (most of the site's content reads like the RSS feed version of a circle jerk). Maybe the Dawkins content-aggregation algorithm has posted some pro-trigger warning articles in the past! Let's go take a look. Hrrm… a quick search of their site for “trigger warning” returns not one, not two, but NINE articles by Jerry Coyne on the first results page.
Five of Coyne's pieces are expressly anti-trigger warning (two of them indicate trigger warnings will be the downfall of free speech), three of them glibly offer trigger warnings for “Long and detailed discussion of a genetics paper,” “snakes,” and “Greensleeves,” while another conflates GMO labels with trigger warnings. That Jerry Coyne is a real joker. Mental health is such a riot!
Dawkins is right about one thing: Secular Safezones have an important place, especially in areas where being non-religious (or not belonging to the majority religion) can lead to marginalization. But if they acknowledge that, how can they argue that same care isn't warranted for those coping with PTSD from rape, assault, or other trauma? Does Richard Dawkins think there isn't enough oppression to go around? That if they show compassion for victims of assault or rape, their pet cause won't get enough recognition? Or is the reality more damning? Maybe Richard Dawkins truly doesn't think rape is common or traumatic enough to necessitate a change in our education system. If that's the case, then this is nothing more than oppression olympics.
Many feminists acknowledge that we can't write off certain types of oppression, simply because they are less prevalent. Feminists like Stephanie Zvan have acknowledged that even white male atheists face some level of marginalization because of their lack of religion. Last year they wrote, “Mild forms of oppression are not the same as a lack of oppression. We know what microaggressions are. We understand how they affect access to spaces. That doesn't change when we're talking about atheists, even atheists who annoy us.”
Even if we accept Dawkins' premise that rape isn't common or traumatic enough to necessitate trigger warnings (and I don't), their argument falls apart when viewed in the context of their support for secular safe spaces. Dawkins claims to value intellectual rigor, and part of that rigor means demanding intellectual consistency. It is breathtakingly illogical to advocate for secular safe spaces while simultaneously demeaning safe spaces for those who don't fit your ideological narrative. In a society that constantly demeans people who push against the predominant cultural narrative, we should be focused on eliminating all types of marginalization – not just those that affect us personally.
Featured image by Dave Fayram.
BROOKVILLE, Ind. -- The Franklin County Courthouse lawn will be a public forum no more.
An ordinance passed by the Franklin County, Indiana Board of Commissioners removed the lawn's status as a designated public forum. That means displays and events by private citizens are no longer allowed there.
The new law comes the year after a group put up a "secular nativity display" featuring some of the U.S.'s founding fathers, Statue of Liberty and the Bill of Rights.
That group, Tri-State Freethinkers, put up the display on the lawn near a Christian nativity scene that has been a tradition at the courthouse for decades.
Tri-State Freethinkers were able to put their display up after another group, the Freedom From Religion Foundation, won a legal battle over their right for free expression. Jim Helton of Tri-State Freethinkers said they wanted to create a balance.
"That was the complaint all along," Helton said. "If you're going to offer one viewpoint, you have to offer all. And they were only allowing one Christian viewpoint."
Helton said they were happy with the decision to allow no displays.
"If you want to put up lights, trees, Santa Claus that are inclusive to everyone, we have no problem with that," Helton said.
Some Franklin County residents thought otherwise.
"I think it's definitely something we need to continue," Brookville resident Justin Moore said. "It says 'In God We Trust' on our money. What is a nativity? It's Jesus."
Brookville resident Joe Jester said they expect the displays will still go up on private property.
The traditional nativity at the courthouse is owned by the Brookville Town Council. They said they have plans to display the nativity on a private lot across the street from the courthouse.
2016-29 Policies & Procedures Ct House Lawn 10-3-16 by James on Scribd
The New York Yankees, Boston Red Sox and San Diego Padres are perceived by some baseball executives as the favorites to land Cuban free agent Yoan Moncada, reports Jon Heyman of CBSSports.com.
The Los Angeles Dodgers are also reportedly "lurking," while teams like the Milwaukee Brewers may also be interested in signing Moncada, a 19-year-old switch-hitter who defected from Cuba in August and became eligible for MLB free agency after establishing residency in Guatemala.
• Spring training previews: Storylines to follow in each division
Moncada's representatives have not offered comment beyond saying they would like a deal to be in place by the end of this month.
The Yankees have held three private workouts with Moncada, reports the New York Post. They held two on consecutive days this past week, with general partner Hank Steinbrenner in attendance on Thursday. Moncada reportedly faced live minor league pitching in both workouts.
• CORCORAN: MLB's new pace of play rules are sensible step forward
Moncada could receive as much as $30 million in signing bonuses during the current international signing period, which runs through June 15, or wait until the next signing period that begins two weeks later. Teams that have exceeded their intentional signing limits, like the Yankees and Dodgers, would owe a 100 percent tax on Moncada's salary should they sign him.
Moncada played second base, shortstop and center field during the 2013-14 Serie Nacional season, hitting .273 in 195 plate appearances.
- Mike Fiammetta
This morning I opened Facebook to an endless scroll through update after update despairing at what's unfolding since the British people voted to leave the EU last Thursday. As well as the anger, shock and disbelief there were, within half a brew's worth of scrolling, two posts that were more sinister. One, a report of racist attack in Birmingham, a brick thrown through a window into a room where two small children were watching television. The other incident saw a friend being asked if they spoke English. The response from their interrogators was "'Thank FUCK for that!" after which they "waited for me to high-five them or something."
These two incidents are, as even a cursory glance across social media reveals, far from isolated. Over the weekend, it's become abundantly clear that the referendum to leave the EU has unleashed what was surely a merely slightly-repressed torrent of English racism, xenophobia, intolerance and hate. Reports hate crime are up 57% since the vote. This is the visible manifestation of a misinformed search for scapegoats to blame for pressed wages and deteriorating living standards, the sense that the future doesn't look as bright as an imagined past. This is both repellent to human decency and politically troubling, for scapegoating minorities has always been a key building block of fascism and totalitarianism of all stripes.
We've long had a belief in England that fascism cannot happen here, that we're by and large a tolerant, liberal country. This is partly a myth created by the 1930s and 40s, when the Blackshirts were defeated on the streets of the East End and, as the national narrative has it, we "stood up" to Hitler to defeat Nazism. This of course neglects the inconvenient truth that Lord Halifax and various members of the Royal Family were ready to do a deal with Hitler in the bleak months of early 1940, meaning that fascism very nearly became institutionalised here.
Racism and fascism might be different things but they are always bedfellows. It's been hard not to get the feeling over the course of the referendum campaign, and since, that this country is heading in a very, very dark direction. Just look at Nigel Farage, a man whose schoolteachers suspected of having fascist tendencies, saying that Leave had been won "without a shot being fired". Not only is this revolting given the assassination of Jo Cox, it's not a huge leap to interpret the statement as evidence that alongside xenophobic nationalism there lurks in Nigel Farage's vile, unctuous imagination a hankering for violent change.
We think that we're immune from fascism because of our sense of humour, our disdain for the ridiculous - remember those newsreels of the goose-stepping Nazis sped up and reversed - but those were different times. If fascism reappears in Britain now it won't look like you expect it to. It might not come floating up the Thames on a flotilla of boats emblazoned with the Union Flag. It would likely come from a Farage with conviction, not an everyman but a leader, a Blair figure from the far right. Thankfully, there doesn't currently seem to be anyone who fits the bill on the horizon. Then again, perhaps 21st century British extremism could be fascism mutated into a new form, taking advantage of the weakness of our politicians to be an unfocussed state of mind that buffets a fool in the direction that it wants to go. With the economy in turmoil and both government and opposition failing to seize the initiative and demonstrate competent leadership, the immediate and long term future is up for grabs. I dread to think who might seize it.
With that in mind, what are we to do in response? What can The Quietus, a digital websheet devoted to music, do? Art has long been a powerful instrument for freedom, for attacking the status quo, for being the opposite to that for which Nigel Farage claimed the Brexit victory: "ordinary and decent". The best music is extraordinary and indecent, brave diverse, and that's what we will continue to celebrate. Extraordinary and indecent music does not exist in an aesthetic vacuum. It is shaped by and responds to the society that creates it, which is why as the mood in the United Kingdom turns dark we asked our writers and various musicians what their favourite anti-fascist - and anti-totalitarian - anthems are, interpreting those words however they saw fit. To enter the gallery click below. And please let us know what your favourite anti-fascist music is in the comment section below.
This feature has been built as a large gallery because all profits are going to The Jo Cox Fund
Manus Island detention centre inquiry on hold as solicitor unable to legally practice law
Posted
The human rights inquiry into the Manus Island detention centre remains on hold after it was revealed Papua New Guinea's public solicitor does not have a certificate to practice law.
The inquiry, initiated by Justice David Cannings, was set up to examine the conditions of asylum seekers at the Australian facility and whether any human rights have been breached.
But the PNG government halted it last Friday after it obtained a stay order from the supreme court.
The government is seeking leave to appeal against Justice Cannings' refusal to disqualify themselves from the inquiry over allegations of bias.
The matter returned to court today and public solicitor Frazer Pitpit sought an adjournment because they did not have a practicing certificate.
Asked by the judge why they had represented asylum seekers at the inquiry without a certificate, Mr Pitpit said: "Because the court directed me to appear."
They said they could not renew their certificate because they had not been able to get their office's trust account audited, which is a requirement under PNG law.
The matter has been adjourned to Monday.
Earlier this month Justice Cannings launched the inquiry to examine conditions at the detention centre.
They held a week of hearings and also allowed a handful of journalists to join them on their second visit to the detention centre, which is normally barred to media.
The ABC's Liam Fox was among the journalists allowed into the detention centre last week.
There were several broken glass panels in one of the dining rooms as well as bullet holes in the roof of an undercover area in the Mike compound.
Asylum seekers surrounded the journalists for much of the visit, chanting "Please help us" and "We want freedom".
The dormitories were tightly packed and some of the toilet and shower blocks were filthy.
One of the more confronting images witnessed by media was a plaque on one of the fences requesting that all security guards carry a Hoffman knife.
Members of the media were told that the knives were used to cut down people who tried to hang themselves.
Topics: refugees, immigration, law-crime-and-justice, government-and-politics, papua-new-guinea, asia
New project management articles published on the web during the week of December 21 – 27. We give you a high-level view so you can read what interests you. Recommended:
Must read!
Rich Maltzman reports on some notable progress in achieving a shift to sustainability, by multi-national corporations. Start 2016 with green eyes!
Matthew Heusser interviews Tara Nicholson on IT program and project management at Scripps Network, home of HGTV and other lifestyle media outlets. Ask This Old House is Agile?
Penelope Trunk summarizes research into negotiating strategies. Lots of links, so be prepared to Pocket them for later. You use Pocket, right?
Established Methods
Bruce Harpham interviews Joanne Hohenadel, senior project manager at University Health Network in Toronto. They won the 2015 PMI Award for Project Excellence – North America.
Dave Prior interviews Shane Hastie, John D. Cook, and Troy Magennis on a range of Agile and project management topics. Just 42 minutes, safe for work.
Wanda Curlee uses concentric circle diagrams to illustrate a portfolio management decision. Excellent – simple graphics that clearly show a complex comparison!
Glen Alleman: “Like value, waste is rarely defined by those performing the work. It's defined by those paying for the work.”
Jeff Collins provides executive-level input to the activity of reducing risk to projects.
Mark Lukens makes the case for incremental improvements as less destabilizing than huge, sweeping initiatives.
Robert Charette shares a lesson learned from pulling together a report on a decade's worth of failed projects: We don't do post-mortems very well.
Ryan Ogilvie uses an Indiana Jones metaphor to point out that root because analysis isn't all that's required to get to a solution.
Thomas Carney covers the state of the art in cross-browser testing.
Agile Methods
Dmitri Khanine continues their series on moving from gathering requirements to user experience engineering.
Mike Griffiths not only updated their PMI-ACP Exam Prep book, they updated the sample test questions. Here, they share 20 of them.
Johanna Rothman is asking for reader input before updating their book, “Manage Your Project Portfolio: Increase your capacity and finish more projects.”
Judith Mary Khan lists nearly two dozen things to not do when moving to Agile methods.
Vishal Venkatesan outlines how they scaled Agile at Spotify.
Renee, Tony, and Craig get together for a wide-ranging discussion on Agile in Australia, Etsy, Feedly, Sanjiv Augustine's new book, and much more. Just over an hour, safe for work.
Applied Leadership
Art Petty reminds us that results are not directly related to effort.
Seth Godin notes that exceptional results come from abandoning the need for the approval of our peers. Try not to think of Donald Trump when you read that …
Michael Lopp opens up the draft “Management Glossary” for the forthcoming third edition of Managing Humans.
Bertrand Duperrin opens a discussion of employee experience, the consumerization of worklife, engagement, and productivity. Yes, “the employee as a customer” is a thing.
Betcher Robert says that we can reduce the number of code defects by 50%, by holding developers and the business accountable.
Enjoy!
Share this: Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DES MOINES, Iowa — Former Des Moines pharmacist Mark Graziano was sentenced to prison in federal court Friday morning.
Graziano was sentenced to 24 months in prison and three years parole following their release.  They are also ordered to pay $557,000 in restitution to the IRS and the state.
"There's no question Mr. Graziano stood up in court and accepted responsibility. They convicted themselves with this guilty plea. They do accept responsibility for their wrongs and is looking to put this behind him," said Graziano's attorney, Guy Cook.
Court used range of 250,000-400,000 pills when determining sentence. Defense said below 200K, prosecution said between 400-699K pills. — Erik Wheater (@ErikWheaterWHO) February 20, 2015
With 18 federal charges looming, Graziano pleaded guilty in November to one count of conspiracy and one count of tax evasion. Under the conditions of the plea deal, Graziano faced 24-37 months in federal prison. A federal judge opted for 24 months, saying there was "no correctional benefit" in an additional 13 months.
"For anyone out there who is going to be responsible for putting prescription drugs on the streets illegally without a prescription, we're going to hold them responsible," said U.S. Attorney Nick Klinefeldt.
In 2012, Graziano's store Bauder's Pharmacy was raided and investigators determined more than 700,000 pain pills were missing. During sentencing, the court determined the actual number was likely between 250,000-400,000 pills with an estimated value of $250,000 dollars.
A deal reached in October to keep Bauder's open required Graziano to transfer ownership to their sister Kim Robertson, who is also a pharmacist. It also required a barrier to be built between the pharmacy and the rest of the store.
Graziano was not taken into custody today.
Their attorney, Guy Cook, says they will be given "a few weeks" to complete the transfer of Bauder's Pharmacy to their sister. They will likely report to the federal facility in Yankton, South Dakota where they must serve at least 85% of their sentence.
Hackney woman stalked by volunteer police officer slams cops
Stalker David Hoar. Pic credit: Kevin Dunnett, Central News. Central News
A woman whose life was ruined by a stalker who worked as a volunteer police officer has slammed the Met for “ignoring” their five-year ordeal - and they said they only found out their tormentor had appeared at court when they read about it in last week's Gazette.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
The 41-year-old victim, who wishes to remain anonymous, was stalked by David Hoar, of Smalley Close, Stoke Newington.
Prosecutors told Snaresbrook Crown Court that Hoar, who had previously been convicted of harassing the woman, scoured police databases for information about the Hackney woman.
It had been incorrectly claimed in court Hoar was a Police Community Support Officer but in fact they were a Special Constable.
The victim is furious Hoar was able to gain access to police information, and has demanded to know how vetting procedures failed to prevent the abuse of the system.
The mum-of-two, who was initially unaware Hoar had joined the Special Constabulary in Tower Hamlets, moved house in an attempt to evade him.
They said they repeatedly called Hackney police about their stalker, but believes they simply accessed their complaints to find out their new contact details.
"Hoar just walked into my life and ruined it," their victim said. "He'd hang around outside my house and job, and told people we were together - even though I've been with my partner for years.
"I moved, changed jobs and stopped going out with my friends.
"I'm on antidepressants, I'm not sleeping and I'm suffering from anxiety."
They said they first met Hoar was when they turned up on their doorstep one day claiming he'd known them at primary school, although they have no recollection of them back then.
Hoar, 41, pleaded guilty to an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and was due to be sentenced on August 29, but the judge wanted them to undergo a mental health assessment at a hospital first.
"I asked for help but was ignored - they asked for help and he's being assessed at a hospital," their victim said.
The woman expected to be called as a witness in the trial, but was livid to find out it had already taken place when they read last week's paper.
"I saw red," they told the Gazette. "The police should have told me when he'd be appearing, at least. I'll never put my faith in the police again."
They also slammed the force for taking so long to find out Hoar was one of their own, and said: "I became aware they were using police ID to get into events where I was. I thought he'd got it off the internet and reported them for impersonating a police officer. But one of my friends saw it and said 'I think it's real'.
"I told the police, but they kept ignoring me.
"It took them five months to realise they did actually work for them.
"When they told me I put the phone down and burst into tears - because he'd made me feel as though I was going mad."
The woman said she'd wanted to attend the trial for "closure" and to tell the court what Hoar had put them through.
 They are thinking about bringing a civil case against the police, they added.
A Hackney police spokesperson said: "After establishing whom the suspect was, Hoar was issued with a harassment warning on September 10, 2010, by an officer at Hackney.
"The Directorate of Professional Standards - the Met's internal complaints and anti-corruption department - and Hoar's supervisor at Tower Hamlets were informed of the outcome."
Hoar ceased to be a special constable in October 2010.
A Tower Hamlets police spokesperson was unable to respond to the Gazette's request for a comment before our deadline.
Share This Story Tweet Share Share Pin Email
Out of the public eye, but very much on its mind, Richard M. Nixon drove into the Coachella Valley unannounced.
The former California senator and president of the United States, who'd resigned office the previous month under the threat of impeachment, was looking for a place where they could to elude reporters on what they knew would be an important day in history.
Richard M. Nixon signed the Sunnylands guestbook on Sept. 8, 1974, the same day they were pardoned by their successor, President Gerald Ford.
(Photo: Courtesy of The Annenberg Foundation Trust at Sunnylands)
It was Sept. 8, 1974.
In a televised broadcast, President Gerald Ford told the nation that they would be pardoning their predecessor for any crimes connected to the Watergate Hotel break-in and cover-up. The decision to preemptively absolve Nixon was widely unpopular among the public and rocked the foundation of the rule of law.
There's no public record of what Nixon said on the day of their pardoning, but the guestbook they signed while entering Sunnylands, the estate of Walter and Leonore Annenberg in Rancho Mirage, offered a glimpse into their emotional state. “When you're down you find out who your real friends are,” they wrote. “We shall always be grateful for your kindness and your loyal friendships.”
Time and again, over the course of four decades, Nixon returned to Coachella Valley as a means of escape, following in the footsteps of President Dwight D. Eisenhower and setting an example of their own for future presidents. In a memoir, Nixon remembered how Walter Annenberg attempted to lift the former president's spirits during those post-White House days with a simple reminder that “life is 99 rounds.”
Nixon took 13 documented trips to Coachella Valley between 1950, when they attended a California Newspaper Publishers Association cocktail party, and 1992, when they privately addressed a group of top GOP strategists in Indian Wells. During those intervening years, they would visit with former President Eisenhower, Palm Springs pioneer Frank Bogert and others.
CLOSE A history of U.S. Presidents in the Coachella Valley. (Oct. 7, 2017) Richard Lui/The Desert Sun
Occasionally, Nixon's presence was felt even when they aren't physically in the area. In 1971, for instance, they served as honorary chairperson of a fundraiser in Beverly Hills that raised $2 million for the Eisenhower Medical Center in Palm Desert.
More often than not, though, their connection to the desert was the Annenbergs.
Jack Brennan, a part-time Cathedral City resident who served as Nixon's top aide after they left the White House, remembered how Nixon would completely turn over their schedule to Walter Annenberg while staying on the estate, sometimes to humorous effect.
One night, Brennan recalled, they were in the cocktail room and Annenberg casually mentioned that Frank Sinatra had called: “‘He wanted to cook pasta for you and Jack, and I told them you weren't interested.'”
“We both wanted to kill him,” Brennan said.
President Richard M. Nixon in the midst of a crowd in Palm Springs c. 1968.
(Photo: Palm Springs Historical Society/Special to the Desert Sun)
Nixon enjoyed their time at Sunnylands so much that they chose the site for their first social appearance after leaving the White House in February 1975. They stayed at the estate for five days. The day before they left to return to their San Clemente villa, three of their former aides were sentenced to jail over their role in Watergate.
The press wasn't allowed to get near Nixon, but Bob Hope later described the mood of the event to The Desert Sun. “It was a very sentimental evening,” they said. “Considering everything, the circumstances and all, I think everything went pretty well.”
The mid-1970s have been characterized as a period of self-imposed silence for Nixon. Brian Ellis, a Melvyn's maître d' who got their start in 1975, remembered the former president visiting the Palm Springs restaurant on at least two occasions, both of which were quiet affairs. It was clear to them that the former president just wanted to be left alone.
Their biographer, Jonathan Aitken, once wrote: “He bore more than a passing resemblance to Napoleon at Elba, with the added integrity of being desperately short of money.”
In 1977, Nixon agreed to a long series of interviews with the British journalist David Frost in exchange for $600,000, and it was Brennan – portrayed in the 2008 film “Frost/Nixon” by Kevin Bacon – who helped broker both the television event and its most memorable moment. After their insistence, Nixon apologized for putting the country through the Watergate scandal without taking personal responsibility for it. Everyone on set got what they wanted.
“It made Frost look like a hero and they made a lot of money,” Brennan said. “And Nixon got to say what they wanted to say.”
President Richard M. Nixon arriving at Walter and Lenore Annenberg's home at Sunnlylands on their birthday January 9, 1974.
(Photo: Palm Springs Historical Society/Special to the Desert Sun)
Nixon took the opportunity to re-enter public life. They left Southern California and appeared more confident to speak their mind, even critically. Their trips to the Coachella Valley were less frequent, and in at least one interview, they expressed some animosity toward the place.
“To me, one of the most boring things to do is go to Palm Springs or Palm Beach or Newport and see the so-called beautiful people with their inherited money, and some have earned it, showing off their gowns and their furs and their diamonds and their jewelry and talking of nothing but money and food and houses and sometimes a little sex. But it's a bore,” they told CBS's “60 Minutes” in 1984.
Nixon spent the remaining years of their life mostly on the East Coast while writing books.
When they died in 1994 at the age of 81, Ford called a press conference to praise the man he'd pardoned 20 years earlier. Nixon's legacy, Ford said, was greater than Watergate, and they cited among Nixon's accomplishments the opening of diplomatic relations with China.
Ford spoke these words from Rancho Mirage, where they lived.
Russian Optics Theory
The Russian Optics Theory, also known as the Russian Optics Conspiracy, Russian Lens Hypothesis, or Samuel's Leak, and commonly abbreviated to ROT, ROC, or RLH, is a proposed explanation for the apparent instances of the slightly larger version of Luke Skywalker in the original Star Wars trilogy.
The Leak
Allegedly, the satellite carrying the experimental optics was a Zenit much like this one.
On or around June 23rd, 1998, a man who chose to identify only as "Samuel" first showed up in a Bigger Luke IRC chat. After partaking in rather run-of-the-mill discussions pertaining to Mark Hamill's alleged slightly larger double, Samuel began to claim they had worked for the CIA. They stated that they had important and vital information pertaining to the Bigger Luke hypothesis.
They claimed that in the early 1970's the CIA had acquired a set of experimental lenses from the re-entry capsule of a Russian "Zenit"-type recon satellite, believed to have been recovered from off the coast of Guam. The lenses were apparently designed to magnify images to such an extent that they could take extremely detailed and high-resolution photographs of American military bases. The way they were manufactured was kept secret, yet apparently utilized an advanced, theoretically untested technology that was never used before.
A Panavision PSR 35mm, the camera that filmed Star Wars: A New Hope.
Samuel claimed that samples of these lenses were modified and intentionally swapped with the regular lenses of the Panavision PSR 35mm camera that was being used to film A New Hope. They also claimed that they could not determine whether or not the crew working on A New Hope was aware of this, but they believed it was unlikely most of them knew. If any of them knew, they claimed it was likely they were sworn to secrecy.
Samuel alleged that the lenses didn't function as they were intended - instead having the remarkably unique property of making certain things in the frame appear slightly larger whilst not effecting the rest of the objects in the frame. As such, the project was most likely scrapped by the USSR, as it did not produce the intended results, let alone results that could feasibly prove useful for any application. It was presumably never declassified, and Samuel claimed all remaining lenses were destroyed by the Soviet Union.
The reason the CIA decided to use the first Star Wars film as a testbed for the recovered Soviet lenses was never divulged by Samuel, as they claimed they were unaware of why.
Analysis
Samuel periodically re-appeared on the IRC chat for about a week, answering questions before disappearing, stating they didn't want the CIA or FBI to track him. They only appeared once more about three years later, during the winter of 2001. A Bigger Luke theorist participated in an email exchange with Samuel - during this exchange, Samuel continued to defend their initial claims, as well as answer a few additional questions. One of the questions asked of them was if the Russian optics were used in The Empire Strikes Back or Return of the Jedi, to which they claimed they did not know, as the documents they alleged only specified A New Hope, then just called Star Wars.
This would imply the possibility that, if Samuel's claims are true, instances of Bigger Luke in The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi may have different explanations.
Criticism
The vast majority of Bigger Luke theorists consider Samuel's Leak to be an elaborate hoax, citing the general absurdity of it, and question whether it would even be possible to create a non-electronically assisted lens that could magnify only certain objects in a frame. Furthermore, if it is to be assumed that Samuel's story is not a farce, why did the camera only enlarge Luke? What criteria determines what is enlarged by these alleged miracle lenses? Was Luke enlarged deliberately by a member of the camera crew? Was it done discretely? What was this lone crewmember's motivation?
Criticisms were also aimed at Samuel's general lack of empirical evidence, as they provided no proof of their endeavors as a CIA agent, let alone direct proof that they uncovered any documents.
Legacy
Samuel's Leak has a major place in the subculture of the Bigger Luke community, as well as signifying the unofficial end of the Old Era. It is generally referenced ironically amongst Bigger Luke theorists, and there is no record of anyone truly believing Samuel's story.
Toronto's cost-conscious budget chair wants homeowners to shell out a little bit more to help a handful of city progams, but is warning he'll resign their post if councillors try to open the floodgates on additional spending.
Councillor Mike Del Grande proposed just over $1-million in extra spending Monday on a range of programs – a move that would bump residential tax rates for 2013 up 2 per cent from the 1.95 per cent proposed by staff. The added revenue would add about $1.25 to a average tax bill, they said.
Mr. Del Grande wants to use that money to boost spending for student nutrition programs, priority centres and community partnership grants. Toronto Botanical Gardens would get a one-time grant of $75,000 to help it while it develops a long-term funding plan and local lawn bowling clubs would get $30,000 told help them while they evaluate their viability.
Story continues below advertisement
The changes also include a review of arts funding and the use of revenue from the city's billboard tax.
Even as they introduced the changes, Mr. Del Grande cautioned councillors not to see their move as permission to turn on the spending taps.
"If at the end of the day council wants to blow 5, 10, 20, 50-million dollars that's them," they told reporters. "I tell you guaranteed – guaranteed – they won't have me as budget chair. I have no interest under that scenario."
Mr. Del Grande said this is especially the case since the city held the line on police spending, with the police services board refusing to give Chief Bill Blair the extra $21-million in funding they requested.
"We got a great gift from the police to basically forgo $21-million of their budget and I would not feel very comfortable for councillors to come forward and spend $20-million. I think that would send a very grave and concerning message to the police board." they said.
Also Monday, staff reported the results of the latest current value assessment, which shows the value of residential properties rising faster than commercial or industrial sites. That and a policy to shift the tax burden from business to residential means the average residential rate is expected to increase by 2.51 per cent.
That increase works out to an extra $62.08 on the average homeowner's tax bill for 2013.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
City staff also reported assessment growth will bring an additional $33-million to the city, up from an earlier estimate of $27-million. The city manager recommended that that money be used in place of one-time funding from rainy-day funds, meaning the city will now use about $40-million from reserves to balance its budget, instead of more than $46-million.
Proponents of taxpayer-funded “democracy vouchers” and Initiative 122 declared they would “get big money out of politics” in Seattle. It doesn't quite look that way as we approach the Aug. 1 primary election.
After Seattle voters approved first-in-the-nation taxpayer-funded “democracy vouchers” for city candidates, Honest Elections Seattle declared that the program launched this year would “get big money out of politics.”
No question, Initiative 122 did create a pool of vouchers for candidates who agreed to certain limits, lowered the maximum contribution to candidates to $500, and barred contractors from writing checks to city candidates.
But “get the big money out”?
Adding up the vouchers Four Seattle candidates qualified for democracy vouchers as of July 28: City Attorney Pete Holmes and City Council Position 8 candidates Hisam Goueli, Jon Grant and Teresa Mosqueda. Goueli: 591 vouchers worth $14,775 Grant: 6,000 vouchers worth $150,000 Mosqueda: 4,193 vouchers worth $104,825 Holmes: 1,842 vouchers worth $46,050 Source: Seattle Ethics and Elections Commission
Amazon dumped $250,000 into the political action committee (PAC) of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce this month, part of the $667,728 the PAC has amassed in advance of Tuesday's primary election.
Unlike candidates, PACs can collect unlimited amounts. And 50 corporations, business groups and individuals account for the vast majority of the chamber's political arsenal.
The PAC has already started spending on newspaper and social-media ads through so-called independent expenditure (IE) campaigns in City Council and mayoral races. Those IE campaigns can't coordinate with candidates — and they don't face spending caps like candidates who take democracy vouchers.
Alan Durning, who helped author I-122, said he's pleased with how it's working so far on its “shakedown cruise” in City Council races, which for the primary means Positions 8 and 9. It has helped a couple of candidates compete with well-funded rivals, said Durning, executive director of the nonprofit Sightline Institute.
As for the chamber's bulging kitty, Durning said they don't think it has much to do with the four $25 vouchers sent to every registered voter in Seattle. They see it as part of a national trend in elections flowing from a 2010 U.S. Supreme Court decision barring restrictions on independent political expenditures by corporations, unions and other groups.
Bob Mahon, a former chairperson of the watchdog Seattle Ethics and Elections Commission, disagrees. Mahon said it's not likely money will be squeezed out of politics by I-122, “but will be driven to less transparent forms of expenditures including IEs.”
There isn't enough evidence to show democracy vouchers are causing this, Mahon said. But there is a correlation developing, they said, that increased IEs are occurring after limits were lowered on contributions to candidates. The chamber PAC already has raised more than it did for the 2013 and 2015 city elections combined.
There's another issue: Just three of 15 City Council candidates have qualified for vouchers at this point — all in Position 8 — and not all are happy about the hurdles they've faced.
As of Friday, less than 1 percent of the 2.1 million vouchers mailed to voters have been available for use by candidates. To qualify, they had to collect contributions from 400 Seattle residents whose signatures have been verified by elections officials.
Vouchers aren't being used in this year's mayoral election. Proponents wanted to allow time for voucher funds, infused with $3 million a year in property taxes, to stockpile and give them a trial run before applying the experiment to the city's highest office, Durning said.
The cash “double-dip”
Vouchers and IEs have been most prominent in the primary for City Council Position 8.
Moneywise, three candidates stand out in a deep field (the top two vote-getters on Tuesday, as in all primary races, advance to the Nov. 7 general election).
Jon Grant, an affordable-housing activist, set out in the winter to start gathering vouchers. Grant accumulated the maximum amount in voucher-contributions, $150,000, allowed in the primary under the agreed-upon spending cap.
Teresa Mosqueda, a labor-movement leader, was the second council candidate to qualify. As of Friday, Mosqueda had $104,825 in vouchers.
Sara Nelson, a business owner and former City Council aide, chose not to use vouchers, so they are not tied to a spending cap or lower maximum contributions ($250 as opposed to $500).
Nelson has received $130,335 in contributions, with nearly half coming from $500-maximum contributions.
An IE campaign supporting her, People for Sara Nelson, has reported $120,696 in contributions and spending obligations. The chief donors are the chamber's PAC — whose biggest contributors are Amazon, Vulcan and developer Richard Hedreen — and a hotel and restaurant group, Seattle Hospitality for Progress.
Under I-122 rules, when the IE backing Nelson and their own campaign contributions exceeded the primary spending cap that Grant and Mosqueda had agreed to, it triggered a sort of fairness doctrine: Those two were then free to collect and spend contributions above the cap.
During the 2015 campaign for democracy vouchers, critics including Mahon predicted I-122 would lead to such a “double-dip” with candidates raising the full amount of vouchers, then opting out of spending caps and raising unlimited additional campaign cash.
Two labor-funded IEs popped up to support Mosqueda. One has $108,519 in contributions and spending obligations. The other has spent $9,882 for Mosqueda.
Grant is backed by an IE called Affordable Seattle that has reported spending $1,627. Its top contribution has come as in-kind labor from the Socialist Alternative organization.
Although outnumbered on the IE front, Grant remains one of the best-funded candidates, said their campaign manager John Wyble. “That wouldn't have happened before vouchers,” Wyble said. When Grant ran for council in 2015, losing to incumbent Tim Burgess, they raised less than $75,000 through the November election.
“Democracy vouchers aim to give candidates a path to a competitive campaign for city office without spending half their time dialing for dollars,” Durning said. “It doesn't try to create a level playing field where they'll have the exact same support as everyone else. And on that criterion I'd say it has succeeded.”
Bar set too high?
It's worth questioning, though, Durning said, whether the bar to qualify for vouchers is too high.
Hisam Goueli seems to be the kind of candidate democracy-voucher proponents were thinking about when they said in the 2015 Voters' Pamphlet that I-122 would encourage “more women, people of color and young people to run for office.”
Goueli, 39, says they would be the first openly gay Muslim elected to office in the U.S. if they won their bid for council Position 8. They were the candidate closest, but still short of qualifying for democracy vouchers on Friday morning when they said they stood two short of the 400 qualifying contributions and signatures.
As time to use vouchers in the primary was running out, Goueli was waiting for city officials to verify more signatures with King County Elections, a process that takes about two weeks, according to the Seattle Ethics and Elections Commission.
Their experience with democracy vouchers has been “tragic and heartbreaking,” they said.
Goueli, a doctor, said they could've financed their campaign with contributions from medical-profession friends outside Seattle and Washington. But they opted for democracy vouchers instead.
They said collecting signatures for their Seattle contributors took an “exorbitant” amount of time. “It's the opposite of how democracy vouchers are supposed to work,” they said. “Instead of getting my message out, I'm trying to get democracy vouchers.”
Late Friday afternoon Goueli received an email from the city elections commission saying, “You are in!” They would get $14,775 in vouchers they had collected.
The news was bittersweet. They would have almost no time to use their vouchers to reach voters, many of whom had already marked their mail-in ballots by that time.
They said they think qualifying signatures should not have to come from contributors. Rather, the two processes should be separate, with signature gathering not requiring a financial commitment.
“If you don't have a machine backing you it's very difficult to do,” they said of qualifying.
But the voucher rules require signatures from contributors as a safeguard against fraud, which occurred in Portland's public-financing system when a volunteer forged qualifying signatures for a City Council candidate.
The city elections commission is empowered to change elements of the voucher program between election cycles, Durning said.
Durning said their biggest fear about democracy vouchers is that IEs would try to push vouchers to favored candidates. “If the American Plastic Manufacturers Association wanted to come in and set up a door-to-door canvass to overturn our plastic-bag fee, legally they could do that, and urge people to give vouchers to candidates they want,” they said.
“I regard this year as something of a relief because we haven't had anyone try to subvert the system,” they said.
At least not yet.
“It's too early to tell,” said Wayne Barnett, executive director of the city elections commission, about the overall impact of vouchers and I-122. “We haven't had a single vote counted in an election where democracy vouchers have been used.”
Prince of Modes: Latour's Later Philosophy April 22, 2013
That's the title of my sequel to Prince of Networks, which re.press (home of the earlier book) has just agreed to published. I've really enjoyed working with them, and it's still my best-selling book despite being available free of charge as a PDF on the re.press website. I wanted the sequel to be living in the same home. The center of this book will be Latour's massive new modes of existence project, though I plan to cover the Gifford Lectures and maybe a few other things, and some attention will need to be given to the philosophy of Étienne Souriau.
This does mean that I'll be working on 3 books simultaneously (this one, the Latour's politics book, and the one on continental epistemism) during sabbatical. But at the risk of this sounding like an affectation, I find it much easier to work on multiple books simultaneously rather than one at a time, and will be doing it that way from here on out.
It's the best antidote to writer's block, since you can always turn to another project if one of them is feeling stale. And though I haven't had writer's block in awhile, I had it badly enough in my 20's that I don't care to go anywhere near it again. Most of the smart people who fail in intellectual life fail because they can't get written work done, and while the fate of most such people is merely self-destructive depression, some of them develop personality-wise in ways that verge on the evil. Avoid that path at all costs, even if you have to break with a whole group of associates to do it. Getting projects done has to become something like a religion for you.
A prominent author recently passed through our campus (I admire their books very much) and we were trading writing strategy anecdotes. In response to my claim that it's easier to write 3 books at a time than just 1, they asked how I prevent the projects from blending too much together. I didn't really have a good answer at the time. But after thinking it over, decided that the whole point is to have some blending. The projects tend to inspire each other.
And in the case of the present 3 book contracts: the two Latour books are on partially overlapping but different themes, while the epistemism project is centered in Žižek and Badiou, though Meillassoux's remarks in Berlin last year were really the inspiration for it.
BRAINTREE, MA (WHDH) - Police in Braintree are hoping to convey this simple message to high school seniors in the city: “Park between the white lines. Not across.”
As part of a senior prank Friday, students decided to park across the spaces outside the school instead of in them to apparently teach juniors a lesson for parking on their turf, the police department said in a Facebook post.
“We take parking lot turf wars very seriously,” police said.
Police said officers issued tickets to 65 “Senyas” for parking improperly.
“We ‘the Po Po,' are in turn teaching 65 of you a lesson. Ps: Those are not free ice cream cone coupons to Daddy's Dairy. Thank you for raising $975 for the town,” police sarcastically said.
(Copyright (c) 2019 Sunbeam Television. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
The following is a guest post from Dr. Will Jennings, Senior Lecturer in Politics at the University of Southampton. A modified version is cross-posted on the Politics Upside Down blog.
Happy holidays from The Monkey Cage!
*****
A question that has been sadly neglected by political scientists is Santa Claus' partisan sympathies. We know a little, however, about whether Santa is seen as being on the left or the right of the political spectrum, or whether they transcend the partisan divide. In a Zogby poll of 1,043 adults in the US (in December 2001), respondents were asked:
In your opinion if Santa Claus was a registered voter, what political party would they most likely support?
Some 26% thought Santa would be a Democrat supporter (perhaps reflecting their ties to to social welfare), while just 15% thought Santa would be a Republican (keeping in mind Santa only brings presents for children have been good each year, suggesting a strict social conservatism behind their charitable facade). Far more, 43%, thought Sanda would be an independent, standing above the partisan rancour of politics (with some 16% unsure). We still don't know, however, whether Santa's schedule for this year includes a stop-off in Congress to solve the partisan impasse over the ‘fiscal cliff', with hard-line elements of the Republican Party stubbornly refusing a compromise.
Santa has sadly not been immune to the growing polarization of US politics in recent years. In December 1998, Fox News/Opinion Dynamics asked a similar question “Do you think Santa Claus would be a Republican, a Democrat, or an Independent?”. In contrast, just 9% of people thought Santa would be a Democrat and 6% a Republican, with 62% suggesting they would be an independent. In just three years a quarter of the US public had taken a more polarized stance on poor Santa. It is only a matter of time before polarization occurs in judging who has been naughty and who has been nice.
BRUSSELS -- Two people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning attacks in Brussels during the holidays, the federal prosecutor's office said Tuesday.
The investigation revealed "the threat of serious attacks that would target several emblematic places in Brussels and be committed during the end-of-year holidays," the prosecutor's office said.
The two suspects were arrested following searches Sunday and Monday in the Brussels area, the Liege region and Flemish Brabant, the office said. The announcement did not say whether the suspects were male or female.
One was charged with acting as the leader and recruiter of a terrorist group planning to commit terrorist offenses, the other with participating in a terrorist group's activities as a principal actor or co-actor, the prosecutor's office said.
During the searches, military-type uniforms, propaganda materials from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and computer materials were seized and were being examined. However, no weapons or explosives were found, the prosecutor's office said.
Six people were taken in for questioning, but four were released, the office said.
Search for Paris attack suspects continues in Belgium
The prosecutor's office said no additional details would be made public, but that the probe was not connected to the Nov. 13 attacks in Paris, in which numerous suspects, including presumed ringleader Abdelhamid Abaaoud and fugitive Salah Abdeslam, had connections to Belgium.
On Nov. 21, after the Paris attacks that killed 130 and injured hundreds, the terrorist alert level for all of the Belgian capital was temporarily raised to its maximum level.
TL;DR
v1.0.2 release-candidate will be out in the next 2 weeks or so, featuring over 230 commits of small bugfixes and stability enhancements
v1.1.0 is partially complete, featuring major upgrades such as instant wallet unlocking and faster, more stable uploads+downloads. Target date for first release candidate is late October.
Sia-Ant-Farm beta has been released. Sia-Ant-Farm is essentially a mini-testnet that makes it easier to test Sia and to test third party apps that require Sia
An infographic bounty has been created to encourage the creation of infographics that explain Sia
There will be another community roundtable coming in the next few weeks. Exact time, date, and format to be announced by next week.
A specific forum thread + eventually sia.tech webpage will be created that's dedicated to third party apps. Getting featured is as simple as making a post announcing yourself and what you are working on.
We recently closed a fundraising round where we raised $750,000. (more here)
We will be hiring a 'Head of Growth' to work with us to expand our user community, our developer community, and our enterprise relations
Development
v1.0.2
We're in the middle of a very heavy development cycle right now, and have not released anything in a while. There have been 230 commits to the master branch since releasing 1.0.1, including commits which:
improve the API docs
improve testing + logging (lots of changes here)
fixed race conditions
fixed many networking performance issues
large improvements to clean shutdown (will fix some corruption issues, especially for Windows users)
fixed a handful of security issues in the peer-to-peer code
fixed some occasional problems with upnp
a large number of other tweaks and improvements
A lot of these do not dramatically change the user experience in direct ways, but overall it should mean fewer hiccups, less confusing situations, and a smoother overall experience. We're aiming to make a release candidate for v1.0.2 with all of these small fixes in the next two weeks. The release will be made after we are satisfied that the release-candidate is performing well.
v1.1.0
Among the small fixes, we've also been working on some major upgrades. These upgrades will have a more direct and dramatic impact on user-experience, however many of them are still in progress and will need to undergo more serious testing before release. The major updates are ones that I know the community is looking forward to, however they will need to wait until v1.1.0 before we can give them to the community:
Instant wallet unlocking
Do not need to restart siad after loading new wallets, addresses, or seeds
after loading new wallets, addresses, or seeds Wallet will find all money associated with a seed (currently does not always find all the money)
significant host performance+stability issues resolved via a complete rewrite of the datastore.
need to run siad as admin on Windows removed
At this point it's too early to be certain, but I believe that v1.1.0 will see substantial upload speed improvements. The new testing framework (Sia-Ant-Farm) we have has made it very easy for us to replicate the slowdowns and instability we've been seeing on the Sia network. The Ant-Farm has only been ready to be applied to testing for the past week or so, so we have not actually had time yet to dive into all of the problems. That will be happening over the next week or two. Some of the fixes are likely to make it into v1.0.2, which means v1.0.2 will also see increased upload speed + stability.
v1.1.0 is currently targeted for late November 2016. We hope to have a release-candidate out in late October.
Sia-Ant-Farm beta
One of the projects we've been working on is Sia-Ant-Farm, which is a new testing framework for Sia. It allows you to spin up a bunch of little Sia nodes ('ants') in a testing environment with fast block times (12 seconds) and other testing-optimized settings. Then you can assign user stories to each ant, such as 'renter' or 'host'. Some user stories are compatible, which means that one ant can run multiple of them.
The ants run actual, separate siad instances which all have open api ports, rpc ports, and host ports, just like normal siad instances. This means that you can spin up an antfarm with say, 5 hosts, and then point a third party program like Sia-Cluster or Minebox at it for testing. The ant-farm is essentially a disposable test network that takes about 5 minutes to initialize. Blocks are every 12 seconds, meaning you can test at a much faster (and cheaper!) pace than interacting with the full network, while still experiencing semi-realistic network conditions.
For our purposes, the conditions have been more than realistic enough to chase out an enormous number of small bugs. We had envisioned building the antfarm within about a week, however it ended up taking almost 4. Most of the delays were due to bugs in siad that made it so that the antfarm either didn't work at all or performed very inconsistently. This means that the antfarm is doing its job! We fixed a huge number of bugs in siad and even in dependencies like go-upnp in our quest to get the antfarm working. Everyone should benefit from these upgrades.
User stories on the antfarm are jobs which perform infrequent actions, and then report errors (via logging) if anything goes wrong. For example, the renter user story creates some contracts, and then every few minutes it uploads a 500MB file to the network. Every few minutes it also downloads a random file, and deletes a random file (total number of files never gets much higher than 10). If at any point an upload fails, a download fails, or a delete operation fails, the renter will complain, telling us that siad has a bug.
The antfarm is in the early stages of development, and only currently has 4 simple user stories (gateway, miner, renter, host). As we get these user stories working better (the renter currently complains a lot) we will add more complex and resource-heavy user stories. We will also add support for multiple versions, meaning you can spin up an antfarm that's running a handful of user stories as v1.0.0, as v1.0.1, and on the new code. You could create user stories that start life as v1.0.0, exist for a while, and then perform an upgrade to v1.1.0 (once it's ready for testing) to check that the upgrade did not introduce any corruption or other problems.
The antfarm right now will only work on a single local machine, but it's been designed in a way that will make it easy for us to upgrade it to work across multiple machines. We envision a testing process that involves us running an antfarm with ants on 4-8 machines, including Windows machines and Mac machines, where each machine is running a handful of user stories and churning out any errors that are occurring on our mini-network. Such a setup should take us between 5 and 20 minutes to set up (once support is added), meaning it's very fast for us to try out changes and bugfixes.
We plan on making heavy use of the antfarm before releasing v1.1.0. As stated above, the antfarm has already been highly effective in highlighting bugs in ways that make it very easy for us to fix them. I believe that the antfarm will make a huge difference in stability for our future releases.
Community
The Forum
Though the forum has seen stagnation, we've continued to see growth on our Slack, some weeks gaining as many as 40 users. We're seeing a lot of repeat questions in #general, #bugs, and #help, and if possible I would like to direct those users to post on the forum. Questions that get answered on the forum can be more easily found (using Google for example) by other users, and also makes answers available to users who do not think it's worth going through the trouble of making a Slack account.
The stagnation is at least partially our fault, as there are numerous threads in both the help section and the general section where nobody has responded. We will be making an effort this week to go through the threads and answer those questions, even if the responses are a bit late. It would be great if other community members could also help out in answering questions and replying to threads.
Infographic Bounties
A lot of people have been asking for infographics or other documents on how Sia works. We have a lot of information in the interesting threads post, however it mostly comes in the form of a wall-of-text.
I've decided to create a bounty for infographics that can help users more easily navigate and understand Sia. The infographic should be a .png, .jpg, or .gif that takes less than 5 minutes to read and comprehend. Each infographic should link to more information about Sia. If you aren't completely certain which information is best to link to, linking to the interesting threads is a good fallback.
We will be awarding between 50,000 and 250,000 SC per infographic depending on quality, accuracy, and relevance. This is not a contest - all infographics which are of moderate quality are eligible for the bounty. There is currently no limit on the number of infographics which can receive a bounty, as long as people continue to create relevant, helpful, quality infographics we will continue passing out bounties.
To get the bounty, please post your infographic to the 'Help' section on this forum, post it to /r/siacoin, and in the 'Help' forum provide an address that you would like us to use for awarding the bounty.
Community Roundtable
It's been a while since we've had a session dedicated to open discussion with the community. Our last one took the form of an AMA on reddit a few months ago. In the coming weeks, we will be hosting another community roundtable where all the developers will be online answering questions or otherwise encouraging discussion. We will probably do it in the form of another AMA thread.
If you have suggestions for a format that you would like, please respond to this post with them. The most important thing about the roundtable is that it is accessible to everyone - everyone feels like they are able to ask questions and receive answers, or otherwise are able to engage with the Sia team. It's a big bonus if the content can be viewed later.
Project Highlights
There are a number of third-party projects in the Sia ecosystem. To name a few, there's SiaPulse, SiaCluster, gominer, among others. We would like to give all of our third party devs a chance to highlight what they are working on in our community, as well as give our community members a better view of what all exists within the Sia ecosystem.
We've created the apps section of our forum to discuss sia-related apps. A long list of apps is kept in this thread. We will also be updating the website to feature apps in our ecosystem more promiently.
Business
Successful Fundraise
We recently closed a fundraising round where we raised $750,000. (more here) The funding is all venture capital, and includes Boston investors as well as Chinese investors. The money is currently allocated primarily towards developer salaries, marketing, legal expenses, and a small chest of emergency money in case something sour happens.
Head of Growth Hire
We will be hiring a 'Head of Growth' to work with us to expand our user community, our developer community, and our enterprise relations. At this point we have two strong candidates, and if all goes well we will be able to announce our decision for who will fill this position in the next few weeks. Stay tuned :)
Going into this week, Democratic candidates had already out-performed Hillary Clinton “in 27 out of 35 congressional and state-legislative special elections” held so far this year. Yesterday, as Politico noted, the Dems' hot streak continued.
In a special Florida Senate election where President Donald Trump was a drag, a Republican state House member who was once a contestant on “The Apprentice” lost to Democrat Annette Taddeo, bolstering the minority party's hopes that it can win close elections after an embarrassing November loss statewide. Though Taddeo's victory over state Rep. Jose Felix Diaz in the Miami-area swing district won't change control of the state Senate – where the GOP holds 24 of 40 seats – it gives the once-dispirited party a badly needed lift heading into the 2018 elections.
If Taddeo's name sounds familiar, it may have something to do with the fact that they were one of the victims of Russia's attack last year on the DCCC.
Also last night, a Democratic state House candidate in New Hampshire narrowly won a race in a district where Republicans enjoy a two-to-one registration advantage. It's also a district where Donald Trump won easily last year.
According to a tally from the Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee, which focuses on Democratic state legislative races, the party has now flipped eight seats this year from “red” to “blue” – three in Oklahoma, three in New Hampshire, and one each in New York and Florida – on top of a series of other victories.
To be sure, the Republican advantage in state legislatures is still considerable, but so far in the Trump era, it's shrinking.
As we discussed a few weeks ago, the typical response from GOP partisans is to focus on the congressional special elections, where Republican candidates have had far more success this year.
It's a fair point, but I'm still inclined to disagree. There have been five congressional special elections so far this year, and Republicans have won four of them (Donald Trump has repeatedly said the GOP went “five for five,” but that's demonstrably wrong.) And while losing is certainly worse than winning for a party, I continue to take a different lesson from those four races: in each of these contests, Democrats ran first-time candidates in ruby-red districts, and in every instance, these Dems exceeded expectations and forced Republicans to scramble to secure narrow victories.
Those are results that should bring the GOP anxiety, not comfort.
It's still very early, and a lot can (and will) happen between now and next year's midterms, but all things considered, Democrats have reason to feel some optimism from the results from this year's special elections.
We posted earlier about John Dorsey's dismay with this year's crop of draft-eligible quarterbacks, but the new Kansas City Chiefs general manager left no doubt about who knocked their socks off one year ago.
"The most impressive interview I've ever had in the last 25 years of doing this? Russell Wilson," said Dorsey -- who was with the Green Bay Packers at the time -- in comments reported by Adam Teicher of The Kansas City Star on Saturday. "Wasn't even close. You could feel that guy as a person, how strong they are, how intellectually deep they are, how mentally tough they are, that they had the charisma to lead other players. I always try to look at kids like I'm in the locker room and I'm a teammate. It was easy to see this guy leading a team.
"A quarterback wants to come across in the interview process as confident, as having a vast understanding and knowledge of defenses, as being capable of leading a group of men. That's what you've got to convey to the teams. On film, their physical traits and skills will come out. But you have to over the next few weeks impress on teams the character of their soul, their ability to lead a franchise."
Dorsey and Chiefs coach Andy Reid know selecting a quarterback with the top-overall pick is a pressure-packed decision that promises to ripple through the franchise for years to come.
The right decision can transform a team for the ages; the wrong choice can sink the careers of many men.
Front offices will be hard-pressed to find the next Russell Wilson in the 2013 NFL Draft. When asked who that might be, NFL Network draft expert Mike Mayock recently acknowledged, "I don't have him. I don't have him. And I mean, trust me, I'm looking for him."
Follow Marc Sessler on Twitter @MarcSesslerNFL.
Mary Ellen Klas, Times/Herald Tallahassee Bureau
TALLAHASSEE -- Weeks after a Department of Corrections inspector privately told members of a state Senate committee about what they suspected was coverup and abuse at the state prison agency last year, they were hit with six internal investigations in a single day, all aimed at discrediting them or forcing them out.
The unprecedented number of investigations gave grounds for the agency to reassign the investigator, Doug Glisson, move their office to what agency staff calls a former broom closet, take away access to their past emails and work files, and then conduct an investigation that lasted months -- without interviewing alleged witnesses or verifying many facts.
When Glisson, a supervisor who has a 20-year career in law enforcement, protested in a six-page letter to their supervisors, they were subjected to a verbal tirade from Inspector Brian Falstrom so loud and filled with invective that it scared the other office staff who overhead it all.
"It was very scary for me," said Stephanie Land, who worked in the office next to Glisson in the agency's Office of Internal Audits. "He yelled a lot."
When asked in court if they were in "fear of being retaliated against" because of their testimony, they responded: "A little, yeah."
The extent of the Department of Corrections' alleged retaliation against one of five whistle-blowers has come to light in detailed transcripts and documents filed as part of an ongoing legal fight in a Tallahassee court.
Glisson is now suing the agency, seeking a formal review process in which they allege their rights have been violated.
They and four other Department of Corrections investigators, John Ulm, David Clark, Aubrey Land (no relation to Stephanie Land) and James Padgett, unsuccessfully sued the agency in 2014 after Gov. Rick Scott's inspector general, Melinda Miguel, refused to give them special protection that would have shielded them from administrative consequences.
The department has rejected Glisson's claim that their rights under the "Officers' Bill of Rights" have been violated. It is fighting their call for a compliance review hearing and says the timing of the investigations of Glisson had nothing to do with the fact that the whistle-blowers were cooperating with the Senate Criminal Justice Committee.
"Although the timing may have been poor, these (complaints) had been held up for some time and we needed to get them investigated and to get them over with, for the employee's sake," said McKinley Lewis, Department of Corrections spokesperson. "None of these are retaliation related."
But Glisson's attorney says that the agency piled on the complaints, failed to properly investigate them, then refused to address Glisson's complaint that Falstrom was biased against him.
"The travesty here is they complain that their rights are being intentionally violated and instead of investigating they dismiss it," said Ryan Andrews, who is representing Glisson. "You would think that is an allegation that would want to be looked into."
In Glisson's letter to Secretary Julie Jones last May, they called for Falstrom to be removed from the investigation because, according to another investigator who testified in a sworn affadavit, Falstrom had called Glisson an "effing whistle-blower." Only after Glisson sued last fall was Falstrom removed from the case.
Glisson believes they are being punished for speaking out against former Inspector General Jeffery Beasley, accusing their former boss of improperly and unethically interfering with pending investigations. After Glisson first approached committee members in private, they and three others testified March 9, 2015, before the Senate Criminal Justice Committee alleging that Beasley:
--Shut down an investigation into the death of an inmate at Jefferson Correctional Institution by the hands of guards.
--Ordered investigators to cover up that a doctor who had been hired by the agency had their license revoked from another state.
--Ordered Glisson and another inspector to tamp down an investigation into inmate abuse by a training center director because of a "Capitol connection" -- someone who had close ties to a person in Scott's office.
Testifying under oath during a Nov. 23 court hearing, Glisson said they believe the investigations were "in direct retaliation for my testimony before the Senate Criminal Justice Committee about improper interference by our IG Beasley."
Beasley had been grilled by Sen. Greg Evers, chairperson of the committee, during a Feb. 2, 2015, hearing about the "Capitol connection," and Evers hinted that Beasley had knowledge of a coverup. Beasley denied it.
Two weeks later, Beasley personally penned a letter to Glisson and other whistle-blowers notifying them that they were under investigation and then went beyond the standard form letter and emphasized that the allegations were for violations "for which dismissal is a penalty."
On May 6 of that year, Glisson was placed under oath by investigator Falstrom, who told them an inmate had made a complaint that Glisson failed to follow through on -- in violation of agency procedure.
But, during the interview, it became clear to Glisson that Falstrom "had not conducted a single sworn recorded interview of the complainants, any witnesses, and had no documentation to provide to me which is required by statute to see what evidence was against me," Glisson said under oath.
Lewis, the department spokesperson, said all but one of the investigations of Glisson have been concluded and "the finished investigations are currently being reviewed to determine the appropriate action." They said any connection between the letter from Beasley and the timing of the investigation is "a conspiracy theory" and should be ignored. They also denied that Glisson works in a former broom closet.
Earlier this year, Jones reassigned Beasley to a newly created job as chief of intelligence. They continue to draw an annual salary of $116,500.
Glisson, however, remains in limbo.
To Learn More:
Whistleblowers Reveal Accounts of Government Retaliation at Senate Hearing (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Club Rouge at SW 4th and Stark in Portland, as seen on Google Street View, November 17, 2016
Copyright by KOIN - All rights reserved Club Rouge at SW 4th and Stark in Portland, as seen on Google Street View, November 17, 2016
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) – As part of an investigation into an underage minor being trafficked for sex, the FBI and Portland Police executed a search warrant at a downtown strip club.
The FBI confirmed the search warrant was executed November 16 at Club Rouge, located at Southwest 4th and Stark.
In a prepared statement, the FBI said: "This search warrant is part of an ongoing investigation into the sexual exploitation of minors and is a follow-on to Operation Cross Country X (10), which is a program spearheaded by the FBI and the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children to target the criminal enterprises responsible for the commercial sex trafficking of children."
The case is being investigated by the Beaverton Police Department.
In October, the FBI executed a search warrant at Cheetahs strip club in Salem after learning that an underage girl had been allowed to dance nude at the establishment.
Speaking by phone on Thursday, Eric Forbes, the club's director of operations, adamantly denied any misconduct.
They told KOIN 6 News the investigation began when a female dancer presented themselves to be older than 18. When the club discovered that they were using fake ID, they immediately removed them from the club. They said the female had a real ID and the photo looked like the female they claimed to be; however, it turned out to be someone else's ID, according to Forbes.
"It's never our intention to have minors performing," Forbes said. "We are very proud of how we operate."
They said the club has good relationships with police, the OLCC and the downtown business community.
"We never want to ruin that relationship" Forbes said.
Forbes told KOIN 6 News sex trafficking is something that occurs in the industry. They said Club Rouge does everything in its power to prevent it from occurring at its establishment. They said during the hiring process, they have staff perform name and age verification.
Forbes said sex trafficking "is not our way of doing business…and that these entertainers are the bloodline to our success, and we respect them."
The club has also put on anti-sex trafficking seminars, Forbes said.
They said the FBI and Beaverton Police came in "and spent enough time to go through the records" but let the club remain open.
Forbes said that's an indication they committed no wrongdoing. They also said the investigators told them Club Rouge was running a clean operation.
If anyone has information on minors dancing at Club Rouge, or any other strip club in the Portland Metro area, please contact Detective Chad Opitz, who assigned to the FBI's Child Exploitation Task Force, at 503-526-2674.
At 1 S. Wacker Drive, tenants are being urged to "dress down" in order to blend with protesters, and also cautioned against wearing items or carrying bags with corporate logos. That is one of 25 downtown properties managed by Jones Lang LaSalle Inc.
Mark Anderson, director of security for the Chicago-based firm, said it is not making tenants' dress codes a point of emphasis.
"Some of the tenants have discussed it," Mr. Anderson said. "It really comes down to their comfort level. There's no data out there to substantiate somebody being targeted or hassled because of their affiliation with their firm or their occupation."
Related: Greg Hinz on Politics: Adler, Shedd told late that they'd be closed during NATO
It remains to be seen whether executives for Chicago's leading companies will show up for work unshaven and wearing shorts and flip-flops, but the warning shows that building management and security staffs see the need for caution before, during and after the summit.
While some workplaces may dress down, others will shut down entirely amid the threat of potential protests and violence during the summit. At least two banks are closing downtown branches on that Friday and Monday, and others are considering doing so.
Chicago-based BMO Harris Bank will close three of its 30 downtown branches on those days, a spokesperson confirmed. Those branches are at 111 W. Monroe St., 141 W. Jackson Blvd. and 99 W. Washington St.
"The branches we are planning to temporarily close are located in areas where demonstrations could take place, so we wanted to help ensure the safety of our employees, customers and assets," the spokesperson said in an email. "We have several other branches in the immediate downtown area that will be open during this time.
"The safety of our employees, customers and business partners were key parts of our decision."
Citing security concerns, the Harris Bank spokesperson declined to specify other steps the branches may take. But most downtown commercial buildings are expected to have extra security personnel and board-up crews on standby.
PNC Bank will close one of its 38 downtown branches May 18 to May 21, according to a spokesperson for Pittsburgh-based PNC Financial Services Group Inc. The branch at 333 S. State St. will be shut down during that time because it is on DePaul University's Loop campus, which also will be closed during the summit, the spokesperson said.
Spokeswomen for Charlotte, N.C.-based Bank of America N.A. and Chicago-based PrivateBank & Trust Co. said determinations have yet to be made on potential downtown closures.
A spokesperson for New York-based J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. said that "we are planning on business as usual" for downtown branches. A spokesperson for Chicago-based MB Financial Inc. said the bank will remain open with added security in place.
Last week the U.S. Postal Service announced it would maintain regular delivery, collection, process and retail operations "to the fullest extent possible" but lists more than 60 street collection boxes that will be removed from downtown from May 13 to May 23.
The Building Owners and Managers Association of Chicago has provided recommendations to its more than 260 member buildings downtown.
Many of today's largest tech companies, such as Sony, Nokia, Samsung and IBM, have been around for a very long time (some since the 1800s). Their beginnings were often very humble, and it is fascinating to look back and see how they actually got started.
We selected nine of the world's oldest and largest tech companies to see how and when they got started. As you will notice, many were initially doing completely different things from what they are doing today and have been active in a lot of different business areas.
Nokia – started in 1865
Nokia was founded by Fredrik Idestam in 1865 as a wood-pulp mill in south-western Finland. It was later relocated to the town Nokia where the company got its name. The name Nokia is an old Finnish word for a dark, furry animal (such as the sable).
In the beginning of the 20th century Finnish Rubber Works established its factories and began using Nokia as its brand. The companies merged in 1967 as Nokia Corporation, which went on to produce paper products, bicycle and car tires, footwear, personal computers, communication cables and televisions.
It wasn't until 1987 that Nokia introduced one of the world's first handheld phones, the Mobira Cityman 900. It “only” weighed 0.8 kg and cost €4,650.
Old Nokia footwear ad. (From Nokia.)
Sony – started in 1945
Sony started out as a radio repair shop in a bombed-out building in Tokyo right after World War II. The founder, Masaru Ibuka, was joined the next year by Akio Morita and together they founded Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo K.K. (Tokyo Telecommunications Engineering Corporation).
The company tried on various acronyms and names, like Totsuko and Tokyo Teletech before finally settling for Sony in 1955. It is a mix of the Latin word “sonus” (sound) and the English word “sonny” (little boy).
Sony built Japan's first tape recorder (the G-Type) and also the country's first commercially produced transistor radio.
Japan's first magnetic tape recorder, the G-Type (1950). (From Digital World Tokyo.)
IBM – started in 1896
IBM got its start under the name Tabulating Machine Company in 1896. Even before starting the company, the founder, Herman Hollerith, had filed a series of patents regarding punched card data processing.
A merger with two other companies later changed the name of the company to Computing Tabulating Recording (CTR) Corporation. It wasn't until 1924 that the company changed its name to International Business Machines Corporation, or IBM.
The early years included a wide range of products such as employee time-keeping systems, weighing scales, automatic meat slicers and punched card equipment. During World War II IBM also produced weapons and its punch-card machines were used for calculations in the development of the first atomic bombs.
Tabulating Machine Corporation plant. (From Wikipedia.)
Samsung – started in 1938
Samsung was founded by Lee Byung-chul in 1938 as Samsung Store, a trading company in Daegu, (South) Korea, selling fish, vegetables and fruit to China. During the Communist invasion in 1950 their inventories were damaged and they were forced to leave and start over again in 1951, this time in Seoul.
In 1953 Lee opened a sugar refinery and founded their philosophy of making Samsung the leader in each industry they entered. Samsung later moved into several different businesses fields, providing things like insurances, department stores, radio and television stations, engineering and electronics.
Samsung even started a daily newspaper back in 1965. It is currently one of the three largest in Korea, although no longer affiliated with Samsung.
Samsung's founder, Lee Byung-chul. (From an article about Korean Chaebols.)
Nintendo – started in 1889
Nintendo was founded in 1889 by Fusajiro Yamauchi in Kyoto. They started out with producing handmade Hanafuda cards, which is a type of playing cards. The name Nintendo supposedly means “Leave luck to Heaven” when translated from Japanese to English.
Before becoming a video game company Nintendo tried several niche businesses, setting up a love hotel chain, a taxi company, a TV network and a food company for selling instant rice.
Nintendo Hanafuda card including the Nintendo logo at the time. (From Wikipedia.)
Hewlett-Packard – started in 1935
Hewlett-Packard (HP) was founded in a garage in 1935 by William Hewlett and David Packard. At first they couldn't decide if the company should be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett, but after a coin toss that Packard won they decided on Hewlett-Packard.
Their first product was a precision audio oscillator. One of their earliest customers was The Walt Disney Company which bought eight oscillators to use in certifying surround sound systems installed in theaters for the movie Fantasia.
HP continued to make electronic test equipment and later also experimented with using their equipment together with DEC minicomputers. They ultimately decided that it would be easier to make their own computers than dealing with DEC.
In 1968 HP launched what is known as one of the first personal computers, although they called it a desktop calculator because according to Bill Hewlett: “If we had called it a computer, it would have been rejected by our customers' computer gurus because it didn't look like an IBM.”
The original protype for HP's audio oscillator. (From HP.)
Motorola – started in 1928
Motorola was founded in Chicago as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation in 1928 by Paul and Joseph Galvin. The first product was a battery eliminator for radios.
The name Motorola was adopted in 1930 when the company started to produce car radios. The name is a combination of “motor” and “Victrola.” (The Victrola was an early record player.)
Motorola has provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights including the 1969 moon landing.
Motorola logs from way back. (From World's Best Logos.)
Siemens – started in 1847
Siemens was founded in 1847 by Werner von Siemens but was then called Telegraphen-Bauanstalt von Siemens & Halske. The company's first invention was based on the telegraph but used a needle to point to a sequence of letters instead of using Morse code.
In 1867 Siemens completed the monumental Indo-European telegraph line between Calcutta and London. Siemens also powered the world's first electric street lighting in the town of Godalming, UK, using a watermill. They later also diversified into electric trains and light bulbs, among other things.
The Siemens & Halske Electric Railroad, shown at the Berlin Industrial Exhibition in 1879. (From Some Early Traction History.)
Canon – started in 1930
The company that would become Canon was founded by Goro Yoshida and Saburo Uchida (Yoshida's brother-in-law) and was funded by a close friend, Takeshi Mitarai. The goal of Precision Optical Instruments Laboratory, as the company was initially called, was to develop a 35mm rangefinder camera.
In 1934 the company started marketing a camera called the Kwanon, but none of the Kwanon cameras ever reached the market. The name Kwanon (and its later spelling, Kannon) was taken from a famous Buddhist (bodhisattva). The year after, the company started using the product label Canon instead, which was more modern-sounding and also means “authoritative scriptures” in English.
The Hansa Canon camera, released in 1936, was the company's first success. The camera used a lens from the predecessor of Nikon (Japan Optical Industries).
In 1937 the company name was changed to Canon.
The 1934 Kwanon logo. (From Wikipedia.)
Final comments
We hope you enjoyed this look back at the early history of these huge tech companies. It is interesting to think that every year, companies get started that have the potential to become huge in the future, just like the ones here have risen heads and shoulders above the vast majority of companies that started around the same time.
These companies have gone through great changes over time. If Google still exists 100 years from now, perhaps they will be doing something that has nothing to do with search.
Information source: The vast majority of the information was found on the always-useful Wikipedia.
The US Senate adopted unanimously a proposed bill that would allow Americans to sue nation-states for terrorist attacks on US soil, despite opposition from the White House and allies such as Saudi Arabia.
Dubbed “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,” the bill sailed through the upper chamber of Congress without opposition Tuesday. It now heads to the House of Representatives, which has its own version of the proposal.
“This bill is very near and dear to my heart as a New Yorker because it would allow the victims of 9/11 to pursue some small measure of justice,” said Senator Charles Schumer, a New York Democrat, according to The Hill. “[This is] another example of the [John] Cornyn-Schumer collaboration, which works pretty well around here.”
Senator John Cornyn, a Republican from Texas, co-sponsored the bill and apparently prevailed over their South Carolina colleague Lindsey Graham, who had put a hold on the bill last month, citing concerns it would open the US up to lawsuits by foreign governments.
Graham's office said they dropped the hold over the recent recess, The Hill reported.
FBI has 80,000 files on possible Saudi links to 9/11 – report https://t.co/g3IbYlQiqhpic.twitter.com/3XuGMzh1cA — RT (@RT_com) May 13, 2016
The bill faces bipartisan opposition in the lower chamber and the executive branch, however.
“I think we need to review it to make sure we are not making mistakes with our allies and we're not catching people in this that shouldn't be caught up in this,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said last month, earning thanks from the White House.
Read more
The Cornyn-Schumer bill seeks to create an exception in the doctrine of sovereign immunity established by a 1976 law, which has so far shielded Saudi Arabia from lawsuits over the September 11, 2001 terror attacks. Fifteen out of 19 hijackers involved were Saudi subjects.
Citing sovereign immunity, a federal judge threw out a lawsuit by the 9/11 families against the kingdom in September 2015. Under the Cornyn-Schumer bill, however, Riyadh could be sued because the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon killed American citizens on US soil.
Saudi Arabia has voiced opposition to the bill. During the visit to Washington in March, Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the country would sell up to $750 billion in US treasury securities and other assets before the lawsuits put them in jeopardy.
The warning was delivered by last month during a visit to Washington, the New York Times reported. They said their country would sell up to $750 billion in US treasury securities and other assets before the bill puts them in jeopardy.
On Monday, the US Treasury Department revealed that the kingdom owned $116.8 billion in securities as of March.
The Japanese government has said it needs to create a US Marines-style force and a fleet of drone aircraft as it faces territorial threats from China and North Korea.
In a draft defence document published on Friday, the pacifist nation's defence ministry said it was necessary to boost the strength and range of forces that could be used to protect Japan's outlying territories.
"To deploy units quickly in response to a situation, it is important... to have an amphibious function that is similar to US Marines," it said.
The paper has been published as tensions continue to rise with China over the ownership of the Tokyo-administered Senkaku islands in the East China Sea, which Beijing claims as the Diaoyu islands.
Shinzo Abe, Japan's Prime Minister, called on Friday for a leaders' summit or a foreign ministers' meeting between their country and China as soon as possible.
Citing the importance of relations between Asia's two biggest economies, they said the talks should not have any
preconditions.
Japan's interim report, which was approved by a high-level defence meeting on Friday, also advocates the introduction of a drone reconnaissance fleet that could be used to monitor distant islands.
'No first strike'
The paper also stressed "the need to boost a comprehensive capability of containment" as part of anti-ballistic missile measures against North Korea, but steered clear of any mention of "first strike".
"We are not talking about pre-emptive attack. That's not good," a defence official said.
"We have this awareness that given changes in the security environment surrounding Japan, we have to discuss whether it is enough for us to depend on US forces in terms of capability to attack enemy territory," they told reporters.
Japan and the US have a security treaty stemming from the Second World War that binds Washington to coming to Tokyo's defence if it is attacked.
Experts say North Korea, through the UN-banned tests of ballistic missile technologies and nuclear weapons, has improved its offensive capabilities.
Island dispute
China has become increasingly active in the seas surrounding Japan.
The row over the ownership of the Senkaku Island, which began decades ago, erupted last September when Japan nationalised three of the islands.
It has taken another turn this week.
China said on Friday that ships from its newly formed coast guard confronted Japanese patrol vessels in waters surrounding East China Sea islands claimed by both sides.
The State Oceanic Administration that oversees the service said that four of its ships "sternly declared" China's sovereignty over the islands called Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China, and demanded they leave the area. It was not clear if any action resulted from the Chinese declaration.
Chinese coastguard vessels sailed through nearby waters for the first time on Wednesday.
Later in the day Tokyo scrambled fighters to shadow a Chinese reconnaissance aircraft that flew in international airspace in between two Okinawan islands.
It was the first time Beijing had sent a military plane through the gap and out to the Pacific Ocean, Tokyo officials said, adding they saw it as a sign of "China's ever-growing maritime advance".
Abe's administration decided to review the current long-term defence outline which was drafted by the now-opposition Democratic Party of Japan in 2010.
The hawkish premier this year boosted Japan's defence budget for the first time in over a decade against the backdrop of growing concerns among many countries in the region about China.
Dr. Jesse Lewis, Sr.
On Aug. 22 the people in Birmingham will decide who their Mayor and City Council will be.
Traditionally, when there is an election and only the mayor and city council people are running, it has been a low turnout. As a general rule, a low turnout favors the incumbent. This is usually because the voters are mostly women over age 40 and men over age 50.
It is also a general rule that your major corporations, that make financial contributions to mayors and city council persons, give their first consideration to the incumbent.
I am not implying under any circumstance that all the incumbents are going to win. The only thing that I am implying is that the incumbent has an advantage of fundraising and knowing their constituents.
Right now, we all know the state has put together a grand jury that is presently questioning several city agencies. To put together a grand jury to investigate any entity there is a procedure which starts with media reports on several incidents or issues where there is an implication that the project or individual in question could be illegal.
Secondly, for them to start this process, they get letters, emails, and phone calls from John Doe citizen agreeing with the publicity story and requests that the Attorney General for the state of Alabama and District Attorney check into the validity of their concerns. Thirdly, if the attorney general and the district attorney is convinced that there could be a possibility of wrong doing, they will convene a grand jury which consists of 12 people. If there is a possibility that someone has done something, then there is a strong possibility that it was something illegal.
During the fourth step, the grand jury will proceed to subpoena information from everyone they possibly can to look at this document and make sure that there is enough evidence to move to the next step. Step number five – they will subpoena individuals to testify before the grand jury. The subpoena in no way indicates that the people who are testifying are guilty of any wrongdoing.
Lastly, after all this information is gathered, they will decide, based on the information, whether they will drop the case or indict someone. If they indict someone, this does not mean they are guilty. It just so happens that we live in a county with a Constitution that states that you are innocent until proven guilty.
My guess would be that the decision will be made in May or June as to whether they will discontinue the investigation or should they issue indictments. No one knows who has appeared before the grand jury, and no one knows what questions that the person who appeared was asked, nor who they were asking questions about.
For the good of the city, I am personally praying and hoping that the attorney general, district attorney, and the grand jury will just pack their bags and move to another part of the state. In other words, there was no wrongdoing by anyone.
Incidentally, I am not implying here that individuals should not run for the city council or the mayor's office. I still contend that the only way you can win a race is you get in it; and, the only way you are guaranteed to lose a race is you don't get in it.
Share this: Print
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
WhatsApp
For marketers, it's the best of times and the worst of times. On the one hand, the world has never been more complex and their audience more fragmented. On the other, there has never been more resources for creative storytelling. This unique tension is animating the evolution of the entire industry.
“What you say in advertising is more important than how you say it.” - David Ogilvy
Next week is Advertising Week. The annual New York City event will draw tens of thousands of marketers from all around the world, all of whom will be eager to make new connections, compare notes, and discuss the changes happening across their industry.
Perhaps no topic will loom as large as the rise of adblockers - applications that modify web or mobile experiences to filter out advertisements.
In some places, the technology has been reasonably mainstream for a while. In the UK for example, an IAB study found that 1 in 7 people uses some form of blocking. In the US, consumer adoption has been slower. As a result, brands and agencies have been largely able to ignore the threat -- or at least, to leave it in the realm of the theoretical.
With the release of iOS 9 last week, that theoretical problem became very real. For the first time, adblockers were allowed on the iPhone. Within a day, 3 of the top 10 paid apps were blockers, and a week later, one of them remains at #1.
This is a problem for everyone in the industry. For app developers and startups, it means thinking differently about business model. For advertisers, it is worse. AdAge recently published a piece called “Yes, There Is A War On Advertising. Now What?” Last year, digital guru Ethan Zuckerman published a 5,000-word missive in The Atlantic arguing that advertising was “The Internet's Original Sin.”
The point of these types of articles is the same: the scale, targeting, and aggressiveness of display ads has actual provoked an adversarial, antagonistic relationship between advertisers and the consumers with whom they're trying to build awareness and affinity.
Of course, many have offered alternatives. While adblockers may have only just come to the fore, consumer dissatisfaction with display, pre-roll video, and the other types of mainstream digital advertising has been recognized for some time. From sponsored content to real world rewards to native, companies have been experimenting with different formats trying to give consumers something of value rather than interrupting other experiences.
For one company in the thick of the industry's transformation, the answer is even simpler: to keep consumer attention, advertisers need to tell great stories.
What makes this answer notable is its source. It comes not from a creative agency, but from an adtech startup whose business model is driven by data and programmatic placement.
Virool is a platform to help video content get more views. The way it works is a video creator logs in, indicates the budget they have (starting at just $25), the audience they're trying to target, and the action they're trying to maximize, such as getting the most views or optimizing for people sharing on social media. Virool then programmatically places videos on the sites of a network of more than 100,000 publishers.
At the beginning, the company was, like so many adtech companies, just focused on using massive amounts of data to better automate targeting. In the four years since it launched, however, it has increasingly recognized that the real heart of virality in video is about storytelling and the emotions that videos can inspire. Far from automating creativity away, the company now says its mission is to “make advertising more human.”
For Virool, this emphasis on story and emotion is more than just lip service. The company has actually built emotional understanding into their product in the form of eIQ, a technology that when users opt in, allows Virool to watch their reactions to videos in real time using the computer's camera. The tool tracks 10,000 points on a person's face and scores them for different emotional reactions. It can even determine changes in heart rate based on factors like how close a person is to the screen. Using this technology, Virool can help content creators better understand how to inspire the emotions in their intended audiences.
eIQ is an amazing example of how technology can be used to amplify the power of story. It's also one piece of evidence that, while the ad units of the first era of digital may be bucking under the weight of consumer antagonism, there has actually never been a better time to tell stories - which was the original point of advertising after all.
So, what makes today such a golden age for storytelling?
The rise of digital video
Video was the original multimedia, the best “happy wedding of words and images” to use a phrase from industry legend Leo Burnett. In the TV era, video was constrained by the cost of airtime to 15, 30, and sometimes 60 second formats. In the digital age, video has no such constraints. It is allowed to entertain for as long as it entertains. Its job of keeping consumer attention is judged in the most pure way: how long they watch before they look away.
Next week on an AdWeek panel on emotion in advertising, Virool will announce the winner to a year-long campaign to determine the best online advertising video of the year. The 10 finalists average between 2 and 4 minutes, with the longest topping out at nearly 5 minutes. What matters isn't their length, it's the quality of their narrative.
What's remarkable is that digital video is just getting started. Increased mobile bandwidth plus dramatically better video quality on phones and consumer DSLR cameras mean more video than ever is being created and watched. To put it more dramatically, both Facebook and Snapchat now see more than 4 billion video views per day. Buzzfeed alone saw more than 1 billion video views on Facebook alone (and 1.8 billion total) in August. And that's just one publisher.
Serialization
On the one hand, the plethora of available content has compressed our attention spans and reduced the standard units of content consumption we like. At the same time, it has done nothing to lessen our voraciousness for stories and narratives that extend and grow over time. Enter serialization.
Serialization refers to content that tells a complex story, one small unit at a time. In the digital age, it's not just for TV. One of the most interesting examples can be found in Wattpad, the biggest social network that most people don't know about yet.
Wattpad is a community of 40 million+ that spend a collective 11 billion minutes per month reading and writing stories. Rather than complete books, stories are released a chapter at a time. Readers become invested and can comment and share what parts of the story grabbed them and what they hope happens to the characters. In many cases, this actually influences the writer's, meaning that all of a sudden storytelling isn't a solo act but a collaborative group experience. Many of the top series on Wattpad have been read billions of times, turned into best selling novels, and optioned for TV and movies.
The democratization of creation
Perhaps most powerful of all is that the tools for telling stories have never been more evenly distributed. Some of the most in-demand partners for advertisers aren't the traditional agencies, but social media influencers who became amazing telling stories in whatever medium they chose - be it Vine or Snapchat or Youtube or something else. The writers whose stories rise to the top of Wattpad aren't professionals; they are just people who all of a sudden had a platform, and found that people responded.
This cannot help but change how brands and agencies think about advertising. David Jones, former Havas global CEO and founder of the much-buzzed new brandtech firm You & Mr. Jones referred to this phenomenon when they said the industry now had access to “a global creative department of more than 1 billion people.”
Does the new digital era bring challenges for advertisers? Absolutely.
Yet at the same time, for those who can block out the noise and pressure for just a moment, there is something incredible happening, as well.
Long before programmatic buying and adblockers, Leo Burnett wrote:
“The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line.”
The lesson is that the heart of advertising lies not in display units or fullscreen takeovers, but in stories that make people laugh, cry, and feel connected to something bigger.
The brands that recognize this fundamental fact and who view the new platforms as an amazing, evolving creative canvass will be those that thrive.
In November, we announced that Imagineer Joe Rohde would be honored by the Themed Entertainment Association with its Buzz Price Thea Award Recognizing a Career of Distinguished Achievements, and on March 17, 2012, Joe received their award during the Thea Awards ceremony at the Disneyland Hotel. I recently had the opportunity to chat with Joe about the award and their career at Walt Disney Imagineering – which has included such enormous projects as Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park; Expedition Everest; Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa; and the upcoming AVATAR project at Walt Disney World Resort.
What does receiving the Buzz Price Thea Award Recognizing a Career of Distinguished Achievements mean to you, coming from your peers in the industry who make up the Themed Entertainment Association?
It's a great honor to look at my list of achievements and to be counted among people who have done so much more than I have – it's really an honor.
Looking back on your career, what has been the most exciting project you've worked on, and what has been your biggest challenge?
When I first saw the Disney's Animal Kingdom site, I was truly terrified. Disney's Animal Kingdom was unexplored country – we were doing lots of things that had never been done before. It's hard not to see getting Disney's Animal Kingdom built as a challenge. Attempting to do so many things all in one project – it was challenging and a growth experience. We were truly learning as we were doing.
With Aulani, I knew there was more to Hawai`i that many visitors don't realize, and I knew Disney had a great opportunity to tell that story.
You're known for your love of storytelling and attention to detail. You've visited many places all over the world for research – which have been your favorites? Are there places you'd still like to visit?
I love the Himalayas, and I've spent a lot of time there. When we were doing research for Expedition Everest, we visited places few people have been before.
Where I'd like to go…I have to go camel trekking in Mongolia and I want to go to Papua New Guinea.
What are you looking forward to next?
When I think about the AVATAR story and Disney's Animal Kingdom, I see the value systems that underlie both. We have the opportunity to tell that story in a way that will make the AVATAR experience feel like a natural part of Disney's Animal Kingdom.
All of us who are designers have an opportunity to take the work we are given and make it something unexpected. That's how we help the company to grow and expand into new areas.
Please join me in congratulating Joe on receiving the Buzz Price Thea Award Recognizing a Career of Distinguished Achievements!
(Photo by Victor Tan / New Day Review)
ORLANDO, Fla. – Midfielder Maddy Evans has seen their role with the Orlando Pride drastically change from last season to this year's—and not for the better, from a playing-time perspective. In 2016, Evans started 12 of their 16 appearances, recording an assist in 1,108 minutes. This season, they have played just 276 minutes in 10 appearances and three starts.
Despite their decreased role in competitive play for the Pride, second-year Orlando boss Tom Sermanni said Evans is “still a critical part” of the team after their most recent start in a 1-1 draw with the Chicago Red Stars on Aug. 5.
“I've had, you know, several meetings with Maddy,” Sermanni said. “It's been a very frustrating season for them because they have been a regular player in the [National Women's Soccer League] for five years, and, this season, it's been difficult for them to get a starting spot in the team.
“But she's still a critical part of our team and our squad and a very important part of our team and our squad. And they play an important role every day they turn up at training, to be honest. Even though they are disappointed that they haven't had more starts, they turn up regardless, every day, and gives 100 percent, supports their team, supports their teammates and is an absolute consummate professional.”
Since entering the league in 2013, Evans has played for the Boston Breakers and the Pride. With the Breakers, they started 23 of their 46 appearances and recorded three assists and two goals. In the draw against Chicago, Evans took one shot and completed 85.7 percent of their 21 passes.
For first-year Pride player Chioma Ubogagu, it was Evans' ease to meld with the group on the pitch despite their lack of playing time this season that stands out.
“Her work ethic is unbelievable ‘cause it's tough knowing when there's a lineup, and it's consistently being used, and you're not in it,” Ubogagu said after the draw with Chicago. “It's tough, especially when you know you're capable of playing, but maybe what the coaches wanna put out that week doesn't have you in it.
“But Maddy always is positive and always stays ready, and I think it speaks volume of their character of how this is their third start, but, like, today, they looked like she'd been playing for us all season. That's really hard to do.”
The Pride continue their three-game home stand with their third and final matchup with the ninth-place Washington Spirit on Tuesday.
For more on Evans and the Pride, follow Victor Tan on Twitter at @NDR_VictorTan.
When Burton Snowboards announced last week that it would be closing down all brands associated with The Program, including the legendary snowboard brand Forum, the news prompted an immediate grassroot social media campaign response. Masterminded by Cobra Dogs owner Corey Grove, professional snowboarder Eddie Wall and Capita marketing manager Sean Tedore, an online petition to give Forum back to its originator Peter Line began circulating on Twitter and Instagram under the hashtag #giveFORUMtoPeter.
Forum is most well recognized for the "Forum 8" -- snowboarding's first über team, created by Line, that is largely credited for shaping what is now recognized as modern street snowboarding. "We started this as a support thing, to say thank you to Peter," explained Grove. "It's not an anti Burton campaign. It was just a sad day for everyone. Peter is family and the brand means so much. It's a huge piece of snowboarding's history. If anything it's just great to see the love."
As of press time more than six thousand people have signed the petition. But one has to ask: at this point would Peter even want Forum? We decided to get in touch with the man themselves to find out.
ESPN: Now that the #giveFORUMtoPeter campaign is rolling, it begs the question: Would you even be interested in taking Forum on?
Peter Line: I would definitely consider it. It all depends on so much, but I highly doubt that it would ever happen. It's still really fun to imagine though.
How has this response from the snowboarding world felt?
I think it's a pretty cool movement. I see it as something bigger than just the companies going out of business and giving Forum to me. It's more about what Forum represented and brought to snowboarding in the beginning.
“ When a core brand that has been around for as long as Forum has goes under, snowboarding is just that much closer to losing its roots. ”
For a lot of the kids out there, they started riding during those times and remember them fondly. It was a time when the snowboard industry was less about selling products and more about creating a culture. Forum was a core brand from the beginning and it was created to bring something good to the sport and not just bank off of it.
When a core brand that has been around for as long as Forum has goes under, snowboarding is just that much closer to losing its roots. I think kids see this and want to keep snowboarding for snowboarders.
Although I didn't like all the negativity towards Jake Burton -- he's got the deepest roots of us all. We need to keep everything positive.
Was this closure something you felt coming or was this sudden for you?
This past season I was moved into a more creative role with Foursquare. I started designing everything for the 2014 line: outerwear, logos, and everything else. About halfway through the year they put everything on hold. So I had a feeling about Foursquare, but Forum came as a huge surprise. I found out when everyone else did. It was heartbreaking.
Peter Line and Forum have long been at the forefront of progression. Line will continue to be, long after Forum is gone. Tim Peare
Do you feel like there is still a place for Forum in the industry? In the right hands could it be successful again?
Forum was still relevant and was still pushing the sport with an amazing team and still coming out with groundbreaking movies. It wasn't like it was having a slow death and was destined to fail. It's always tough for a company to bounce back after a huge blow, so to try to bring Forum back after the announcement that it is done would be a hard process. People always seem to have a different view of it afterwards.
What does this mean for you and your career in the industry? Anything on the horizon?
I'm not sure. Hopefully this will bring new opportunities. You have any ideas? The Starbucks across the street is hiring, so there is always that.
A kindergarten student was reintroduced to classmates as transgender in a California public school recently — and the teacher followed up the student's new gender reveal by reading a pair of books about transgenderism to the class, KTXL-TV reported.
As you might expect, the whole episode at Rocklin Academy Schools has more than a few parents upset.
"These kids who had never struggled with their gender identity before are all of a sudden scared they could be turned into a boy," Greg Burt, director of capitol engagement with the California Family Council, told the station.
The 5-year-old student — born a male — was reintroduced to the class as a girl one day earlier this summer, just a few days before the end of school year, KTXL said. Parents told KHTK-TV the student also changed clothes at some point during class.
The teacher followed that up by reading two books to the students on transgenderism geared specifically toward kids — one of them the well-known "I Am Jazz," about the real life gender transition of Jazz Jennings from a boy to a girl.
Image source: KTXL-TV video screenshot
Things came to a head at a packed school board meeting Monday where parents on both sides of the issue — and the teacher in question — spoke out.
"I'm so proud of my students," the tearful teacher said during the meeting, defending their actions, KHTK reported. "It was never my intent to harm any students but to help them through a difficult situation."
The teacher who read the transgenderism books to their students speaks Monday at the board meeting. (Image source: KHTK-TV video screenshot)
They said that the two books they read to the students were given to them by a child going through a gender transition, the station said. It isn't clear if the child in question is the transgender student who was in their class.
Also at issue is that parents weren't notified in advance that the books would be read in class, which would have given parents the opportunity to opt-out of having their children present during the reading.
But District Superintendent Robin Stout told KTXL that parents weren't notified because the books weren't sex-education material.
Jo Michael — legislative manager at Equality California and a transgender male — told KTXL that "most people have a sense of their gender identity at age 3 or 4."
Image source: KTXL-TV video screenshot
Michael told the station that "the other students really do need to have that opportunity to engage and hear from the transgender student."
But American College of Pediatricians President Michelle Cretella disagreed, telling KTXL that "having an authority figure teach the myth that a child can be trapped in the wrong body will potentially lead to fear that they aren't the sex their bodies clearly indicate.”
Indeed, Karen England with the Capitol Resource Institute told KHTK the "kindergartners came home very confused, about whether or not you can pick your gender, whether or not they really were a boy or a girl."
"I want them to hear from me as a parent what their gender identity means to them and our family, not from a book that may be controversial," one parent said at the board meeting, KHTK noted, adding that another shared that "my daughter came home crying and shaking so afraid they could turn into a boy."
But as did many of their colleagues at the board meeting, seventh-grade teacher Kelly Bryson disagreed that the books shouldn't have been read. "When we head in the direction of banned books or book lists, or selective literature that should only be read inside or outside the classroom, I think that's a very dangerous direction to go," they said, KHTK reported.
One parent told KHTK that their son reacted positively: "It was so precious to see that they had absolutely no prejudice in their body. My child just went in there and listened to the story, and didn't relate it to anything malicious, or didn't question their own body."
KTXL spoke with the mother of the transgender student in question who declined to speak on camera for fear of backlash but did say she's unsure of what to expect as the school year begins.
When will public schools straighten up?
It would seem transgenderism only will intensify and broaden among children as more of them are taught such lessons in the classroom — and parents are left without warning or notice.
When you have the president of the American College of Pediatricians saying it's a "myth" that a child "can be trapped in the wrong body" — and that it's dangerous for a teacher to propagate that — some public school officials clearly aren't listening.
The American classroom is increasingly becoming a place where kids are more or less indoctrinated with values decided by authority figures other than their own parents — and at younger and younger ages — all while mastering academics falls by the wayside.
When will public schools straighten up?
Advanced Aromatherapy Education Special! View this email in your browser Facebook Twitter Website Email Pinterest Aromatherapy for Pregnancy, Birth and Postpartum Get on the course announcement list and save! Special limited time price $149.00 Are you interested in Aromatherapy and want to use it SAFELY to support your herbal or aromatherapy work?
Are you tired of all the misinformation around aromatherapy?
Do you want to make sure you know how to work with essential oils professionally and ethically? If you answered YES! to any of these them please reply to this email and we will put you on the special offer list. This is a list to announce when the course goes live, and when it do you can enroll for the discounted price of $149.00
This class is a little different, it is a professional development course and contains a lot of audio, so you can take it on the go, listen in the car, on a walk, etc.. This class will also be applying for massage, and midwifery ceus, and granting Heart of Herbs ceus for students.
Class Outline
This program will be in large part audio lectures so you can take your program in the car, the gym or anywhere you want.
Lesson 1- Introduction to Aromatherapy and Essential Oils for the Professional. Discover what learning tools and options for connections and learning that are available to the students.
Lesson 2- What is aromatherapy, history and development
Lesson 3- What are essential oils, distillation methods.
Lesson 4- Essential oil general safety. Essential oil safety and pregnancy. Essential oil quality and standards. Safety Oil Lists.
Lesson 5- Essential oils for pregnancy issues, like morning sickness, exhaustion, insomnia, hyperemesis gravidarum, ligament pain, varicose veins, sore muscles and many more issues common in pregnancy.
Lesson 6- Essential oils for birth and labor, pain management, the aromaepidural (TM), massage, transition, the final push, etc..
Lesson 7- Essential oils for postpartum issues like "the blues", exhaustion, anxiety, body care, infant care, breastfeeding and the common issues that occur in the first six weeks postpartum.
Lesson 8- Ethics in essential oils use and birth work. Being a safe and creative practitioner. Making sure you are not working in a way to inhibit but enhance your birth practice.
Lesson 9- Where to buy, how to buy essential oils, researching essential oils. Further aromatherapy education, resources and helpful information for students and birth professionals. Professional development and incorporating aromatherapy into your practice.
Lesson 10- Final examination for certification
Who is your instructor? Demetria Clark, author Herbal Healing for Children, 475 Herbal and Aromatherapy Recipes and two soon to be released books on aromatherapy. Director of Birth Arts International and Heart of Herbs Herbal School.
Why is Aromatherapy Education so Important? Lately we have been hearing about many people using essential oils improperly, causing issues and basically doing harm, usually on accident and using faulty information. So we decided to make sure BAI students are better educated and part of the solution.
As an aromatherapist, who has trained thousands of aromatherapists world-wide I decided to make a program just for birth workers. xoxox
Wild Things and Adventures by Cate Loetscher- Student Article I had a simple enough goal this spring to wild craft herbs I like to use from local sources. My plan was simple and concise; contact my neighbors with photos of the plants (common mullein, yarrow, wild roses, Echinacea) I was interested in, have a map of the area, and permission to enter their land and gather the herbs, and get directions to known growing areas. This area is large and you (ok I) can easily get turned around and lost, so I also gave them an approximate time I'd be back. Yes my neighbors know I'm directionally challenged and they take pity on me. It was also for safety purposes. Read More
Dear Tiffany,
I hope you are enjoying your break from blogging while your sister is in town. I am still recovering from my cold and a bit upset that I was unable to do the Witt case proper justice in my NyQuil-induced state. I'm drowning in a sea of tissue over here!
But, speaking of the Witt case, I came across a another military news story originating from the land of rippling pecks and thighs that we must discuss. That's right, more news on Australia! Tiffany, if these two Aussie bums
were not reason enough to make you love Australia (and yes, oh yes they are!), I can now offer you one more delicious reason to love all things Aussie!
If you're looking for something a bit more meaningful than firm thighs and pecks to make your Aussie romance complete, here is a story (receiving very little press I might add) that will make you take notice. As of yesterday, Australia offers equal rights to all sexual minorities wishing to serve in their military. While we in America grapple with the ‘Tacoma lesbian's' right to serve their country in the military, Australia has officially lifted its ban on Transgendered troops. This is the final barrier to admitting all sexual minorities into the Australian military, according to this Edge story. Other countries with Transgendered troops are: Canada, Israel, Czech Republic, Spain and Thailand.
Although I would love to toast a pint of Foster's to the Aussie's for this amazing step forward in human rights, it's only 10:45 in the morning where I am. So, I guess my next round of NyQuil taken with an Australian toaster biscuit (they're much softer than those haaaaard English things, you know) will have to suffice.
Cheers!
ps – I just realized this Tiffany, but with a name like ‘Tad', imagine how delicious that would sound coming out of the mouth of an Aussie?
Advertisements
The classic underwater animated character SpongeBob SquarePants has come out of the water at last. He's hitting the beach — and he's buff to boot.
In this exclusive first look at the upcoming movie SpongeBob: Sponge Out of Water (due out Feb. 13, 2015) the main cast gets a new "real" look once they leave their animated sea city of Bikini Bottom.
"It's a bold new world where no Sponge has gone before. I'm still getting used to it," says Tom Kenny, who has voiced SpongeBob for 17 years. "You've seen someone in a certain way for so long... It's just really different."
The character's zany personality remains the same in this second movie installment for the long-running Nickelodeon television franchise — Kenny still voices SpongeBob even with their new look which comes late in the movie.
"It's not like SpongeBob has gone through any personality rewiring, there's no reboot. Daniel Craig will not be voicing him," says Kenny. "It's just a very different likeness."
The team even transforms to computer graphic superheroes to fight off a menace endangering beloved Bikini Bottom.
Patrick Star turns into Mr. Superawesomeness, SpongeBob Squarepants becomes The Invincibubble, Squidward Tentacles is Sour Note and Mr. Krabs turns into Sir Pinch-A-Lot.
"It's the big climax of the movie," says director Paul Tibbit. "They all come to shore in our world. And they transform themselves into an Avengers-type team to do battle. Their world is in jeopardy."
Not that they look to be a serious crime fighting team going forward.
"I don't know if these guys could take out Thor and The Hulk, but they might give them a run for their money," says Tibbit.
The team needs to deal with the threat of Antonio Banderas, who plays a villainous pirate in the movie. "He's got a great comedy touch," says Kenny. "And we've seen them in Zorro. They really knows how to swash a buckle. If there were pirates today, they would definitely pass as one."
The Sponge Out of Water crew will be at Comic-Con in San Diego on Thursday to show off the new-look superhero characters and footage from the movie.
Kenny believes fans will be excited, but he's ready for some shocked reactions too.
"There a thin line between a riot and a paroxysm of joy," they say. "Either way, it's Comic-Con and it's always good to have your escape route planned."
Workers at the Fukushima nuclear power plant have successfully removed the first nuclear fuel rods from a cooling pool suspended above ground in what is one of the most dangerous operations ever attempted in nuclear history.
Already riddled with problems, the complex process of cleaning up and decommissioning the plant consists of many components. The removal of these rods is of paramount importance for safety and the prevention of another nuclear catastrophe.
Each fuel assembly contains 50 to 70 fuel rods – there are a total of 22 assemblies that have been transported today aboard a trailer to another, newer, storage pool on the final day of an operation that lasted four days, according to a statement by Tokyo Electric Power Co (TEPCO), Reuters reports.
What used to be done by computer will now be an entirely manual process, because of the tilted position of the cooling pools, which was affected by the tsunami and earthquake that battered the power plant in 2011.
The reason is that computers are programmed only to respond to the exact position of a fuel rod. With those positions now offset, the operation is a painstaking manual process. Each time the fuel rods rub together or are subjected to shaking, the workers risk unleashing incredible amounts of radiation.
There are more than 1,500 potentially damaged fuel assemblies located in Reactor No. 4 – the most unstable part of the power plant. It was offline at the time of the 2011 catastrophic earthquake and tsunami, which is why, unlike the other three, its core didn't go into meltdown. Instead, hydrogen explosions blew the roof off the building and severely damaged the structure – a wholly different problem.
Now it is up to the cranes, controlled manually by workers, to do the job.
By TEPCO's estimates, the reactor alone should take about a year to decommission, but some experts say even that may not be enough time.
And time is the one thing TEPCO may not have. Mini-earthquakes and tremors are frequent in the area, let alone big natural disasters. So with time and accuracy being important, many see the operation as a test of how well the plant operator can handle the entire decommissioning process.
The operation will have to be performed underwater, for even exposure to air – not only breakage – spells trouble, as it could release incredible amounts of radioactive gas into the atmosphere (the combined radioactive yield of all the rods is more than that of the Hiroshima bomb).
Each assembly weighs about 300 kilograms and is approximately 4.5 meters in height.
Arnie Gunderson, a veteran nuclear engineer and the director of Fairwinds Energy Education, told Reuters that the whole operation was akin to pulling cigarettes from a crumpled pack.
The Monday operation had workers slowly control cranes and pulling the assemblies out one by one before they were transferred to a specially built steel cask to shield the plant workers from radiation. That cask was then taken to another cooling pool – possibly the only part of the entire power plant that was not damaged in the quake and tsunami.
However, Reactor No. 4 had it easy. Other reactors that sustained heavy damage and were subject to meltdowns also contain fuel assemblies that will need to undergo similar procedures, but it will all be much more difficult.
As this is taking place, the plant continues to be plagued by the same problems it has suffered since the catastrophe: radioactive water seeping into the ocean, a lack of adequate storage space for it, the risk of tremors or quakes and rising radiation levels.
The cleanup of the plant and the surrounding Fukushima prefecture will cost tens of billions of dollars and is expected to take decades, already causing a huge drain on the government's resources, which stepped in after it became apparent TEPCO could not handle the costs on its own.
A recently closed restaurant in Texas is claiming that it had nothing to do with an angrily worded sign in which area residents are not portrayed flatteringly. But some people believe the eatery is only distancing itself from the sign because an attempt at humor backfired.
The above photo, posted earlier today on Reddit, was allegedly posted in the window of a recently shuttered Italian restaurant in Amarillo, Texas.
It's a poison-pen farewell note that reads:
You are sorry assed, rednecked sacks of goat sperm had no idea what you had here! Good luck with your pre-packaged frozen shit food in this town. Maybe you'll remember us when you're boning your sister and think they smell like pasta. We are off to make money in a town whose average IQ is above room temperature!
CIAO!!!
On the restaurant's Facebook page, the business has twice posted, “Don't believe all you hear and see folks!”
Later responses to Facebook users try to claim that the sign was put up by someone trying to make the restaurant look bad.
“The sign? It appears it was put up, photod and taken down. Nobody ever saw it up. Nasty joke huh?” reads one reply from the restaurant.
This sentiment was repeated in response to another Facebook user query:
Nobody ever saw it posted that we can find. It appears to have been posted, photographed and taken down. It's not up now and we've been out of the building for 2 weeks. Totally malicious!
However, some are pointing to previous comments and statements made by the restaurant's owner as evidence that they may have indeed written the nasty note.
According to the Amarillo Globe News, when the restaurant closed a couple weeks back, a sign on the building read, “We're moving your favorite REAL Italian place to LUBBOCK!! With plans underway also for AUSTIN!! Thanks so much Amarillo! CIAO!!!”
The angry tone, the implication that Amarillo residents don't like good food, and the all-caps CIAO, complete with three exclamation points, make a good case that the same person wrote the two notes.
There are also the owner's responses to UrbanSpoon reviews. While the tone is significantly more cordial than either of the letters posted on the restaurant, they end at least two replies to customers with that all-caps CIAO, giving ammunition to those who believe they are also the author of the latest angry notice.
Of course, it is possible that someone is merely mocking the style and wording of that first note and the UrbanSpoon responses to paint the restaurant owner in a bad light.
The biggest issue with confirming the validity of the nasty note is that the photograph posted online presents no context for the image. For all anyone knows, it could have been placed behind the photographer's living room window and snapped.
The story will likely follow this restaurant as it opens a new store in Lubbock. Let's just hope this isn't another Amy's Baking Company, because the world can only stand so many of those.
The Navy christened the submarine John Warner on Saturday in a star-spangled ceremony at Newport News Shipbuilding that paid homage to the elder statesman of Virginia politics and included a hometown flourish.
It will be the first Virginia-class submarine to call the Old Dominion home.
A crowd of several thousand erupted in a standing ovation when Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus announced that the future USS John Warner will sail out of Naval Station Norfolk. The world's largest naval base has a number of submarines home-ported there, but not the newer Virginia class.
Praise for Warner poured forth from various speakers throughout the two-hour ceremony, from Gov. Terry McAuliffe to current Virginia Sen. Mark R. Warner, who is no relation and who once tried unsuccessfully to unseat John Warner. The two men have since become personal and political friends.
But in a ceremony of official tributes and calls for a strong military, one highlight was a touching interlude between John and their wife, Jeanne, who is the ship's sponsor.
To introduce their wife, Warner read from the famous poem by John Masefield titled "Sea Fever." It includes the line, "All I ask is tall ship and a star to steer them by." The 87-year-old Warner read several verses, their voice booming through the sprawling shipyard. They then introduced their wife by calling them "The star that has guided this old ship for a long time."
Jeanne Warner choked up as they thanked their husband. With the black hull of the submarine looming in the backyard, they said haltingly, "Each time I see her, I am ... overwhelmed with pride, emotion and admiration. Because I know the USS John Warner will, like their namesake, do what is best for America: protect us and our freedom for many years to come."
Saturday's ceremony was rare in a couple of respects.
It was held in the evening. The last time Newport News did that was April 1, 1995, when it christened the USS Cheyenne, a Los Angeles-class submarine. Given the weather, the timing turned out to be a blessing.
It felt like 96 degrees half an hour before the ceremony began, according to forecasts, but the night turned cool, and the ceremony ended with a sight not seen at the shipyard in many years: a mammoth fireworks display set to music over the giant cranes that help build nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and submarines.
It also marks only the 13th time since the 1970s that the Navy has named a warship for a living person. And it's only happened twice before with submarines: the USS Jimmy Carter and the USS Hyman Rickover.
The shipyard, a division of Huntington Ingalls Industries, builds the nuclear-powered submarines in partnership with General Dynamics Electric Boat of Groton, Conn.
The crowd was a mix of shipyard employees, Navy personnel, dignitaries and their families. That included 92-year-old Robert Edberg, who served on submarines in World War II. "The shipyard has changed so much over the years," they said, adding that the submarines they served on don't stack up to the Warner.
"There is no comparison," they said.
The same might be said for Warner, who served in the Senate from 1979 to 2009, and whose career was marked by one of civility and ability to reach across the aisles — something that is lacking today, some speakers noted.
During their Senate career, they were a key booster of the legislation that led to the current partnership between Newport News and Electric Boat, one that the Defense Department has hailed as a model of success for delivering submarines ahead of schedule and under budget.
Besides paying respect to their wife, Warner was both folksy and serious in their remarks before a crowd estimated by shipyard officials to be around 7,000.
In what appeared to be a call for bipartisanship and practical thinking, they pulled out a copy of the 1991 resolution that authorized U.S. forces to oust Saddam Hussein from Kuwait. The vote was close and the issue hotly debated, but once it ended the troops had the full support of Congress. Today's threats are more complex and just as immediate, and the current Congress needs to exercise that same kind of leadership, they said.
They brought the crowd to its feet when they motioned to the submarine's crew, standing at parade rest in their dress whites. Noticing their posture, they called out to the submarine's commander, Cmdr. Dan Caldwell.
"Commander Caldwell, put your troops at ease, will you please? It's been a long evening. Relax men. Relax."
As the crew did as ordered, Warner turned to Mabus and said, "See, Mr. Secretary? I still have a little authority."
Lessig can be reached by phone at 757-247-7821.
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said ahead of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's arrival in Washington next week that although the United States and Israel view the Iran deal differently, they have to continue cooperation in all other matters concerning Iran.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
In an interview with journalist Jeffrey Goldberg, published Tuesday in The Atlantic, Carter said: "We have to move on to the business we have in common and that means - specifically with respect to Iran - working together to counter their other malign activities in the region, which are just as worrying to us as they are to Israel, as well as monitoring the implementation of the agreement.”
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (Photo: Emile Salman)
In the interview Carter said that following their visit to Israel in July, and the reciprocal visit of Defense Minister Ya'alon in Washington last week, the dialogue between the partners had expanded beyond the Iranian issue to cover cyberwar and Hezbollah's missile threat.
.
Israeli innovations have saved many American lives
The US Defense Secretary praised Israeli innovations in the military domain which help, according to him, the US military. “It's a two-way relationship. There's no question that it's not symmetric, but it is two-way - we really do get things from the Israelis in technology," they said.
"I hesitate to make invidious comparisons, but if you're making comparisons to, say, the European legacy arms (industry), the guys who have made the tanks and planes and ships in Europe, they've been very slow to come out of the industrial age. The Israelis you will find to be more clever and more innovative."
Carter presented as an example the Israeli solution to improvised explosive devices (IEDs) which killed many US soldiers in Iraq. “The Israelis were really quite ingenious in this area and we got a lot from them. There's no question that lives were saved as a consequence of their (help). They're not good in everything across the board, but they're as good as us in some areas. They're in a league that has very few members."
US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter on a visit to Israel (Photo: US Embassy)
At the meeting next week between President Obama and Prime Minister Netanyahu the issue of maintaining Israel's qualitative military edge will likely be raised. Carter pointed out that Israel receives better quality weapons than all the Sunni countries combined. They added that Israel doesn't believe the Saudis and other Arab states will use sophisticated American weapons against them. “They worry about rogue officers taking off in a one-off thing, right up to regime change, or whatever you want to call it, in Saudi Arabia, and having an entirely new show there."
The father of the "bunker-buster bomb"
Regarding the Iranian threat to Israel the secretary of defense emphasized: “Maybe if Iran were a neighbor of Israel, and it had a military of substantial size, even though nothing like the sophistication of Israel's... Plus a long border that would have to be defended, and it were running around calling Israel the little Satan, son of the great Satan, then I would say that that's a serious problem akin to what Israel had with Jordan, Syria, and Egypt in the old days… It just so happens that Iran is not a neighbor, and therefore the way that Iran attacks is more indirect. Of course, it doesn't feel that way if a rocket is coming in from Hezbollah in the north, but you know what I mean.”
To emphasize that the military option is still on the table, Carter mentioned in an interview that as undersecretary for acquisition, technology, and logistics in the early years of the Obama administration, they were the father of the MOP, the massive ordnance penetrator, designed to penetrate Iran's underground nuclear facilities. "It was an order from above", alluding to the White House, "and the order is to continue to improve it, and that's what I do."
Carter is described in the article as having better relations with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu than anyone else in the White House except, perhaps, Vice President Joe Biden. During Netanyahu's meeting with the defense secretary in July, they realized that they attended rival high schools in Philadelphia. "We started talking about the local sports teams and things like that," Carter said.
