Installing PTS is usually a very simple tutorial, but it would take you hours.
Depending on your internet connection and the BW servers' condition, it will take you between a couple hours to many, many hours. The live game is ~25GB, the Game with PTS is ~52GB. If you have the game already installed, you can add PTS on top of it. At this moment it is not possible (possible, but not easy or recommended) to install PTS on a separate Drive or Partition.
To install and access PTS, follow these steps (or check the video linked below):
1. Download the game client from swtor.com and install it
2. Log in to the client and install the Live game
3. From the button in the bottom left corner open the settings window and make PTS available
4. Wait for the client to download and install PTS
5. Every time when you open the launcher, be sure to select PTS from the new button in the bottom left corner
(Visited 724 times, 1 visits today)
Coalition MP George Christensen supports legalising marijuana and removing taxes on tobacco
Updated
A Federal Government MP says they support decriminalising marijuana and wants some taxes and restrictions on tobacco removed because double standards on the issue gives them the "irrits".
George Christensen, who is an outspoken Queensland Liberal National MP and the Member for Dawson, shared an image on their Facebook page which claimed smoking marijuana caused more damage to lungs than smoking tobacco – it was being used to attack anti-smoking campaigners.
The post generated a robust discussion about the effects of marijuana and tobacco, which prompted Mr Christensen to criticise both the criminalisation of marijuana and taxes on tobacco.
"Not that I agree that this is a reason to ban pot," they wrote.
"But what gives me the irrits is the double standards over restricting smoking versus a relaxed attitude to pot.
"My preference would be both to be legal with a lot of the taxes and restrictions removed."
Tobacco tax increases will raise $5.3 billion over four years
Mr Christensen has taken a free-market approach to car subsidies and corporate welfare in recent weeks, calling on car companies to pay back their taxpayer subsidies and backing the Government's hardline stance on industry assistance.
The Coalition Government agreed with the former Labor Government's four-stage tobacco excise increases which began last December; they will raise $5.3 billion over four years.
It also did not oppose Labor's plain packaging legislation, which was rolled out in 2012.
Australia became the first country to introduce the measure and it is currently being challenged in the World Trade Organisation.
Labor successfully pressured the Coalition into announcing its own ban on accepting donations from tobacco companies during the last election.
The Opposition has attacked Mr Christensen's comments supporting decriminalising marijuana.
"They are clearly not the same thing and Mr Christensen should know better," said the Opposition's health spokesperson Catherine King.
Ms King called on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to reassure the community that the Coalition was not planning to decriminalise cannabis use.
"Unless the Government is happy to have Coalition MPs freelancing on drug policy, their comments should be clarified."
Topics: drug-use, federal---state-issues, federal-government, qld
First posted
The theft of 744,000 bitcoins from Japanese-based Mt. Gox cryptocurrency exchange on Monday has not just driven the price of bitcoin down, but as a result has driven down the price of every one of the next top 40 cryptocurrencies.
According to the website CoinMarketCap, which monitors the market capitalisation of all cryptocurrencies, the various digital currencies are showing drops of anywhere between 10% and 40% for the digital currencies listed.
Bitcoin's value has dropped 20% in the last 24 hours, and its price is currently listed at $456 on the site. The cryptocurrency's overall market value has dropped from $8 billion yesterday to $6bn today, and the price is continuing to drop.
The rest of the top five (mineable) cryptocurrencies have seen their value drop in line with bitcoin, and despite attempts to separate themselves from the number one cryptocurrency, they are still inextricably linked to Satoshi Nakamoto's invention.
Litecoin is down 16%, peercoin down 18% while the popular meme-based cryptocurrency dogecoin is also down just over 16%.
Huntercoin shines
The sole shining light in the sea of negative numbers on CoinMarketCap seems to be huntercoin, whch has seen its market capitalisation rise by more than 50% in the same period.
It is unclear why this particular cryptocurrency is bucking the downward trend, but the fact that around 80% of the coins are only obtainable inside a virtual universe which resides inside the blockchain, could have something to do with it.
The fallout from the Mt. Gox affair is likely to continue for some time to come, but there is already a move to isolate the exchange from the wider cryptocurrency community in order to avoid a bigger problem:
"We are confident, however, that strong bitcoin companies, led by highly competent teams and backed by credible investors, will continue to thrive, and to fulfil the promise that bitcoin offers as the future of payment in the Internet age."
This is part of a statement from a group of companies including exchanges Kraken, Bitstamp and BTC China, as well as bitcoin wallet-makers Coinbase and Blockchain and is clearly an attempt to limit the impact of this hugely damaging incident on the wider cryptocurrency industry.
The Huffington Post and Mother Jones both post audio of what may be a blockbuster moment: Mitt Romney telling a private fundraiser that 47 percent of the American people — the voters who can be counted on to vote for Obama — are “dependent on government,” “believe that they are victims,” and think government “has a responsibility to care for them.”
“I'll never convince them they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives,” Romney says. Mother Jones' video is here.
The Romney press office repeatedly refused to comment on the video. Here's a transcript:
“There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what. All right, there are 47 percent who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe that government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you-name-it. That that's an entitlement. And the government should give it to them. And they will vote for this president no matter what...
“Our message of low taxes doesn't connect...so my job is is not to worry about those people. I'll never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives. What I have to do is convince the five to 10 percent in the center that are independents, that are thoughtful....”
Romney seems to be thinking he's making an electoral argument here — these voters are simply not gettable for him, so they need to focus on the center. But their explanation veers into a truly extreme version of a theory that's widespread on the right: Democrats are trying to encourage dependency on government for the explicit purpose of enlarging the pool of voters who can be relied upon to vote Democratic for the rest of their lives, in order to preserve the government handouts they enjoy.
In Romney's telling, all of these 47 percent of voters are complicit in this arrangement. As a result, there is no hope of ever persuading them to take personal responsibility for their lives. They seem to be conflating the government-dependency conspiracy theory with another right wing meme — the complaint that 47 percent of Americans pay no income taxes. Put those together and you arrive at Romney's formulation.
In a sense, this is an extreme version of a narrative Romney has adopted on multiple fronts. They have charged that Obama is taking away hard won Medicare benefits from seniors to redistribute them to other people; they claim Obama is gutting welfare reform to send welfare checks to those who don't work; and has even suggested Obama is doing the latter to appeal to theirs “base.” The attacks on Obama's “you didn't build that” speech are of a piece with this, pushing the notion that Obama demeans your hard work and individual initiative because they think only government-sponsored success constitues real achievement and wants to expand government into every aspect of our lives, forever increasing government dependency and perpetually eroding good old fashioned American self reliance.
I've argued here that the Romney campaign often seems to be running against a version of Obama that exists only in the imagination of the Fox/Limbaugh base and doesn't really exist in the minds of swing and undecided voters. This takes the narrative to a whole new level; how will voters in the middle react to their contemptuous tone towards nearly half of Americans? What's more, the ranks of the oft-discussed 47 percent, many of whom pay no federal income taxes but do pay state and local taxes , are swelled with working class voters and seniors, and many of them are obviously Romney supporters — and hardly think of themselves as Big Government freeloaders. Yet Romney, inadvertently or not, has lumped them all in with their Obama-fosters-government-dependency narrative.
***************************************
UPDATE: The Obama campaign pounces:
“It's shocking that a candidate for President of the United States would go behind closed doors and declare to a group of wealthy donors that half the American people view themselves as ‘victims,' entitled to handouts, and are unwilling to take ‘personal responsibility' for their lives. It's hard to serve as president for all Americans when you've disdainfully written off half the nation.”
UPDATE II: Another take on why Romney's theory of the freeloading 47 percent really matters.
It just got a lot harder to evade browser fingerprinting: a bunch of boffins has worked out how to fingerprint the machine behind the browser, using only information provided by browser features.
Like so many ideas, it's obvious once someone's thought of it: activities that aren't processed in the browser are treated the same whether the page is rendered in (say) Chrome, Firefox, IE or Edge.
The group – Yinzhi Cao and Song Li of from Lehigh University in Pennsylvania, and Erik Wijmans from Washington University in St. Louis – have worked out how to access various operating system and hardware-level features that can fingerprint an individual machine, regardless of browser.
These include screen resolution with zoom; CPU virtual cores; installed fonts and writing scripts; the AudioContext call; GPU features such as line and curve rendering, anti-aliasing, shading, and transparency; and more.
The researchers reckon they can fingerprint a machine with 99.24 per cent accuracy (compared to under 91 per cent for browser fingerprinting).
Cao and friends say there's one browser that defeats the worst of their attacks: the Tor browser. That's because the Tor people have the position of being paranoid by default: it normalises many of the outputs Cao uses. The only features not given fake values by the Tor browser, the paper says, are screen width-to-height ratio, and AudioContext.
Cao has published the paper at their personal page, here. ®
Police officers and migrants stood on the end of a bridge between Sweden and Denmark in Malmo, Sweden, in November 2015. (Ake Jonsson/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
President Trump caused confusion during a Saturday rally in Florida when they said: “You look at what's happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this?” Trump then mentioned the French cities of Nice and Paris and the Belgian capital, Brussels. The three European cities were attacked by terrorists over the past two years.
Although Trump did not explicitly say it, their remarks were widely perceived in the United States and abroad as suggesting that an attack had occurred Friday night in Sweden.
At a Florida rally on Feb. 18, President Trump listed several countries with large numbers of refugees that were recently struck by terror attacks. "You look at what's happening last night in Sweden," Trump said. Swedish authorities are not aware of any such incident that night. (Reuters)
Trump attempted to clarify their remarks, tweeting Sunday: “My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden.”
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants & Sweden. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 19, 2017
On Monday, Trump elaborated a bit with another tweet:
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully. NOT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 20, 2017
Trump probably was referring to an interview with filmmaker Ami Horowitz on Fox News Channel's “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” which started circulating on social media shortly after Trump's speech in Florida. Horowitz has blamed refugees for what they say is a crime wave in Sweden. The filmmaker's claims have since come under scrutiny, as Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter reported Monday. Two Swedish police officers who were interviewed by Horowitz said that their comments had been taken out of context. One of them, Anders Göranzon, accused the filmmaker of being a “madman.”
Such claims by Horowitz and others have driven up Google search traffic for information on Swedish crime statistics in recent weeks. In fact, interest in the issue has never been higher over the past four years.
Trump's references to Sweden seemed to suggest that the country's welcoming approach to refugees and its alleged effects on crime rates should be a warning sign. But were the president's remarks justified?
“Absolutely not,” said Felipe Estrada, a criminology professor at Stockholm University. Their response was echoed Monday by multiple other experts who are familiar with Swedish crime statistics.
Overall, Sweden's average crime rate has fallen in recent years, Estrada said. That drop has been observed for cases of lethal violence and for assaults, two of the most serious categories of crime.
Moreover, an analysis by Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter, conducted between October 2015 and January 2016, came to the conclusion that refugees were responsible for only 1 percent of all incidents. Researchers caution, however, that segregation and long-term unemployment of refugees could have a negative effect on crime rates in Sweden in the future.
Germany, the other European country that took in similar numbers of refugees per capita in 2015, also has refuted claims that the influx led to an increase in crime. “Immigrants are not more criminal than Germans,” an interior ministry spokesperson said in June. Overall, crime levels in Germany declined over the first quarter of 2016, officials said last year.
[The rise of Trump has led to an unexpected twist in Germany's election: A resurgent left]
Nevertheless, skepticism has persisted in Germany, Sweden and elsewhere. A Pew Research Center study conducted in early 2016 indicated that 46 percent of Swedes believed that “refugees in our country are more to blame for crime than other groups.”
Reports about alleged police coverups of refugee crimes might have contributed to distrust in official statistics. Criminologists also say that a handful of cases has received disproportionate public attention, creating a distorted perception among Swedes.
“What we're hearing is a very, very extreme exaggeration based on a few isolated events,” Jerzy Sarnecki, a criminologist at Stockholm University, told the Globe and Mail newspaper in May, when coverage of refugee-related crimes reached a peak.
[The man who set fire to a German refugee shelter turns out to be a politician]
There is one statistic in which Sweden does indeed lead international crime statistics, though: reported cases of rape. When three men raped a woman on Facebook Live, the incident made headlines worldwide. But criminologists say refugees are not the reason Sweden has such an extraordinarily high number of rape cases.
“The [definitions] of rape differ between countries,” Estrada said. “In Sweden, several changes in legislation have been made to include more cases of sexual crimes as rape cases.” Sweden's definition of what constitutes rape is now one of the world's most expansive. Varying figures, as well as other Swedish measures to facilitate rape complaints, might have affected statistics, as well.
[Three men raped a woman in Sweden on Facebook Live]
Swedish crime experts also do not agree that immigrants have created so-called no-go areas in Sweden — areas that allegedly are too dangerous for native Swedes to enter and are effectively run by criminals. “This perception is fabricated,” Estrada said. But they and others pointed out that the refugee influx poses challenges to Sweden, just not in the way it is being portrayed by some.
“Even [though] there are no 'no-go zones' as alleged in the propaganda, there are problems around crimes and disturbances in several suburbs of Swedish cities, where immigrant groups tend to be over-represented,” said Henrik Selin, director of intercultural dialogue at the Swedish Institute
“Sweden definitely, like other countries, [faces] challenges when it comes to integration of immigrants into Swedish society, with lower levels of employment, tendencies of exclusion and also crime-related problems,” Selin said. There is little evidence, however, that Sweden has turned into the lawless country it is at times being described as abroad.
Read more:
Sweden has no idea what Trump meant when they said, ‘You look at what's happening … in Sweden'
Trump says German crime levels have risen and refugees are to blame. Not exactly.
Border Force Act: detention secrecy just got worse
Posted
Those working in Australia's detention centres are now forbidden under threat of jail time from revealing information to anyone about anything they come across while doing their jobs, write Greg Barns and George Newhouse.
Seven days ago, a new Commonwealth law came into force. Called the Australian Border Force Act 2015, this legislation will have far-reaching and disturbing consequences for the scrutiny of immigration detention centres and the treatment of asylum seekers by the media, professional groups, international human rights bodies and NGOs.
The Australian Border Force Act, supported by the ALP and opposed only by the Greens, effectively turns the Department of Immigration into a secret security organisation with police powers. Although the Act seems to be directed at Customs operations, it also seeks to regulate and control access to information about asylum seekers in immigration detention.
Under the Act, it is a criminal offence, punishable by imprisonment of up to two years, for any person working directly or indirectly for the Department of Immigration and Border Protection to reveal to the media or any other person or organisation (the only exceptions being the Immigration Department and other Commonwealth agencies, police, coroners) anything that happens in detention centres like Nauru and Manus Island.
Section 24 of the Act requires that any departmental workers or contractors to the department subscribe to an oath. There is no detail about the contents of the oath, and it is possible that the oath will prevent individuals such as doctors and nurses, as well as organisations such as the Salvation Army, Red Cross, United Nations and Amnesty International, from fulfilling their ethical and professional obligations to report physical and mental harm.
Section 26 of the Border Force Act allows the Australian Border Force Commissioner to direct people who work for the department including contractors, consultants and people who work for foreign governments or for public international organisations. These directions must be followed. This will inhibit contractors from abiding by their professional obligations or from following the generally accepted standards required to fulfil their roles. The Commissioner could, for example, direct that medical staff on Nauru ensure they seek permission from them before accepting a request to provide a briefing on their work to a medical organisation such as the AMA.
Further, workers may need to undergo "Organisational Suitability Assessments" as part of their essential qualifications. The Explanatory Memorandum that accompanied the legislation contemplates that this will be to "screen" individuals that may be less likely to comply with secrecy and non-disclosure requirements.
Section 42 of the Act is disturbing in its heading alone. It is entitled "Secrecy". It provides that a person who is an "entrusted person" commits an offence if they or they make a record of, or discloses, what is termed protected information. An "entrusted person" is defined in the Act to mean not only government employees, but also a consultant or contractor. And "protected information" simply means any information that a person comes across while working for, or in, detention centres.
If section 42 is not chilling enough, consider the definition of "corrupt conduct". It includes conduct by an employee or contractor or consultant that is judged to be "abusing their or their position".
The effect of these provisions will be to deter individuals such as doctors, counsellors, and others who have voiced publicly their concerns about the appalling conditions endured by asylum seekers in detention centres from collecting information about those conditions and then raising their concerns in the community via the media and other fora.
So, for example, those former and current medical staff, teachers and social workers who signed and released a letter last month that referred to sexual assaults and abuse occurring at the Nauru detention centre could now be charged and prosecuted under section 42. No doubt there might also be consideration given to whether or not they had abused their positions by going public with their concerns and therefore engaged in corrupt conduct.
The Abbott Government is erecting an iron curtain of secrecy over what is happening and what has happened in Australia's immigration detention system. The Act not only criminalises whistleblowers but those such as medical professionals and teachers who believe they have an ethical duty to report physical and mental harm that occurs in a systemic fashion. It may be that these new requirements put vulnerable people's lives at risk but given the secrecy requirements of the Act, we will never know.
The Border Force Act goes much further than any other Commonwealth, state or territory legislation in seeking to reduce scrutiny of government actions in a detention setting. This legislation is antithetical to a society that professes to be a liberal democracy where independent scrutiny of, and protection for those who lift the veil on human rights abuses ought to be the norm.
Greg Barns is a barrister and spokesperson for the Australian Lawyers Alliance. George Newhouse is a Special Counsel with Shine Lawyers Social Justice Department.
Topics: defence-and-national-security, laws, prisons-and-punishment
It's hard to be a boy these days. A boy today goes to schools run mostly by women, who are under intense pressure to get test scores up. Their recess is reduced or taken away because there is so much to learn. Their need to move, express, and rough house—perfectly natural activities for a young male mammal—is contained so they can learn. The videos game they escape to as a secondary outlet are shunned. Sports need to be “fair” where there are no losers and everyone is a winner.
I didn't grow up in that world. I would much rather have gone to school when I did than now—and I was mercilessly picked on because of what would now be labeled Asperger's Syndrome and dyslexia. The unfairness of my school was obvious and I learned to do something about it. I learned to stand up for myself.
The schools our boys are in today are controlled so well, they don't consciously know that it's not natural or fair. If one of these boys was to object, they are labeled a trouble-maker, and punished. Or worse, drugged to control their “hyperactivity.”
Did we ever think that maybe many of our hyperactive boys are simply boys who actually maintained some of their boyness? Just like in family systems where the person who acts out the most is often the healthiest, these active boys are perhaps more linked to the instinctual nature of maleness.
A boy is different than a girl, just as a man is different than a woman. In our desire to right past wrongs against women, we suppressed many of the primordial necessities of masculinity. I would be the first to admit that how many of those qualities expressed themselves were not serving anyone—little boys pulling girls' hair, beating each other to a pulp, etc. But I question if the solution is an androgynous society.
If we don't watch it we will be creating a culture of neutered men. It's bad enough to disparage masculinity, but to take away a boy's chance to be a boy is cruel. A man has some power to get what they need; a boy doesn't.
What are we afraid of? What's so bad about boys roughhousing, or even occasionally fighting? As a victim of childhood bullying, I'm not advocating bullying. But we need to look at what it is to be a boy, and what they need. Not what we need them to be or do. As adults, our role is to guide a child's development and not confine it. A boy, in particular, learns from action, challenge and failing. They learn what not to do from their failures. They also learn how to recover from them. They can't do that sitting at a desk six hours a day.
Young men are graduating less than women from college and graduate school. It's great that women are stepping up… but many of the young men are stepping down from education as the traditional male jobs are declining.
These same men are losing the social skills of preceding generations. They and their female peers speak about how group dating and texting are how these men intact with women. When one of these men is alone with a woman, he's lost. Not because there is anything wrong with him, because they didn't have the opportunity to discover their masculinity through modeling older men or trial and error. Nor did they have a chance in school to start their relating to girls in a young boy's way of showing that they notices there is a difference by rejecting girls. A boy and a man often first steps back before they step up to relate. Not giving them room to do that represses their instinctual behaviors.
Feminization of the masculine role model
Starting with the loss of male elementary school teachers, to fathers who are away at work for 8 to 12 hours a day, and the predominance of female caregivers, boys are looking to the feminine to learn about the masculine. At the risk of not being politically incorrect, women can't teach boys all that is needed to be men. Many single mothers do an amazing job raising boys. In some cases I'm sure they're better than the boys' fathers might have been. Yet there is something that happens to a boy when he's around a mature man. They settle down – they give their respect to the man. Just that is a unique male quality.
It was only about 100 years ago that school became a requirement in the Industrialized World. I'm not sure we yet perceive the full impact of how we educate our boys. It's great that women teach boys how to be emotional. I'm all for that. Yet the void of masculinity is filled with the feminine. With the best of intentions, boys are taught how to be boys primarily by women.
We need to be aware that a man's empathetic skills differ from a woman's. That difference is part of the set up for the polarity between the sexes. That polarity keeps the dynamics of a relationship vital. Without that polarity, a couple sometimes melds to be one, which is at least boring and often stifling. A boy who is raised to be like a girl never gets to embody that polarity. They never gets to feel the inherent tension between the sexes. They never gets to struggle through the matrix of ever changing energies. They learn to meld with the woman, not complement them
Ali Carr-Chellman is an instructional designer at Penn State and author who studies the most effective ways to teach kids. In this TED video they tell us that we are preventing boys from being boys. Our “zero tolerance” policy for toys that could be construed as weapons are one of the many ways boys can't be boys. They passionately speak to how well- meaning women are suppressing budding masculinity.
How to revive boys
Realizing there is a problem is the first step. Then accepting that boys and girls are different, and that it's a good thing, is the second step. From there we can look at how boys mature. When you give boys space to be, you start noticing these distinctions. Yes, you risk that boys will hurt themselves and others. I contend that repercussions from those injuries are less than from repressing their nature. A boy learns to respect their body's limits when they are left to discover its limits. I'm not advocating that coaches push their bodies beyond their capacities – that is not only dangerous, it is cruel.
Rather than fight what boys today want let's find a way to use what they want to guide their development. Alison Armstrong talks about this, as I do in my upcoming book, Grow Up, Guys: 9 Steps to Releasing the Remarkable Man Inside You. Let's create video games that teach them the skills they need to learn to be successful men such as empathy and cooperation.
One way you will know a boy is exploring their boyness is when you see them being active, perhaps aggressive, irrational, challenged, competitive, making mistakes, learning, and possibly being irreverent or even disrespectful. As adults and the authority we may not like these behaviors. That's ok. We just need to give boys a healthy way to express. Sports are the traditional way. They can work. For some boys it may be video games, and for others intellectual endeavors may be their venue of expression.
Add masculinity to their diet. Give them more male mentors. Encourage more male teachers. Ask boys what they want to do. Take them to places where there are other boys being boys and men hanging out. When we do community events and there are boys around, I can feel the awkwardness the boys feel around men. They aren't used to us. They don't know how to relate to us – we are a foreign energy.
Think about our ancestors: for 200,000 years, boys hunted with the men of tribe, until the onset of agriculture 10,000 years ago. In hunter-gather cultures, everything is shared, including childrearing. Both boys and girls always have someone to be with and learn from. The boys have a safe place to be challenged where they can compete, experiment, fail and be mentored.
Building on our tribal ancestors' experience, let's give these boys the benefits of micro-communities where they get to experience a full array of personal interaction. We don't need to go live in huts; we can create small communities where childrearing can be a little more shared. In my small town, I see that all the time. People have moved here to build careers that are flexible, so both parents participate fully in child-rearing with the help of their neighbors. The parents as well as the kids benefit. Organizations like Boys Clubs and Boys Scouts are great as are the more organic communities that develop around our lives. Let boys participate; they want to learn how to be with adults. They are much less fragile than we believe. Their robustness comes from their ability to recover from adversity, even the adversity of our families.
For both boys and girls, tell the truth more often. Tell them what they feel in their guts is true. Tell them that you are upset when you are upset… then tell them that it will be ok. When you tell anyone a lie, they don't hear what you say after it.
A call to action
If we want to transform our culture, we need to change how we view, treat and teach our boys. That will also mean expanding the frame we hold men in. Let's make it cool to be a boy or a man. Then let's give our boys and men the tools they need to build the life they want.
We all want to do the right thing. When a boy misbehaves, don't just see it as misbehaving or acting out. Expand your view to see that maybe there's a deeper urge needing to express itself. Co-create with that boy a place for that urge to express itself, possibly a way for it to contribute.
That masculine box men and boys are in don't serve us. Just because men were in power didn't mean it benefitted everyman. As we break out of these limiting boxes, we can design a new model for what it is to be a boy. When we create a bigger frame for how we view boys, I suspect we will see boys show up in a different way.
For women, we aren't the enemy. We want to support and honor you. Here's a secret: show a boy or a man appreciation and they will melt. They so much wants to serve and be loved. Give that boy a task and honor them for it. Let them contribute.
Set us free. Let men and boys learn from each other. We need to be around that male energy. It's an essential nutrient. When we get it we are stronger, more loving and more present. Let men and boys struggle with learning masculine emotional intelligence. We will get it.
For the men, stand up. Risk that you may upset others as you model your masculine energy for boys. Boys need to not only see men succeed; they need to see us fail. In the failure they see it's ok to mess up. Start modeling for your sons what you want them to be as men. That might be the biggest gift you could give them.
Also, help other men. We need the collective to teach us what our father and their fathers didn't teach. Join a men's group, have some real conversations with men, and get honest with the boys in your life. Tell them that being a man is not what the TV shows them.
For all of us, it's not our fault. Our culture and its stress took over. We can take back our ancestral masculinity. But now we know, and now we have a choice. Buried in our genome are the roots to being a boy and a man.
The game randomly crashes whenever I'm in the bloodshot stronghold - during the save roland mission and throughout various side quests. Sound would cut out and then crash. Game is buggy...
Let us know what you the biggest bug you have faced is in the comments below!
Reports by many gamers suggest that Borderlands 2 on PS Vita is full of many bugs, some even game-breaking.............The biggest PS Vita release this year Borderlands 2 has been reported to include a sleuth of bugs. Many errors have been reported for example one GameFAQs user posts:Not only this but there are slowdowns and frame rate drops in many areas of the game such as "Sanctuary", "Southern Shelf" and "Caustic Caverns."Others have been simply reporting that the game includes a "ton" of bugs such asA list of bug reports and comments can be seen on NeoGAF and GameFAQs Sony has not responded to these comments but since Sony has put a lot of faith in Borderlands 2 it isvia a patch as soon as possible, it's hard to imagine Sony not bothering to work on these issues.
Former CIA director Richard Helms. (Photo11: ABC)
WASHINGTON — CIA Director Richard Helms misled the FBI in June 1972 to cover up their agency's role in helping to smear the reputation of Daniel Ellsberg, the man who leaked a secret history of the Vietnam War to the press, a newly released CIA document shows.
In a June 28, 1972, memo to their deputy, Vernon Walters, Helms wrote that they asked the FBI to "desist from expanding this investigation into other areas which may well, eventually, run afoul of our operations." Those details are included in the 155-page CIA inspector general's report that was obtained through Freedom of Information Act request by the conservative legal watchdog Judicial Watch and released Tuesday. Other elements of the document were first reported Tuesday by Fox News.
Helms' misdirection enabled the CIA's role in the Pentagon Papers case to go undiscovered for 11 months amid a growing political scandal that would eventually force President Richard Nixon from office and lead to an extensive investigation into abuses by the CIA and other parts of the U.S. Intelligence community.
The FBI was investigating the June 17, 1972, break-in at the Democratic National Committee headquarters in the Watergate office complex in Washington. Five burglars with ties to the CIA were arrested inside the DNC offices; one, James McCord, was a retired CIA official and the current head of security for Nixon's reelection committee. Two other team members, E. Howard Hunt and G. Gordon Liddy, were monitoring the break-in attempt from a nearby hotel.
The CIA report was produced by the agency's inspector general in 1974 to examine the agency's ties to the break-in and whether CIA officials were involved in the operation's planning and execution.
Hunt, the group's leader, was a former CIA agent and member of a secret White House investigative team known as the Plumbers. FBI investigators recovered a phone book of Hunt's that included the names of two CIA officials, John Caswell and Karl Wagner, whom the bureau wanted to interview.
Helms told acting FBI Director L. Patrick Gray on June 28 that Caswell and Wagner were active CIA agents who should not be interviewed. Agents had already talked to Caswell, who told them little, but Gray ordered the FBI not to interview Wagner, records show.
Who was Karl Wagner?
However, Wagner was the CIA official who coordinated the agency's extensive assistance to Hunt, who obtained disguises, fake identification, special cameras, psychological evaluations and the use of a safe house as part of the White House-led campaign to investigate Ellsberg.
At the time of the CIA's assistance to Hunt in the summer and fall of 1971, Wagner was the executive assistant to deputy CIA director Robert Cushman. It has long been known that Cushman, who worked for Nixon when they were vice president, had helped Hunt get CIA assets. It was Wagner, who facilitated most of the agency's assistance of Hunt, and it is that role that is illuminated in great detail in the CIA report.
Wagner also recorded a July 22, 1971, meeting between Cushman and Hunt in which they discussed the agency's help for Hunt. When Cushman left the CIA in December 1971 to become the commandant of the Marine Corps, Cushman's secretary and Wagner "had gone through all their files and records, including room and telephone transcripts, destroying some, sending others to archives and in a few cases retaining items which they felt had continuing relevance," the CIA report said. Wagner kept the Cushman-Hunt transcript in their safe but could not find it when the post-Watergate break-in investigation started.
Later, on July 22, 1971, the CIA report said, "Wagner was asked by Hunt not to identify them to other personnel or to indicate it was a sensitive matter requested by the White House."
Gray complied with Helms' request to not interview Wagner, but they eventually concluded that the White House was trying to hinder the FBI investigation into Watergate. In a 2008 book written with their son Ed, Gray said they also realized later that Helms had lied when they asked them not to interview Wagner.
"In our telephone call, and again later in the investigation when they held back physical evidence, Helms committed obstruction of justice," Gray wrote in their memoir, In Nixon's Web.
The Pentagon Papers
Ellsberg, a former contractor for the Pentagon who was working for a think tank, had stolen the Pentagon's secret history of the U.S. role in Vietnam and given it to The New York Times, which first published details in June 1971. The history, soon dubbed the Pentagon Papers, showed how U.S. officials from the 1950s through 1968 had lied about American policy in Vietnam and how the nation steadily drifted into a war that would cost more than 58,000 U.S. servicemembers their lives.
Although Nixon was not mentioned in the papers, which were compiled before they took office in January 1969, they were concerned that other documents concerning their sabotage of the 1968 Paris Peace Talks could leak. They asked the FBI, then led by director J. Edgar Hoover, to investigate, but Hoover refused. Nixon then authorized the creation of a special investigations unit at the White House, which soon became called the Plumbers, to investigate and to smear Ellsberg's reputation in the press.
Daniel Ellsberg in 1973. (Photo11: Wally Fong, AP)
The Plumbers included Hunt, Liddy, former National Security Council aide David Young and White House aide Egil Krogh, who was the group's nominal leader. They reported to Nixon through John Ehrlichman, Nixon's domestic policy adviser and one of their closest aides.
The CIA, the report said, had grave concerns about the Pentagon Papers. "The collective totality of Agency material in the Pentagon Papers would tell any sophisticated or professional outsider a very great deal about how the Agency goes about doing its business," the report said. "This would constitute a major windfall for any hostile intelligence service and greatly facilitate future denigration operations, including the preparation of fabricated documents, forgeries or other types of tailored disinformation.
"It is against this backdrop that the Administration's concern and efforts against Ellsberg must be viewed," the report continued. "Not only did they feel that an example must be made of Ellsberg to forestall future leaks, but also they felt that if they were in touch with the Soviets, as had been rumored, it was of vital importance to identify their contacts. The concern was legitimate, the means to achieve their ends was, to say the least, questionable."
Two attempts to prosecute Ellsberg for stealing the Pentagon Papers would fail. A federal judge threw out the government's case in May 1973 in part because of the CIA's role in attacking Ellsberg.
Ellsberg's psychiatrist
Hunt knew from their time in the CIA that the agency often conducted psychological reviews of world figures, and they wanted the agency to provide one on Ellsberg in the hopes they could leak details to the press and claim Ellsberg was mentally unstable. In the end, two such evaluations were provided to the Plumbers after special pleading to Helms by Young, the CIA report said.
"I have seen the two papers which [name redacted] prepared for you," Helms wrote Young on Nov. 9, 1971. "We are, of course," glad to be of assistance. I do wish to underline the point that our involvement in this matter should not be revealed in any context, formal or informal. I am sure you appreciate our concern."
Hunt and their colleagues, however, were not satisfied with the CIA evaluations. They had also learned that Ellsberg had seen a Beverly Hills, Calif., psychiatrist, Dr. Lewis Fielding, in 1969 and 1970. They believed Ellsberg's file in Fielding's office contained potentially damaging revelations about Ellsberg's mental health.
E. Howard Hunt in 1973. (Photo11: File photo)
Using CIA-provided aliases, disguises, cameras and electronics gear, Hunt and Liddy led two break-ins into Fielding's office in September 1971. They and the rest of their team of CIA-connected exiles from Cuba trashed the office in what was believed to be an unsuccessful attempt to find anything damaging about Ellsberg. Those break-ins would become part of one of the two articles of impeachment approved against Nixon in July 1974. Ehrlichman would go to prison for their involvement in the Fielding case.
"The adverse publicity for the Agency that resulted when the burglary of Dr. Fielding's office surfaced in April 1973 confirm that the anxiety and concern over this matter, by the Doctors and other Agency officials, was well founded," the CIA report concluded.
The CIA stops its help
After Hunt left the CIA in April 1970, the agency helped them land a job at a Washington public relations firm, Mullen and Company, that was considered a CIA front operation. The CIA report said that Robert Bennett, who helped run the company, was believed to have lied to federal prosecutors about their ties with the CIA. Bennett was later a Republican U.S. senator from Utah from 1993 to 2011.
Hunt had extensive contacts with their former associates at the CIA during much of the summer and fall of 1971, the CIA report said. They met with Cushman and Thomas Karamessines, the agency's head of covert operations. They met with Caswell, the executive officer of the Europe division, about leaks of government information in France.
But Hunt went too far when they invited Liddy to accompany them to a meeting with an agency official providing them with fake identification.
G. Gordon Liddy (right), handcuffed and in the custody of a U.S. Marshal, arrives at the Criminal Courts building in Los Angeles on Sept. 25, 1973. (Photo11: Associated Press)
"I see two problems," Wagner wrote Cushman in an Aug. 27, 1971, memorandum included in the CIA report. "1) Hunt has brought a stranger into the picture who is now privy to [the Technical Services Division's] role in this affair. The White House should have cleared this with us and we must be told who the fellow is. They could embarrass us later. 2) Hunt's use of unique clandestine equipment in domestic activity of an uncertain nature also has potential for trouble. The Agency could suffer it its clandestine gear were discovered to be used in domestic security operations."
By Aug. 27, 1971, Wagner had called an official and "instructed them that CIA was to furnish no additional help to Hunt, that TSD should not accept any more requests from Hunt, and that Hunt should be asked to return sensitive materials from TSD," the CIA report said.
That, agency officials believed, ended their association with Hunt. They would learn otherwise on June 17, 1972, when the arrest of the Watergate burglars started a cascade of revelations, cover-ups and prosecutions that ended the Nixon presidency.
Ray Locker is the Washington enterprise editor of USA TODAY and author of Nixon's Gamble: How a President's Own Secret Government Destroyed Their Administration.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2bR2ADa
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim is seen with aides as they spoke at a luncheon with U.S. reporters at Cankaya Palace, their executive office building, in Ankara, Turkey, on March 9, 2017. (Photo11: Oren Dorell, USA TODAY)
ANKARA, Turkey — Turkey will consider speeding up the trial for an American pastor swept up in a crackdown after an attempted military coup last July, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said Thursday.
“What we can do at this stage is accelerate the trial” for Andrew Brunson, who was detained on Oct. 7 for allegedly threatening national security, Yildirim told a group of American journalists visiting Turkey's capital. “As you will appreciate, judiciary matters are not directly controlled by us.”
Brunson, who has lived in Turkey with their family for 23 years, has yet to be provided evidence to support the charge, said CeCe Heil, a lawyer for the American Center for Law and Justice, which is assisting with their legal defense. The North Carolina native is pastor of Izmir Resurrection Church in Turkey.
When asked about Brunson, Yildirim expressed frustration that the United States has not extradited to Turkey exiled Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by the government here of orchestrating the coup attempt. Gulen, who lives in Pennsylvania, has denied any involvement in the uprising.
The Obama administration did not turn Gulen over to Turkish authorities, saying they must go through a judicial process and Turkey must provide clear evidence of their involvement in the coup plot.
In this July 17, 2016 file photo, Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen speaks to members of the media at their compound in Saylorsburg, Pa. (Photo11: Chris Post, AP)
“I'm not establishing a connection between the two cases, but such an incident of a large scale was not taken seriously by the Obama administration,” Yildirim said, speaking through a translator. “They stalled for time, yet we had hundreds killed and thousands injured” in the coup attempt.
In a letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the law center representing Brunson said Turkey's arrest of tens of thousands of suspected coup sympathizers “swept up innocent religious minorities, especially Christians, in an ever-widening dragnet.”
“Here we have a NATO ally and they pride themselves for having the rule of law and religious freedom,” Heil said.
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee wrote a letter signed by 36 other senators and 41 members of the House of Representatives urging Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to consider Brunson's case. Brunson's treatment “places significant strain not only on them and their family, but also on the robust bilateral relationship between the United States and Turkey,” Corker wrote.
Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., who represents the district where Brunson went to college, said in an interview that “Turkey is a NATO ally and historically important to us," but added, "Is there a limit? Yes.”
Heil said Brunson was ordered to appear for deportation in Izmir, the coastal town where they live, but when they showed up, they were detained instead.
They were later transferred to another location and given a court hearing, but their lawyer had only one hour's notice to prepare, and the charge was changed to membership in an armed terrorist organization, Heil said. The center's lawyers have reviewed with Brunson's wife all of their contacts and meetings leading up to the coup and since, and found nothing that could be considered suspicious, they said.
“We have gone through everything and there is just nothing there,” they said. “If you widen the spectrum, as a pastor they don't know every single person who walks through the doors of their church, but they don't have any ties to any political organization or any terrorist organization.”
“The attorney has been told there's a secret witness, but we don't know anything about that," Heil said. We really don't know what they're basing this on, and it's hard to prepare a defense,” they said.
Heil worries that Brunson will be held as a hostage for Gulen, whose extradition must go through the U.S. court system before any political decision can be made by the State Department or President Trump.
Yildirim called that idea “nonsensical."
These matters are separate,” they said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mptnyo
Using cryptoeconomics to bridge divisions
Emad Mostaque Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 13, 2017
Crypto pictures are hard
The last few years have been unsettling with political upheaval and the rise of hate groups.
Technology isn't helping, with AI-enhanced filter bubbles and “fake news” deepening divisions.
However, these same tools can be used to bring people together if the incentives are right.
Ascending “Mount Stupid”
Crypto aficionados will be familiar with the Dunning-Kruger effect, where the uninformed learn a little and think they know everything, aka “Mount Stupid”.
It me
This can lead to some of the more vexing battles, from near-religious debates over hard forks to clashes between Bitcoin maximalists and Vitalikons.
Rationality often rapidly departs in online debates as the context of each participant can become the sticking point, particularly when it is part of a broader identity.
Descending “Mount Stupid”
One of the most effective ways to engage with others is to build from points of commonality, the context of others, a persuasion technique known as pacing and leading.
Context is what gives information value and transforms it into knowledge. However, the brightest minds of our generation are working to understand our contexts, how we think, just to serve us targeted ads. To give us more of what we want to see and hook us onto their platforms.
This misalignment of incentives, has also allowed hate groups to exploit these systems to radicalise susceptible individuals faster than ever, as well as allowing politicians to spread fear and hate for their own agendas.
However, there is a growing movement to use technology, especially technology which impacts how we think, in an ethical way, from AI to cryptocurrency that exhibits huge network effects.
This is because currency, properly constructed, is something that can incentivise specific outcomes.
Money — the most powerful story?
Currency only has value within the context that we give it — the narrative or the story, as historian Yuval Noah Harari refers to it, that communities tell that allows it to be exchanged in a trustless manner.
Bitcoin has benefited from the story of being an uncensorable store of value, particularly attractive in countries with unstable governments or capital controls.
The story is now changing to one of an asset used to diversify portfolios of investments, presaging the institutional investment wave.
Both stories drive the price of Bitcoin to incentivise mining coins, the process by which transactions are verified on the blockchain without an intermediary, as they incentivise “hodling “over spending like conventional, inflationary, currency.
The story of Bitcoin
Ethereum has a different story, one of a system where you can use crypto-economics, a combination of cryptographic algorithms and economic incentives, to create decentralised networks with memory.
This allowed the creation of a second layer, custom tokens, tokens that have attracted over $2.7 billion to fund the development of an incredible array of uses.
Most of these tokens are likely to be worthless they can substitute by Ethereum or even Bitcoin once both blockchains ramp up in terms of scaling transactions, atomic swaps and off-chain calculations, meaning you may as well hold Bitcoin or Ethereum.
Uniting against hate
However, if you take your time to build a private economy, you can build some truly interesting incentives.
In the case of our Ananas project, we wanted to model what different groups actually believed in a common format to bridge the widening gaps connecting users to the relevant resources.
The platform is based on a hyper-relational database created by our partners Grakn.ai where “knowledge graphs” can be mapped and augmented by artificial intelligence to deliver the right resources at the right time.
This allows communities to collate, create or even enhance resources that represent them, with these datasets becoming more representative over time through the consensus mechanisms, reflecting real world communities and the diversity within them.
Thus you can have curated, dynamic, datasets of what Salafi Muslims or Tea Party Republicans think, essential contextual information against waves of disinformation.
The first project powered by this platform is a “Living Quran”, where you can see the interpretation of the Quran and the context of every element within or across viewpoints.
This will make life much more difficult for Islamophobes and Islamic Extremists, which is A Good Thing.
This “objective subjective” approach recognises there are many contexts and stories that drive us, rather than the “objective” view of Wikipedia or the community commons of projects like Steemit or Lunyr, which serve a different purpose.
#CryptoForGood
The Ethereum token infrastructure has allowed us to build a token that tracks the perceived value of the platform that contributors receive, potentially uniting hugely disparate to build something impactful and necessary.
As crypto-economics matures, there are likely to be more community tokens and approaches that drive positive behaviour to tackle problems rather than make a quick buck.
This is the real innovation, using blockchain technology to bring disparate groups together to build great things, that will deliver sustainable value to our society for years to come.
It's once again been a while since one of these posts, but again I'm going to try and do them more often again.
This last week had a few big changes in rawhide:
With the Fedora 26 change approval last week ( https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/Changes/DNF-2.0 ) DNF-2.0 has landed in rawhide. Things were a bit shaky at first as the compose tools were not also updated, but anaconda folks were ready with a patch and lorax got a patch from the DNF maintainers and everything landed. There's still one big issue outstanding: dnf 2.0 sets strict group installs back to true, which causes all the live media to fail to compose. Some of our comps groups contain packages that only exist in some arches, not all of them, and when dnf does strict group installs it errors when it cannot find all the packages in the group. I've filed a bug for figuring this out: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1380945
Last year we setup a quick and dirty autosigning setup for rawhide, which was just a script in a loop run by releng folks when they remembered to do so. This meant it wasn't all that reliable. Now, thanks to Patrick Uiterwijk, we have a real autosigning setup implemented and are very very close to an always signed rawhide. The final bit of gating needs a update to fedpkg to go out first, but as of last week, most everything should be signed with only the rare issue with a build that lands right before to compose starts.
There has been some work the last few weeks to produce a rpm ostree for rawhide that is updated every few minutes. Once this is available it will be a great help to testing and running rawhide.
Xorg server 1.19 almost landed, but we need to fix tigervnc before it can (at least without breaking all the installation paths for rawhide). That is being fixed in a side tag and should land as soon as tigervnc is fixed. https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1380879 is tracking that work
A while back changes were made to cause composes that fail when some deliverables don't compose. This has been very helpful in making sure changes that land don't break things. New package builds that cause the entire compose to fail can be untagged until the breakage is fixed.
That's it for now from the rawhide trail…
David Cameron has refused calls for Britain to boycott the Winter Olympics in Russia because of the country's anti-gay laws.
In a series of tweets, they said:
1/2 Thank you for your note @stephenfry. I share your deep concern about the abuse of gay people in Russia... — David Cameron (@David_Cameron) August 10, 2013
2/2 @stephenfry However, I believe we can better challenge prejudice as we attend, rather than boycotting the Winter Olympics. DC — David Cameron (@David_Cameron) August 10, 2013
Fry had earlier written that, in Russia:
Beatings, murders and humiliations are ignored by the police. Any defence or sane discussion of homosexuality is against the law. Any statement, for example, that Tchaikovsky was gay and that their art and life reflects this sexuality and are an inspiration to other gay artists would be punishable by imprisonment. It is simply not enough to say that gay Olympians may or may not be safe in their village. The IOC absolutely must take a firm stance on behalf of the shared humanity it is supposed to represent against the barbaric, fascist law that Putin has pushed through the Duma.
Several prominent gay athletes and commentators have welcomed Fry's move, but disagreed with the idea of a boycott. The BBC's Clare Balding said that they would attend:
"I'm pleased Stephen has raised the argument and I hope that their piece is read and debated at the highest levels. If the venue for the Winter Olympics remains as it is, I will be presenting from Sochi for the BBC. I will do so because I am a sports presenter who happens to be gay. I think the best way of enlightening societies that are not as open-minded as our own is not to be cowed into submission. I intend to stand proud, do my homework and do my job as well as I possibly can - as I would for any other sporting event."
Skater Johnny Weir said that it was "not Russia's public's fault that their government is so bigoted" and therefore they would attend the Olympics.
The Daily Mail responded to Fry's blog with a feature entitled "What right has this smug luvvie to speak for the civilised world?" In it, Andrew Pierce asked: "Why do they and their luvvie friends think they can try to dictate which countries are appropriate to stage Olympic events and which are not? The problem with actors, of course, is that they think they are as clever as the lines they recite."
Fry responded yesterday with a follow-up post:
Is Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) a value investment or a value trap?
HP was covered in the value idea contest in June and many things have changed since then. You can read the previous analysis here.
A brief review of HP's business is in order. Let us have a look.
1. Valuation
Let's look at how crazy the valuation of HP is. Ackman in a recent interview about HP said, “I have the fairly quaint notion that the value of anything is the present value of the cash you can take out of the business over its life.”
Book value/Share (TTM) $17.69 FCF (TTM) $9,004 m 10 Y average revenue growth 10% YoY revenue growth 10% YoY cash flow growth -20% 10 Y average FCF growth 24% #(shares) 2.2 b
Year Worth Pay now 2011 9 9 2012 9*0.8 6 2013 9*(0.8)^2 4
Year Stock issued Stock purchased Dividend Paid Net Return 2006 2,538 7,779 894 6,135 2007 3,103 10,887 846 8,630 2008 1,810 9,620 796 8,606 2009 1,837 5,140 766 4,069 2010 2,617 11,042 771 9,196
Dividends - HP has consistently paid $0.32 a share since 2001. HP was selling for around $23 a share in 2001. This is a 14% return on this price. Earning growth - HP has grown its earning phenomenally. HPs per share EPS has grown from $0.21 to $3.61. This is a growth rate of 33% annualized. This is phenomenal. This is quite a rare achievement. Change in price multiples - Increased price multiples increase the share price more and vice versa. HP has gone from a P/E multiple of 64.1 to 5.8, P/B ratio of 2.9 to 1.3, P/S ratio of 0.9 to 0.4 and P/CF ratio of 15.8 to 4.1.
Year Debt Issued Debt Payment Net Debt Paid Interest Paid 2009 6,800 9,566 2,766 721 2010 3,156 1,323 (1,833) 505 TTM 10,333 8,845 (1,488) -
valued for negative growth of the order of 20%
has taken on a lot of debt in the recent years
and is being hated by the market.
HP canned Mark Hurd in 2010 who was arguably a very good CEO for HP. During Hurd's reign, HP put in an awesome display by cutting cost and substantially growing earnings. The reason for the departure was minor accounting irregularities and a sexual harassment charge that was not in violation with HPs sexual harassment policy but it “violated the standards of business conduct of HP.” Bravo! To add insult to injury, the board did not fire Mark and so ended up paying them $34.2 million. In short, they lost a very good CEO who was immediately picked up by rival Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) and paid them a lot of money as a severance package. Larry Ellison, the CEO of Oracle, said, “The HP board just made the worst personnel decision since the idiots at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fired Steve Jobs.”
HP hired a software guy, Leo Apothekar, the former CEO of SAP AG (NYSE:SAP). After firing them in less than a year it seems that most of the board had not even met him, let alone interviewed them for the job, before hiring him. One of the board members said, “I admit it was highly unusual, but we were just too exhausted from all the infighting.” Seriously? Wow!
HP hired the former eBay (EBAY) CEO Meg Whitman to do the job now. They claim that HP needs a strong leader to show them the way. I don't know if Whitman can achieve this, coming from managing a company like EBAY (HP is by far a different beast). But one thing is for sure, the board has done more than enough on its part to destroy shareholder value.
Among HP's board are people like Ken Thompson, the former CEO of Wachovia, who some say singlehandedly ran the bank into the ground. Another member is Patricia Russo, the former CEO of Lucent, which has been one of the best companies in destroying shareholder wealth.
HP bought Palm for $1.2 billion or ($5.7 a share). Before, this Palm was a heavily indebted company which was unable to compete in the market. HP wanted to use webOS to build its own ecosystem like iOS and Android. On July 1, 2011, HP unveiled HP Touchpad, bringing webOS on a tablet device. Due to lackluster sales, HP started selling Touchpad for $99. The new CEO Leo wanted to shift HP away from the low-margin PC business to the high-margin enterprise software business (surprise, they were CEO of SAP!). The board was not happy with the decision of spinning out the PC business. Most prominently the chairperson Ray Lane said "We have no intention of getting out of the PC business. Why would we get out of a $43 billion PC business that is No. 1?" Without the PSG, HP would lose a lot of bargaining power from its suppliers as well as customers. Shifting into enterprise software from PC will need HP to create a new brand identity. IBM was able to pull it off by selling its PC division to Lenovo, but will HP be able to do it? Whatever happens, this move will take a lot of time and waste a lot of money in the process. HP's board is not even sure if this is a good deal and hence fired Leo and replaced them with Meg. Meg has said that they will decide about the spin-off by the end of October. But I am positive that this will not come to pass. In the meantime, the employees remain rudderless.
Leo's parting gift to HP was the acquisition of Autonomy — UK's largest software maker. Autonomy had a sales of $949 million! The price HP paid was 10 times the sales. The value of something lies in the eyes of the beholder, but let's see if this was a good use of cash for HP. HP announced that it will be putting off its share repurchases because of this deal. If HP had bought its shares with the $10 billion it is using to acquire Autonomy at the current depressed levels, and used the generated FCF to buy shares too, it would end up buying all outstanding shares in five to six years. This will create some serious returns for the shareholder! To put the overpayment in perspective, the cash represents 20% of the current market cap of $50 billion but the Autonomy's sales represent only 0.7% ($929 million/$126 billion) of its revenue. If HP only used the $10 billion cash to buy back its stocks then this would have increased EPS and dividend by almost 15%. Autonomy will never be able to increase either EPS or dividend by that much. That is some serious overpayment.
This is not the first time HP has overpaid for a company. HP paid $2.3 billion for 3Par, after a bidding war that erupted for the company between HP and Dell (NYSE:DELL). Dell walked out of the deal and 3Par paid $92 million to Dell in termination fees. HP ended up paying a price that was 11 times its earning and 3 times its market cap!
We have gotten over the last several months probably at least five or six calls from the largest shareholders of Hewlett-Packard begging us to take a stake in the company and be a proactive shareholder. I think that what we focus on is that we try to find a business that we can predict what it's going to look like over a very long period of time. I have the fairly quaint notion that the value of anything is the present value of the cash you can take out of the business over its life.
The problem is that HP is in a number of businesses where I think it's very difficult to predict what the business is going to look like five years from now, let alone over the many, many years of a discounted cash flow calculation you need to figure out what the business is worth. The problem you've had is that it looks cheap, but the future of the PC industry is a very difficult business to handicap. It's incredibly competitive. I think the announcement of their intention to spin part of the business off perhaps has damaged the brand and it is a big, complicated mess. One of the things I learned a lot earlier in my career is to do a calculation which I call return on invested brain damage, which is before I make an investment which requires brain damage, or a lot of work and energy, I figure out how much money I can make. The higher the brain damage, the higher the profit has to be to justify it.
I was actually at HP yesterday for a meeting unrelated to their core business and it was just depressing walking around. The morale of the employees going from an outstanding company to one where they don't understand the direction of the business.
About the author:
Chandan Dubey I invest because I want to be free by the time I reach 40 years of age i.e., 2025. My investment style is to find a small number of bets with large margins of safety. I pay a lot of attention to management and their incentive. Ideally, I like to buy owner operator businesses. I am fortunate to have a strong inclination towards studying. I aid my financial understanding by extensive reading in psychology, economic, social sciences etc. I invest because I want to be free by the time I reach 40 years of age i.e., 2025. My investment style is to find a small number of bets with large margins of safety. I pay a lot of attention to management and their incentive. Ideally, I like to buy owner operator businesses. I am fortunate to have a strong inclination towards studying. I aid my financial understanding by extensive reading in psychology, economic, social sciences etc.
The FCF of HPQ stands at $9 billion in TTM. The FCF is the cash which is used to repay interest, debt and reward shareholders. Assume that HPQ returns all this cash to the shareholders. Then, with a 20% discount and -20% growth in FCF, this is worth:If we continue this, then we will arrive at $27 billion. Per share this adds 12. With book value of $17, HP is cheap even in this extreme scenario. It is selling at a $24, which is a 17.2% discount to the value we calculated ($29 a share). Even if HP wastes 20% of its cash flow every year, it is cheap by almost 17%!If we forget about all the mumbo-jumbo analysts tell us, companies can return money to the shareholders in only three waysIf we put all of this together, we see that HP has performed quite badly in the last decade. The overall return has been only due to the dividends, which comes to be 2.28% every year.The majority of growth in the earnings of HP has been gobbled up by the dropping price multiples. At the current multiple of P/E 6, the market is pricing HP for a negative growth of the order of magnitude of around 20%.Let us look at the revenue and the margin trend of HPQ.[u]HPQ has been able to maintain stable margins across the board. In fact, even though the gross margins are in a downward trend, the operating and the net margins have improved quite a bit. HPQ has gone for significant cost cutting measures and the numbers reflect that.The revenue of HPQ has gone from $45 billion to $128 billion in the last decade. This is a 11% growth rate in the last 10 years. The growth rate in the last year was 10%.The EPS growth rate has been ever more impressive because of the cost cutting measures. HPQ has clocked in a growth of 17.52% last year and the 3-, 5- and 10-year average growth rates are 11%, 35% and 7% respectively.The FCF has gone from $1 billion to $9 billion in the TTM. That is a 24% increase on average.[/list]Cash flow is the measure of the cash that the company generates. The more consistently the company generates cash, the more consistent the dividend and growth it can achieve. Let's look at the cash flow data of HPQ.[u]The capital expenditure has remained in line with the sales. The FCF as percentage of sales seems to be in a downward trend since 2008. Also, the FCF as percentage of net income is in a downward trend.HPQ is taking on debt.It has no immediate liquidity problems, although the cash situation is deteriorating.HP has been buying outstanding shares.[/list]In short, HP isMeet HPs board of directors and to some extent its CEOs. Here is a small tutorial on how to destroy shareholder value.If that was the only problem with HP, I would have been happy. HP seems to be behaving like a patient with bi-polar disorder in the last year. Let us look at the contradicting things it has been doing these days:Only time will tell if HP will be able to recover or not, but history does not favor companies with bad management and directionless employees. In a recent interview, Bill Ackman says the following about HP:The bottom line:HP has not gone so far that it cannot recover. The journey will no doubt be long and arduous. At the current moment watching from the sidelines is a safe bet. I have already bought HP at $38 for a $4000 worth which is down almost 40% now. I will wait until things get better before doubling down.
Right-wing commentator, conspiracy theorist and Donald Trump–obsessed sycophant Wayne Allyn Root spent a good portion of their radio broadcast yesterday ranting about the need for conservatives to hire special forces operatives who “have killed people” to destroy liberal groups before “our lives are erased.”
Outraged that WorldNetDaily had its Twitter account temporarily suspended for its incessant promotion of the debunked Seth Rich conspiracy theory, Root fumed that conservatives “are all wussies and they don't understand that we have to fight back so viciously and we have to boycott every liberal company in this country.”
Any company that advertises on MSNBC or CNN or in the New York Times, Washington Post or on any liberal website must be universally boycotted by every Trump voter in America, Root said, “before we are taken off the airwaves and our lives are erased.”
Reading from a letter they received from a friend, Root claimed that progressive organizations like Right Wing Watch, Media Matters, and the Center for American Progress have massive offices all over the country filled with staff who do nothing but send emails, letters and make phone calls “to sponsors and newspapers and cable and TV networks all over this country and all over this world to try to destroy the right.” Conservatives don't have a similar operation, Root fumed, because they are “lazy, cheap, wussy, country club, RINO a-holes.”
“We need to hire an attack dog,” Root declared. “We need to hire former CIA or NSA or FBI or Navy Seals that have been involved in counter-insurgency operations all over the world, that have killed people, that understand how to fight; that don't bring a knife to a gunfight, that bring a gun to a gunfight, preferably a shoulder-fired missile to a gunfight, preferably a nuclear weapon to a gunfight!”
“It is time to go after the left as viciously as they go after us,” Root proclaimed. “These people are mentally insane … and I will tell you right now, they would burn books if they could.”
“They would love to burn the Bible, because we all know they hate God,” they added. “And you know they hate the country.”
The Obama administration could file yet another lawsuit against Arizona if it decides racial profiling is taking place under that state's new immigration law, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said.
Mr. Holder's Justice Department sued Tuesday to block the law, arguing that it infringed on the federal government's right to determine immigration policy. But the lawsuit made almost no mention of racial profiling - a key issue in President Obama's attacks against the law in the weeks before the lawsuit was filed.
The attorney general, speaking at the Aspen Ideas Festival last week in an interview aired on CBS on Sunday, said the pre-emption argument was the “strongest initial argument” against the law. If the law goes into effect despite the lawsuit, they said, federal officials will watch for profiling.
“If that was the case, we would have the tools and we would bring suit on that basis,” they said.
Mr. Holder came under fire in May after they acknowledged to a Senate committee that they had not read the Arizona law, despite having publicly criticized it and arguing that it would lead to racial profiling.
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, at a meeting of the nation's governors in Boston, told the Associated Press that the administration can't seem to make up its mind about its criticism of the law.
“Why would they have to hesitate, after all the comments they made, and all the outrage that they made against the bill in regards to racial profiling, that it didn't show up?” they said.
Speaking on C-SPAN's “Newsmakers” program, Rep. Darrell Issa of California, the ranking Republican on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said Mr. Obama's lawsuit was breaking new ground in “a misuse” of the supremacy clause of the Constitution.
“Never before have we challenged something because it might lead to something. There's nowhere in the Constitution that says a state is limited to what it absolutely won't do and can be stopped for what it might do,” they said.
They said Arizona's law amounts to “self-help consistent with existing federal programs that have been passed by Republican and Democratic presidents,” and therefore does not conflict with the Constitution.
Immigration has been a flash-point issue for years, and Arizona's law has only fanned the flames.
The law, which is slated to take effect July 29 unless a judge blocks it, would require police to check the legal status of anyone they suspect of being in the country illegally whom they encounter while enforcing other laws. It says race may not be used as a factor for determining who should be questioned, but opponents, including Mr. Obama, say they fear it will lead to racial profiling nonetheless.
A half-dozen lawsuits already have been filed against the law and the administration could have joined one of them in a friend-of-the-court brief. Instead, the Justice Department filed its own lawsuit, showing a strong statement of Mr. Obama's interest in Arizona's law.
Arizona officials argue that their law doesn't do more than enforce what is already on the books under U.S. law, but Mr. Holder said the new rules don't account for the nuances of federal policy, such as international relations and national security concerns.
“States and local governments can certainly help the federal government enforce immigration laws. What we're saying is that they cannot pass laws that are inconsistent with the federal laws or do things that contravene federal policy when it comes to the enforcement of our immigration laws,” they said.
Still, Mrs. Brewer said last week that the federal government is being hypocritical in singling out Arizona for enacting a policy when there are dozens of so-called “sanctuary cities” that refuse to report illegal immigrants - which also potentially conflicts with federal law.
The Obama administration contends that the border is more secure now than at any other time in recent memory, and points as evidence to the decline in illegal immigrants caught crossing the border and the increase in U.S. Border Patrol agents begun under Mr. Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush.
Now Mr. Obama is pushing Congress to act on a broad immigration bill that would legalize illegal immigrants and rewrite the legal immigration system, though it does not include a temporary-worker program that businesses and many Republicans say is needed to gain their support.
Sen. Jon Kyl, Arizona Republican, said that has been jettisoned at the wishes of labor unions.
“A temporary-worker program would have to be a part of any comprehensive immigration reform. And there isn't support for that in the Congress right now,” said Mr. Kyl, who was a key part of the 2007 effort to pass a bill.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Juvenile Sex Offender Registration and SORNA Main Story "Sex Offender Law: Down to the Wire" Online Education program
State Legislatures Magazine home page
Subscribe to State Legislatures Magazine NCSL Contacts NCSL's Criminal Justice Program
Phone: 303-364-7700 May 2011 The new requirements placed on juveniles under the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (SORNA) are among the most controversial of the Act. SORNA is a portion of the Adam Walsh Child Protection Act, signed into law in 2006. States will lose 10 percent of the federal Byrne Justice Assistance Grant if they are not in compliance by July 27, 2011. SORNA requires juveniles at least 14 years of age adjudicated delinquent for a crime comparable to or more severe than an aggravated sexual abuse crime as defined in federal law to register as sex offenders. When comparing current juvenile sex offender registry laws with what is required under the Act, at least 37 states have statutory law requiring sex offender registration of some juveniles adjudicated delinquent for qualifying offenses. Those states are: Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Delaware, Florida, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin and Wyoming. Among these states, approximately ten require registration if the juvenile is determined to have committed a specified sex offense, generally including violent sex offenses, sex offenses against children, and kidnapping. Existing laws would meet the juvenile requirements under SORNA. Of these states, seven have been found to be compliant with the Act in its entirety (Delaware, Florida, Michigan, Nevada, Ohio, South Dakota and Wyoming); these states' registries are obviously OK under SORNA. In at least 27 states and one territory, sex offender registration law requires that juvenile adjudicated delinquent must register if they commit a sex offense for which an adult in the same jurisdiction would be required to register. These states could possibly meet SORNA requirements. Ten other states (Arizona, Indiana, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, Utah, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin) give courts discretion to weigh fact-specific circumstances to determine whether registration will be required of an adjudicated juvenile. Offense alone would not automatically trigger registration requirement and courts are allowed to determine if circumstances specific to the young person and the case make registration necessary in the public interest. These provisions would likely be a barrier to the SORNA juvenile provisions required of states. A total of fifteen jurisdictions, (Alaska, Connecticut, Georgia, Hawaii, Maine, Nebraska, New Mexico, New York, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Vermont, West Virginia, District of Columbia, Guam and Puerto Rico) do not require any adjudicated juveniles to register as a sex offender. (While juveniles who are transferred to and convicted in adult court usually are treated as adults also for purposed of sex offender registration.) These jurisdictions would likely face a barrier to compliance unless their laws are changed.
Köln -
Der Transfer von Claudio Pizarro zum 1. FC Köln ist perfekt. Das verkündete der 1. FC Köln am Freitagmittag. Der 38-Jährige erhält bei den Kölnern einen Vertrag bis zum Saisonende und die Trikotnummer 39.
„Claudio Pizarro ist ein Stürmer mit einem starken Torabschluss und eine Persönlichkeit, die unserer Mannschaft gut tut“, wird FC-Coach Peter Stöger auf der FC-Homepage zitiert.
„Der FC ist ein großer Traditionsverein, dem ich mit meiner Qualität und meiner Erfahrung in der aktuellen Situation weiterhelfen möchte“, sagte der Peruaner.
„Der FC ist ein großer Traditionsverein, dem ich mit meiner Qualität und meiner Erfahrung in der aktuellen Situation weiterhelfen möchte“, sagte Pizarro auf der PK am Freitag. Geschäftsführer Jörg Schmadtke hob während der Pressekonferenz Pizarros „untrüglichen Torriecher“ hervor.
Bereits am Donnerstagabend machte Schmadtke nach der unglücklichen Pleite gegen Roter Stern Belgrad gegenüber Sport1 kein Geheimnis daraus, dass der Peruaner geholt wird.
Und auch Pizarro bestätigte gegenüber Sport1 die Einigung: „Mein Berater hat mir am Donnerstag geschrieben und jetzt ist alles gut. Am Freitag unterschreibe ich beim FC.“
Am Freitagmittag ist Pizarro am Geißbockheim erstmals gesichtet worden. Den obligatorischen Medizincheck hat der Ex-Bayern-Stürmer erfolgreich. Es könnte sein, dass Pizarro schon im kommenden Bundesliga-Spiel, am Sonntagabend gegen RB Leipzig (Liveticker bei ksta.de), im Kader steht.
Torhüter Timo Horn begrüßt eine Verpflichtung des 38 Jahre alten Peruaners ausdrücklich. „Vor allem auch als Stütze für unsere jungen Spieler“, sagte der Keeper.
Pizarro, der am Dienstag 39 Jahre alt wird, stand zuletzt bei Werder Bremen unter Vertrag. Weil der mehrmalige deutsche Meister und DFB-Pokalsieger jedoch derzeit ohne Verein ist, könnte er auch nach dem Ende der Transferperiode noch verpflichtet werden. (mbr/sid)
Sign up for Bitbucket Pipelines
The fastest growing companies in the world today aren't product companies, they're . Where we used to buy cars, we now hail a ride from a ridesharing app, and where we used to buy physical music, we now stream online. Agile and DevOps methodologies are increasingly popular today as software development teams strive to improve their velocity to keep up with this demand, and these teams are breaking down silos in order for their various engineering, support, and IT orgs to operate better together.
Continuous Delivery in particular is allowing teams to automate many of the tasks associated with building, testing, and deploying their services. This automation allows teams to meet customer demand for frequent releases while improving the quality of their services, and we're proud to announce that Bitbucket Pipelines is now generally available to help all teams build, test, and deploy using continuous delivery, all within Bitbucket Cloud.
Configuration as code
If you missed the launch of the beta earlier this year, Bitbucket Pipelines is built right within Bitbucket Cloud, giving you end-to-end visibility from coding to deployment. With Bitbucket Pipelines there's no CI server to setup, user management to configure, or repositories to synchronize. And where your build configuration files might be hosted separately from your code, Pipelines keeps everything together in Bitbucket. Better still, your configuration files are managed and versioned, allowing for your team to view, edit, and review to ensure quality like the rest of your code.
Bitbucket native
Gone are the days of having to switch between different systems to work out the status of your builds or why they've failed – Pipelines brings the status of builds into your repository. You can see the status of your branches and commits everywhere in Bitbucket, giving you crucial visibility on the status of your builds when you branch and before you merge.
I to get started too – all you need to do is commit a single configuration file into your repository and you're good to go. Your configuration can be as simple or as complex as you need and with Pipelines utilizing Docker containers, you have the flexibility to choose from a wide variety of languages.
Infinite scale
Estimating capacity for your builds is a fine balancing act. Underestimate and you risk builds queuing up, resulting in idle time for your developers; overestimate and you're wasting money on extra capacity. Bitbucket Pipelines scales instantly, helping you avoid queues by scaling up on demand when you need it. And with Pipelines you don't have to pay for idle time, saving you money .
Ecosystem
Whether you want to deploy, test, monitor, analyze code, or store artifacts, complete any workflow with the tool of your choice by bringing your favorite services to Bitbucket Pipelines. We're working with many industry leaders to ensure there's continued support for the tools and technologies your team needs to build and ship software. integrations include AWS, Google, Microsoft, npm, Puppet, Rollbar, Sauce Labs, Sentry, SourceClear, TestFairy, and many more. Check out our integrations page for the full list of integrations.
Pay for what you use
Best of all, Bitbucket Pipelines utilizes a unique pay-as-you-go model for pricing. Never pay for containers and getting charged for the days, weeks, or even months when a given repository is idle; get started with continuous delivery for as little as 1 . Based use during the beta, that's less than a cup of coffee a month for each !
With Bitbucket Pipelines we want to help all teams deliver better software faster, and we're excited about the future of Continuous Delivery within Bitbucket. Try Bitbucket Pipelines and accelerate your team's releases today.
Sign up for Bitbucket
Sortland
Leif Helge Pedersen deler en robotgressklipper med naboen. Mandag ettermiddag fikk han besøk av en nysgjerrig elgkalv som ville undersøke den motordrevne hagetrimmeren.
- Jeg ble gjort oppmerksom på hagegjesten av naboen, forteller Pedersen.
Det har vært elg i området flere ganger, men han har ikke opplevd å ha elg i hagen tidligere. Pedersen bor i Myrvangen på vei mot Bønes. Elgen i hagen er en fjorårskalv og ikke fullvoksen.
Pedersen er selv elgjeger, og ble slett ikke skremt av besøket.
- Nei, jeg fikk mer lyst til å hente børsa, ler han, og føyer til at han nok må holde seg til regler for både jakttider og jaktområder.
I stedet hentet han frem mobilen sin og foreviget besøket.
- Jeg tok mange filmer, men dette ble den morsomste, sier han.
Tirsdag formiddag hadde filmen hans blitt vist nært på 5.000 ganger, og blitt delt 49 gangers.
Midtveis i filmen sparker elgen til plenklipperen med kloven. I kommentarfeltet blir det spurt om det ble noen skader på maskinen.
- Nei, bare en liten skramme, svarer Pedersen.
J. Willard Marriott standing in front of a Hot Shoppes restaurant in the late 1940s. (Courtesy of Marriott International)
Hotelier J.W. “Bill” Marriott Jr. disclosed in an interview with Washingtonian published today that a Hot shoppe would open in the new Marriott Marquis hotel now under construction next to the Walter E. Washington Convention Center.
It would be the first Hot Shoppes since the 1999 closing of the last outlet in what was once a dozens-strong chain of cafeteria-style restaurants. Hot Shoppes was the foundation of the Marriott family hospitality empire, which grew from a single storefront restaurant opened at 14th Street and Park Road NW by J. Willard Marriott in 1927.
Bill Marriott, Willard's son and executive chairperson of Marriott International Corp., said the menu will feature the classic “Mighty Mo” — a triple-decker hamburger that some say was ripped off by inspired the McDonald's franchisee who invented the Big Mac.
[UPDATE, 3:50 P.M., 12/21: Having heard from many Teen Twist and Orange Freeze enthusiasts, the post had been corrected to reflect that not all Hot Shoppes outlets were cafeteria-style, only some. Also, head over to Rosenwald, Md., where Mike Rosenwald shares the official Marriott-endorsed recipe for Mighty Mo sauce.]
Marriott says their company's flagship D.C. hotel will include a Hot shoppe. (NORM BETTS/BLOOMBERG NEWS)
Marriott offered a few details in their interview with Carol Joynt:
Will it be faithful to the old menu?
Chicken croquettes might not adapt to today, but you can't mess around with the Mighty Mo.
I loved the steak-and-cheese and the orange freeze.
Dokucraft Texture Pack for Minecraft 1.13.2/1.13.1/1.12.2/1.11.2/1.10.2 is a highly customizable and one of the most popular packs available for Minecraft. It is a high definition texture pack which supports 32x resolution and comes with Dark, Light and high themes. Dokucraft, The Saga Continues brings back the medieval style which stands it out from other fan created versions/remixes. This was initially released by Doku but HickeryDickery later continued its development and providing updates since then.
Advertisement
DokuCraft, the Saga Continues Features:
Beautiful and realistic looking textures.
High Definition resolution support
Can work in low FPS without any noticeable lag.
Supported by dozens of other mods.
Minimum glitches and errors
Download Dokucraft Texture Pack for Minecraft Download Dokucraft Texture Pack for Minecraft
For 1.10.2 and 1.9.4:
For Minecraft 1.10.2:
For 1.9.4:
For 1.9:
– Light – Dokucraft
For 1.8.9 and 1.8
This download below also works with 1.7.10 and 1.6.4
How to install Dokucraft Texture Pack in Minecraft
Windows Operating System
Download and install OptiFine HD or use MCPatcher HD Fix and patch. Download your preferred version of Dokucraft Go to Start Menu > Type %appdata%/.minecraft/resourcepacks and press Enter. Drag and drop the pack zip file inside the resourcepacks folder. Run Minecraft, select the resourcepack from the settings menu and enjoy the pack.
Tips and Warnings
The Edmonton Eskimos seem to have a pretty good backup plan for the playoffs if something should happen to regular starter Mike Reilly.
James Franklin threw for four touchdown passes, including a pair to rookie Brandon Zylstra, as the Eskimos finished off the regular season by beating the Toronto Argonauts 41-17 on Saturday in a game that meant nothing in terms of the playoff picture.
The defending Grey Cup champion Eskimos (10-8-0), who rested several of their starters, won their final two games and five of their last six. Edmonton moves on to a cross-over East semifinal game against the Tiger-Cats in Hamilton next Sunday.
"It was nice to get out there. There was a little thought in the back of my head that I felt like I would have been rusty since it's been a long time," said Franklin, who was 18 for 23 passing for 335 yards. "But it helped out that the O-line and receivers made it pretty easy for me."
Eskimos head coach Jason Maas said they were pleased to see the depth of their team on display.
"We set out this week to get better as a football team, and I think we accomplished that goal," they said. "Obviously, we did it with a different group of guys playing, but it's all guys that we expected big things out of."
The Argos (5-13-0) are done for the season. Toronto lost its last seven games and won only one out of its last 12.
"It was obviously not the way we wanted to see the season go," said Toronto quarterback Ricky Ray. "We had high hopes, especially early in the season, but we just didn't play well enough in the middle of the second half. We got what we deserved. We didn't do what we needed to do to be a good team in this league, which is the frustrating part of it."
Ray engineered a long opening drive, capped by a two-yard touchdown run by Brandon Whitaker. Ray was making their 200th career start in the city where they began their CFL career.
'I'm going to take some time'
There has been talk that Ray may have been playing their final game in the CFL, but they said they haven't made a definitive decision yet.
"I'm not sure, so I'm going to take some time," they said.
Edmonton tied the game two plays later than Franklin, getting the start at QB with the Eskimos resting Reilly, found Zylstra for a 28-yard passing TD.
The Esks went up 14-7 to start the second quarter with Shakir Bell reeling in a four-yard TD pass.
Franklin continued to air it up, hitting a stunningly wide-open Devon Bailey on a 72-yard pass and run into the end zone.
The porous Argos coverage continued late into the second, as Franklin picked them apart for a couple of long passes before completing a 15-yard TD toss to Zylstra, who finished the game with 186 yards.
"It was a good chance for us young guys to really step up and show what we can do out here," they said. "We all had good games."
Toronto got a one-yard passing TD from Ray to Brian Jones to make it 28-14 at the half.
The two teams traded field goals in the third quarter.
Edmonton got another three-pointer from kicker Sean Whyte before backup QB Jordan Lynch ran one in from four yards out to close out the scoring.
Did Turkey just provoke a proxy-war on behalf of NATO against Russia? – Turkey knew very well that the Russian SU-24 fighter jet was inside Syria's borders and that even as it may have been close to Turkey it was no threat for Turkey. Russia's mission was clear to all the 19 nations which attended the G20 meeting some 10 days ago in Antalya, Turkey, when the entire group unanimously decided to cooperate in fighting the Islamic State (IS – or Daesh, according to its Arabic acronym).
This ‘voice in unison' seemed to have been prompted by the Paris massacre on 13 November, which was allegedly claimed by ISIS / Daesh. – Was the agreed ‘cooperation' to jointly fighting terrorism all hypocrisy? – An international arena to spread lies and make-believe that there is hope to eradicate the all-fearsome terrorist threat in the heart of Europe?
It might well be that Turkey got marching orders from Washington to know no mercy for Russia and Russian fighter planes. Never mind that past Turkish-Russian relations have been good. As recent as a year ago, Turkey was ready turning them back to Europe and eyed instead at joining the SCO – the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, led by China and Russia, where most Central Asian former Soviet Republics are members, and with India, Pakistan and Iran in the process of also associating with SCO.
But then again, Turkey, on the divide between Europe and Asia has historically been wavering between East and West – according to the motto, let's see who offers the most, including recent talks by Mr. Erdoğan and Madame Merkel, whereby the former offered to control the flood of refugees for a little help from a friend in the amount of three billion euros.
* * *
President Putin, who met today with Jordan's King Abdullah II (see image above), said at the margin of the meeting, in which fighting terrorism was a key item of the agenda:
“Our servicemen are engaged in a heroic fight against terrorism, not sparing themselves or their own lives. However, today's loss is a result of a stab in the back delivered by terrorists' accomplices (emphasis added). There is no other way I can qualify what happened today. Our aircraft was shot down over Syrian territory by an air-to-air missile launched from a Turkish F-16 plane. It fell on Syrian territory, four kilometres from the Turkish border. When it was attacked in the air, it was flying at an altitude of 6,000 metres, one kilometre away from the Turkish territory. In any case, our plane and our pilots were in no way a threat to the Turkish Republic in any way. This is obvious.”
Mr. Putin elaborated further:
“We have long been recording the movement of a large amount of oil and petroleum products to Turkey from ISIS-occupied territories. This explains the significant funding the terrorists are receiving. Now they are stabbing us in the back by hitting our planes that are fighting terrorism. This is happening despite the agreement we have signed with our American partners to prevent air incidents, and, as you know, Turkey is among those who are supposed to be fighting terrorism within the American coalition. If ISIS is making so much money – we are talking about tens or maybe even hundreds of millions, possibly billions of dollars – in oil trade and they are supported by the armed forces of an entire state, it is clear why they are being so daring and impudent, why they are killing people in such gruesome ways, why they are committing terrorist attacks all over the world, including in the heart of Europe.” It is clear, Turkey a prominent NATO country, follows Washington's orders. Hosting the recent G20 meeting and subscribing to the east-west ‘coalition' of fighting the ISIS / DAESH / Al Qaeda terror, was a loosely disguised farce.
* * *
Washington needs a large-scale war. I masters, the military industry, Wall Street, Big Oil – and not to forget AIPAC, the all-powerful Israeli lobby – ask for it. The US economy is faltering, as it always did before the onset of a major war, including the two world wars; and Israel's ambition to become the ruler of the Middle-East is under the war criminal Netanyahu more alive than ever.
If Russia were to retaliate within Turkey's borders, it could be construed as an aggression against a NATO country which under the rules of the Trans-Atlantic alliance is a free pass for NATO to wage war against the aggressor. Should Russia fall into this trap – which most likely Mr. Putin will not – it might be the first step towards WWIII – to be played out in the Middle-East. Whether nuclear or not, such a war would risk leaving the entire MENA (Middle-East and North Africa) region in shambles, destroy what still stands, including ancient culture dating back to the cradle of our current civilization, and most likely killing millions, and further increasing the flood of refugees to Europe.
No need to destroy Europe with bombs. Destabilization from the consequences of a MENA war would reduce Europe to a wasteland of serfs – serfs to the Great Dictator. Waiting in the wings are already the TTIP and other atrocities instigated by the Zionist led elite that directs the Washington war-machine. For example, the western dollar-based monetary assault on Europe – a forced cash-free society, banks imposing negative interest on peoples' savings and planned bail-ins for failing banks – would leave the European populace powerless – ready to be stripped of any economic and financial assets – worse than what the troika did and continues doing to Greece (www.globalresearch.ca/hang-onto-your-wallets-negative-interest-rates-the- war-on-cash…trillion-bail-in/5490376).
Could today's action of impunity by Turkey be the trigger of such a war? – A conflict that would reopen all doors that Washington saw gradually closing, like the regime change in Syria, questioning the Iran Nuclear Deal, keeping all criminal sanctions in place – sanctions – we must all know – only function as long as we, the West, are at the mercy of the western dollar based fraudulent monetary system.
In the meantime the bought western media – CBC, CNN, BBC and their continental European partners – keep slandering Russia as the aggressor who deserves what happened to them; they are also the cause for the rapid spread of terrorism to the heartland of Europe – and of course, Russia's fighting terrorism in Syria is also responsible for the flood of refugees engulfing the Old Continent, right before winter, when it is most difficult to absorb them with safe and humanitarian shelter due to lacking infrastructure. Who needs a war in Europe if propaganda induced destabilization achieves the same objective – economic and social hegemony.
If the West is successful in turning back a public opinion that has since Russia's widely successful air raids against ISIS / DAESH in Syria rapidly turned favourably towards Russia, it would indeed bring Washington one more step closer towards what the PNAC (Plan for a New American Century) likes to call it – Full Spectrum Dominance. But Vladimir Putin, the brilliant geopolitical chess player, won't fall for it.
Peter Koenig is an economist and geopolitical analyst.  They are also a former World Bank staff and worked extensively around the world in the fields of environment and water resources. They write regularly for Global Research, ICH, RT, Sputnik, PressTV, CounterPunch, TeleSur, The Vineyard of The Saker Blog, and other internet sites.  They are the author of Implosion – An Economic Thriller about War, Environmental Destruction and Corporate Greed – fiction based on facts and on 30 years of World Bank experiences around the globe.  They are also a co-author of The World Order and Revolution! – Essays from the Resistance
AUSTIN, Texas (Nov. 29, 2016) – A “Constitutional Carry” bill filed for the 2017 legislative session would make it legal for Texans to carry a concealed firearm without a license, and foster an environment hostile to federal gun control.
Rep. Jonathan Stickland (R-Bedford) filed House Bill 375 (HB375) on Nov. 16. If passed into law, it would end Texas' conceal carry licensing requirements and remove the need for government permission to carry a concealed firearm in the state. The new law reads in part:
Notwithstanding any other law to the contrary, a person who is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing a firearm shall not be required to obtain any license to carry a handgun as a condition for carrying a handgun.
The legislation also provides legal protection from unreasonable police interference for those carrying a concealed weapon.
The mere possession or carrying of a handgun, openly or concealed, with or without a license issued under this subchapter, shall not constitute reasonable belief for a peace officer to disarm or detain an otherwise law-abiding person.
“Constitutional carry is a big step toward being able to exercise a natural right that has been infringed at all levels for far too long,” ShallNot.org policy lead Scott Landreth said.
While constitutional carry bills do not directly affect federal gun control, widespread passage of permitless conceal carry laws in states subtly undermines federal efforts to regulate guns. As we've seen with marijuana and industrial hemp, a federal regulation becomes ineffective when states ignore it and pass laws encouraging the prohibited activity anyway. The federal government lacks the enforcement power necessary to maintain its ban, and people will willingly take on the small risk of federal sanctions if they know the state will not interfere. This increases when the state actively encourages “the market.”
Less restrictive state gun laws will likely have a similar impact on federal gun laws. It will make it that much more difficult for the feds to enforce any future federal gun control, and increase the likelihood that states with few limits will simply refuse to cooperate with federal enforcement efforts.
State actions like passage of HB375 will lower barriers for those wanting to the option of defending themselves with firearms and encourages a “gun-friendly” environment that would make federal efforts to limit firearms that much more difficult.
The Israeli military seized documents and equipment from the firms in the occupied West Bank, including the city of Hebron, in a series of overnight raids on Wednesday.
Doors to offices were locked, with Israeli troops posting notices that the firms would remain closed for the next six months. Two employees of TransMedia, a satellite broadcasting facility, were arrested.
Israeli officials said that the eight media firms were targeted on suspicion of incitement to violence, for their cooperation with Hamas' Al-Aqsa and Al-Quds TV channels.
Read more: What are Fatah and Hamas?
"These two channels broadcast constant incitement against the state of Israel. It is no secret that these two channels inspired, several times, terrorists to go out and commit terrorist attacks against innocents," Yoav Mordechai, an Israeli defense official, wrote on Facebook.
The Israeli army described the Wednesday raids as a 'large-scale operation' against incitement
Mordechai did not provide examples of incitement.
'Stark violation' of media freedom
Palestinian officials strongly condemned the raids, with the deputy information minister, Mahmoud Khalefeh, slamming them as "a stark violation of the freedom of press in Palestine" aimed at preventing journalists "from reporting the Israelis' daily violation of human rights."
The militant group Hamas is one of two biggest political forces in the occupied Palestinian territories, the other being the less hawkish Fatah. Last week, the two groups signed a deal to form a unity government.
Just hours ahead of the Wednesday raids, Israel announced it would not negotiate with a government that includes Hamas unless the jihadist groups disarms, denounces violence, and recognizes the state of Israel.
dj/rc (AFP, AP)
- Advertisement -
Three weeks ago, audiences were exposed to the mad world of David Haller. He's the most powerful mutant in existence that may or may not be a paranoid schizophrenic. The show immediately challenged us to open our minds wider than ever before. This week, Legion “Chapter 4” turns up the weird and transcends into a new plane of existence.
Dear ol' David is in coma-like sleep, their mind has wandered deep into the astral plane. While they discover the where and why of their current state, Syd and the others investigate. They attempt to solve the mysteries of David's memories. Along the way they uncover a number of twists and surprises before falling into a trap set by “The Eye.”
- Advertisement -
Jemaine Clement joins this already impressive cast, dazzling viewers with an impressive performance. With David and Syd separated for most of the episode, Dan Stevens and Rachel Keller are forced to carry their own narratives. They both step up to plate big-time, having settled completely into their characters enough to stand apart.
Imagery and visual exploration has been a major theme of the series, “Chapter 4” pushes the boundaries even farther. Each scene acts as a fuzzy memory or nightmare the viewer must analyze along with the characters. Legion functions as a highly entertaining puzzle, challenging the audience to dive as deep into their strange void as they can.
Loaded with misdirection and strategic dialogue, every revelation unravels what you thought you knew. None of the action or shocking visuals come across as anything short of brilliant. Firing on all cylinders, Legion is an experience like no other. All four episodes have taken significant steps in visual storytelling. This program's success should prove that networks like FX should continue to be bold and ambitious.
The experience so far has been an emotional one, fulfilling every desired category on the spectrum. Heart-wrenching drama, explosive action, enthralling romance, and even sheer terror. There's nothing else on television quite like this, and it's based on X-Men comic books; that's a major achievement.
Those feeling the fatigue of superhero over-saturation, need not worry. This show has more in common with The Matrix, Inception, and The Big Lebowski than it does any X-Men film. While Marvel's Netflix series have been revelations in superhero television, Legion is a revelation for television in general.
If you've been enjoying the show, be sure to check out Simon Spurrier's X-Men Legacy run. It focuses completely on David and is as impressive as the series is. What do you think of Legion so far? Let us know in the comments!
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – The birth of a baby brought out the worst in two great-grandmothers after they came to blows in the maternity ward.
Police say first words were exchanged, and then fists, until the great-grandmothers were kicked out of the hospital.
It happened at Heritage Valley Beaver Hospital.
The criminal complaint says a great grandmother allegedly started a fight all because of a comment that was made by another relative.
The incident happened on August 31 in Brighton Township.
According to the criminal complaint, Shirley Irvin, 72, of Enon Valley, was waiting for their great grandkids to be born.
Them grandson is the father of the twins.
Other relatives were in the waiting room with them including Carole Alberts, the great grandmother of the woman giving birth.
The complaint says Alberts made a comment to their daughter stating that they were worried about their great grand babies.
Irvin overheard the comment.
Alberts says Irvin approached them and they started arguing.
Alberts says Irvin hit and shoved them in the upper part of their chest and arm, leaving a small mark on their arm.
The complaint says Alberts' daughter intervened, then Irvin swung and punched them on the left side of their head knocking their cochlear hearing implant off their head and onto the floor.
KDKA's Amy Wadas spoke to Irvin over the phone.
They tell me they were upset about what Alberts said about their grandson that day and it wasn't true.
They went on to say the incident did not happen the way it was told to police, and they didn't want to say anything else.
Wadas also reached out to Alberts but never got a hold of them
Security asked all the women involved in the fight to leave the maternity ward, according to the complaint.
The great grandmother has been charged with simple assault and harassment.
Them preliminary hearing is scheduled for next week.
A full-fledged Russian naval base will be created in Syrian Tartus, the former chief of the Russian Navy's Main Staff, Admiral Viktor Kravchenko, told Interfax on Wednesday.
“This will strengthen the operational capabilities of our fleet in the Mediterranean and, in general, Russia's position in the Middle East,” Kravchenko said. They noted that earlier in Tartus Russia had a logistics center, “this is a small territory, expanding the territory, we are creating a naval base.”
“The base involves a decent territory, all types of protection and defense, call of ships – to cruisers of the first rank. They will be able to replenish supplies, and personnel will have a rest, “Kravchenko said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday submitted for ratification to the State Duma an agreement between the Russian Federation and Syria on expanding the territory of the logistics center of the Russian Navy in the port area of ​​Tartus.
Earlier this year, an informed source told Interfax that the Russian military was modernizing the Navy station in Tartus. “This will ensure the entry, as well as the conduct of current and medium repairs in Tartus ships of various classes: from the minesweeper to the cruiser,” the source said.
According to him, for this purpose, the channel will be deepened and expanded in the port of Tartus.
“In the future, two new piers will be built on the territory that is in use by the Russian Navy, designed for mooring ships with a displacement of over 10,000 tons, as well as a complex of residential and administrative buildings,” the source said.
According to him, at the present time in Tartus ships of the first rank remain in the outer roads, and their servicing and refueling is carried out with the assistance of auxiliary fleet vessels.
Interfax interlocutor said that the covering of the Navy base in Tartus from the air and sea is provided by the S-300 air defense missile systems, as well as the Bastion coastal missile systems with cruise missiles.
In October last year, the Russian military department reported that the S-300 systems (manufactured by JSC Concern VKO Almaz-Antey) were sent to Syria to ensure the safety of the base in Tartus and the ships of the operational unit of the Russian Navy in the coastal zone. According to Interfax, Tartus covers the battery of the S-300V4 system. This is the latest air defense system, which will provide protection against missiles and aviation attacks at long range.
On this Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that IG troops (the organization is banned in Russia) were routed in Syria and ordered the withdrawal of the Russian military grouping. Since then, Tu-22M, An-72, Tu-22M3 bombers and a squad of sappers returned to the locations of their dislocations.
Source: Maritime News of Russia
Source: Republished with permission from the Tennessee Valley Authority
The Tennessee Valley Authority's (TVA) Watts Bar Unit 2 was connected to the power grid on June 3, becoming the first nuclear power plant to come online since 1996, when Watts Bar Unit 1 started operations. Watts Bar Unit 2 is undergoing final testing, producing electricity at incremental levels of power, as TVA prepares to start commercial operation later this summer. The new reactor is designed to add 1,150 megawatts (MW) of electricity generating capacity to southeastern Tennessee.
Watts Bar Unit 2 is the first nuclear plant in the United States to meet new regulations from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) that were established after the 2011 earthquake and tsunami that damaged the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Plant in Japan. After the NRC issued an operating license for the unit in October 2015, 193 new fuel assemblies were loaded into the reactor vessel the following month. TVA announced at the end of May that the reactor achieved its first sustained nuclear fission reaction.
Construction on Watts Bar Unit 2 originally began in 1973, but construction was halted in 1985 after the NRC identified weaknesses in TVA's nuclear program. In August 2007, the TVA board of directors authorized the completion of Watts Bar Unit 2, and construction started in October 2007. At that time, a study found Unit 2 to be effectively 60% complete with $1.7 billion invested. The study said the plant could be finished in five years at an additional cost of $2.5 billion. However, both the timeline and cost estimate developed in 2007 proved to be overly optimistic, as construction was not completed until 2015, and costs ultimately totaled $4.7 billion.
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, based on the International Atomic Energy Agency's U.S. Energy Information Administration, based on the International Atomic Energy Agency's Power Reactor Information System
Although Watts Bar 2 is the first new U.S. nuclear generator to come online in 20 years, four other reactors are currently under construction and are expected to join the nuclear fleet within the next four years. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant Units 3 and 4 in Georgia and Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station Units 2 and 3 in South Carolina are scheduled to become operational in 2019–20, adding 4,540 MW of generation capacity.
Principal contributors: Sara Hoff, Marta Gospodarczyk
For some of you, I've become a meme. For many of you, I'm a little piece you think you can play with. You bully me, you try and intimidate me. You've put up fake videos and morphed my pictures. In one photograph, you put vermilion on my forehead and used it to talk about the Ram Mandir. You are the ones with a million agendas.
You unleashed your fury with unforgiving zeal, with vicious propaganda. You did not spare a moment — not even one thought — in your attempts to troll me. You don't even know who I am or what I've been through. All you know is how to have fun at somebody else's expense, even if that's an ordinary, college-going student. You want me raped. You want me dead. You think I deserve to be humiliated like the Delhi braveheart who was raped and killed after an iron rod was shoved up their private parts. Do you even think before you post 140 characters on Twitter or malign me on Facebook?
You think I am anti-national because I bat for peace with Pakistan. You label me because I'm clear that I'm not afraid of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and you try and pigeon-hole me because I will continue to believe that the student's organisation has no right to get violent with us. You even accuse me of using my father's sacrifice for self-gain. You think my mind is being ‘polluted'.
Let me tell you a little about myself. I don't owe you any explanation nor do I have to explain myself. If I choose to, it is only in the hope that it will sensitise you on how you can hurt complete strangers who may not be as strong as me. You tried to use me – a young adult – to pursue your agendas. You ganged up on me but you could not cow me down; you did not make me run scared.
You have actually opened the windows of my mind. I was a happy student, content with my 30 followers on Twitter, till you thought I was easy game. I did not know you, Kiren Rijiju, till I Googled you and was surprised to find a minister trying to bully me. You have an amazing number of followers. You even got actor Randeep Hooda — sigh, like most young girls, I too had a crush on them — to go on an emoji overdrive. Why? Because I said, Pakistan didn't kill my father, war did.
For Rijiju, Hooda and the army of anonymous trolls who don't dare reveal their identities, I'd say it again: I want peace with Pakistan. I don't want more children to be orphaned. I know what death means. I had to learn to live with it early, too early.
I was only two years old. I have a searing memory of my father lying in a coffin with a bandage on their chest. I asked my mother why dad was sleeping. Is it a dream, I asked? They nodded in an effort to save me from pain. How does a mother even explain the meaning of death to a two-year-old? For years, I thought a coffin was a dream. No, I'm not seeking sympathy.
I battled my demons with my mother's help. They put me in a tennis academy and at age 13, I was a part of the Punjab state team. I wanted to represent the country. There was honour attached to it. It also helped me in my identity as my father's daughter.
Losing my father – a proud army officer — was a deeply personal tragedy. You don't know what I went through. I grew up with pain. It has become fashionable to use the word ‘martyr.' So many of you say, “Ask a family who has lost a soldier if they really want peace with Pakistan.'' It has become a common refrain now because it helps the ‘nationalistic' narrative. Ask me and I'll say emphatically: I've lived through the pain. I don't want soldiers martyred so that you can prove your nationalism. Don't use their dead bodies to propagate your faux-nationalism. It is easy to tweet about nationalism and anti-nationalism.
Online abuse A report on cyberbullying released in November 2016 found online threats to be a serious issue in the country. The report, based on a survey of 500 social media users, is authored by Japleen Pasricha, Founder, Feminism In India. Some key findings: of respondents who had experienced harassment online took no action at all said they had intentionally reduced their online presence after sufferning harassment of those who had experienced online abuse found it extremely upsetting reported that it led to mental health issues such as depression, stress and insomnia said they were not aware of laws to protect them from online harassment of those who reported the matter to police termed the response as ‘not at all helpful' A report on cyberbullying released in November 2016 found online threats to be a serious issue in the country. The report, based on a survey of 500 social media users, is authored by Japleen Pasricha, Founder, Feminism In India. Some key findings:
When so many of you roped in my father to spread your hatred, it bothered me; it disturbed me. The abuse brought everything back to me in a flash but then I composed myself. I'm smart. I'm cocky. I'm surrounded by women (my mother and sister, Bani, who was three months old when dad died) who take pride in having an opinion. I've only lived with women. Feminism wasn't just an idea — it was there in everyday life. Equality isn't just a notion, we practise it. I know the difference between freedom of expression and bullying.
Real bullets killed my father. Your hate bullets are deepening my resolve. Your idea of nationalism is bogus. My India-Pakistan peace video came out a year ago and though the video got noticed, nobody called me an anti-national then. Am I anti-national now because I questioned your student's body?
Being an athlete, I've built stamina and control over my emotions. I have blocked the hate in my head. I will speak up when my fellow-students return to college with lathi marks on their arms and legs. I will speak up each time I feel strongly on an issue.
Personalities like cricketer Virender Sehwag and Hooda should remember that no one deserves to go through what I did. I don't need them — or anyone else — to tell me how my father would be thinking of me. I don't even agree with what Jawaharlal Nehru University student Umar Khalid said about the hanging of Parliament convict Afzal Guru, so don't even try and define me.
I am now an anti-troll soldier and I'll keep fighting. I know right from wrong.
And, yes, I'm making a list of people and websites that hurled abuse at me and am I exploring my legal options. In the end, thank you for helping me add followers. From 30, they've shot up to over 55,000.
I'll make sure I speak my mind.
Gurmehar is a Delhi University student who was threatened with rape and death after they took a stand against students' body, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad. This is part of HT's new campaign, Let's Talk About Trolls, which focuses sharp attention on online abuse and bullying.
Share your views with us at letstalkabouttrolls@hindustantimes.com or @htTweets with #LetsTalkAboutTrolls
First Published: Apr 17, 2017 07:24 IST
Ever wondered what life is like with Rem from Re:Zero - Starting Life in Another World? You can soon test it out yourself with the VR app “Life with Rem in VR ~ Knee-Pillow & Sleeping Together”!
The app will be released on May 26 under Gugenka, a brand by CS-Reporters Inc. that specializes in digital anime goods. Using cel shading 3D CG, Gugenka offers content for smartphones as well as high-end VR devices including PlayStation VR and HTC Vive.
In this VR dream world, you can recreate the scene from the anime when Subaru sleeps on Rem's lap and even have them lull you into sleep on your own bed!
Want an apple slice?
That knee-pillow is sure inviting!
You know you're going to sleep well when you see your favorite blue-haired oni next to you!
Just like in the anime, Rem is voiced by Minase Inori. The app comes with freshly recorded lines for the main content as well as birthdays and other events, and Rem can even call you a nickname based on your initials from one of the 44 nicknames available in the library!
A really nice sight to wake up to
The app has another function called “Appreciation Mode” which allows you for a 360° vision. It is also equipped with “Thumb Controller”, a unique operation method by Gugenka with which you can teleport, peek, or squat by tapping the screen with your thumbs.
In addition, Gugenka also announced that they would be adding one more scene to the “Appreciation Modes” of both the “Knee-Pillow” and “Sleeping Together” scenarios if their official Twitter account reaches 5,000 by May 25, so check it out if you want to see more of Rem~
“Life with Rem in VR ~ Knee-Pillow & Sleeping Together”
Release date: planned for May 26, 2017
Price: 960 yen (iOS / Android)
Zach Lawrence, an avowed Ohio State fan, suffered severe brain trauma after a car crash in the eastern European country of Georgia while traveling on business.
Despite wearing their seatbelt, doctors listed their condition as critical and bills quickly surpassed $150,000. Their family turned to their extended Buckeye family, and it helped raise over $200,000 to bring them home.
Lawrence is back in the States, convalescing in Columbus under care of world class doctors. Though it will be a long journey back to their pre-crash condition, Lawrence has shown impeccable determination in their rehabilitation, as evidenced by this anecdote reported by Jessica Wehrman of Jessica Wehrman of The Columbus Dispatch:
While recuperating at Dodd Hall Rehabilitation Center at Ohio State University, the Dublin resident was given one button to push for “yes” and another to push for “no.” “Do you like Michigan?” they were asked. Lawrence immediately pushed the “no” button. And then — just to make sure everyone had heard them the first time — they pushed it again. “He always makes a face when we mention Michigan,” said their wife, Meghan. “We're pretty sure he's in there.”
Doctors now consider Lawrence "semiconscious." Their weekly progress is crucial, too, as continued insurance payments for their rehabilitation program are contingent upon it.
Every Ohio State fan is undoubtedly behind them as they continue to fight.
H/T: 11W member @GoBucks2204
Follow Eleven  WarriorsFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube
Zia Record Exchange, located on Speedway Boulevard, will celebrate Record Store Day on Saturday. Schumarker said vinyl records are starting to make their way back because the sound quality on them is better and records now come with a download code, so people can put music on their electronic devices.
The one thing in life that never goes out of style is nostalgia. Relics from our past will always generate the warmth of nostalgia: a bittersweet reminder of the best parts of the past. Sometimes nostalgia can even hint at a greater truth: that these relics are better than much of what is produced today. No one would trade an iPhone for an old-school rotary phone, but there are plenty of people that would gladly trade MP3s for vinyl records. Those are the kind of people most excited about this Saturday and the eighth annual Record Store Day.
Record Store Day was founded in 2007 with the intent to celebrate record stores via a combination of vinyl special releases, artist meet and greets and in-store performances across the world. Since then, Record Store Day has grown exponentially in popularity and eclipsed even the loftiest expectations.
The official Record Store Day Ambassador of 2015 is everyone's favorite rock 'n' roll son, Dave Grohl, and they reside over a year in which there are over 400 special releases scheduled to hit the shelves this Saturday for the event. The monumental success of Record Store Day is owed, in large part, to the passion for local independent record stores, such as Tucson's Zia Record Exchange and PDQ Records, along with the mounting mainstream resurgence of vinyl records.
“I love record stores,” said John Beeler, label manager at Asthmatic Kitty Records (Sufjan Stevens, My Brightest Diamond, The Welcome Wagon). “We're a record label. Though digital and streaming are certainly an important part of our businesses, record stores are the heart of what we do.”
Assistant Professor Keith Pawlak, a collector of roughly 4,000 records, agrees that the true success of Record Store Day is in bringing local record stores business.
“I like that Record Store Day has the potential to encourage people to shop locally and patronize their community record store,” Pawlak said. “If it causes someone to go out and help out a local business like PDQ Records, then it's a success.”
Of course, Record Store Day could not have found traction without the magic of vinyl records. The theories behind the origins of vinyl's mainstream resurgence are numerous. There is a widespread hipster connotation to the modern vinyl collecter.
“Many young people are attracted to this technology because it seems both timeless and yet completely out-of-sync with present day attitudes about popular music,” Pawlak said.
However, the love for records goes deeper than what is popular with the young folks.
To Brian Moon, an assistant music professor, the quality of sound plays a large part in the equation.
“I believe the decline of audio fidelity surrounding popular music with the rise of online, compressed digital music has led to the resurgence of vinyl,” Moon said. “Vinyl really does sound better, and it's not difficult for anyone to experience that improved sound.”
Moon recommended everyone treat themselves to the experience of listening to a vinyl record with a nice pair of headphones or good speakers, but remember to avoid earbuds at all costs, lest you incur the wrath of audiophiles everywhere.
Perhaps vinyl also gives a kinesthetic appeal lacking in the age of iTunes and Spotify, and this aspect rings true to Beeler.
“Maybe it's as simple as the size,” Beeler said. “Vinyl is just big enough to hold or express as a fashion statement or identifier. Maybe what vinyl gets right is the exact amount of physical interaction needed for us to fall in love with the product a little more.”
And that's the gist of it: The combination of these elements has made people fall in love with vinyl. Whether it be for the first time, or all over again, there will be plenty of chances to fall in love on Record Store Day. Don't let the opportunity go to waste, because Record Store Day comes but once a year.
_______________
Follow Alex Furrier on Twitter.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE raised eyebrows and concerns this week when they publicly pressured the Department of Justice to investigate their former 2016 presidential rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE in what critics think looks like an effort to deflect attention from special counsel Robert Mueller's deepening probe into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Trump began calling for Clinton to be investigated and jailed for their use of a private email server as secretary of State in the early days of the 2016 presidential campaign. But critics warn that they are abusing their power as president if they continue to do so.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's already critical rhetoric toward their own attorney general and Justice Department has increased since they took office. They have referred to the Justice Department as a "laughing stock" and a "joke." Much of their criticism seems to stem from their belief the department is not focusing its investigations.
Chants of "Lock their up" were welcomed by Trump and their surrogates during the campaign, and became a regular occurrence at their raucous rallies.
Here's a look back at some of the moments Trump supported calls for an investigation of Clinton.
Dec. 22, 2015
Then-Republican primary candidate Trump tweeted a picture of what appears to be one of their own supporters wearing a "Hillary for Prison" shirt.
Women defy media narrative, love Trump at packed Michigan rally.
VIDEO: https://t.co/yreUny7shA pic.twitter.com/dE9odwIRQi — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 22, 2015
June 2, 2016
As Trump was closing in on the GOP nomination, they intensified their attacks on Clinton, who also appeared poised to take the Democratic nomination.
Trump called for Clinton to be jailed during a campaign rally in San Jose, Calif., calling them "guilty as hell."
“Hillary Clinton has to go to jail. They have to go to jail. I said that,” they said.
Aug. 22, 2016
Trump called on the Justice Department to appoint a special counsel to investigate whether Clinton foundation donors received special treatment while Clinton was secretary of State.
“The Justice Department is required to appoint a special prosecutor because it has proved to be, sadly, a political arm of the White House,” they said at a rally in Akron, Ohio. “Nobody has ever seen anything like it before.”
Trump's comments came after the Clinton Foundation announced that it would no longer be accepting foreign donations if Clinton was elected president.
Oct. 9, 2016
Trump publicly warned Clinton at a debate in St. Louis, Mo., that they would look into their private email server if elected president.
"If I win, I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation. There has never been so many lies, deception — there has never been anything like it," Trump told Clinton.
"When I go out and speak, the people of this country are furious. In my opinion, the people who have been long-term workers at the FBI are furious," they continued.
Clinton pushed back at Trump's characterization of the situation, saying, "It's good that somebody with the temperament of Donald Trump is not running this country."
Oct. 28, 2016
Trump reacted to then-FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress that said new emails pertaining to the probe into Clinton's emails had been discovered.
"I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice are now willing to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made," Trump said, referring to Comey's previous announcement that charges would not be filed against Clinton.
"Hillary Clinton's corruption is on a scale we have never seen before. We must not let them take their criminal scheme into the Oval Office," Trump said.
Nov. 22, 2016
President-elect Trump appeared to walk back their previously aggressive rhetoric toward Clinton, saying that they did not feel as strongly about prosecuting them for the use of a private email server.
“I don't want to hurt the Clintons, I really don't. They went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways," Trump told The New York Times.
"My inclination would be for whatever power I have on the matter is to say let's go forward. This has been looked at for so long, ad nauseam," they continued.
Trump quickly faced backlash from their supporters, most notably the conservative media site Breitbart.com, which ran a headline blasting Trump's "broken promise" to their base.
July 25, 2017
Trump was in the midst of launching a slew of attacks on their own Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE, when they lashed out at them for their weak position on Clinton.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails & DNC server) & Intel leakers! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017
The president went on to rip then-acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe for not investigating Clinton.
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI & the person in charge of the Hillary investigation, Andrew McCabe, got $700,000 from H for wife! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017
Sept. 22, 2017
Trump told supporters at a campaign rally in Alabama that they would have to “speak to Jeff Sessions” after the crowd chanted “lock them up” in response to a reference to Clinton.
“You've got to speak to Jeff Sessions about that,” Trump said.
Nov. 2, 2017
Trump said that they hoped the Justice Department was investigating Clinton and that they were "frustrated" that they couldn't be involved in the process.
"Hopefully they are doing something," Trump said of the Justice Department probing Clinton during a radio interview with host Larry O'Connor on Washington's WMAL. "At some point maybe we're going to all have it out."
"The saddest thing is, because I'm the president of the United States, I am not supposed to be involved in the Justice Department. I am not supposed to be involved in the FBI. I'm not supposed to be doing the kind of things that I would love to be doing and I'm very frustrated by it," they continued.
Nov. 3, 2017
Trump doubled down on their call for the Justice Department to investigate Clinton and Democrats after former acting Democratic National Committee chairperson Donna Brazile said the party tipped the scales in Clinton's favor during last year's primary.
....People are angry. At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 3, 2017
"I'm really not involved with the Justice Department. I'd like to let it run itself, but honestly, they should be looking at the Democrats," Trump told reporters outside of the White House.
“They should be looking at Podesta and all of that dishonesty, they should be looking at a lot of things, and a lot of people are disappointed in the Justice Department, including me,” they said, referencing the former chair of Clinton's campaign.
At a time when America is facing an obesity epidemic, crushing debt and a weak economy, billions of taxpayer dollars are subsidizing junk food ingredients.
In this report, we find that in 2011, over $1.28 billion in taxpayer subsidies went to junk food ingredients, bringing the total to a staggering $18.2 billion since 1995. To put that figure in perspective, $18.2 billion is enough to buy 2.9 billion Twinkies every year - 21 for every single American taxpayer.
In contrast, only $637 million has gone to subsidies for apples since 1995. That's enough to buy 77 million apples per year on average - just half of one apple per taxpayer.
At the same time, childhood obesity rates have tripled over the last three decades, with one in five kids aged 6 to 11 now obese. These increases in obesity rates will translate into kids who are at greater risk for heart disease and diabetes, undermining the health of our country and driving up medical costs by hundreds of billions of dollars. The rise in obesity has many causes, but one of the most important is the increased prevalence of high-fat, heavily sweetened junk food.
Between 1995 and 2011, American taxpayers spent over $277 billion in agricultural subsidies. Most subsidies went to the country's largest farming operations, mainly to grow just a few commodity crops, including corn and soybeans.
Most of these commodity crops are not simply eaten as-is. Among other uses, food manufacturers process them into additives like high fructose corn syrup and vegetable oils that provide a cheap dose of sweetness and fat to a wide variety of junk food products. Thus, Americans' tax dollars directly subsidize junk food ingredients
Key Findings:
Between 1995 and 2011, $18.2 billion in tax dollars subsidized four common junk food additives - corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, corn starch, and soy oils (which are processed further into hydrogenated vegetable oils).
Healthier agricultural products receive very little in federal subsidies. Since 1995, taxpayers spent only $637 million subsidizing apples, which is one of the few fresh fruits or vegetables that have a significant federal subsidy.
If subsidies for junk food ingredients went directly to taxpayers to allow them to purchase food, each of America's 141 million taxpayers would receive $7.58 to spend on junk food and 27 cents to spend on apples each year - enough to buy 21 Twinkies but just half of one Red Delicious apple.
The $18.2 billion in subsidies for junk food ingredients that taxpayers have shelled out since 1995 is enough to buy 49 billion Twinkies. Placed end to end, they would circle the globe 125 times.
Since 1995, the lion's share of agricultural subsidies has gone to a very small number of large operations - 75% of subsidies go to just 3.8% of U.S. farmers.
The fact that so many tax dollars are being wasted on junk food demonstrates the need to reform federal agricultural subsidies and end this wasteful spending.
Hello everyone!
I now have a LSTM/ConvNet competitive version of my HTM-inspired algorithm. It now lives as part of a new library I am working on called Neo/RL, (neocortex + reinforcement learning). The reinforcement learning is not yet complete, but the predictive hierarchy is up and running smoothly, and it is able to match or even outperform LSTMs/ConvNets, all while being fully online without any sort of rehearsal or batching. Don't believe me? Evaluate it for yourself! https://github.com/222464/NeoRL
I am working on additional benchmarks, here is one where I reproduced this paper which used LSTMs to predict moving digits (link to original paper: http://arxiv.org/pdf/1502.04681.pdf)
I alternate between predicting the next input based on current input and predicting the next input based on its own predictions in the video. The video is real-time.
I am also working on a text prediction benchmark, and a time series dataset benchmark (the latter of which already works, but I need the LSTM comparison working properly as well).
To truly convince people, I probably need more benchmarks still though, three is not enough! So, if you are interested in helping out on that front, let me know!
Until next time!
CireNeikual
HOUSTON -- Authorities in central Texas have found two more bodies along flooded streams, bringing the death toll from flooding in the state to six.
The latest flooding victim identified by authorities was a woman who died when the car they were riding in was swept from the street by the flooded Cypress Creek about 1:30 a.m. Sunday, Kendall County sheriff's Cpl. Reid Daly said.
The car, with three occupants, was in Comfort, about 45 miles north of San Antonio. The driver made it to shore, and a female passenger was rescued from a tree. But Daly said 23-year-old Florida Molima was missing until their body was found around 11 a.m. Sunday about 8 miles downstream. They became the sixth flood-related death in Texas over Memorial Day weekend.
It was still unclear Sunday whether a body found in Travis County near Austin was one of the two people who had been missing in Texas. An 11-year-old boy was still missing in central Kansas, too.
In Bandera, about 45 miles northwest of San Antonio, an estimated 10 inches of rain overnight led to the rescues of nine people. The rain caused widespread damage, including the collapse of the roof of the Bandera Bulletin, the weekly newspaper, KSAT-TV in San Antonio reported. Photos from the area showed campers and trailers stacked against each other, but no injuries were reported.
Torrential rains caused heavy flash flooding in some parts of the U.S. over the last few days, and led to numerous evacuations in southeast Texas, including two prisons. But the threat of severe weather decreased in many places as the weekend wore on, though Tropical Depression Bonnie continued to bring rain and wind to North and South Carolina.
Near Austin, a crew aboard a county STAR Flight helicopter found a body Sunday on the north end of a retention pond near the Circuit of the Americas auto racing track, which is close to where two people were reported to have been washed away by a flash flood early Friday, Travis County sheriff's spokesperson Lisa Block said. The body still must be recovered and no identification had been made.
To the southeast along the rain-swollen Brazos River near Houston, prison officials evacuated about 2,600 inmates from two prisons to other state prisons because of expected flooding, Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesperson Jason Clark said. Inmates in a low-level security camp at a third prison in the area were being moved to the main prison building, Clark said.
All three prisons are in coastal Brazoria County, where the river empties into the Gulf of Mexico.
"TDCJ officials continue to monitor the situation and are working with our state partners as the river level rises," Clark said, noting that additional food and water has been delivered to prisons that are getting the displaced inmates and sandbags have been filled and delivered to the prisons where flooding is anticipated.
In Kansas, the search for the missing 11-year-old continued Sunday and expanded beyond the swollen creek they fell into Friday night, according to Wichita Fire Department battalion chief Scott Brown. "We are more in body-recovery mode than rescue," Brown said Saturday night.
Four people died from flooding in rural Washington County, Texas, located between Austin and Houston, where more than 16.5 inches of rain fell in some places on Thursday and Friday. The bodies of two of them -- both motorists who had gone missing -- were found Saturday in different parts of the county, according to Judge John Brieden.
Tropical Depression Bonnie reached the South Carolina coast early Sunday, bringing heavy rain and rough tides to an area packed with tourists for the Memorial Day weekend. Forecasters said up to 8 inches of rain had fallen in parts of southern South Carolina. About 3 inches of rain fell in Charleston in 24 hours and more was expected, according to the National Weather Service.
After India evaluating a scheme for all its fleet to be electric by 2030, now we learn that the Dutch government is discussing the possibility to ban gas-powered car sales and only allow electric vehicle sales starting in 2025.
Although the parliament is considering the possibility to implement such a drastic law, the house is divided and the liberal coalition in power does not see the rule being implemented any time soon.
NLTimes wrote yesterday:
“Coalition partner VVD finds the motion overambitious and unrealistic. VVD Minister Henk Kamp of Economic Affairs thinks that at most 15 percent of all sold cars can be completely electric in 2025. Party leader Halbe Zijlstra thinks the plan contradicts the Energy Agreement. “It seems crazy to get this plan to work. I think we'll have to withdraw from the Energy Agreement”, they said.”
Socialist leader Diederik Samsom disagrees and sees the plan as “completely feasible”. Samsom's party doesn't have a majority in the Dutch parliament, but at least they are discussing an EV plan and it could possibly become an election issue.
Last year, plug-in vehicles in the Netherlands had about a 10% market share. There are almost 5,000 Tesla Model S owners in the country.
Featured Image: Fastned's fast-charging station in the Netherlands
by Paul Armentano, NORML Deputy Director
Police prosecute over 850,000 Americans annually for violating state marijuana laws. The penalties for those busted and convicted vary greatly, ranging from the imposition of small fines to license revocation to potential incarceration. But for the citizens arrested in these five states, the ramifications of even a minor pot bust are likely to be exceptionally severe.
Alternet.org's editors recently asked me to compile a list of ‘the worst of the worst' states to be busted for personal pot possession. Without further ado, here they are:
The 5 Worst States to Get Busted With Pot
via Alternet.org
[excerpt]
1. Oklahoma — Lawmakers in the Sooner State made headlines this spring when legislators voted 119 to 20 in favor of House Bill 1798, which enhances the state sentencing guidelines for hash manufacturing to a minimum of two years in jail and a maximum penalty of life in prison. (Mary Fallin, the state's first-ever female governor, signed the measure into law in April; it takes effect on November 1, 2011.) But longtime Oklahoma observers were hardly surprised at lawmakers' latest “life for pot” plan. After all, state law already allows judges to hand out life sentences for those convicted of cannabis cultivation or for the sale of a single dime-bag.
2. Texas — On an annual basis, no state arrests and criminally prosecutes more of its citizens for pot than does Texas. Marijuana arrests comprise over half of all annual arrests in the Lone Star State. It is easy to see why. In 2009, more than 97 percent of all Texas marijuana arrests — over 77,000 people — were for possession only. Those convicted face up to 180 days in jail and a $2,000 fine, even upon a first conviction.
3. Florida — According to a 2009 state-by-state analysis by researcher and former NORML Director Jon Gettman, no other state routinely punishes minor marijuana more severely than does the Sunshine State. Under Florida law, marijuana possession of 20 grams or fewer (about two-thirds of an ounce) is a criminal misdemeanor punishable by up to one-year imprisonment and a $1,000 fine. Marijuana possession over 20 grams, as well as the cultivation of even a single pot plant, are defined by law as felony offenses – punishable by up to five years in prison and a $5,000 fine. In recent years, state lawmakers have revisited the state's marijuana penalties – in each case electing to enhance Florida's already toughest-in-the-nation criminal punishments.
4. Louisiana — In Louisiana, multi-decade (or even life) sentences for repeat pot offenders are hardly a rare occurrence. Under Louisiana law, a second pot possession conviction is classified as a felony offense, punishable by up to five years in prison. Three-time offenders face up to 20 years in prison. According to a 2008 expose published in New Orleans City Business online, district attorneys are not hesitant to “target small-time marijuana users, sometimes caught with less than a gram of pot, and threaten them with lengthy prison sentences.”
5. Arizona — Forty years ago virtually every state in the nation defined marijuana possession as a felony offense. Today, only one state, Arizona, treats first-time pot possession in such an archaic and punitive manner. Under Arizona law, even minor marijuana possession offenses may be prosecuted as felony crimes, punishable by up to 18 months in jail and a $150,000 fine. According to Jon Gettman's 2009 analysis only Florida consistently treats minor marijuana possession cases more severely.
Vladimir Putin has mocked the state of US politics by joking that it is "difficult to have a dialogue with people who confuse Austria and Australia".
"There is nothing to do about it. Apparently that's the level of political culture of a certain part of the American establishment," the Russian President said, according to state funded broadcaster, RT.
They added: "America is really a great nation and the Americans are a great people if they can endure so many people with such a low level of political culture."
Mr Putin was referring to a 2007 gaffe by former US President George W Bush, when they thanked then-Australian leader John Howard for visiting Austrian troops in Iraq.
Mr Bush also mixed up the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum with the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) during a speech to business leaders in Sydney.
Speaking at a news conference, Mr Putin refrained from making any criticism of current President Donald Trump. They dismissed a question about whether Mr Trump was "naive."
Instead they said Mr Trump was "not my bride, and I'm not their groom."
Asked how Russia would feel if Mr Trump were impeached, Putin said it would be "absolutely wrong" for Russia to discuss domestic US politics.
Russian officials cheered Mr Trump when they were elected last year, and Mr Putin praised them as someone who wanted to improve ties with their country.
However, further US sanctions on Russia and the US decision to close the Russian consulate in San Francisco have raised concerns that the two countries remain far apart.
Additional reporting from agencies
McKinley made the first bold declaration of training camp: "I'm going to be the best pass rusher in the country," they said, adding that they were targeting at least 15 sacks. McKinley said they had fixed a bad habit of taking baby steps when the ball was snapped, limiting them to 4 1/2 sacks last season. … Defensive coordinator Tom Bradley said Mora addressed with their players their effort tailing off Wednesday during the second half of practice, the team's first in shoulder pads. "If we're really going to be good," Bradley said, "we can't have that happen." … Bradley, when asked about their reaction to unsealed testimony contending that they had known of Jerry Sandusky's sexual abuse prior to its having been reported to Penn State officials when Bradley worked for the Nittany Lions: "I've been deposed, I've been vetted, I've issued a statement [denying the allegations]. All of that speaks for itself."
According to Fangraphs, the average fourseam fastball velocity was 92.0 MPH in 2013, and the average changeup velocity was 82.9 MPH. Well, two flawless appearances into 2014, Trevor Rosenthal has done a tremendous job at making these two MLB-average velocities look like they belong to mere minor leaguers. Of their 25 pitches thrown, 22 have been fourseam fastballs and three have been changeups with average velocities of 97.47 MPH and 88.41 MPH, respectively.
I realize 25 pitches isn't enough to get a true gauge on a pitcher, but both velocities are almost identical to Rosenthal's career averages. This means their fourseam fastball is nearly 5.5 MPH faster than last year's league average, and their changeup is less than four MPH slower than the league's average fastball. Yep, you read that correctly. Let's take this to another level and make some visual comparisons:
Whoa. All right, none of the seven pitchers on the graph are necessarily classified as fourseam fastball pitchers. I get that. However, all seven have been able to have success (some temporary, some sustained) in the major leagues with a fastball velocity that is oh so similar to Rosenthal's changeup. Yes, a vital piece of information is that Rosenthal is a reliever and has a "fresher" arm for the duration of their appearances, but I honestly don't think their changeup velocity would be much different were they a starter. Plus, I have already made my opinion known on what Rosenthal's role should be on this team.
Their performance against the Reds:
Rosenthal garnered two saves over 2.1 innings pitched in the series and faced just seven hitters in the process: Zack Cozart (four-pitch strikeout), Brayan Pena (four-pitch strikeout), Roger Bernadina (five-pitch flyout), Brandon Phillips (five-pitch strikeout), Joey Votto (two-pitch flyout), Jay Bruce (two-pitch groundout), and Todd Frazier (three-pitch flyout).
Votto is obviously the class of the Reds lineup, so let's look at their plate appearance in particular.  They are a career .341 hitter with 42% of their 157 career home runs coming against fourseam fastballs. Their career slugging percentage on fastballs in the general area of last night's flyout is a whopping .843. Thus, two possible hypotheses can be made from this extremely small sample size (one plate appearance): 1) Votto just barely missed barrelling the pitch or 2) Rosenthal's fastball is not normal/borderline superhuman. I don't know about you, but I will take the latter.
Of the seven plate appearances in the series, one clearly stands out from the rest. In fact, I could make a substantial argument behind it being the best plate appearance of Rosenthal's young pitching career (407 career PAs). I realize it came against Brayan Pena (a career .256 hitter), but that shouldn't detract from the fact that Rosenthal was absolutely unfair in both pitch selection and pitch execution:
Honestly, this graph only tells half of the story. The fact that Rosenthal went from ~98 MPH to ~88 MPH to ~98 MPH to ~88 MPH is already unfair on the hitter. Well, they went one step further by changing Pena's eye level on each pitch—going up-down-up-down.
So, what can make Rosenthal even more effective going forward?
I am a fastball-changeup guy. If you read any of my old blog before I joined Viva El Birdos, then this should be nothing new to you. This is the main reason why I became infatuated with Michael Wacha last season. There is just something about making a hitter look foolish on a relatively straight pitch that gets me all warm and fuzzy inside. Well, right now Rosenthal throws their changeup 10-15% of the time. If they are able to ramp that up to 20-25% and gain comfort in using it in any count, they realistically could have an ERA in the low 1.00's this season.
Need some more convincing? Then I leave you with this:
via pitchergifs.com
If Rosenthal can develop a consistent changeup like the one seen in this .gif, they will somehow become even more fun to watch and more importantly, even more unhittable.
Credit to BrooksBaseball and Fangraphs for the data used in this post.
I received this nastygram (PDF) by email today from Scott Brown's campaign manager — cc-ing my boss, the provost and president.
I take it Mr. Reed's outrage is triggered by the Senate's regulations of what constitutes being a “lobbyist” for purposes of the Senate rules. I hadn't received the memo that explained that the English language is now regulated by the rules of the United States Senate. If there is such a memo, they should send it to The Hill too. Here are a few snippets of what they reported last March:
Brown has joined Nixon Peabody, a law and lobby firm, as counsel in the firm's Boston office. The Massachusetts Republican, also a former state senator, will concentrate their practice on “business and governmental affairs as they relate to the financial services industry as well as on commercial real estate matters,” according to the firm. … Brown joins former Rep. Tom Reynolds (R-N.Y.) at Nixon Peabody, one of the firm's more prominent lobbyists. Brown has already signed on as a contributor to Fox News. … Nixon Peabody has a burgeoning K Street practice, having made more than $1.5 million in lobbying fees for all of 2012, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
So yes, according to the Senate, Scott Brown isn't a “lobbyist.” But I submit to anyone else in the world, a former Senator joining a “law and lobbying firm” to help with Wall St's “business and governmental affairs” is to make them a lobbyist. Because to anyone else in the world, when you sell your influence to affect “business and governmental affairs,” you are a lobbyist.
By contrast, Jim Rubens has promised not to be a “lobbyist” after they leave government (if indeed they are elected). I take it, by that, Mr. Rubens means they would not accept a position like Scott Brown did either.
And finally, as for those “legal options” that Mr. Reed says he's “leaving on the table,” let me offer the words of Harry Callahan: “Go ahead. Make my day.”
Unsurprisingly, a new study of the 50 most populous cities in North America has found that Vancouver has the most unaffordable housing market.
The study, released by Point2 Homes on Monday, describes Vancouver's “insane affordability gap” and points out that its unaffordability exceeds that of Manhattan and San Francisco.
The study relies on a measurement called the “median multiple” for its conclusions, which compares median house prices to median household incomes to come up with an affordability ratio. A median multiple of 5.1, which means a home costs about five times the average annual household income, or more is considered “severely unaffordable.”
The study uses American dollars in its analysis, but the affordability ratio remains the same if the amounts are converted to Canadian dollars or Mexican pesos.
Vancouver's median family income is $63,944, and the median home sale price is just over $1.1 million. That produces a median multiple of about 17.3.
The study states that homes in San Francisco and Manhattan are more expensive than in Vancouver, but the largest city in B.C. has a lower median income, which drives up its affordability index. Manhattan's rating is 15.6, while San Francisco's is 13.8.
“The median home sale price has escalated way above the median family income, turning Vancouver into one of the least affordable housing markets in the world,” the study states.
Toronto is the next Canadian city on the list, with a median multiple of 7.5, meaning it is also severely unaffordable, followed by Mississauga (7.4). Montreal (4.2), Calgary (4.1), Edmonton (3.5), Ottawa (3.5) and Winnipeg (3.4) are also included in the survey.
Canada is considered North America's most expensive market, with a country-wide median multiple of 7.5. The median home sale price is $485,680 (almost twice as much as the U.S.), while the median family income is $64,752. The median family income in the U.S. is $56,516.
Vancouver's unaffordability comes as no surprise.
The 2017 Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey, released in January, rated Vancouver as the third most unaffordable city in which to live. It also found that affordability is deteriorating faster in Vancouver than any other major city and it has the worst housing bubble risk.
The annual survey, which has been conducted since 2004, looked at 406 metro housing markets in nine countries.
Related
jensaltman@postmedia.com
twitter.com/jensaltman
I'm just back from ten days' vacation, mostly spent pounding away on the book that my wife and I are working on about women in the developing world. So I didn't weigh in on the dispute about Scott McLellan's new book and whether the press rolled over in the run-up to the Iraq War. Katie Couric notably sided with the critics, saying it was “one of the most embarrassing chapters in American journalism.”
In The Washington Post, Ari Fleischer offers their own take, which was that the press did indeed do its job:
At the risk of agreeing with one of my toughest protagonists in the briefing room — NBC's David Gregory — the press was tough, plenty tough. I have the scars — and the transcripts — to prove it…. The press did ask the hard questions, repeatedly. Based on the CIA's conclusions, many of the president's and my answers turned out to be wrong, but you can't blame the press for either the CIA's reporting or decisions reached by the president. It's important to recognize that regardless of the outcome of the war in Iraq — an outcome still being written — the press didn't cause it to happen or otherwise enable it.
My take is different. I think we in the press were indeed too docile in the aftermath of 9/11, although I think that is partly explained by the lack of Democratic Party opposition to White House policies at the time. We in the press tend to cover disputes, and so if Democratic senators had stood up to criticize these policies, we would have done our job better. But when the opposition party has rolled over and there's no dispute to cover, then the news media's role becomes more complicated.
More broadly, the standard criticism of the press has to do with Iraqi WMD, and there I think some of the critique is misdirected. Sure, we should have been more skeptical in our tone, but since the senior Clinton administration foreign policy team all thought that there was WMD in Iraq I'm not sure the coverage would have felt much different to the average reader.
Where I don't think we're adequately scolded has to do with the attitude of the Iraqi people. No amount of journalism could have proved that Iraq didn't have WMD, but we could have done a much better job conveying the fact that ordinary Iraqis didn't want a U.S. invasion. They hated Saddam but also hated the idea of “liberation” by U.S. troops, and planned to welcome us not with flowers but with bullets. That was relevant information that was entirely gettable; it was obvious to anyone reporting in Iraq or the region, and indeed some reporters did convey that. But overall American news coverage didn't adequately convey the hostility among Iraqis to the U.S. invasion and the anger that it would inspire, and the American invasion was premised partly on the false notion that Iraqis were going to welcome us. We should have done a better job pushing back at that spin from the White House.
That's my take. What's yours?
Story highlights The final year leading up to exams is an extremely intense period for students
Almost 75% of the student population last year took up private education
South Korea's obsession with academic success is rooted in Confucianism
Most South Korean students consider their final year in high school "the year of hell." It is when all students are put to the ultimate test.
About 700,000 test applicants sat down in classrooms across the country Thursday to take their college entrance exams -- also known as the College Scholastic Ability Test (CSAT).
The stock markets opened an hour late, buses and subway services were increased and police cars offered rides for students, all to ensure they made it on time.
Younger students gathered in large groups outside school gates, some having arrived at 4a.m. to mind a good spot, waiting to support their school seniors. Cheers exploded throughout the school grounds as test applicants arrived, most being guided by their anxious parents.
"I'm just praying for them It's the same for all the mothers out here. They're just praying for the best," a mother said, as they stood across from the school long after their daughter had entered.
JUST WATCHED Big test day for South Korean students Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Big test day for South Korean students 02:49
JUST WATCHED South Korea students take massive test Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH South Korea students take massive test 01:45
"I want to give them a hug when it's over and tell them they did a great job up until now," they added.
For many, this one test -- which lasts a good eight hours -- will determine which university they enter. It is considered the chance to make or break one's future.
In a country where more than 80% of high school students move on to higher-level education, getting into a prestigious school is all the more competitive. The final year leading up to the test is one of most intense periods students will ever experience.
"In South Korea, the reality is most students have lived for this very day. They have put in so much time and effort, and the fact that everything is decided on this one day can place an immense amount of pressure on them," a teacher from Paihwa Girl's High School, who had come to cheer on their students, said.
Many test-takers will give up sleep, living sometimes on only five hours of rest a day throughout the year. Family members live nervously in fear that they will disrupt the mood of their high-school child.
South Korea's obsession with education and academic success is rooted in Confucianism. The long practice of equating social status with academic achievement has left behind a tradition of pouring everything into studying.
South Koreans on average spend 7.6 hours studying in the classroom, according to the country's former Education Minister Ahn Byong-man.
From elementary school ages, South Koreans will spend many hours in cram schools after their regular classes. Almost 75% of the student population last year took up private education, according to the Ministry of Education.
In order to reduce the financial burden from private education and encourage the students to rest, the current Lee Myung-bak administration placed a ban on operating private classes after 10pm. Government officials routinely patrol areas and crackdown on illicit classes.
For a senior high school student, a study routine will include self-study sessions at school, cram school classes and more self-studying hours late into the night at private cubicles. This is all on top of their regular class hours.
The psychological burden is such that South Korea suffers from high student suicide rates. More than 200 students committed suicide in 2009 and about 150 the following year, according to Ahn's Presidential Advisory Council on Education, Science and Technology.
A heavy reliance on rote learning is also a challenge the country faces, as it tries to diversify its curriculum and reduce the stress from studying.
"It is a problem too that students learn a lot. They have a bunch of knowledge. They are well-equipped with good knowledge, I would say, but the process is so painful, they don't know how to enjoy learning from learning, you know," Ahn Byong-man said.
The college entrance environment is better than it used to be in many ways. Some fortunate students will win a ticket to university without taking the CSAT through other recommendation programs.
However, the importance of the CSAT still outweighs alternatives. More than 20% of the applicants to this year's test are high school graduates, also known as "retakers."
Those who are unsatisfied with their test results this year will likely volunteer to live through another year of sleep-deprived nights.
“This place is the heart of the community,” says Keegan Henry-Mathieu as we walk through the sunny parking lot of North York Sheridan Mall at Jane St. and Wilson Ave. “There's not much other public space around here where people can gather like this.” We're exploring the lower east corner of Ward 7, where Henry-Mathieu is running for city council.
Makeshift stalls with reggae blaring set up shop at North York Sheridan Mall at Jane St. and Wilson Ave. ( Shawn Micallef / Special to the Star ) Ward 7 (York West) candidate Keegan Henry-Mathieu in front of the community gardens outside one of the Chalkfarm Park towers. ( Shawn Micallef / Special to the Star ) Ward 7 candidate Keegan Henry-Mathieu on a bridge over Black Creek off of Chalkfarm Park. "Black Creek could be our High Park if done right," says Keegan. ( Shawn Micallef / Special to the Star ) The Chalkfarm towers in Ward 7 are notorious for crime but are on the rebound of late, with revitalization efforts that include garbage cleanup and community gardens. Keegan Henry-Mathieu says many of the apartments inside are in deplorable condition, which they hope to change. ( Shawn Micallef / Special to the Star )
“This is the Toronto melting pot,” they say of Ward 7. “Immigrants have always come here. It's a mix of middle and lower incomes. The strip malls show all the variety and you can get everything you need done without leaving the area.” Like many small community malls around the GTA, Sheridan is filled with mostly independent retailers, and there are makeshift stalls outside that sell CDs, flags and bracelets while reggae booms in the background. Henry-Mathieu, 27, has been going to City Hall since they were 16, for a time as chair of the Toronto Youth Cabinet, the city's official youth advisory panel.
Article Continued Below
Now he's determined to get into the civics game in a big way, though sprawling Ward 7 is a hard one to pin down. Roughly straddling Hwy. 400 from Hwy. 401 up to Steeles Ave., its western border is the meandering Humber River, with Jane and the 400 alternately serving as the eastern border. The 400 and a CPR rail corridor limit connections across the ward to just a few main arterial roads. There are also vast industrial zones, further separating residential neighbourhoods. Black Creek also wiggles its way through Ward 7, sometimes “channelized” in concrete, other times in a somewhat natural state. It separates the mall and residential areas but a busy footbridge connects the two, with ducks underneath, resting on the banks or looking up expectedly for the scraps of bread neighbours sometimes feed them. Henry-Mathieu wanted to meet at Sheridan Mall because it's adjacent to Chalkfarm Park, where four towers house some 4,000 people. “I was told to stay away from Chalkfarm because voter turnout is so low,” they say. “Don't waste your time, they told me.”
Henry-Mathieu feels it's that attitude that has led to people feeling so disenfranchised and left out that, if you mention City Hall, residents will “laugh in your face.” The current councillor, Giorgio Mammoliti, is known for their surprising outbursts and is currently embroiled in a fundraising scandal.
Article Continued Below
We make our way around the mall parking lot to Chalkfarm Park and the four towers that dominate the skyline here. A pool outside the community centre is filled with the noise of swimming children as we walk by. The towers have been notorious in the past for crime, but have been on the rebound of late with revitalization efforts that include garbage cleanup and community gardens, though Henry-Mathieu says many of the apartments inside are in deplorable condition, which they hope to change. He's also excited about the potential of the area's strip malls, suggesting tax incentives for owners could beautify and create better public areas around them, and that the new rules around food trucks could make the mall parking lot even more of a meeting spot. To the north of the towers are a half-dozen streets of single-family homes, a high- and lowrise mix typical of this ward and the rest of Toronto. On a second bridge that leads from the park west to another residential neighbourhood, Henry-Mathieu says, “Black Creek could be our High Park if done right.” And why not? The creek is here, and so are the trees. They're just waiting for some political willpower. Shawn Micallef writes every Friday about where and how we live in the GTA. Wander the streets with them on Twitter @shawnmicallef
Read more about:
The following piece is a reflection on my experience of the male gaze as someone who is read as a femme white cis girl, and how my increased public visibility compares to when I was presenting as a normative cis boy. It is solely a discussion of my personal experiences, and of course shouldn't be considered a representation of all trans* people or trans* women. I am fully aware of my “passing privilege” and recognize that trans* women of color and those who don't “pass” bear the burden of even more unwanted attention, discrimination, and threats of violence when out in public.
It's a foggy San Francisco morning and I'm late for work again. I hurry out the door and I'm halfway to the BART station when I notice that someone on a bicycle has been following me. I turn around to see a guy in a dirty sweatshirt making the “I'm eating you out” tongue and hand gesture. Ewww. I'm almost tempted to tell this creep that I probably don't have what he's looking for, but instead I turn and walk faster towards the station. Once on the train, I grab an open seat across from a man in a business suit who smiles politely but then won't. Stop. Staring. At first I try to ignore him, hoping that he'll lose interest. When that fails, I try staring back, making sure that he's aware that I notice. Still no luck — this only seems to encourage him. I eventually give up and hide behind the pages of the magazine I'm reading for the rest of the ride. When we arrive, I get off the train and head towards my station exit. At this point I barely notice that the eyes of several men I pass by drift in my direction. Welcome to my daily commute.
It wasn't always this way. I used to be invisible in public when I was read as a heternormative white upper-middle-class cisgender boy. Looking back, it's a privilege that I definitely took for granted. I never needed to be as aware of my surroundings as I do now. I didn't have to think twice before walking by myself at night. I could go out to a bar without worrying about unwanted advances from strangers. Before transitioning, my only experience with the male gaze was from the sidelines. Growing up, I looked on as my guy friends ogled and objectified nearly every attractive girl they encountered. In real life, in magazines, or on screen, the socialization that I experienced broadcast the message that women's bodies existed for male consumption. During my years in the frat, I'm ashamed to say that I remained silent when the “bros” gathered on the balcony to drink beer and harass any female that dared walk in front of the house. Desperate to blend in and dealing with my own internal struggles, I said nothing. I thought that this was just the way things were. After all, the entire Greek System seemed to encourage the notion that female bodies were a public commodity. Case in point: an annual tradition at my university is an event known as the “Running of the Girls”, in which all of the newly accepted sorority members sprint from the center of campus to their respective houses, in front of crowds of drunk cheering men. I remember watching this spectacle with mild curiosity, but having no idea what it must have been like for the girls being put through this ritual.
Years later, I think I can relate to how these girls felt. I'm not always subjected to overt sexual advances, but there's never a day where I don't get stared at. And just to be clear, I'm not trying to say that I think I'm so attractive that strangers simply can't resist checking me out. Almost all of my female friends have the same experiences. Whenever I discuss this with them, the near universal response is: “Welcome to being a girl. Get used to it.” I'm learning from first-hand experience that women in our society, in particular those whose presentation is femme, are much more visible in public.
“Don't dwell on it too much,” my friends tell me. “After a while, you won't even notice the stares anymore. You just learn to tune that stuff out.” Maybe they're right. In time I'm sure that I'll adjust to the attention. But for now, the increased visibility really fucks with my head sometimes; especially as a trans girl who only came out last December. I'm lucky to “pass” as cisgender. I've never had to deal with hurtful or inappropriate comments from strangers (about me being trans, at least). I haven't been “clocked” or misgendered for several months. In spite of all this, I'm still prone to the occasional bout of overwhelming dysphoria when out in public. (I suppose that these moments of anxiety are to be expected, considering that I take the equivalent of dozens of birth control pills every day.) When this happens, it feels like I'm back on Day 1 of the transition and I want to hide under a fuzzy blanket until the feeling goes away. I want to be invisible. The last thing I need is for people to stare at me. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to locate an off switch for the male gaze. It's especially unnerving when I'm feeling anxious and I can't determine what the stares mean.
At this point, I can tell the difference between a friendly smile and when a man is sexually interested in me. I know what a judgmental glare from someone who doesn't approve of my girlfriend and I are holding hands looks like. I also remember the looks of confusion I got when I first started experimenting with makeup and androgyny; you could see people trying to determine my gender. But often the stares are none of these. Not friendly, not sexual, not malicious; just blank. At first it really freaked me out, prompting my overactive imagination to come up with a dozen possible reasons for the attention. After talking to some of my male friends, I now realize that most of these blank stares are subconscious and unintentional. One trans guy described it to me like this: “I try to be super conscious and aware and not stare, but sometimes I don't even notice I'm doing it. I'm just like Holy shit, who is that? Look at her! and then after a few seconds I realize what I just did and feel bad. Sometimes I feel like checking someone out is like a reaction that happens really quickly and can be hard to control.” I guess that they have a point. To some extent, it's human nature to stare. I'm guilty of it at times too, especially when I'm coveting a super cute outfit. And I'm sure it doesn't help that my style trends toward bright colors, bows, and queer accentuated femininity. Can I really expect people not to stare when I dress like a 50's housewife amid a sea of drab black pea coats?
I haven't only experienced this increased visibility when out in public. I've felt the effects of the male gaze online as well, but for an entirely different reason. I've tried to limit my online presence to primarily queer spaces, so I've been fairly isolated from the so-called “chasers”: men who are interested in me specifically because I am trans. However, a few weeks ago I discovered that my photo was being discussed on an erotic forum called “Tempting Transsexuals.” Sandwiched between the hardcore penetration images and close-up shots of genitalia was a photo of me fully-clothed and sitting on a park bench. The person who posted the picture described me as “New TS Amateur Annika.” Apparently I was given the “amateur” label because although I have never been involved in pornography, the readers of that forum assume that it's only a matter of time (because clearly all trans women's bodies are there for their consumption).
As my hair grows out (since many straight men equate short hair with lesbian-ness) and the hormones continue to work their magic, I realize that invisibility is no longer an option for me. Fair enough; I can learn to tune out the stares like most of my friends do. What really bothers me, however, is how much of an effect that male attention has on my mood and self-esteem, especially because I'm not even attracted to men. I dress and present the way I do because it feels comfortable and comes naturally to me. I certainly don't do it to seek the approval of the male gaze. But I'd be lying if I said that I don't feel flattered when guys hit on me. I'm not exactly sure why. Maybe it's a case of internalized heterosexism. It could be that it feels validating on some level, after years of hating my body and watching the boys my age obsess over the girls who I wanted so desperately to be. Whatever the cause may be, I realize that this need for straight male validation is deeply problematic and it's something that I'm trying to be aware of. Though, I have to admit that the positive attention can feel empowering at times. It's kind of fun to be able to get free drinks simply by batting my eyelashes, or having random strangers rush to open doors for me. Is it wrong to exploit the patriarchy for my own advantage while fighting to dismantle it at the same time? At any rate, I'm starting to realize that the male gaze is now a constant presence in my life. Having now experienced public visibility from both sides of the societal gender binary, I can say that I had no idea just how different it would be. The increased attention can get annoying- but there's no way that I would want things to go back to exactly the way they were before. Being a girl is too much fun!
Annika blogs at Transgender Express . Follow them on tumblr!
For the past week, a group of students, teachers, and community members at Audenried High School have been vocal in their opposition to the District's plans to convert their school into a charter.
Today, say some, the District struck back.
Hope Moffett, a third-year English teacher at Audenried who has been particularly outspoken in their criticism, told the Notebook that they received a letter today from the District informing them that they are "being temporarily assigned to the High School Academic Division (AD-1) located at 3133 Ridge Avenue."
Philadelphia Federation of Teachers President Jerry Jordan, reached late tonight, confirmed that a second staff member at Audenried was also reassigned today.
The Notebook has obtained a copy of the terse four-sentence letter to Moffett, which is signed by Assistant Superintendent for High Schools Linda Cliatt-Wayman.
It states that Moffett faces further sanction for disclosing the letter's contents.
"You are directed not to discuss this matter. Failure to follow this directive will result in disciplinary action," it reads.
Asked to comment, the District provided a written statement.
"As a standard practice the District does not comment on personnel matters," it said.
"Academic time is intended to be used for just that. … We believe in creating institutions of greatness. To do this we believe teachers must be responsible and provide a safe and academically focused environment for all students, especially during classroom time."
Several teachers at the school, all of whom wished to remain anonymous for fear of retribution, spoke highly of Moffett.
"Everything I've ever seen them do has been about and for those kids," said one colleague.
"She is possibly the most passionate teacher I've ever worked with," said another.
Despite the threat of further discipline, Moffett said they feel compelled to speak out.
"I honestly just am tired of the District coming in and trying to intimidate our teachers, principals, and students," they said.
"I knew exactly what I was getting into. I [am I speaking to the press] because I think what I did was right."
PFT President Jordan, who was traveling Thursday, said they would be briefed by their staff on the situation Friday."If there was an attempt to intimidate the teacher, we will not tolerate it – absolutely not," they said. "I will be personally involved in this case."
Over the past nine days, Moffett has on several occasions publicly criticized the District's plans for Audenried under the Renaissance Schools initiative.
This week, Moffett was one of five Audenried teachers to sign a guest blog post on the Notebook‘s website in which they questioned the District's justification for designating Audenried a Renaissance school.
Moffett also appeared with students who protested at Wednesday's School Reform Commission meeting, and they were vocal in their criticism of District officials during a District-run informational meeting at Audenried last week.
During one of several emotional public statements during that meeting, Moffett chastised Deputy for Secondary Instructional Programs Michael Silverman and Deputy for Process Improvement and Compliance Thomas Darden for the lack of information they provided to those in attendance.
"The fact that you came to this meeting without data is unacceptable," said Moffett.
"I expect my students to come to my class prepared to defend their arguments."
As part of its new "Promise Neighborhood Partnership" with Universal Companies, the District is directly awarding both Audenried and Edwin Vare Middle School to Universal to be run as charters, bypassing the recent practice of soliciting parent and community input into the selection of external managers that has been used at other Renaissance Schools.
Under the District plan, all teachers at the two schools will be let go, then given the opportunity to reapply to Universal for their jobs – minus the union protections they currently enjoy.
Prior to the news, Moffett, 25, taught 11th grade English at Audenried.
They began their career as a Teach for America corps member at the school in 2008, the same year Audenried was re-opened in its new facility.
"I purposely followed my students from 9th grade to 10th grade to 11th grade so that I would be with them as the first graduating class [in the new building]," said Moffett in an earlier interview.
Moffett stressed that they did not organize the student walkout at Audenried earlier this week, although they said they did "educate the students about the issues."
"The students of Audenried are the ones who are protesting. It is absolutely not the manipulation of teachers or staff," said Moffett.
At the UN, the International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU) and Atheist Republic have highlighted the grave situation for atheists in Malaysia, where government ministers are essentially calling for a witch hunt against members of the Kuala Lumpur chapter of Atheist Republic.
The statement, supported by Atheist Republic, was delivered by IHEU director of advocacy, Elizabeth O'Casey, to the UN Human Rights Council yesterday. The Human Rights Council is the body responsible for promoting an protecting human rights around the world. It was the first IHEU statement to the 36th session of the Council.
Last month, a Malaysian government minister said authorities would investigate a local atheist meet-up group after a picture from their meeting in Kuala Lumpur went viral. The groups also received threats from antagonistic social media users, angry that so-called “apostates” from Islam may be involved in the group.
Describing the government fueled hate against atheists, secularists and humanists as a “witch hunt”, O'Casey also referenced Prime Minister Razak's comments a few years ago when they described humanism and secularism as threats to Islam and the state, and labeled human rights based on secularism, humanism and liberalism as “deviationist”.
In response, O'Casey, said “Advocating secularism means supporting a system where freedom of religion or belief and expression for all is respected. Humanists defend human rights and promote values grounded in a concern for all people over that of ideology or dogma. If doing these things is “deviant” then we're proud to be “deviationists” and stand by all those in Malaysia who are doing the same thing.”
Armin Navabi, the founder of Atheist Republic, commented, “Atheists are one of the world's most persecuted minorities, and yet they are also one of the least defended. Atheists need to know that their countries care for and welcome them and that they are not ignored by the international community when they are being hunted down by their governments.
“Our atheist members in Malaysia are very grateful for the attention the International Humanist and Ethical Union has brought this issue.”
The UN Special Rapporteur in the field of Cultural Rights, Dr Karima Bennoune, recently made an official visit to Malaysia. During their preliminary observations after their trip , Dr Bennoune condemned the reported statement by the deputy minister charged with Religious Affairs that those involved in a recent gathering of atheists should be investigated.
They also commented that, “the rule that those choosing to leave Islam must undergo counselling and must obtain a certificate from a Syariah court to do so is demeaning and a limit on their right to take part in cultural life without discrimination.” Dr Bennoune expressed sadness that some of the lawyers representing clients in such cases are reportedly shunned, and said, “Non-religious persons must also be recognized, alongside the wide variety of religious believers as part of the fabric of a diverse and tolerant society.”
O'Casey's statement to the Human Rights Council follow in full below:
ORAL STATEMENT
International Humanist and Ethical Union
UN Human Rights Council, 36th Session (11 September – 29 September 2017)
General Debate on Item 4
Elizabeth O'Casey
This statement is supported by Atheist Republic.
Last month, a minister in the Malaysian government, Datuk Seri Shahidan Kassim, said the following: “It goes against the Constitution and human rights… I suggest that we hunt them down vehemently and we ask for help to identify these groups.”
The minister was talking about Malaysian citizens who came together as part of the Kuala Lumpur chapter of Atheist Republic and posted a photo of themselves on social media.
The idea that atheists should be “hunted down” by the authorities with the help of the public is essentially a mandate for a witch hunt, with all the human rights implications and risks to individual safety and security that this implies.
Another minister, Asyraf Wajdi Dusuki, instructed the Federal Territories Islamic Religious Department to investigate the group to see if any Muslims were involved; they said that ex-Muslims found to be part of the gathering would be counselled, and anyone found spreading atheist ideas potentially prosecuted.
This type of government language of persecution against the non-religious in the country is not new; in 2014, Prime Minister Razak described humanism and secularism as threats to Islam and the state. They said, “They call it human rightism, where the core beliefs are based on humanism and secularism as well as liberalism. It's deviationist in that it glorifies the desires of man alone and rejects any value system that encompasses religious norms and etiquettes.”
Advocating secularism means supporting a system where freedom of religion or belief and expression for all is respected. Humanists defend human rights and promote values grounded in a concern for all people over that of ideology or dogma. If doing these things is “deviant” then we're proud to be “deviationists” and stand by all those in Malaysia who are doing the same thing.
Over-the-air television signals may no longer be free after a Federal Court of Appeal decision cleared the way for broadcasters to charge satellite and TV cable providers for the right to transmit their programs.
In a 2-1 ruling, the court said regulators have authority to establish a regime allowing CTV, CBC and other broadcasters to negotiate fees that providers such as Rogers Cable would be charged for the signals.
Satellite and cable companies have warned that they will pass the costs directly onto consumers, estimating the charge will add $5 to $10 to monthly bills.
Rogers Communications Inc. vice-chair Phil Lind said Tuesday that the Toronto-based cable provider will seek leave to appeal the decision, suggesting that they expect other broadcasters to join the fight that could end up at the Supreme Court.
Private broadcasters complain their signals are picked up by satellite and cable companies without charge, warning that without a payment scheme they could be forced to close more local stations and cut Canadian productions.
As we revealed In a previous article, AlphaOmega has been continuously adding new site features since their launch. If going ratio free and building partnership with a P2P uploader team was not enough, here are details of some of the most recent changes introduced at AO :
The AlphaOmega Store
If you had not already noticed we now have the Store tab (sorry it took so long), which you can click and it will take you to the Store. From here you are able to do a few things. (more will be added at a later date)
Buy Additional Invites (Once brought your invite count will be increased by 1)
Buy Upload GB's (Useful to get to the next rank. Each unit is 1GB, so if you buy 20, its 20GB!)
Custom Title
Transfer Points (Transfer selected amount of your points from you to a friend)
Additionally, you are able to see what is available from the IRC, to do this you can type !store and a list like this will appear.
Personal RSS Feed
Finally after months of work, the Persoanal RSS Feed now works, this can be used with uTrorrent & ruTorrent (i think it works with Deluge and Transmission too). If you know how to use RSS then it is pretty self explanitory, but if you are having trouble with it please do not hesitate to come into our IRC to the help channel #Atlas and speak to one of our friendly Staff. Otherwise check out the Forums for some answers.
New ANiME Section
After months and months of members begging for an Anime section we have implemented it. Just look at the Cats on the main Browse Page and you will see it there. It seems to have only been up for a day and well there are load of torrents already filling it up, so it looks like it was a good addition to the site. Please if you do encounter any issues with this new Section do not hesitate to contact one of our friendly Staff so they can assist you.
New MP3/Spam Tab
Right, we have implemented a new TAB which takes you to a whole new section of the Site. This is the MP3/Spam TAB. If you are looking for your daily fix of APPS, E-Books, MP3's & Misc then you will be able to find it all in here. This will not be announced in the Main channel on IRC but it will still be announced in the #AO.Announce channel.
Warcraft mom who let toddler die while they gamed gets 25 years; appeals court rules computer search lawful
Five years after their three year old daughter died from malnutrition and dehydration, a woman who played World of Warcraft obsessively every day is now in prison. Rebecca Colleen Christie of Las Cruces, NM has been sentenced to 25 years in prison, almost two years after their 2009 conviction on second-degree murder and child abandonment charges.
As Owen Good at Kotaku wrote:
The case against Christie showed that the day the girl died, Christie had been playing Warcraft and chatting with friends she'd made online for 15 hours. Prosecutors said there appeared to be so little food that the girl ate cat food.
In a ruling from the US Court of Appeals Tenth Circuit (PDF) this week, judges confirmed the right of the state to search computers for evidence. The ruling contains some extremely upsetting details about the life and death of Ms. Christie's toddler (referenced in the court documents as "BW"), but if you can make it past that, there are some interesting 4th Amendment considerations.
The ruling also references Christie's former husband, Derek Wulf, a man enlisted in the Air Force who was also an avid (or, one might argue, pathologically obsessive) gamer.
An excerpt:
Because BW died on an Air Force base, federal authorities bore the responsibility to investigate and the power to prosecute. They proceeded against Ms. Christie and Mr. Wulf separately. In our proceeding, a federal jury found Ms. Christie guilty of second-degree murder, two assimilated state law homicide charges, as well as an assimilated child abuse charge. After trial, the district court dismissed the two assimilated homicide charges and entered a twenty-five year sentence on the remaining second-degree federal murder and the assimilated child abuse charge. It is this judgment both sides now appeal. Much of the evidence presented at trial against Ms. Christie came from the computer they so prized. From their forensic analysis, FBI investigators learned that Ms. Christie's online activities usually kept them busy from noon to 3 a.m. with little pause. They learned that they were in a chat room only an hour before finding BW near death, and that they were back online soon afterwards. They learned from Ms. Christie's messages to other gamers that they were annoyed by their responsibilities as a mother and “want[ed] out of this house fast.” When Mr. Wulf was slated for deployment, they announced to online friends that they would soon be free to “effing party.” Ms. Christie contends this evidence and more from their computer was uncovered in violation of their Fourth Amendment rights and the district court should have suppressed it from their trial. Because the court didn't, because it admitted the proof against her, Ms. Christie says a new trial is required. To be precise, Ms. Christie doesn't question whether the government's seizure of the computer satisfied the Fourth Amendment. The government took possession of the computer in May 2006 with Mr. Wulf's consent. Everyone accepts that they were at least a co-owner of the computer—it was a gift from their father—and everyone accepts they had at least apparent authority to relinquish its control. Instead, Ms. Christie attacks the propriety of the two searches the government undertook once it had control of the computer. To justify its searches the government does not seek to rely on Mr. Wulf's consent but points to a pair of warrants it sought and received, one for each search. It is these warrants Ms. Christie challenges, arguing they were issued in defiance of the Fourth Amendment.
The judges conclude by stating:
ALAMEDA — Mixed opinions have followed Raiders' second-round pick Mario Edwards Jr.
Edwards was one of the top-rated recruits in the country out of high school, a five-star prospect from Texas with offers galore, but their collegiate career at Florida State offered mixed results.
Edwards, a defensive end, had only eight sacks in their three years with the Seminoles, and questions about their desire, conditioning and passion filled their draft profile. Still, they were a first-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference pick, and Sports Illustrated named them a second-team All-American.
The questions cropped back up when Edwards' debut didn't go so well. Pro Football Focus rated them as the Raiders' worst defender in their 36 snaps in the team's exhibition opener against the St. Louis Rams.
Attributing part of that to nerves and acclimation to the NFL, Edwards responded the next time out. They split a sack with Ben Heeney that forced a fumble Saturday against the Minnesota Vikings and overall was much more active.
“I think he's progressing very nicely,” coach Jack Del Rio said of Edwards. “Much improved week of practice, much improved outing in the game. Definitely trending the way we want to see it go. Just want to see more. Want to see continued effort and energy the way they provided its last week.”
Edwards admits to being surprised by the game speed in their NFL debut.
“I felt like I got off the ball good, but by the time I took my second step, the center had already reached me,” Edwards said. “That's when I was like, ‘This game is a lot faster than it was in college.' “
Against the Vikings, they were credited with two quarterback hurries in addition to their half sack. Only starting defensive tackle Dan Williams had a higher overall grade from Pro Football Focus, and Edwards was the Raiders' highest graded pass rusher.
“I just kind pinned my ears back, stopped thinking as much and just played,” Edwards said. “The first game, I was definitely thinking too much on top of being nervous. Once those jitters were gone and I realized how fast it was, the second game was better.”
Defensive coordinator Ken Norton Jr. said they like what they have seen.
“I think he's done a fine job,” Norton said of Edwards. “If you watch them in college, you watch the effort, the attitude, the playmaking. You can always tell good players when they're around the ball a lot, when they're making plays. The ball is tackled or sacked or intercepted and you see the same number showing up again around the ball, that's the sign of a good player, and that's the sign you want to see.”
Linebacker Sio Moore talked with reporters a day after returning to practice and having Del Rio declare that the former starting weakside linebacker was “competing to be a role player” right now. “I don't think I need to validate that with y'all,” Moore said of Del Rio's comments. “If that's what they said, that's what they said. I do what I've got to do.” Moore started 22 games over the past two years before their season was cut short by a significant hip injury that required surgery and kept them out of most of the offseason program. By most measures, he's still one of the better defensive players on the Raiders. They were third on the team in tackles last year despite missing five games. But with Malcolm Smith playing well at weakside linebacker, Del Rio isn't handing anything back over to Moore. Yet, Moore wouldn't call their time missed frustrating. “My job is to make sure that I can play football and play football well and do whatever I have to do to make sure I can do that,” Moore said.
Sculptures to be displayed at Fitzwilliam Museum, Cambridge, thought to be the only surviving bronzes by the Renaissance artist
Two handsome, virile naked men riding triumphantly on ferocious panthers will on Monday be unveiled as, probably, the only surviving bronze sculptures by the Renaissance giant Michelangelo.
In art history terms, the attribution is sensational. Academics in Cambridge will suggest that a pair of mysterious metre-high sculptures known as the Rothschild Bronzes are by the master himself, made just after they completed David and as they were about to embark on the Sistine Chapel ceiling.
If correct, they are the only surviving Michelangelo bronzes in the world.
The new Michelangelo sculptures are a sensation, but are they any good? | Jonathan Jones Read more
They will go on public display at the Fitzwilliam Museum in Cambridge from Tuesday. Victoria Avery, keeper of applied arts at the museum, said the attribution project, involving an international team of experts from different fields, had been like “a Renaissance whodunnit”. They said: “It has been a huge privilege to be involved, very exciting and great fun.”
Crucial to the attribution of the bronzes, which belong to a private British owner, has been a tiny detail from a drawing by an apprentice of Michelangelo, now in the Musée Fabre in Montpellier, France. The drawing shows in one corner a muscular youth riding a panther in a similar pose.
Last autumn, Paul Joannides, professor of art history at Cambridge University, connected the sculptures to the drawing.
Further research included a neutron scan at a research institute in Switzerland, which placed the bronzes in the first decade of the 16th century. Investigations by clinical anatomist Professor Peter Abrahams, from the University of Warwick, suggested every detail in the bronzes was textbook perfect Michelangelo – from the six packs to the belly buttons, which are as artist portrayed them on their marble statue of David.
“Even a peroneal tendon is visible, as is the transverse arch of the foot,” Abrahams writes in the book that accompanies the discovery.
Michelangelo bronzes discovered – in pictures Read more
Avery said: “Whoever made them clearly had a profound interest in the male body … the anatomy is perfect.”
The pictorial evidence is also compelling, with Michelangelo's nudes on the Sistine Chapel being clearly similar to the Rothschild Bronzes.
The bronzes were initially attributed to Michelangelo, but the link was discredited in the late 19th century. Since then they have been ascribed to various great sculptors and their circles, including Tiziano Aspetti, Jacopo Sansovino and Benvenuto Cellini – all of them great artists.
“They are clearly masterpieces,” said Avery. “The modelling is superb, they are so powerful and so compelling, so whoever made them had to be superb.”
They said they had deliberately proceeded with caution during the attribution project.
“You have to be pretty brave to even contemplate that they could be work by an artist of the magnificence and fame and importance of Michelangelo. We decided to be rather cautious, to be very careful and methodical … nobody wants to be shot down and to look like an idiot.”
We decided to be rather cautious, to be very careful and methodical … nobody wants to look like an idiot Victoria Avery, Fitzwilliam Museum
They are now as convinced as they can be that the bronzes were made by Michelangelo between 1506 and 1508, when they were in their early 30s, hungry for success.
The history of the sculptures is as fascinating as they are beautiful. They are named after their first recorded owner, Baron Adolphe de Rothschild, a grandson of Mayer Amschel Rothschild, who founded the banking dynasty. It is possible that Rothschild bought them from one of the Bourbon kings of Naples and if so they may have come from the Villa Reale at Caserta where the Bourbon art treasures were displayed. After Rothschild's death in 1900 the bronzes were inherited by Maurice de Rothschild. When they died in 1957 they went into a private French collection and were effectively forgotten about until they came to auction in 2002 and were bought by the current unnamed British owner.
They were sold at Sotheby's where experts loosely associated them with the Florentine sculptor Cellini.
They began to interest academics once more and featured in an exhibition on Willem van Tetrode at the Frick Collection and then at the Royal Academy's big Bronze show in 2012, where they were attributed to the circle of Michelangelo and dated towards the middle of the 16th century. Experts who saw them at the RA recognised them as Michelangelesque but were reluctant to assign them directly to the man himself.
The attribution is particular exciting because no other Michelangelo bronzes survive. A two-thirds size bronze David, known to have been made for a French grandee's chateau, was lost during the French Revolution and a spectacular statue of Pope Julius II was melted down for artillery by rebellious Bolognese.
The bronzes will be on display at the Fitzwilliam from 3 February to 9 August, with a book of the discovery, and more findings and research will be presented at an international conference on 6 July.
Avery said they were keen for as many people as possible to see them and join the debate which they hoped would not just be for academics. “I really hope people will engage with this, that they will read the arguments – maybe sit down in a cafe for half an hour with the book – and then come and look at the bronzes and make their own mind up.”
John McDonnell has today revealed details of a series of new year economic conferences designed to deliver policies for widespread prosperity in the aftermath of Brexit.
The shadow chancellor has asked a series of left-leaning economics and commentators to take part in the events around Britain from February.
They said the one-day conferences will build on Jeremy Corbyn's aim to form an “economy that works for all” which featured in their summer leadership campaign.
The first event will take place in Merseyside – the city where McDonnell grew up – on Saturday February 4 and will feature Corbyn, Steve Rotheram, Labour's candidate for metro Mayor in Liverpool, Faiza Shaheen, director of trade union-backed think tank Class, artist Maxine Peake, academic Dr Daniela Gabor, as well as representatives of the TUC, The Federation of Small Businesses and the British Chambers of Commerce.
It comes around a year after McDonnell kicked off a series of free public seminars on “the new economics”, featuring academics such as Mariana Mazzucato, although some of the experts later expressed disappointed at Corbyn's efforts in the EU referendum campaign.
Today McDonnell, one of Corbyn's closest political allies, said the regional conferences in 2017 are designed to “transform” the debate in the aftermath of the EU referendum.
As well as the Merseryside event, there are other conferences due to take place in Glasgow, Newcastle, Bristol and Cardiff. A spokesperson for McDonnell confirmed the annual State of the Economy conference will also take place in Birmingham in May.
Happy American Craft Beer Week Everyone! It's time to get out, show your love of craft beer or put aside your usual “Big Beer” brand and try something new.
Since 2006 the Brewers Association, the national organization that represents the interests of small and independent craft brewers in America, has promoted a week-long celebration of the enjoyment of Craft Beer. In 2011 it is predicted that celebrations of American Craft Beer Week will be held across all 50 states. To find out about American Craft Beer Week events in your area check out American Craft Beer Week page at CraftBeer.com.
If you, like the Booze Dancers, are in the Philly area from May 16th through the 22nd check out the listing of events at DrinkPhilly.com. Drink Philly has organized $3 American Craft Draft Beers and other specials all over Philadelphia from 5-7pm all week. What's not to love?
For die hard Philly area brew lovers you can think of the as the last big “training event” before the craft beer marathon that is Philly Beer Week (June 3-12).
Moscow and St. Petersburg again led Russia in xenophobic hate crimes last year, according to a new report by the Sova Human Rights Center.
In Sova's 2015 report on xenophobic hate crimes throughout Russia, the organization recorded 3 murders and 26 injured in Moscow, and 3 murders and 14 injured in St. Petersburg. There was also noticeable violence in Moscow oblast (5 injured), Samara oblast (3 injured), and Novosibirsk oblast (3 injured).
Warning that it works with incomplete data, Sova recorded a total of 9 murders and 68 injured throughout 17 regions of Russia in connection with crimes tied to xenophobia and ethnic hatred. The human rights workers say most of the victims of these crimes are people from Central Asia and the North Caucasus.
Sova's report also lists attacks on LGBTI members and homeless people.
Archaeologists excavating an ancient necropolis at the site of the historic Urfa castle in the southeastern city of Şanlıurfa found mosaic portraits of two men and two women.
A series of curious mosaics have emerged during archaeological excavations of rock tombs in Turkey, representing individual portraits of the long-deceased. Archaeologists working on the historic Castle of Urfa in the southeastern city of Şanlıurfa unearthed the floor tiles, according to the announcement from the Şanlıurfa Metropolitan Municipality, and they estimate that the images date to the first or second centuries CE.
The team had unearthed the ancient necropolis on the castle's site about 10 months ago and have since found nearly 80 additional rock-cut tombs. The newly discovered mosaics frame two men and two women in four separate squares within a border of repeating motifs. Each is rendered similarly: simply, from the bust up, in tiles of a limited palette, and accompanied by Syriac inscriptions.
Not much is currently known about the figures; who they are and the nature of their relationship remains a mystery, for now. Preliminary dating of the mosaics makes it likely they lived between 132 BCE and 639 CE, when Şanlıurfa was known as the Kingdom of Edessa, where the Syriac dialect first developed and production of Syriac literature flourished.
The archaeologists have decided the decorated floor will remain in situ. Once the excavation project ends, the site will be opened to tourists, who will be able to gaze upon the figurative memorials — much more somber and sober images of death than that skeleton mosaic recently found about 200 miles away in Antioch.
The riots, in Imbaba, a poor, densely populated district in the city, have heightened fears that a power vacuum following Hosni Mubarak's overthrow will lead to a power grab by Islamic fundamentalists, more sectarian strife and a collapse in law and order.
The prime minister, Essam Sharaf, called an emergency cabinet meeting after postponing a tour of Gulf oil states intended to win Egypt desperately needed financial support, three months after the uprising.
Following the meeting Abdel Aziz al-Gindi, the justice minister, said: "We will strike with an iron hand all those who seek to tamper with the nation's security." They promised to protect places of worship from attack.
The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces, which has ruled the country since Mr Mubarak's enforced resignation on February 11, announced the arrest of 190 people yesterday and said they would be tried before military tribunals.
Muslim protesters had tried to storm the St Mena's church in Imbaba on Saturday evening, claiming Christians were holding against them will a woman who had converted to Islam and married a Muslim.
Stones and firebombs flew over the heads of soldiers who had been deployed in the dusty, narrow street outside the church.
Soldiers also scuffled with Coptic Christians who accused them of not doing enough to protect them after a fire bomb thrown from the Muslim side set fire to an apartment building next to the church.
The troops eventually advanced on the Muslim protesters, a mix of Imbaba residents and hardline Salafi fundamentalists, firing over their heads and forcing them to retreat down the street.
Inside the church, blood pooled on the floor as wounded Christians were rushed in for treatment. Near the altar, the parishioners had wrapped a corpse in a cloth and placed a bible on its chest.
Father Hermania, the church priest, said at least five Christians were killed in the clashes, which lasted into Sunday morning. The government later said 12 people, including at least four Christians and six Muslims, died in the violence.
Soldiers unsuccessfully tried to persuade Christians standing guard outside the church gates to go inside, but they refused, chanting "Oh God! Oh Jesus." The Muslims chanted back: "There is no God but Allah."
Muslim protesters also set fire to a second church in the same district and attacked Coptic-owned businesses.
They insisted that Christians had fired on them when they went to the church to negotiate the woman's release. The Copts denied they were holding any converts.
One of the Muslim protesters, dressed in the white knit skull cap and robes often worn by Salafi extremists, said they would be satisfied only when the church was searched for weapons and the alleged convert.
"We won't leave until they give up their weapons and those who killed us are tried," said the man, who gave their name as Mamduh.
The clashes were the worst since 13 people died in a brawl in March in another Cairo neighbourhood after Christians protested against an arson attack on a church.
The military has promised to come down hard on sectarian attacks, but Christians say that they have too often been left to fend for themselves.
Dozens held a protest outside the American embassy on Sunday demanding that the United States intervene on their behalf.
Coptic Christians account for roughly 10 per cent of the country's 80 million people, and they have long complained of state sanctioned discrimination.
On New Year's Eve, a suicide bomber killed at least 20 people outside a church in Alexandria after a Coptic Mass.
Church leaders spoke out in support of Mr Mubarak, and the recent clashes will confirm the fears of many Christians that their overthrow might unleash powerful and sometimes violent Islamist forces.
Other Christians, particularly the young, joined in the protests against their rule, and claimed that they had themselves covertly encouraged Islamic militancy in order to win support for their regime from America and the West.
Rookie seasons aren't meant to be breakout seasons for anyone.
Sure, every once and a while some 21-year-old will come right out of college and be a sensation overnight. Not everyone can be an Ezekiel Elliott or Jalen Ramsey their first season in the NFL. Most of the time, rookie seasons allow the fresh young college kid to get acquainted with NFL speed, play-calling and every once in a blue moon, make an occasional play.
In their second year with the Texans offense, wide receivers Will Fuller and Braxton Miller will need to step up their game if they want to help contribute to the Texans offense in 2017. Both flashed signs of promising talent during the 2016 season, but injuries, rookie mistakes, and careless errors led them down the sour path nearing the end of Year 1.
With a new quarterback under center and a year with the playbook, it's no surprise Texans head coach Bill O'Brien expects more from their unit in their second season.
Expect a big jump from Year 1 to Year 2.#TexansOTAs #WeAreTexans pic.twitter.com/oZ6vC6gznG — Houston Texans (@HoustonTexans) June 3, 2017
The Texans offense can be one one of the most dynamic and versatile schemed units in the league if they can stay on track. While quarterback will be the talk of summer camp, let's break down what to expect from Fuller and Miller in their second season in “H-Town”
Really not all that surprising considering Holder's open support for Al Sharpton.
Via Breitbart:
Audio obtained by Judicial Watch shows that Department of Justice staffer Thomas Battles, regional director of the Community Relations Service tasked with working with Trayvon Martin rallies in March and April 2012, coordinated with community members about ousting Sanford Police Department chief Bill Lee. The audio is from a meeting at the Shiloh Church on April 19, 2012 with city officials and minority advocacy group Dream Defenders.
“I want to welcome you all tonight to a community dialogue,” Battles says on the tape. “Tonight comes out of a commitment by the city to begin to develop a plan to talk with the community about moving forward. So as we come tonight, this is not a gripefest, but an attempt to move the city forward in a very positive way…CRS is an arm of the department that we call the Peacemakers. We work with communities where there is real or perceived racial tensions. If a community perceives that there's something wrong in the black community, there's something wrong.”
Keep reading…
The League of Professional System Administrators and the Seattle Area System Administrators Guild invite you to the Cascadia IT Conference - a regional workshop for Systems, Networks, Database, and Web Administrators and others who provide professional IT support/services.
This is your opportunity to network with your regional peers, to learn from leaders in the field in our training sessions, and to present and hear about new ideas and developments.
Friday, March 11th will feature 4 tracks of half- and full-day training sessions with an evening reception for all conference attendees. Saturday, March 12th will feature tutorials, two tracks of technical sessions, and a half-day unconference track.
Both days will be held at the Hotel Deca in Seattle's University District. The hotel is an easy 30 minute bus ride from downtown Seattle. It has ample parking and easy-to-get-to restaurants and bars for post-conference networking.
This site requires the use of JavaScript. If you don't see a menu at the top of the page please enable JavaScript.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 10, 2016, 2:11 AM GMT / Updated July 10, 2016, 2:33 AM GMT By Phil Helsel
A Russian military helicopter was shot down by ISIS fighters in Syria, and both pilots were killed, the Russian military said.
Russia's defense ministry said in a statement reported by state media Tass that the Mi-25 helicopter was on a test flight with ammunition near Homs when it responded to help fight an ISIS offensive east of the ancient city of Palmyra.
"After having run out of ammunition, the turning around helicopter was hit by militants' gunfire from the ground and crashed in the area controlled by the Syrian governmental army. The crew died,” the defense ministry said in the statement.
Related: NATO Warsaw Summit Tackles Threat From Russia in East, ISIS in South
In September, the Russians began intervening on behalf of Syrian President Bashar Assad in the government's efforts to fight ISIS. The U.S. and its allies have accused Russia of using warplanes to bomb Assad's moderate enemies instead of focusing on ISIS.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced in March that they would be withdrawing Russian troops from Syria. Putin declared that the goals of the military had been met.
Russia's airbase in Syria's province of Latakia and a naval facility in the Syrian port of Tartus would continue to operate, Putin said then.
Syrian government forces recaptured Palmyra from ISIS in May.
It's race day at Kansas Speedway for tonight's Sprint Cup 5-Hour Energy 400. You may want to have a few 5-Hour energies around just in case a few scattered to isolated storms pop up later this afternoon and evening over the track.
Warm front lifting north later today across eastern Kansas and western Missouri will spark areas of showers and thunderstorms later this afternoon and evening. Looking at the latest data this morning, it appears the window of development is between 3 p.m. CDT to 8 p.m. CDT.
The Storm Prediction Center out of Norman, Oklahoma has the Kansas City metro area under a "slight risk" for severe thunderstorms later this afternoon. This means that any storms that form later today has the potential to be severe. A severe storm will have strong damaging winds of over 58 mph and hail of one inch in diameter or larger. That appears to be the main threat with any storm that forms today. While these storms could form a tornado, the threat is not very high.
This forecast is challenging because we are dealing with scattered showers and storms. Imagine taking a bag of marbles, dumping them on a checkered board patterned floor and trying to predict exactly what square each marble will land. It's nearly impossible and that is the scenario for this afternoon.
We know storms will form later today over the area, we know between what times to expect this but we can't pinpoint exactly where and when these storms will occur. If you are going to the track today, keep an eye to the sky and as soon as you see the skies get dark and you hear thunder, seek shelter immediately.
WILL WE RACE TONIGHT? Yes, I think NASCAR gets the 5-Hour Energy 400 in this evening. While a couple of rain related delays are not out of the question I give the odds of racing and finishing tonight to be better than 75 percent.
Please follow me on Twitter @NASCAR_WXMAN and like me on Facebook for the latest weather updates through the week.
Conditions in Kansas City, KS: Click here for Current Weather Conditions | Look at Doppler Radar | Mobile Friendly Site | Mobile Radar
SATURDAY:
6:30 p.m. EDT
Sprint Cup pre-race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 83
7:30 p.m. EDT
Sprint Cup race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 80
8:30 p.m. EDT
Sprint Cup race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 77
9:30 p.m.EDT
Sprint Cup race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 74
10:30 p.m.EDT
Sprint Cup race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 72
11:30 p.m.EDT
Sprint Cup race – Partly cloudy, scattered storms – temp: 70
The web has been awash with rumors about Google Gears for the past week or two. It appears Google has quietly dropped development of the system.
Google Gears was released as a browser plug-in in May 2007. It provides a number of useful facilities primarily for offline functionality:
a local server for caching and serving applications when offline
a SQLite database module for local storage
a WorkPool module that allows JavaScript thread-like asynchronous processing
a desktop module for OS integration, e.g. shortcut creation
a geolocation module for creating location-aware applications.
Great stuff … but a number of issues have surfaced:
The last version to appear was 0.5 in November 2008. It's rare for a Google project to have such a slow release schedule.
Gears is not supported in Mac versions of Google's Chrome browser.
Relatively few products have adopted Gears.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
However, the biggest reason for sedate progress is HTML5 — the new standard offers many of the facilities introduced by Google Gears. According to Linus Upson, Google's engineering director, Gears' time has come and gone. They will continue to support the technology for compatibility reasons, but the system will not be updated or improved:
We're very focused on moving HTML 5 forward, and that's where we're putting all of our energy. Gear has accomplished its mission very well, in getting these capabilities into HTML 5. The team that designed Gears was also instrumental in designing the HTML 5 versions of those APIs. You can almost think of what's in HTML 5, with app cache, and database, and those things, as essentially Gears version 2, and that's how we view it. We want to move all applications to just use standards based HTML 5 APIs, and not focus on Gears going forward. Now that we're a browser vendor, we can help move HTML 5 forward not as a plug-in, but as part of Chrome.
I think it's a wise decision. Few web developers would rely on a third-party plug-in when a standards-based alternative is available. However, HTML5 support remains patchy and there's no guarantee Microsoft will adopt it in IE. Offline functionality in web applications is some years away at best.
Is Google right to drop Gears? Have you developed an application that uses the plug-in? Do you trust browser vendors to fully implement HTML5 at the earliest opportunity?
Sarah Palin
Sarah Palin says the glitches in the online rollout of the Affordable Care Act are a feature, not a bug.
The former half-term Alaska governor and failed vice presidential candidate suggested Sunday in a Breitbart.com column that design flaws were intentionally implemented to make the system more difficult to use and drive Americans to accept a government fix.
President Barack Obama admitted Monday that the site needed to be overhauled and announced a “tech surge” to make those repairs, but Palin said the eventual fix would be a Canadian-style socialized health care system.
“These unusable Obamacare websites make a reasonable person wonder how this administration could have made such a colossal bungle of the rollout when they are, after all, the same savvy experts who had the most sophisticated and precise campaign websites ever built,” Palin writes. “They could pinpoint voters down to a city block, but they messed up a website that cost the government over $200 million more than it cost Apple to develop the first iPhone. Purposeful?”
Palin says Democrats planned all along to implement a single-payer system of socialized medicine, and they say Americans will embrace it after being forced to sign up for expensive health care using a balky website.
“People will be frustrated, worn out, and broke under this new government burden (and) many will end up concluding they'll settle for – then demand – full socialized medicine because they'll see how the unworkable Obamacare will break our health care system (where, presently, no one is turned away from emergency rooms and we have many public and private safety nets for people in need), along with busting our personal bank accounts,” Palin writes. “The cry will go out, ‘Can't you just put us all in a sort of Medicaid-like system? It'll be much less confusing than these awful exchange websites and a lot less expensive!'”
Palin again trots out their long-discredited “death panel” warnings and claims that Americans could see their health insurance premiums jump 300 percent for “crappier coverage.
And Palin takes aim at the “GOP establishment” that failed to back Republican lawmakers who tried to defund or delay Obamacare, comparing them to a group of self-interested politicians they encountered while in public office in Alaska.
“Doesn't it seem like we have a Corrupt Bastards Club in D.C.? On steroids?” Palin writes. “It might not be as oily and obvious as its Alaska counterpart, but it's just as compromised because its members, too, are indifferent to what their actions mean for We the People.”
They dismissed concerns that the most conservative lawmakers who shut down the government over funding Obamacare might have created a schism in the Republican Party.
“The recent ‘slimdown' didn't cause the fracture,” Palin writes. “It happened because of the fracture – because wayward Republicans have refused for years to stand up and fight for economic freedom and limited government, despite campaigning on those principles every election cycle. That's how we got into this debt-ridden mess in the first place. They campaigned one way, but governed another.”
Palin called on conservative activists to push Republican lawmakers further to the right.
“It's the establishment's choice whether this fracture remains unfixed because the conservative grassroots will never give up the fight for freedom,” Palin writes. “Never. Never. Generations of our sons and daughters sent off to war to protect our freedom have paid too high a price for us to ever give up the fight.”
T.R. Sullivan reports that Texas Rangers reliever Joakim Soria has been diagnosed with a strained chest muscle.
Sullivan says that Soria was on track to be back in the majors before June 1, but now, because of this injury, they won't throw for 2-3 weeks, and is not expected back until July 1 at the earliest.
Joakim Soria #28 / Texas Rangers Height: 6-3 Weight: 200 Born: May 18, 1984
Soria, who is recuperating from Tommy John surgery, signed a 2 year, $8 million deal with the Rangers this past offseason that includes a $7 million team option for the 2015 season.
Soria, a Rule 5 selection of the Kansas City Royals from the San Diego Padres prior to the 2007 season, was one of the best relievers in baseball from 2007-10. Soria had a disappointing 2011 season, however, and then underwent Tommy John surgery in April, 2012.
Kinect is the Xbox 360's Great Wavy Hope in the battle for the home entertainment market. Did you know, however, that the device could have easily gone to Apple instead?
Inon Beracha, CEO of PrimeSense - the firm providing much of the magic behind Kinect - has revealed that back in 2008, when they were first shipping their company's technology to the consumer electronics market, their first stop was not Microsoft, but Apple.
"It was the most natural place for the technology," they tell Cult of Mac. Indeed, PrimeSense had already help several meetings with Apple executives, and Apple went so far as to bring some contracts and deals to the table.
That, however, is when it all went wrong.
"Apple is a pain in the ass," Beracha says.
Apple's notoriously controlling team was asking Beracha to "sign a stack of crippling legal agreements and NDAs", which almost instantly had PrimeSense walking away. Why deal with Apple and all those restrictions when they could sell it to someone who could pay just as much, but be easier to work with?
Advertisement
Which is exactly what PrimeSense did, Kinect is now in Microsoft's hands on the Xbox 360, and the rest is history.
How Apple Almost Got Microsoft's Kinect Game Controller [Cult of Mac, via Gizmodo]
Two years ago during the scorching summer of 2012, July 1936 lost its place on the leaderboard and July 2012 became the hottest month on record in the United States. Now, as if by magic, and according to NOAA's own data, July 1936 is now the hottest month on record again. The past, present, and future all seems to be “adjustable” in NOAA's world. See the examples below.
Josh has been busy again and writes at Bishop Hill with a new cartoon:
The temperature adjustments story has been brewing for weeks principally due to the many posts at ‘RealScience' but taken up by others, for example, Paul Homewood, see here and here. Judith Curry has a great post about it here, as does Anthony here.
H/t to Real Science/Steven Goddard for suggesting including Toto. Cartoons by Josh
Bruce at Sunshine Hours has been doing some unthreading, er plotting, and at my request, prepared some USHCN maps of Kansas, first May's high temperatures.
I've annotated the plot, to include “zombie” weather station that have been closed for years, but still show “estimated” data from NOAA. Those marked NRF are “no report found”…typically meaning NOAA hasn't gotten the data from the observer yet, which is often mailed in on paper B91 forms. It is interesting to note how NOAA has been changing the data, in most cases adjusting it higher, though in a couple of cases, lower.
Bruce also plotted some other maps of Kansas, for July 1936, and for July 2012. Note how in July 1936 the Tmax temperature are almost all adjusted cooler, and in 2012, most all Tmax temperatures are adjusted warmer. Click images for larger versions.
Whatever happened to just using actual measured data? There is no justification for this.
And, NOAA can't even keep their story straight about July 1936 temperatures. From a report I did in 2013:
NCDC's SOTC July 2012:
http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/sotc/national/2012/07
Screencap of the claim for CONUS Tavg temperature for July 2012 in the SOTC:
Note the 77.4°F value for July 1936. It is actually still in their SOTC for July 2012 today.
Now let's look at some plots from NOAA's Climate at a Glance. I just happened to have one from two years ago. It also says 77.4°F on the plot. The numbers match with the SOTC report. The annotations are mine.
Today, I ran the same plot again, and here is the NEW number for July 1936. The annotations are mine.
NOAA helpfully provided the data which I have saved as an Excel file, it has both 1936 and 2012 July data: NOAA_Tavg_Data_July_1895-2013 (.xlsx)
You can't get any clearer proof of NOAA adjusting past temperatures.
This isn't just some issue with gridding, or anomalies, or method, it is about NOAA not being able to present historical climate information of the United States accurately. In one report they give one number, and in another they give a different one with no explanation to the public as to why.
This is not acceptable. It is not being honest with the public. It is not scientific. It violates the Data Quality Act.
But wait, there's more. In January 2013, I ran this story based on an article in the Wall Street Journal: July (2012) Was The Hottest Month on Record
My story was: Does NOAA's National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) keep two separate sets of climate books for the USA?
In that essay, I revised the WSJ graphic. At that time, it looked like this based on new numbers for July 2012 that I found from NOAA:
Now, with the new numbers in the Excel File above, output from NOAA, I had to revise it again. It looks like this now:
Now, once again, July 1936 is the hottest month in the US, even if by the slimmest of margins, all thanks to post-facto adjustments of temperature data by NOAA/NCDC.
I suggest that NOAA/NCDC have another one of those meetings like where they decided to keep long dead weather stations reporting as “zombies”, like I showed with Marysville, yesterday, and work on getting their story straight.
This constant change from year to year of what is or is not the hottest month on record for the USA is not only unprofessional and embarrassing for NOAA, it's bullshit of the highest order. It can easily be solved by NOAA stopping the unsupportable practice of adjusting temperatures of the past so that the present looks different in context with the adjusted past and stop making data for weather stations that have long since closed.
NOAA has been accused by others of “fabricating” data, and while that is a strong word that I don't like to use, it looks to be more and more accurate.
That said, I don't believe this is case where somebody purposely has their hand on a control knob for temperature data, I think all of this is nothing more than artifacts of a convoluted methodology and typical bureaucratic blundering. As I've always said, never attribute malice to what can be explained by simple incompetence.
We already showed yesterday that NOAA can't get their output data files correct, and we are waiting on a statement and a possible correction for that. But I think the problem is even larger than that, and will require an investigation from an unbiased outside source to get to the root of the problem.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Mayor Rahm Emanuel congratulates their new interim police superintendent, Eddie Johnson, as former interim Police Supt. John Escalante (l.) looks on. Former finalist Eugene Williams is at right. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
BRONZEVILLE — Mayor Rahm Emanuel introduced 28-year Police Department veteran Eddie Johnson as their choice for interim police superintendent Monday, saying they are "the right person at the right time" to help restore Department morale and curb violence in Chicago.
Johnson hadn't applied for the post, explaining, "I've never applied for any position," but had always been promoted by earning it. They added that they also supported the man they replaced, former interim Supt. John Escalante, for the top spot.
"The police superintendent needs autonomy, and I have it," Johnson said, announcing immediately after a midafternoon news conference at Police Headquarters that they had made Escalante their top deputy.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel prepared to introduce 28-year Police Department veteran Eddie Johnson as their choice for interim police superintendent Monday, after rejecting three candidates put forth by the Police Board they appointed. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Getty Images
Emanuel, who ultimately rejected three finalists put forth by the Police Board, identified two key themes in their search: that beat cops are paramount to policing, and they needed a "proven crime-fighter" who knows Chicago.
They said Johnson has "everything the city needs," and that the previous three finalists, while possessing certain "qualities and strengths," all had aspects missing in their makeup.
"He's well-respected within the department among the rank-and-file officers that I spoke with," Emanuel said. "He will have their back when they do their job well and hold them accountable when they do not." Emanuel called Johnson "a bridge to the community" and "uniquely qualified to build the morale of the Police Department and garner the backing of the public."
Johnson immediately embraced that role, insisting that their primary concern was the "trust" between the Department and the city, between beat cops and commanders, while granting that police abuses had put that trust in jeopardy.
"Anyone who thinks that the job of being a police officer is easy hasn't done it," they said, but quickly added, "We have to own it, and we have to end it.
"My expectation is to reduce gun violence here and now," Johnson added. They said gang bangers and others shooting up Chicago streets "are destroying our community, they are destroying families, and it has to stop."
Johnson said they wanted the Department to reflect "empathy, compassion and love for our fellow human beings."
RELATED: Cheating Probe, Weak Finalists Forced Rahm's Top Cop Switch
According to the Mayor's Office, Johnson is a Chicago native who grew up in Cabrini-Green until the age of 9, when their family moved to Washington Heights, where they reside today.
Johnson is a White Sox fan, and earned their bachelor's degree at Governors State University. According to the Police Department, they are working on a master's degree in public administration at Northwestern University.
They joined the Department in 1988 and rose through the ranks to serve as district commander, deputy chief for Area Central, executive officer of patrol and finally chief of patrol, where they commanded 8,000 officers. They also served as a sergeant in the Detective Division.
In that, they are someone intimately aware of the unique challenges faced by Chicago Police, especially in the wake of the Laquan McDonald case. After video of Officer Jason Van Dyke shooting the teenager 16 times was released, the city erupted in protests, and department morale took a major hit.
Johnson said Monday the city has to own up to its police problems — and end them.
"I have spent my entire career with the Chicago Police Department," they said. "I am proud to wear this star and I am absolutely, absolutely confident that we can meet this challenge.
"The countless incidents of courage," they added, "far outweigh the use of excessive force."
Emanuel said they went outside the Police Board's selections because the city faces sinking officer morale and high crime, and Johnson was the best man to tackle those issues.
Johnson's experience as a Police Department insider made them appealing to both the City Council's Black and Latino caucuses, as well as Ald. Anthony Napolitano (41st), a former Chicago Police officer and firefighter.
"Because I'm an insider, I can fix things from the inside out," they said Monday.
Yet their installation as an 11th-hour candidate, after the Police Board had selected three other finalists, and after sources suggested Johnson themselves did not want the post, begged questions Emanuel and Johnson had to answer.
Sources told DNAinfo's Mark Konkol that a cheating scandal plagued one of the candidates, Deputy Supt. Eugene Williams, and the others just didn't make the cut. Williams actually joined Emanuel, Johnson and Escalante at the podium for Monday's announcement at Police Headquarters.
Cedric Alexander, a public safety director in Georgia, told NBC Chicago Emanuel offered them the job then reversed course. Emanuel said Monday they never offered the job to Alexander.
"I offered the job to one person and one person only, and that's Eddie Johnson," Emanuel said.
Reports had Johnson ready to be appointed Alexander's top deputy, and they were apparently the mayor's choice after rejecting Alexander.
Yet city statute demands that Emanuel pick from finalists proposed by the Police Board. So Emanuel has appointed Johnson as interim superintendent, replacing John Escalante, while the board returns to the drawing board to make up a list including Johnson, who hadn't applied for the job.
The Police Board issued a formal statement Monday saying: "We will convene as a board as soon as we are able and decide appropriate next steps."
"When the Police Board runs the process, I've asked Eddie to apply this time," Emanuel said.
"I am going to apply if, in fact, the search is reopened," Johnson said. "That is a given."
"Eddie Johnson will hit the ground running," Emanuel said. "He's already on the job. They know our Police Department, they know our city. ... They have the trust and respect of the rank-and-file police officers, which is essential."
While Johnson did not lay out specifics, they acknowledged that the city is facing a major gun-violence problem, and said they intend to fight it however they can.
"It's an honor to serve you," they said Monday. "I'm one of you. I grew up here. I raised my kids here. My family is here. I patrol the neighborhoods at every hour of the day and night, [and have] for 27 years."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
CHICAGO (CN) – Two Illinois prosecutors have immunity from claims that they knowingly coerced false testimony to convict a man of two murders, keeping them behind bars for 25 years, the 7th Circuit ruled.
Former street-gang member Nathson Fields was convicted and sentenced to death in 1986 of murdering Talman Hickman and Jerome Smith.
Another member of the gang, Anthony Sumner, testified against Fields under a nonprosecution agreement. But Sumner confessed in 1991 that their testimony had been false. Despite this revelation, Fields remained in prison.
In 1996, Fields was granted a new trial because of evidence that their original co-defendant, Earl Hawkins, had bribed Judge Thomas Maloney to assure their acquittal. Despite the bribe, Hawkins was convicted and sentenced to death. Maloney later returned the money when they realized federal authorities were investigating him.
Maloney, who died in 2008, was brought down in a judicial corruption and convicted of various corruption charges in 1993.
Fields was again convicted at their 1998 retrial. This time, prosecutors introduced testimony from Hawkins that implicated Fields. In exchange for their testimony, Hawkins was purportedly removed from death row. The government's other star witness against Fields, Randy Livingston, later recanted and testified during Fields' sentencing that Chicago police had coerced them to incriminate Fields.
Fields was again retried in 2009 and, 25 years after their ordeal began, they were acquitted and received a certificate of innocence.
Fields then sued Cook County, the City of Chicago, several police officers, and two assistant state's attorneys, Larry Wharrie and David Kelley. The complaint says Wharrie and Kelley solicited the false testimony and knowingly introduced it in Fields' trial, appeal and retrial.
Wharrie and Kelley moved to dismiss the complaint as barred by absolute prosecutorial immunity and Illinois sovereign immunity law. They appealed when U.S. District Judge Matthew Kennelly said the prosecutors did not merit immunity since they were not acting in their official capacities when the alleged constitutional violations occurred.
The 7th Circuit reversed last week. “Prosecutors enjoy absolute sovereign immunity when performing their prosecutorial functions,” Judge Joel Flaum wrote for a three-judge panel. “When investigating a case and gathering evidence, however, prosecutors enjoy only the same qualified immunity granted to police officers.”
Such immunity also covers willful violations of constitutional rights.
“Subjecting prosecutors to financial liability could ‘dampen the prosecutor's exercise of their [prosecutorial] duty to bring to the attention of the court or of proper officials all significant evidence suggestive of innocence or mitigation,'” Flaum wrote. “While a prosecutor guilty of the fabrication with which [the defendants are] accused might never be incentivized to reveal their violation – regardless of absolute immunity – we recognize this possibility as a cost outweighed by absolute immunity's effect on the ‘ultimate fairness of the operation of the [judicial] system [overall].'”
In addition to finding that Wharrie enjoyed absolute immunity, the court said Fields had failed to state a claim against Kelley.
The 26-page decision cites the Supreme Court's ruling in Van de Kamp v Goldstein, which indicated that a prosecutor's “responsibilities do not end until the defendant either has been acquitted or has availed themselves of all the direct process to which they are entitled.”
“The District Court suggests that because Wharrie was preparing for other trials and no longer directly involved in Fields' appeal or retrial, this fact wrests from them their prosecutorial function. We disagree,” Flaum wrote. Wharrie “was not fully divorced from Fields' judicial proceedings until all direct judicial remedies were exhausted and Fields' conviction became final. It follows that the immunity attendant to their prosecutorial disclosure obligation survives their departure from the courtroom as well.”
The panel also rejected Fields' other claims, including those against Kelley. “Had Kelley been unaware of the coerced nature of the testimony, Fields could sustain a claim against those parties that coerced the confession and ‘bilked' Kelley into retrying the case on its basis,” Flaum wrote. “These are not the facts of this case, however. Kelley was aware of the coercion applied: they were the one that applied it. Accordingly, Fields cannot maintain an independent claim against them for the coercion of the testimony independent of its use at retrial.”
The court affirmed the trial court's supplemental jurisdiction over Fields' remaining state-law claims, but recommended that they be remanded to a state court.
Like this: Like Loading...
HISTORY® premieres “Roots” on Memorial Day 2016, airing over four consecutive nights at 9 p.m. beginning Monday, May 30. The four-night, eight-hour event series developed by HISTORY, from A+E Studios, is a historical portrait of American slavery recounting the journey of one family and their will to survive and ultimately carry on their legacy despite hardship. “Roots” will be simulcast on A&E and Lifetime, in addition to HISTORY. The stellar cast includes Academy Award® winners Forest Whitaker (“Fiddler”) and Anna Paquin (“Nancy Holt”); Academy Award® nominee and Emmy Award® winner Laurence Fishburne (“Alex Haley”); Golden Globe Award® winning and Emmy Award® nominated actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers (“Tom Lea”); Tony Award® winner Anika Noni Rose (“Kizzy”); Grammy Award® winner Tip “T.I.” Harris (“Cyrus”); Emayatzy Corinealdi (“Belle”); Matthew Goode (“Dr. William Waller”); Mekhi Phifer (“Jerusalem”); James Purefoy (“John Waller”) and introduces Regé-Jean Page (“Chicken George”) and Malachi Kirby (“Kunta Kinte”).
Propaganda Due ( Italian pronunciation: [propaˈɡanda ˈduːe]; P2) was a Masonic lodge under the Grand Orient of Italy, founded in 1877. However its Masonic charter was withdrawn in 1976, and it transformed into a clandestine, pseudo-Masonic, ultraright[1][2][3] organization operating in contravention of Article 18 of the Constitution of Italy that banned secret associations. In its latter period, during which the lodge was headed by Licio Gelli, P2 was implicated in numerous Italian crimes and mysteries, including the collapse of the Vatican-affiliated Banco Ambrosiano, the murders of journalist Mino Pecorelli and banker Roberto Calvi, and corruption cases within the nationwide bribe scandal Tangentopoli. P2 came to light through the investigations into the collapse of Michele Sindona's financial empire.[4]
P2 was sometimes referred to as a "state within a state"[5] or a "shadow government".[6] The lodge had among its members prominent journalists, members of parliament, industrialists, and military leaders—including Silvio Berlusconi, who later became Prime Minister of Italy; the Savoy pretender to the Italian throne Victor Emmanuel;[7] and the heads of all three Italian intelligence services (at the time SISDE, SISMI and CESIS).
When searching Licio Gelli's villa in 1982, the police found a document called the "Plan for Democratic Rebirth", which called for a consolidation of the media, suppression of trade unions, and the rewriting of the Italian Constitution.[8]
Outside Italy, P2 was also active in Uruguay, Brazil and Argentina. Among its Argentine members were Raúl Alberto Lastiri, interim president in 1973 during the height of the "Dirty War"; Emilio Massera, who was part of the military junta led by Jorge Rafael Videla from 1976 to 1978; José López Rega, minister 1973–1975 and founder of the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance; and General Guillermo Suárez Mason.[9]
Foundation [ edit ]
[Note 1] Official transcription, made by Italian parliamentary inquiry commission, of "Piano di rinascita democratica", authored by Italian Masonic lodge "Propaganda Due" (P2)
"Propaganda" was founded in 1877, in Turin, as "Propaganda Massonica". This lodge was frequented by politicians and government officials from across Italy who were unable to attend their own lodges and included prominent members of the Piedmont nobility. The name was changed to "Propaganda Due" following World War II, when the Grand Orient of Italy numbered its lodges. By the 1960s, however, the lodge was all but inactive, holding few meetings. This original lodge, however, had little to do with the one Licio Gelli established in 1966, two years after becoming a freemason.[10]
Freemasonry in Italy had been outlawed by the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini, but it was reborn after the Second World War with American encouragement. However, its traditions of free-thinking under the Risorgimento transformed into fervent anti-communism. The increasing influence of the left at the end of the 1960s had the Masons of Italy deeply worried. In 1971, Grand Master Lino Salvini of the Grand Orient of Italy—one of Italy's largest Masonic lodges—assigned to Gelli the task of reorganizing the lodge.[11]
Gelli took a list of "sleeping members"—members who were not invited to take part in masonic rituals anymore, as Italian freemasonry was under close scrutiny by the Christian Democrats in power. From these initial connections, Gelli was able to extend their network throughout the echelons of the Italian establishment.[12]
Expulsion [ edit ]
The Grand Orient of Italy officially expelled Gelli and the P2 Lodge in 1976.[13] In 1974 it was proposed that P2 be erased from the list of lodges by the Grand Orient of Italy, and the motion carried overwhelmingly. The following year, however, a warrant was issued by the Grand Master for a new P2 lodge. It seems the Grand Orient in 1976 had only suspended, and not actually expelled, the lodge on Gelli's request. Gelli was found to be active in the Grand Orient's national affairs two years later, financing the election of a new Grand Master. In 1981 a Masonic tribunal decided that the 1974 vote did mean the lodge had factually ceased to exist and that Gelli's lodge had therefore been illegal since that time.[10]
Discovery [ edit ]
The activities of the P2 lodge were discovered by prosecutors while investigating banker Michele Sindona, the collapse of their bank and their ties to the Mafia.[14] In March 1981, police found a list of alleged members in Gelli's house in Arezzo. It contained 962 names, among which were important state officials, important politicians and a number of military officers, including the heads of the three Italian secret services.[11] Future Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi was on the list, although they had not yet entered politics at the time. Another famous member was Victor Emmanuel, the son of the last Italian king.
Prime Minister Arnaldo Forlani (whose chef de cabinet was a P2 member as well)[11] appointed a Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry, headed by the independent Christian Democrat Tina Anselmi. Nevertheless, in May 1981, Forlani was forced to resign due to the P2 scandal, causing the fall of the Italian government.[5][15]
In January 1982 the P2 lodge was definitively abolished by the Law 25 January 1982, no. 17.
In July 1982, new documents were found hidden in the false bottom of a suitcase belonging to Gelli's daughter at Fiumicino airport in Rome. The documents were entitled "Memorandum sulla situazione italiana" (Memorandum on the Italian situation) "Piano di rinascita democratica" (Plan of Democratic Rebirth) and are seen as the political programme of P2. According to these documents, the main enemies of Italy were the Italian Communist Party (PCI) and the trade unions. These had to be isolated and cooperation with the communists (the second biggest party in Italy and one of the largest in Europe), which was proposed in the historic compromise by Aldo Moro, needed to be disrupted.[11]
Gelli's goal was to form a new political and economic elite to lead Italy away from the danger of Communist rule. More controversially, it sought to do this by means of an authoritarian form of democracy.[16] P2 advocated a programme of extensive political corruption: "political parties, newspapers and trade unions can be the objects of possible solicitations which could take the form of economic-financial manoeuvres. The availability of sums not exceeding 30 to 40 billion lire would seem sufficient to allow carefully chosen men, acting in good faith, to conquer key positions necessary for overall control."[11]
P2's influence [ edit ]
Opinions about the importance and reach of P2 differ. Some see the P2 as a reactionary, shadow government ready to preempt a takeover of power in case of an electoral victory of the Italian Communist Party. Others think it was nothing more than a sordid association of people eager to improve their careers by making powerful and important connections.[17] Nevertheless, P2 was implicated in numerous Italian scandals and mysteries.
Corriere della Sera takeover [ edit ]
In 1977 the P2 took control of the Corriere della Sera newspaper, a leading paper in Italy. At the time, the paper had run into financial trouble and was unable to raise bank loans because its then editor, Piero Ottone, was considered hostile to the ruling Christian Democrats. Corriere's owners, the publishing house Rizzoli, struck a deal with Gelli. They provided the money with funds from the Vatican Bank directed by Paul Marcinkus. Ottone was fired and the paper's editorial line shifted to the right.[11][18]
The paper published a long interview with Gelli in 1980. The interview was carried out by the television talk show host Maurizio Costanzo, who would also be exposed as a member of P2.[19] Gelli said they were in favour of rewriting the Italian constitution towards a Gaullist presidential system. When asked what they always wanted to be, they replied: "A puppet master".[11][20]
Bologna massacre [ edit ]
P2 members Gelli and the head of the secret service Pietro Musumeci were condemned for attempting to mislead the police investigation of the Bologna massacre on 2 August 1980, which killed 85 people and wounded more than 200.[21]
Banco Ambrosiano scandal [ edit ]
P2 became the target of considerable attention in the wake of the collapse of Banco Ambrosiano (one of Milan's principal banks, owned in part by the Vatican Bank), and the suspicious 1982 death of its president Roberto Calvi in London, initially ruled a suicide but later prosecuted as a murder. It was suspected by investigative journalists that some of the plundered funds went to P2 or to its members.[citation needed]
Protezione account [ edit ]
One of the documents found in 1981 was about a numbered bank account, the so-called "Protezione account," at the Union Bank of Switzerland in Lugano (Switzerland). It detailed the payment of US$7 million by the president of ENI, Florio Fiorini through Roberto Calvi to the Italian Socialist Party (PSI) leader Claudio Martelli on behalf of Bettino Craxi, the socialist Prime Minister from 1983–1987.
The full extent of the payment only became clear twelve years later, in 1993, during the mani pulite (Italian for "clean hands") investigations into political corruption. The money was allegedly a kickback on a loan which the Socialist leaders had organised to help bail out the ailing Banco Ambrosiano. Rumours that the Minister of Justice, Martelli, was connected with the account had been circulating since investigations began into the P2 plot. They always flatly denied them. However, learning that formal investigations were opened, they resigned as minister.[22]
Criminal organization [ edit ]
Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry [ edit ]
The Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry, headed by Anselmi, concluded that the P2 lodge was a secret criminal organization. Allegations of surreptitious international relationships, mainly with Argentina (Gelli repeatedly suggested that they were a close friend of Juan Perón) and with some people suspected of affiliation with the American Central Intelligence Agency were also partly confirmed; but soon a political debate overtook the legal level of the analysis.[23] The majority report said that P2 action resulted in "… the pollution of the public life of a nation. It aimed to alter, often in decisive fashion, the correct functioning of the institutions of the country, according to a project which … intended to undermine our democracy." A minority report by Massimo Teodori concluded that P2 was not just an abnormal outgrowth from an essentially healthy system, as upheld by the majority report, but an inherent part of the system itself.[11]
New Italian law prohibiting "secret lodges" [ edit ]
Even though outlawed by Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini in 1925, Masonic institutions have been tolerated in Italy since the end of World War II and are quite open about their activities and membership. However, a special law was issued that prohibited secret lodges. The Grande Oriente d'Italia, after taking disciplinary action against members with P2 connections, distanced itself from Gelli's lodge. Other laws introduced a prohibition on membership in allegedly secret organizations for some categories of state officials (especially military officers). These laws have been recently questioned by the European Court of Human Rights. Following an action brought by a serving British naval officer, the European Court has established as precedent the illegality of any member nation attempting to ban Masonic membership for military officers, as a breach of their human rights.[24]
Licio Gelli's list found in 1981 [ edit ]
On 17 March 1981, a list composed by Licio Gelli was found in their country house (Villa Wanda). The list should be contemplated with some caution,[according to whom?] as it is considered[by whom?] to be a combination of P2 members and the contents of Gelli's Rolodex. Many on the list were apparently never asked if they wanted to join P2, and it is not known to what extent the list includes members who were formally initiated into the lodge. Since 1981, some of those on the list have demonstrated their distance from P2 to the satisfaction of the Italian legal system.[25]
On 21 May 1981, the Italian government released the list.[26] The Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry headed by Tina Anselmi considered the list reliable and genuine. It decided to publish the list in its concluding report, Relazione della Commissione parlamentare d'inchiesta sulla Loggia massonica P2.[27]
The list contains 962 names (including Gelli's). It has been claimed that at least a thousand names may still be secret, as the membership numbers begin with number 1,600, which suggests that the complete list has not yet been found.[11] The list included all of the heads of the secret services, 195 officers of the different armed forces (12 generals of the Carabinieri, 5 of the financial police Guardia di Finanza, 22 of the army, 4 of the air force and 8 admirals), as well as 44 members of parliament, 3 ministers and a secretary of a political party, leading magistrates, a few prefects and heads of police, bankers and business people, civil servants, journalists and broadcasters.[11] Also included were a top official of the Banco di Roma, Italy's third largest bank at the time, and a former director-general of the Banca Nazionale del Lavoro (BNL), the country's largest.[15]
Notable people on Gelli's list [ edit ]
Receipt for membership of Silvio Berlusconi to the P2 masonic lodge
Some notable individuals include:
See also [ edit ]
^ Italian law (Law 22 April 1941 n. 633 and further modifications, art. 5) does not consider "official state and public administration documents" as affected by copyright
References [ edit ]
Obama in Iowa: Gloves Off! As Caucuses Near, Illinois Senator Goes After Hillary on Credibility, Electability and the Clinton Record
With a little more than a month until the Iowa caucuses, Democratic presidential contender Sen. Barack Obama, D-Ill., is out to show voters that they can take a punch -- and throw a few, too.
Over the course of a long day on the campaign trail in rural, western Iowa, Obama seemed to relish the chance to mix it up on policy and personalities with Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, D-N.Y., the national front-runner. The two -- along with former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards -- are locked in a tight, rollicking and increasingly acrimonious race in first-in-the-nation Iowa.
Last week, Clinton -- apparently feeling the heat -- took one of their sharpest jabs yet at Obama, mocking their claim that their childhood years in Indonesia provide them with unique insight into foreign affairs. "Now voters will judge whether living in a foreign country at the age of 10 prepares one to face the big, complex international challenges the next president will face," Clinton said.
Obama fired back in an interview with "Nightline" co-anchor Terry Moran: "You know, we must be doing pretty well in Iowa. They aren't paying much attention to what I said before then." (CLICK HERE to read the transcript of the interview)
And then, Obama went out of their way to belittle Clinton's experience as first lady.
"I think the fact of the matter is that Sen. Clinton is claiming basically the entire eight years of the Clinton presidency as their own, except for the stuff that didn't work out, in which case they say they have nothing to do with it," Obama said, and added, referring to their relationship with their wife, Michelle, "There is no doubt that Bill Clinton had faith in them and consulted with them on issues, in the same way that I would consult with Michelle, if there were issues," Obama said. "On the other hand, I don't think Michelle would claim that they are the best qualified person to be a United States Senator by virtue of me talking to them on occasion about the work I've done."
With this line of attack, Obama is openly calling Clinton out on one of the basic arguments of their candidacy and their career -- that their experience at Bill Clinton's side in the White House and before, make them the most qualified person in the race.
Obama continues to paint themselves as the most "authentic" candidate whose real life experiences distinguish them from their democratic rivals. They claim that their experience living abroad, traveling the world, witnessing poverty and even facing racism as a black man has given them a perspective that some of America's best presidents have also possessed.
"Our most successful presidents have been people who were successful not because of their wealth of Washington experience," Obama said, "but because of the life lessons and schools of hard knocks that they had gone through."
Obama often makes the argument that these "hard knocks," in addition to their outsider status in Washington, give them the unique ability to change U.S. politics. "I think this whole argument about 'He speaks well, he's got good ideas, but they need more experience,'" Obama said to a crowd gathered in a School in Western Iowa. "What they really mean is I haven't been in Washington long enough. They want to boil all the hope out of me."
 They are hammering on the theme that they are the candidate with fresh ideas--the real "change agent" to take on the status quo in Washington.
"If you think that we've got to do things fundamentally differently, restore a sense of trust in out government, and have greater transparency--then I might be your guy," Obama said.
Restoring America's Reputation Abroad
Obama presents themselves as the one candidate -- partly because of their international background, who can repair America's image abroad. "I think I can present a new foreign policy and a new way of doing business that the world will respond to," they said.
Critics disagree and believe Obama is naive for saying that they would meet with the leaders of Iran and North Korea without preconditions. Obama discounts their critics, blaming Bush and Cheney for having "shifted the [foreign policy] debate in a profoundly damaging way."
"We're still operating under an old model, we don't recognize the new threats of the 21st century" Obama said. "How the world perceives us will have a great deal of influence on how safe we are."
While Obama acknowledges that violence has decreased in Iraq, they believe the surge has failed to create the space for Iraqis to make political progress. They argue that it is in the interest of national security to start withdrawing US troops.
"If we cannot execute an intelligent, thoughtful exit strategy, and the Iraqi government cannot respond in an effective, positive way, over the course of the next two years to end our occupation in Iraq, then we may be looking at a decade-or two decades long stay in Iraq," they said. "And that, I believe, would be disastrous for our long-term national security."
Iowans' 'Extraordinary Privilege'
While Obama is leading in Iowa, they are showing no signs of relaxing. According to the most recent Washington Post/ABC News poll, 30 percent of Iowans support Obama, 26 percent support Clinton, and 22 percent support Edwards. Obama continues to press hard against Clinton, reach out across party lines, and convince Iowans of just how important their votes will be.
"Those of you who live in Iowa, you have this extraordinary privilege," Obama told a crowd gathered in a school in Western Iowa. "You are going to decide, more than probably any other American who the next president is going to be, who the next leader of the free world is going to be--So I hope all of you decide to take advantage of this opportunity."
Citing the compressed primary calendar and thus the increased influence of early states, Obama recognizes the importance of winning Iowa. "I think if you don't do well in Iowa, it's going to be hard to make up for it later," they said.
However, they believe that Clinton is under more pressure to carry Iowa because of their front-runner status and their portrayal in the media as inevitable. "The overwhelming favorite who has been touted as inevitable over the last six months better win Iowa," Obama said. "Don't you think?"
Obama is also counting on some Republicans to help them carry Iowa. Which is why they have been spending time campaigning in the rural, more conservative, Western Iowa.
"We got Democrats and Independents and yes we even have some Republicans," Obama said to a crowd in Dunlap, Iowa. "I know this because when I'm shaking hands afterwards they whisper to me. They say 'Barack, I'm a Republican, but I support you.' And I say 'thank you, why are you whispering?'"
Winning Republican votes is just one way Obama aims to set themselves apart from Clinton. As the Caucuses near, their offensive against Clinton will likely only heat up more, in hopes of knocking the "inevitable" candidate down in Iowa.
1. Start off with an easy one. What do you feel is your favorite faction?
Exiles, I feel like Exiles are my favorite Faction because they are the most fun to play with! I love the whole Discarding Feature and wish it were more prominent for this faction. I especially love discarding my own cards because you never know whats going to happen and that is what makes it fun.
2. Favorite feature thats already in the game? Or rather which of these features are most important to you? They might not be your favorite but they'd be your favorite if they were done right if that makes sense.
The most important feature to me is Draft, however you didn't include Draft in the list. You did however include Tournaments, which are not technically in the game, as there are no in game generated tournaments.
3. Similar question to the last but for features we dont have yet. What features would you most want in the future?
The Crafting system is the most wanted feature for me, but I would also love to see Faction based Booster Packs. I think Faction based Booster Packs would be a great addition to the game, especially for new players that are looking to improve their collection for only a specific faction. If Booster Packs are viewed as too good of a buy based on limited cards, then sell Faction based Blister Packs.
4. Set size/Regularity.
Would you like smaller sets to come out more often?
This is a toss up for me, I love the current set size because I love collecting cards. However, I also do enjoy weekly card releases as well with only 2-5 new cards coming out.
Would you like sets to come out less often but be better tested?
I don't think better tested is the issue here, I think they need to be patched into the game and tested on the live server BEFORE release of a set. Not patching the cards into the live server and then allowing people to open the packs for them that week.
5. What do you think about buffing and nerfing cards for balance purposes?
I'm not a fan of buffing "weak" cards, as buffing weak cards could potentially make their comboes too strong with cards in future sets. I do however think that nerfing cards, that are too powerful in their current state, is a good thing to do. For example, to nerf to Counting the Days, to nerf was needed, but it was too hard of a nerf. It should have received a soft nerf, not an over nerf like it has now.
6. Do you think the factionless faction is a good idea?
I love the Factionless Faction, this is an area that could be vastly improved. Kinda like Cheryl, the forward scout and Radariah, the Factionless cards could be a chance to sample upcoming Factions characters. This is also a place where you could put weaker style cards that any faction could use while having the "same" card in a faction but with better stats/abilities.
For Example: We have the Factionless card Firebolt, this is a 2 cost 4 damage cards, while we have the Faction card Lightning Blast, which is a 1 cost 4 damage cards with a bonus 4 on artificals. You could even go so far as to have characters like this, where a character could have mediocre stats with a cool unique ability and then put the same ability on a character in a faction with slightly better stats.
7. What alternate fun game modes would you most like to see in the game?
I would love to see in game Tournaments that are auto created every other hour with the same prizes for every tournament. Such as the top prizes being multiple packs from the most recently released set to Faction tournaments where the prizes are Faction oriented booster packs.
I would also love to see a LOT more PvE content, I prefer stories and puzzles. So for me, things like the Campaign and the Academy give me the most fun and I would love to see Faction based Campaigns that follow the Factions Story throughout the Set Lore.
8. What are some of your favorite card mechanics in currently in the game? Pick a couple
My favorite card Mechanics are strategic cards that don't follow the bland, buff a creature/kill a creature mechanic. I personally love cards that have abilities like: Deal 4 damage to a creature, if that creature is killed, give a friendly unit +x/+x and stuff like this. This creates more strategic gameplay. Especially if the card was a 6 cost card with deal 1 damage to a creature, if that creature is killed give a friendly unit +5/+10 and unstoppable. High reward, high cost, with a very strategic gameplay, rather than just buffing the creature.
By Alyssa McMurtry
MADRID
At least three people died late Sunday night and Monday morning in wildfires which continue to rage in the northern Spanish region of Galicia, which the local government says were started deliberately.
“Galicia isn't burning, it's being burnt by arsonist terrorists who knew that the meteorological conditions would be very adverse,” Alberto Nunez Feijoo, president of Galicia, told radio station OndaCero on Monday.
The fires in the lush, forested region of Galicia coincide with extremely high temperatures, dry conditions and are being fanned by strong winds coming from the tail of Storm Ophelia which is sweeping across the eastern Atlantic.
The fires have been burning since Saturday night and Feijoo said that early Monday morning alone at least 24 new blazes had been lit. The regional leader also said although many fires had been brought under control, at least 15 population centers were still at risk and “we are continuing to have quite a few problems”.
Fires are also raging in Portugal, which borders Galicia, where media reports state six people have been killed.
The Spanish Asturias province, which borders Galicia to the east, also awoke Monday morning to 35 forest fires, according to local firefighters.
Spanish police are actively looking for the arsonists and said on Twitter that those responsible could face up to 20 years in prison.
After all, it's not like there's been one, true, unwavering Fantastic Four over the decades. The Thing was originally drawn by Jack Kirby as a lumpy mess; it took a while for them to settle down into the more-streamlined orange form fans know and love. Sue Storm at first could only turn invisible; it was some time before they developed the invisible force fields that made them useful in a fight. For that matter, She-Hulk replaced the Thing on the team for a while. And then there was a popular series where the Fantastic Four turned into zombies. Comics are serial soap-opera fantasies; people change costumes, grow blue fur, die, grow a third eye, come back to life, are replaced by a clone and turn to the dark side. Nothing stays the same. Why, then, is this particular, relatively minor alteration in canon seen as a betrayal?
You could argue that racial difference is more noticeable, or different in kind, than plot-driven death or blue fur or zombiefication. But then, how account for the fact that in the comics characters like Iron Man, Spider-Man, and Green Lantern have, at various times, been black? More, certain changes in racial background or casting seem to provoke little comment. No one, as far as I'm aware, has complained about Scarlett Johansson's casting as the Black Widow on ethnic grounds. Yet Johansson's background is Jewish. The original Black Widow, Natalia Romanova, has what appears to be an ethnic Russian name; there was no indication that they were originally supposed to be Jewish. Given the anti-Semitism in Cold War Russia, a Jewish ethnic identity would in context be a significant alteration to the character. Why, then, do people care about Storm, but nobody cared about Romanov?
The answer is obvious enough. American racism holds that only certain racial differences matter. Jews, Italians, Eastern Europeans, Irish—all those people are white and can play one another with nary an eyebrow raised. Nobody is worried about whether Sue Storm has exactly the mix of Irish, German, and French-Canadian ancestry as Kate Mara, who has been cast to play them For that matter, no one would say a thing if the actors cast to play Sue and Johnny, sister and brother, came from different ethnic backgrounds and didn't look much alike. It's only when one is black and one is white that you need to start worrying about family logistics. (And yes, you can find folks doing that on Twitter as well—because getting turned into living fire by cosmic rays is an everyday thing, but adoption is weird.)
"Fans often seem to believe that if a character is changed from white to black, they will no longer be able to identify with that superhero" Aaron Kashtan, a postdoctoral fellow at Georgia Tech who teaches a course on transmedia storytelling, wrote in an email to me. Kashtan adds that this is an example of "unconscious or overt racism"—a point underlined by the fact that the barriers to identification are so clearly arbitrary. Certain different people—Jews, or Irish, or folks with a hide made of orange rock—can be points of identification. Others, especially African-Americans or anyone with dark skin, can't. The issue here isn't staying true to the original. The issue is racism.
RAANANA, Israel (JTA) – Before they traded their native France for Israel, Catherine Berdah ran a successful drug store in an affluent suburb on the eastern edge of Paris.
A 50-year-old pharmacist with a master's degree in business and decades of experience, Berdah earned over $6,000 per month and presided over an expanding business with 14 employees. But Berdah sold out last year and moved with their husband and two teenage daughters to this central Israeli city because they feared for their future in France amid rising anti-Semitic violence.
Berdah hoped to build a new pharmacy business in the Jewish state. But six months after settling here, they have already quit a $6-per-hour job as a cashier that offered no prospect of advancement and another in a health clinic where they were told to stack boxes in a storage room. Berdah left the latter because they were unable to lift the boxes.
“At 60, I was told that lifting boxes was basically all I'm good for,” Bredah said. “That's when I started to feel humiliated.”
Now Berdah is studying Hebrew and waiting to take an exam that will grant them an Israeli pharmacist's license. But before they can do that, they must meet a range of demands, including that they produce their attendance log from a pharmacology internship they completed 30 years ago with a French pharmacist who is no longer alive. According to Qualita, an umbrella group of 12 French immigrant associations in Israel, the exam has an 80 percent fail rate.
All of which has Berdah wondering if they made a terrible mistake in uprooting their comfortable life in France for a chance at a better one in Israel.
“I'm going to give it another year,” Berdah said. “But it's not going too well.”
Some 15,000 French Jews have settled in Israel in the past two years alone, driven here by a combination of rising anti-Semitism and economic stagnation, among other factors. But while their impact is felt everywhere from the opening of multiple kosher patisseries to the launch last year of a French-language kindergarten to the sounds of yarmulke-wearing boys imitating their favorite French movie stars in Raanana's Yad L'Banim Square, Israel's Francophone newcomers are struggling to make economic inroads.
Their plight recalls that of Russian immigrants who arrived in Israel in the 1990s, many of them highly trained professionals with advanced degrees forced to work low-skill jobs as garbage collectors and street sweepers because their credentials did not transfer.
“French physicians, nurses and pharmacists who've studied for five, eight years won't work here as sanitary workers like their Russian counterparts did in the 1990s,” said Mickael Bensadoun, the director of Qualita. “They're Zionist, but there's a limit. And if it comes to that, they'll return to France or move to countries hungry for skilled newcomers, like Canada.”
Both Bensadoun and Berdah believe Israeli authorities have presented unnecessary obstacles to protect local professionals from immigrant competition. The Israeli Health Ministry declined to respond to the charge and referred all inquiries to the Ministry for Immigrant Absorption, which told JTA that efforts are underway to smooth out the certification process for health care professionals.
“We represent a boon for Israel, please don't put us through a bureaucratic hell for this desire,” David Tibi, a dentist who immigrated to Israel in 2014, wrote in a letter last month to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
In the meantime, French immigrants are taking matters into their own hands. In 2014, they launched an aggressive lobbying effort to break through the bureaucratic tangles they fault for making absorption exceedingly difficult for those already in Israel, while deterring countless others from coming.
The lobbying, led by Qualita and its member organizations, has already led to some changes, including the easing of certification requirements for French physicians in 2014 and pending legislation that would exempt experienced French dentists from taking a certification exam. Other professionals still must undergo thorough testing to work, regardless of their experience or the French standards they meet.
Last month, the lobbying effort received a big push from Meyer Habib, a Jewish member of France's National Assembly and friend of Netanyahu, who declared they would advise French Jews against moving to Israel unless progress is made within three months.
“I cannot support a situation which creates tragedies in people's lives,” Habib wrote on Facebook.
According to Bensadoun, some 300-400 French health care professionals cannot work in their chosen field because of certification issues. They also pointed to official figures suggesting that the situation is leading 15-20 percent of French immigrants to return to France within two years.
Still, Bensadoun says they are optimistic, partly because of lessons drawn from the trials of Russian immigrants in the 1990s.
“The Russian olim's success and immense contribution to Israel's rise as a start-up nation have created an awareness in the Knesset and public of the potential dividends from educated olim,” said Bensadoun, using the Hebrew word for immigrants. “In a way, we're sailing in their wake.”
For all their troubles, Berdah is not quite ready to give up on Israel. But the situation has put strains on their marriage. Them husband, Michel, wants the family to return.
“You think you have something to offer here?” Michel says as they argue on the subject. “Israel doesn't want anything from you.”
Berdah, in turn, has their own disagreements with their oldest daughter, Clara, 18, who wants to stay in Israel and – to Berdah's chagrin – serve in an army combat unit. Them younger daughter, Naomi, has acclimated well at their high school, where they study in a special class for new immigrants and is considering starting a modeling career.
“The silver lining here is that the girls are really fitting in,” Berdah said. “It makes me wonder whether Israel really wants us or only our children.”
This story "French Jews, Struggling After Aliyah, Consider Saying 'Au Revoir, Israel'" was written by Cnaan Liphshiz.
How often do you drop off clothes at your local charity shop? If you're anything like the rest of the country, Goodwill and Salvation Army are the perfect resources for discarding the stuff you don't need.
The pair of jeans that don't fit you anymore? Donate.
The sweater with the small hole in the armpit? Donate.
The dress that's been pushed to the back of your closet? Donate.
Most of us see these donation centers as a way to throw out what we don't want without actually throwing it out. In fact, we believe we're doing the world a service by giving our old clothes to those living somewhere in need.
In reality, what we've come to believe isn't that simple. I'd go so far to say it's fundamentally flawed. Here's why:
- About 4.7 billion pounds of clothing are donated by Americans each year. Some of that ends up in landfills, some of it is recycled into rags and insulation, and some of it ends up in the markets of Sub-Saharan Africa.
- Whether it's Goodwill, Salvation Army, Savers or another charity shop, employees at all of these stores are sorting through the hundreds of bags of discarded clothing that comes in every day. Sifting through mostly worn, old and faded garments, only about 10 percent of the clothing donated is good enough to be resold in the retail store.
- So what happens to the other 90 percent? The charity shop sells the garments by weight or by the bin to textile recyclers. The clothing is shipped to a recycling plant where employees sort the garments by “grade” and fiber. As shirts, dresses, pants and jackets come off a conveyor belt, an employee must make a snap decision as to where that piece of clothing will end up next.
- The clothing deemed “re-sellable” is shipped in containers by the tons to countries such as Ghana, Angola, Cameroon, Congo, Tanzania and Rwanda. One hundred pound bales are then sold to sellers in these countries at a profit for the recycling plant. One bale costs around the same amount as feeding a family of five for a month in a country such as Cameroon.
- The bales are not allowed to be opened until the purchase is final. So, the seller is relying completely on the employee who made a snap decision in the recycling center. If a recycler missed a hole in a shirt or a broken zipper on a pair of pants, the seller ends up paying for the mistake. The quality of the clothing is only as good as the recycling plant's sorting method.
- So, the plant must be pretty strict then, right? Actually, it's a toss up. While there are responsible recyclers, there are just as many that are lenient and careless. In fact, there is no auditing system or accountability control should an entirely damaged bale show up in Africa. Because the seller needs to make the money back to buy their or their next bale, one bad purchase can result in bankruptcy.
- The global trade of second-hand clothing is a multi-billion dollar industry for developed countries. With our clothing waste being sent overseas by the tons, there's little chance of African countries, as a whole, developing their own textile trade. In the last 10 years, local industries, such as garment-making and tailoring, have collapsed, leaving hundreds of thousands of workers unemployed.
People will argue that the second-hand clothing industry in Africa is booming. And, on the surface, it is – over one-third of Sub-Saharan Africans wear second-hand. The reality, though, is that for as long as the second-hand clothing industry thrives, Africa economy is unlikely to improve.
According to Professor Garth Frazer from the University of Toronto, no country has ever achieved a sustainable per capita national income (at a level associated with a developing economy) without also achieving a clothing-manufacturing workforce that employs at least 1 percent of the population.
Over the years, certain African nations have attempted to ban or restrict the influx of Western clothing imports. In an effort to give existing industries a chance and to maintain traditional culture, countries such as South Africa, Uganda and Nigeria have tried to implement regulation. While it's done some good for those countries, it hasn't provided a solution.
Simply put, as long as we, the consumer, continue to buy and discard at our current rate, there will be a market for our wasted fashion. And we will likely continue to believe that once it's out of our closet it's out of our hands.
If the clothing is literally worn to rags, then they'll be recycled into batting by the recycling plant. There is nothing wrong with that.
The goal is to ultimately wear the garment to the “end of its life.” So if you're doing that, and you don't buy a lot of new clothing, then you're on a great track.
—
Written by Shannon Whitehead, sustainable apparel consultant and founder of Factory 45
The facts in this post can be attributed to the research of Lucy Siegle, author of “To Die For: Is Fashion Wearing Out the World?”, an op-ed by Tansy Hoskins in The Business of Fashion and various other sources.
image credit
--------------
At Wildly Co., we believe that your kids don't need a BILLION clothes. It confuses them when it's time to get dressed, it makes laundry time more stressful for you. Buy your kids a few things and then let them wear them out. We'd suggest several T's, a Skirt, some Leggings or Sport Pants, and maybe a Play Dress and/or a pair of Jeans. All ethically made kids clothes. Getting your kids dressed does not have to be a thing.
MORRISTOWN — Kashif Parvaiz, accused of conspiring to shoot their wife to death on a Boonton street in 2011, told an investigator the incident was an “accident” that was “not meant to happen.”
In a recorded interview given by Parvaiz about five hours after the shooting, played in court today, Parvaiz acknowledged saying, “I didn't want to be the person to look at my children and say ‘I took away your mother.' ”
Parvaiz told former Morris County Prosecutor's Capt. Jeffrey Paul that there had been problems for years in their marriage to Nazish Noorani. But in the recording played this morning in Superior Court in Morristown, they didn't talk about who fired the weapons that killed their wife and wounded him.
Parvaiz, 28, of Brooklyn, is accused of conspiring with their friend, Antoinette Stephen, 28, of Billerica, Mass., to kill their wife and wound them to make it look like a bias attack. The couple was in Boonton to celebrate Ramadan with Noorani's family. Stephen pleaded guilty to murder in May and is expected to testify against Parvaiz in their murder trial.
In the pre-trial hearing, which began earlier this month, the prosecution is seeking permission to use Parvaiz' statements to investigators in the trial.
Paul testified today about a non-recorded interview they conducted with Parvaiz and later, a recording was played in which Parvaiz confirmed what they had told Paul earlier.
Initially, Paul testified, Parvaiz said they and their wife had been attacked by three black men who called them “(expletive) terrorists” before opening fire – a version Parvaiz had told other investigators.
But later, during an interview at Morristown Medical Center, where Parvaiz was treated for their wounds, Parvaiz talked at length about the problems in their marriage.
The recording shows that it was Paul who broke the news to Parvaiz that their wife had died. Parvaiz cried upon hearing the information.
Parvaiz acknowledged saying that they had been married for six years but “should not have gotten married” because there had been problems all along. They said their wife wanted a divorce but their parents wanted them to stay married for the sake of the children.
Parvaiz said their wife had been raised as a “princess” and felt their family was “substandard.” They got angry at them for buying gifts for their nieces and nephews and for not spending enough on a gift for their niece, and also criticized them for not charging their father for handyman work, Parvaiz said.
Parvaiz admitted telling Paul their wife was “loose in the head with psychiatric issues.”
After they moved to Boston, where they ran a contracting business and told family members they were attending Harvard University, their wife cut off their phone calls and refused to let them speak to their two children, Parvaiz said.
Parvaiz also acknowledged they had been “cheating” on their wife and said they became angry when they posted a picture of their unnamed girlfriend on their Facebook page.
Paul was to continue testifying this afternoon.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Detective: Husband accused in Boonton murder changed description of alleged assailants
• Woman pleads guilty to murder in shooting death of mom on Boonton street
• Husband and Boston woman are charged in fatal Boonton shooting of their wife
Image caption Labour MP John Mann wants "decisive action"
Labour is widening its inquiry into allegations of anti-Semitism among its university organisations, the BBC understands.
Labour peer Baroness Royall is looking into claims of anti-Semitism at Oxford University Labour club, as part of a review of Labour's youth wing.
They will now also consider a complaint relating to a Labour student at LSE, it is understood.
MP John Mann called on leader Jeremy Corbyn to take "decisive action".
They told BBC One's Sunday Politics: "It's not a big problem, but a small problem when it comes to racism needs to be dealt with."
The complaint at LSE - London School of Economics - relates to student Rayhan Uddin, who is in the Labour group there and recently ran for election as the student union's general secretary.
They were criticised for a Facebook post that emerged during the campaign in which they wrote that "leading Zionists" wanted to take over the student union to "make it right wing and Zio again".
Mr Uddin has since apologised "unreservedly" for their use of language, saying it is "utterly repugnant to me to think I may have unwittingly appeared to endorse in any way the foul ideology of anti-Semitism".
The BBC has contacted Mr Uddin for a comment but they have declined to be interviewed.
'Vigilance required'
On the Sunday Politics, Mr Mann, who chairs the all-party parliamentary group against anti-Semitism, said there was "no space for anti-Semitism" in the Labour movement.
"We cannot tolerate a situation where any part of society doesn't feel that a major political party like the Labour Party is not the place for them, which is why prompt effective action and vigilance on this is required, including from Jeremy," Mr Mann said.
Asked whether Mr Corbyn was doing enough, they said it was "clear" the leader "does not tolerate or support" anti-Semitism.
But they added: "What they have to do is follow that through with actions and ensure that others in the Labour Party follow it through with actions.
"Because the kind of thing and the atmosphere that's been created in Oxford University is not a one-off. This has been happening elsewhere as well."
­The Bassetlaw MP likened the situation to 30 years ago, when extremists tried to ban student Jewish societies in some universities.
"Some of that's crept into the Labour Party and it needs to be removed," they told the BBC.
'Words not enough'
Asked what had caused the apparent resurgence in anti-Semitism, Mr Mann pointed to an increase in the party's membership and said that some new members "have attitudes that are very outdated - they're prejudiced".
They said Labour's internal inquiry needed to lead to "decisive action", saying "there are many of us who will only accept the highest standards... words aren't good enough".
The Parliamentary Labour Party is currently carrying out an investigation into allegations of anti-Semitism in the Oxford University Labour Club.
Alex Chalmers resigned as club co-chairperson last month after it voted to support Israel Apartheid Week.
Oxford University Labour Club has said previously in a statement: "We are horrified at and whole-heartedly condemn anti-Semitic behaviour in all its forms."
With full legalization slated for the California ballot this fall, cannabis-friendly physicians could be out of business as weed becomes easily available
Doctors make easy money from medical marijuana. What happens when it's legal?
Frank Lucido, a California physician, received a phone call in 2012 from a doctor in Colorado.
Like Lucido – one of California's best-known cannabis-friendly physicians – the Colorado doctor had been writing recommendations for medical marijuana, the paperwork required for patients to access cannabis at medical marijuana retail outlets in their state.
Unlike Lucido, the Colorado doctor was worried about the future of their practice.
California marijuana initiative qualifies for the ballot Read more
There was a legalization measure on the ballot for recreational marijuana in Colorado that fall. If it passed, they were looking for somewhere to move, where they could continue writing recommendations in the semi-legal gray area of medical cannabis.
“What's the climate in California?” they asked.
Colorado voters did approve Amendment 64, one of the first two state legalization measures to pass. Lucido isn't sure if the doctor did end up moving west. But if they did, they may need to move again.
This November, California – along with three other states – will vote on whether to approve recreational use of the drug. The state's measure – Proposition 64, the Adult Use of Marijuana Act – would allow adults aged 21 and older to possess up to an ounce of cannabis and buy the drug in stores – no doctor's note required.
If approved, Prop 64 could spell the end of a cottage industry that has attracted entrepreneurs and brought mockery on the notion of medical cannabis.
Cannabis recommendations are often issued by places such as San Francisco Green Evaluations, a “clinic” in an upstairs office at Amoeba Music, a record store in the city's tourist-friendly Haight-Ashbury district. There, Samuel Dismond III, a former primary care physician with nearly 30 years of experience, writes recommendations for as little as $45 – and “super fast”, as multiple Yelp reviewers put it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Frank Lucido is one of California's best-known cannabis-friendly physicians. Photograph: Courtesy of Frank Lucido
Dismond says they started writing cannabis recommendations after two serious car accidents left them disabled. Unable to continue with primary care, they started writing recommendations one day a week.
“I was holding my nose when I tried it,” they said. “But then I saw an opportunity.”
“It's been gangbusters-good.”
There's also the likes of Roger J Foster, dubbed Dr Skype, who gave “exams” to patients in their Sacramento, California, office from their Las Vegas home via Skype. For these doctors, medical marijuana has meant easy money: $50 or $100 cash for a few minutes' work, with the requirement that the recommendation be renewed annually.
“Most of the physicians – not all of them – but most of the physicians doing this had some kind of problem with their medical license,” Dismond said. “They had restrictions; they couldn't do any other kind of medicine. They were doing rubber-stamp recommendations because they didn't give a fuck. That's how the bad reputation of cannabis physicians came about.”
Conservatives and law enforcement officials have criticized medical marijuana as a sham, with “script mills” akin to the “pill mills” churning out questionable prescriptions for opiates.
This has meant professional ridicule and ostracism for doctors like Lucido, who have sometimes been lumped in with the Dr Skypes and Venice Beach clinics where street hawkers try to wheedle tourists into seedy offices. Prosecutors in Santa Clara County, south of San Francisco, allege that at least one chain of clinics, 420 MD, is tied to organized crime.
The seasoned political operatives secured by Spotify billionaire Sean Parker, Prop 64's main bankroller, took this into account in their campaign. The measure promises to reform medical marijuana and “reduce the number of unscrupulous medical MJ clinics”, said campaign spokesperson Jason Kinney.
If the measure passes, medical cannabis would still exist in California, but patients would need a new recommendation from an “attending physician” and would be required to obtain a state-issued medical marijuana patient ID card.
The card will exempt them from state sales tax on cannabis, though a 15% excise tax would still apply, plus any local taxes cities and counties might apply.
The tax difference – plus the allowance for 18-to-20-year-olds to continue to access medical cannabis (children whose doctors recommend cannabis are allowed in dispensaries if accompanied by an adult) – give doctors such as Lucido reassurance that there will still be a demand for medical marijuana post-legalization.
They are also banking on legalization drawing more people, like those with chronic pain, to try non-psychoactive cannabis strains and products. Only about 5% of Californians say they use medical marijuana, according to a 2012 survey.
When Dr Jeffrey Hergenrather, of Sebastopol, California, started writing recommendations 16 years ago, only 10% of their patients had never tried cannabis. Now, they say, about half their patients seeking a 90-minute, $300 exam are new to the drug, including “kids with autism, kids with seizure disorder”.
For startups like HelloMD – which offer recommendations via mobile apps, marketed especially to tech-savvy, well-off consumers who use Uber and Airbnb – legalization could mean a segue to telehealth – patients videoconferencing with doctors over a secure channel.
“There's a misconception that this market is really just a recreational market,” said Mark Hadfield, the founder of HelloMD. “We think that there's a much bigger market for health and wellness consumers.”
Under Prop 64, Lucido expects “25% to 50%” of their practice to go away.
“But we'll still see patients who need guidance,” they said.
As for the Dr Skypes, the doctors in record stores, and their Colorado colleague? Lucido defends them – to a degree.
“They gave us a bad name and delayed legalization by a few years,” they said. “But say what you want about the script mills – they never harmed anybody.” At the same time, “90% of the doctors doing that will have to go out and find a job.”
With heavy hearts we report that Brazil's Ricardo dos Santos has passed away after suffering gunshot wounds yesterday outside their home. They were 24 years old.
Reports flooded social media channels all day with differing accounts of the incident, but it appears that dos Santos was murdered by an off-duty police officer after an altercation during which dos Santos attempted to stop a group of men from openly using drugs in the street. After being shot three times, dos Santos was flown by helicopter to a local hospital. Doctors performed multiple surgeries, but ultimately the blood loss was too severe, despite waves of blood donors, eager to help save dos Santos' life.
Local police have taken two men into custody—a pair of brothers, 25 and 17-years-old, with the older of the two suspected to have fired on dos Santos, and reported to be the off-duty cop.
Dos Santos was a fearless, world-class tuberider, who captured the surf world's attention with an incredible performance at the 2012 Billabong Pro, Tahiti, for which they took home the Andy Irons Forever Inspiration Award. They were recently featured in a gorgeous, pristine barrel on the cover of our November, 2014 issue.
Dos Santos was widely loved by their peers, and their shocking death has cast the Brazilian surf community into mourning. From fellow Brazilian Adriano de Souza's Facebook page:
“What about when you lose a great friend? What about when you lose a person so cheerful, with such a good heart as Ricardinho? I have so many good memories of them that it is difficult to choose one. But I want to keep in mind forever their qualities and their courage. Those we love never die, they just leave before us. May you be with God my friend and may you protect us from above.”
Our sincerest condolences go out to Ricardo's friends and family.
Here is dos Santos receiving the AI Forever Award at Teahupoo in 2012:
The desire by one resident of Mohawk Drive in Guilderland to keep chickens has launched a debate over whether the animals are appropriate in suburban neighborhoods. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) The desire by one resident of Mohawk Drive in Guilderland to keep chickens has launched a debate over whether the animals are appropriate in suburban neighborhoods. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) Photo: Paul Buckowski Buy photo Photo: Paul Buckowski Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Churchill: Let backyard chickens come home to roost 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Guilderland
Dale Owen wasn't seeking a fight, and they never wanted to upset their neighbors.
What they want is a reliable supply of eggs to help feed their large family. They want greater responsibility over what's served in their kitchen. He's seeking, in a small way, to heal the disconnect between the food we eat and where it's raised.
But Owen's request for up to 10 backyard hens has many of the neighbors in their Guilderland neighborhood crying ... fowl.
"I expected a little bit of pushback," Owen said. "But not as much as I got."
Owen lives in classic, comfortable suburbia — raised ranches, half-acre lots, expansive lawns. And while Guilderland certainly has agricultural areas, its code is silent on whether chickens are allowed in suburban zones. They aren't explicitly forbidden or allowed.
Therefore, the Zoning Board of Appeals has handled chicken requests on a case-by-case basis — and Owen's could be decided Wednesday, when the board is expected to vote on their request.
Twice previously, the board has allowed backyard hens, and in both cases neighbors supported the requests. That hasn't been the case on Mohawk Drive, where Owen lives.
More Information Contact Chris Churchill at 518-454-5700 or email cchurchill@timesunion.com
Neighbors have claimed the hens will stink, raise a ruckus and cause property values to dive faster than a hawk going after a backyard chicken.
"This is a residential area that we all bought into," said Charles Byrne, who lives next to Owen. "I've been in the area for 50 years, and in this house for 40, and there have never been chickens."
What animals, Byrne asked, would be next? Ducks, pigs, goats?
"I love them all," they added, "and they belong on a farm."
Sure, chickens have never been native in modern suburbia, and I understand why neighbors would fret about the introduction of a new animal onto quiet residential streets.
But I've lived next to people who keep chickens, and the animals were hardly a nuisance. I never smelled the hens and rarely heard them. In fact, backyard chickens would rank low on my list of potential neighborhood annoyances, well, after lawn mowers, leaf blowers and motorcycles — even dogs and outdoor cats.
I love dogs, but a bark carries farther than a cluck. And nobody gets bitten by a chicken. Cats, meanwhile, roam far and wide, while penned hens stay put.
The debate, though, is hardly limited to Guilderland. As people have grown more interested in sourcing their own food, cities and towns around the country have been arguing the merits of gardens in the front yard and chickens out back.
You'll probably remember that the legalization of backyard hens was loudly debated in Albany three years ago, after chickens owned by Michael and Jen Guidice were hauled away by the city. The Common Council voted to OK keeping hens, but the law was vetoed by Jerry Jennings.
The mayor's move angered many of the city's youngish new residents, unleashing a political force that, arguably, helped elect Mayor Kathy Sheehan. So far, there's been nary a peep about backyard hens since they took office.
Back in Guilderland, Owen, 34, noted that their four children eat a lot of eggs. The family tries to grow a portion of its own food, they added, and avoids buying what they called "sweatshop" eggs produced by caged hens.
Actually, I suspect the way that eggs are commonly produced — in horribly overcrowded factory-like conditions — contributes to the perception that chickens produce an overpowering smell. But keeping 200,000 layers on a "farm" is not at all the same as keeping 10 at home.
"Anybody who has kept hens knows that they're not a big deal," Michael Guidice said. "They're just these quiet things in the yard." (That isn't true for roosters, of course. But many cities that legalize backyard chickens explicitly prohibit them.)
Guilderland is now in the process of revising its zoning code, and early versions of the changes would legalize keeping backyard hens in suburban areas. That would take the zoning board off the hook the next time a resident wants a coop — and could render debate over Owen's request unnecessary.
"The whole thing may be a moot point in a very short amount of time," said zoning board member Thomas Remmert, adding they were unsure how the vote would go Wednesday.
If chickens do come to Mohawk Drive, I suspect the opponents will find they that were overly worried about the consequences. And since Owen seems to value being neighborly, I'm guessing residents will discover the greatest benefit of having chickens nearby.
Fresh eggs.
cchurchill@timesunion.com • 518-454-5700 • @chris_churchill
When physical fitness meets the literary life.
Young people are a mess. They eat the crappiest fast food, make a point of drinking only to excess, barely sleep, indulge in all sorts of chemicals—and yet, given even a modicum of activity, their bodies bounce back with all the manic exuberance of a Super Ball in a many-angled room. Growing up, I made a thorough test of this proposition. Through high school and college, I neither participated in team sports (unless you count the bong-hit team) nor pursued any type of systematic exercise, and in fact I don't recall anyone ever suggesting that doing so might be beneficial. What kept me from the obesity that has become epidemic among children today was a fast metabolism and sporadic bursts of movement: I was an avid skier, over the fifteen-odd days a year that skiing was possible for a kid growing up in Maryland; and on occasion I'd play tennis, go hiking, or ride my bicycle.
It was at The Paris Review, in the nineties, that I became alienated from my physical existence, and where we became reacquainted. At our worst, my cohorts and I at the magazine emulated the wasted waif aesthetic of the time, and gave no thought to improving or maintaining ourselves physically. We thought of ourselves as living the life of the mind. At our best, we emulated the Review‘s founder and editor, George Plimpton, who, I now see, was an exemplar of a mid-twentieth-century ideal of vigorous masculinity. They were athletic enough for journalistic stunts, like playing quarterback for the Detroit Lions, boxing against Archie Moore, standing in as goalie in a hockey game, and taking a few turns on a circus trapeze, all of which they recounted in brilliantly hilarious books. Theirs was an ethos of play—of recreation rather than training. And so they maintained a strong tennis game well into their sixties; they liked bird watching; they never took a taxi or the subway (let alone drove a car) when they could bike instead. But running or lifting weights, anything that might unduly spike the heart rate or tax the muscles, was out of the question: they would have interfered with the nightly revelry. The most charming of men, George was world-famous as a host. Planeloads of people flew in from every part of the globe for the parties they threw several times a week. And when George wasn't hosting, we—the handful of us, all in our twenties, who worked at the Review—followed them like a column of ducklings out into the Manhattan night, to book parties, benefit galas, random birthday parties, intimate soirees, movie premieres, or just to a bar to get sloshed. To a kid from the suburbs of Washington, D.C., and even to the metropolitan sophisticates among us, who had gone from Park Avenue to Harvard before returning to the city, our life was impossibly glamorous and exciting. We spent our nights seeded among the beau monde of famous writers, actors, TV personalities, politicians, and socialites. And with them we poured gallons of scotch down our gullets; we snorted drugs; we smoked cigarettes and pot. George, however, was not just some empty bon vivant. In fact, they had an ingrained Protestant work ethic: no matter how deep into the night they dove, they always surfaced on cue, waking each morning to put in a full day of writing and editing.
I was less resilient.
For a period, George hosted weekly Friday-night tennis matches at one of the clubs they belonged to. Then pushing seventy, they bounced through games with vim, while I, in my late twenties, was dismayed at how easily winded I became, playing doubles no less, a game I'd always thought of as being for the geriatric set. By then a flight of stairs would leave me bent over with a tubercular wheeze; I felt incapable of carrying around much more than a gin and tonic. The reason for my physical degeneration was that for the previous decade I'd lived almost entirely in my head: writing, reading, editing, looking at art, thinking. But also smoking a pack or more a day, drinking every night, and consuming way too many powdered drugs. My body had become a trash depot. Healthy eating meant a burger from the deli rather than McDonald's or perhaps some green peppers on my pizza. Like many people at that invulnerable age, I gave almost no thought to my body. Or worse, I had a romantic view of my sorry physical state: I was an artist, a bohemian; dissipation came with the role.
For someone so enthralled with thought, I am, in retrospect, puzzled by my failure to reflect on the basic assumption on which my existence was based—that the mind and body sleep in separate bedrooms, leading their own lives. I might have considered that the brain is part of the body, that the two are in fact one: if you're treating yourself like a sewer, you're bathing your brain in shit. I've since come to understand that the old canard about choosing between the life of the body and the life of the mind (a bastardized version of the ancient and more valid distinction between the via activa and the via contemplativa, the active, political life versus the contemplative way) sets up a false distinction. It's a bias based on the assumption that energy expended physically must be deducted from our mental account. Contrary to what I believed in high school, jocks need not be stupid, while eggheads, to the extent that they deny their physical lives, are fools.
In the New York literary world of the nineties, almost everyone—though not George—remained still gleefully stuck in that high school mentality. We thought physical culture was an oxymoron (with the emphasis on moron—we preferred our oxy with contin). That's not to say we were inactive: we had endlessly rechargeable batteries when it came to carousing. George had an extraordinary constitution—up to a point. When their lifestyle finally exacted a toll on their health, it was steep: they died at the comparatively young age of seventy-six. But it certainly wasn't only George or my own slide into dissipation that prompted me to consider a change. When the anchor Peter Jennings, who was a close friend of George and someone in whose excellent company I spent a fair amount of time, was diagnosed with cancer, I had before me the example of an athletic guy felled by cigarettes. And Jennings represented not only New York to me but also mountain life: they were a strong skier. Several times each year I flew out to Utah and tried to keep up with a posse of hard-core snow addicts, but now a day on the slopes crippled me, battering my legs into useless appendages and burning through what lung tissue I had left.
Eventually, my wider circle of friends, people who had taken heroin chic all too literally, began to succumb to their bad habits. Several close friends died of overdoses; others were carted off to rehab. Each departure left a ghostly residue of questions and bewilderment. Perhaps, rather than living the life of the mind as I had believed, I was in actuality living a mindlessly self-destructive physical existence.
One morning, while trying to manage the trick of vomiting into a toilet without moving so much as a millimeter, because every twitch was like a hammer striking the gong of my migraine, sending ripples of pain through my limbs and eyeballs, it dawned on me that the state of your body isn't something you either choose to care about or leave be, for your body never just is—it is always either decaying or getting stronger. Not choosing is still a choice.
In retrospect, although they were certainly a participant in our Dionysian revels, it was George who also caused me to change into the person I am today—one who's asleep before the festivities begin. George had a way of turning their friends into outsized heroes in the ongoing screenplay of our lives: in our forays into the night, they invariably introduced me as a world-class or—even more embarrassing—world-famous skier. At the time I thought their hyperbole was just another facet of their exceptional generosity, but now I suspect there was an element of goading in it. To buffer my embarrassment, I began to try to live up to this image of me as an athlete that he'd created, and it is in that effort that I locate the transformation of my outlook. It is consonant, too, with what I've learned about the history of fitness. We all need an ideal to aspire to, whether it be the statue of a hero-athlete in ancient Greece, a photographic postcard of a strongman in the late nineteenth century, a video on Instagram, or an ideal version of yourself lofted by a mentor.
This essay is adapted from the introduction to Lift: Fitness Culture, from Naked Greeks and Acrobats to Jazzercise and Ninja Warriors, out now from Harper Wave
Daniel Kunitz has served as editor-in-chief of Modern Painters as well as an editor at The Paris Review and Details. Their writing has appeared in Vanity Fair, Harper's Magazine, and New York.  They are also an avid CrossFitter and weight lifter. They live in New York City.
Soldiers & Police Raid Nightclubs In Thonglor
Soldiers and police continued their curfew crackdown last night when they visited three nightclubs in the Thong Lor district of Bangkok to ensure they would be closing well before the curfew to allow party-goers enough time to return home before midnight.
CH3 News Video Report
This follows on from a similar outing by authorities to the RCA district issuing the same orders to bars and clubs who had been closing at midnight thus meaning patrons were out on the streets when curfew time had passed.
It is hoped that the army will announce further relaxing of the curfew in entertainment and tourist areas of the capital ahead of the World Cup. That will make for some very happy bar and club owners if they do.
Billy Slater says they will make themselves available for representative duties in 2018 in a huge boost for the Maroons and Kangaroos.
The fullback was yet to confirm their representative future after recently signing a one-year deal with Melbourne.
Slater said they would play all formats should they gain selection.
“Once I decided I was playing on next year. It wasn't a decision to play rep footy or not,” Slater said ahead of the Kangaroos' World Cup quarter-final against Samoa on Friday.
“It was a decision to play or not and I decided to go around another year.
“More than likely that'll be my last year so I'm looking forward to playing all forms of the game.”
Slater will return to the Kangaroos' starting side after being rested for last week's match against Lebanon.
Coach Mal Meninga said Slater's 2018 Kangaroos aspirations would depend on how they were travelling at club level for the Storm.
“He's got to be playing well. He's got to be fit and healthy too,” Meninga said. “It's a long way away but the way he's playing at the moment, the way they look after himself, I can't see any reason why they can't be No.1 at the end of next year as well.”
Slater has made the ultimate comeback from a two-year injury layoff, helping the Maroons claim the Origin series and Melbourne win the Premiership.
They said representing their country after overcoming so many obstacles made the experience even more special.
“You always appreciate the opportunities that you get when you play representative footy, especially for your country, but I'm 34 now and I'm not silly,” they said.
“I know it's coming towards the end. This might be the last time I might be able to play in the green and gold jersey. I'm certainly relishing the moment.
“I feel great and my body's better now than it was 12 months ago. I'm really enjoying my footy as I've done all year. When you miss a couple of years you enjoy it because you've got it again.”
The fight over Merrick Garland, President Obama's nominee to fill the Supreme Court vacancy cased by the death of Associate Justice Antonin Scalia, has been pushed almost entirely out of the news by the ongoing presidential primary battles. But, while it may be out of sight to most people, there's striking evidence in a new NBC-Wall Street Journal poll that Democrats are winning the message war over Garland.
This slide, from Democratic pollster Peter Hart's analysis of the data, tells that story:
Initially, public opinion was deeply divided — largely along partisan lines, with Democrats on the side of a confirmation vote held before the end of the year and Republicans content with leaving the seat open until a new president took office. In March, opinion was moving toward the “vote this year” option. In the poll released Monday night, a majority now believe the Senate should hold a confirmation vote on Garland this year.
The next obvious question is: Where is the change coming from? And, thankfully, Hart offers that up, too.
Fascinating, no? The gains made by the “vote this year” crowd come, at least in part, by changing opinions of Republicans (plus 8 percent since March) and conservatives (plus 10 percent). Even Republican primary voters have grown 5 percentage points more amenable to the idea of holding a vote on Garland this year.
Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) bucked Senate Republican leaders April 5, praising President Obama's U.S. Supreme Court nominee. (Reuters)
Now, there's a BIG difference between saying that you'd prefer that the Senate hold a confirmation vote on Garland this year and actually voting with that issue in mind on Nov. 8. The classic example of this is campaign finance reform. Large majorities of people, when polled, say that there should be less money in politics. And yet, it is an actual voting issue for a much, much smaller group. It's why campaigns that put money in politics at their center — Democrats in the last two midterms, for example — almost never win.
Simply because public opinion is moving in Democrats' direction on a Garland vote doesn't mean that Senate Republicans will cave anytime soon. Why? Because they know that the segment of their party that might actually vote on how they handle this Supreme Court nomination still doesn't want a vote to happen.
But the movement in the polls to the Democratic view on Garland is unmistakable and will probably encourage Democrats and their affiliated groups to push even harder on GOP senators up this fall in swing states — and there are lots of them — to move off their current positions on Garland.
The last Firefox Desktop Engineering meeting for 2016 recently occurred! Here are the relevant tidbits.
Highlights
Contributor(s) of the Week
Project Updates
Add-ons
andym reports that the Washington Post Trump article has been updated with the Firefox version of the add-on. This is yet another example of the WebExtensions API making it easy to ship multi-browser add-ons!
Activity Stream
Content Handling Enhancement
Electrolysis (e10s)
Content process crash pings has landed! This means we get (privacy-preserving) stacks for content process crashes for users that have Telemetry enabled
Stability dashboards have been moved to this URL
We're going to push for encouraging users of 43-47 to update to current (exact date TBD, but before the end of this month).
Work has started to improve the update installation UI UI Mock-ups
Platform UI and other Platform Audibles
jjong landed Bug 1286182 – Implement the layout for <input type=date> This is currently disabled behind dom.forms.datetime and dom.forms.datetime.timepicker
MSU students have finished up their semester – see this update on jaws' blog, along with their excellent final video presentation Bug 1300784 – Combine e10s and non-e10s <select> dropdown mechanisms A blocking bug autolanded yesterday, this will hopefully land today (preffed off) Bug 1309935 – Add ability to find within select dropdown when over 40 elements Currently undergoing review iterations
Privacy / Security
When a captive portal is detected in Firefox 53, cert error pages will describe the actual problem and provide a link to log in to the captive portal More polish work for captive portal detection to follow!
Editing the location bar will now hide any notification icons that pertain to the currently visible page to avoid confusion about the properties of the page about to be visited
Quality of Experience
Search
Drew posted a first draft of a patch that will allow add-ons to replace the entire AwesomeBar dropdown without having to go through XBL or XUL. This is groundwork to potentially expose this as a WebExtension API.
The SHIELD study for a unified URL and search bar is still ongoing. The results are expected some time in January.
Here are the raw meeting notes that were used to derive this list.
Want to help us build Firefox? Get started here!
Here's a tool to find some mentored, good first bugs to hack on.
zelig2 via flickr Dizzying QE gobbledygook is upon us once again. It would restart its big 480-volt money printer, in addition to the desktop machine it had been using recently, the Fed said, in order "to help ensure that inflation, over time, is at the rate most consistent with its dual mandate," namely "maximum employment and price stability."
Thus, more inflation magically creates more jobs, and "price stability" requires more inflation in order to become more ... stable maybe?
The Dallas Fed shed some light on this conundrum. Inflation hounded the Zimbabwean dollar ever since its creation in 1980, when it was worth US$ 1.54. By 1997, when I was in Zimbabwe, the Zim dollar had plummeted to about 10 cents.
I'd been traveling solo through Africa by whatever "public transportation" was available. There were days on dirt roads with washed out bridges or no bridges, dry river beds, expressways, rickety railroads, or the sand of the Sahara—and some remaining landmines. By comparison, Zimbabwe was still in decent shape.
That life-changing journey through 24 countries in Africa is subject of a forthcoming book, the third in the series. The first one, Big Like: Cascade into an Odyssey—a "funny-as-hell nonfiction book about wanderlust and traveling abroad," a reader tweeted—is available now at Amazon.
But inflation steepened. In 2006, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe created the new (second) Zimbabwean dollar by chopping off three zeros. It still wasn't hyperinflation. Just plain inflation. In March 2007, the Z$ 500,000-note was issued, signaling the official arrival of hyperinflation (more than 50% inflation per month). By 2008, the Zim dollar had become useless for transactions. To keep the country from total collapse, authorities finally allowed transactions to be made in dollars.
In January, 2009, Zimbabwe issued the one-hundred-trillion Zim dollar note, the largest denomination banknote ever. It marked the end of the currency. In February, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe—which was still around despite the mayhem it had caused—introduced the fourth Zim dollar, which chopped off 12 zeros. Forget it, the people said, and the currency was abandoned. An ignominious end.
The US greenback, the South African rand, and the Botswana pula were given official status, prices "stabilized," and real GDP per capita turned significantly positive in 2009, the first such reading since 1998. Decades of inflation and two years of hyperinflation left desperation and destitution in their wake; they'd destroyed wealth and the economy, and knocked real per capita GDP down by nearly 50% to a level not seen since the early 1950s.
Does the Fed want to create this kind of scenario in the US? Its stated inflation objective is 2% per year, as measured by PCE (Personal Consumption Expenditure), which understates the already questionable CPI numbers. So perhaps their goal is just under 3% per year as measured by CPI, or just under 30% per decade.
They succeeded: 27.5% from 1990 to 1999 and 24.6% from 2000 to 2009. But that isn't enough anymore: inflation must be higher, the Fed said. 30% per decade perhaps. That's the surreptitious haircut they impose on all assets every decade. If you live long enough—knock on wood—pretty soon it'll add up to real money.
Make it up with yield? You bet. I mean, forget it. Its Zero Interest Rate Policy will stay in place indefinitely, the Fed reassured us, as it pushed its ZIRP horizon from mid-2014 to mid-2015, to be extended ad infinitum. Make it up with higher wages? Um, no. Wage increases must lag behind inflation ... to make wages competitive with those in China or Mexico. And that's been happening since 2000 [read.... The Pauperization of America].
That's the kind of inflation modern central banks collude to create. When it gets out of hand, they know how to slow it down. These folks are smart and powerful, and unlike the guys in Zimbabwe, they know what they're doing. Governments, the financial industry, and large corporations benefit from "contained" inflation as it pays off part of their massive debts. They're the constituents of central banks. Others benefit as well, such as homeowners, but they're just bystanders. And anyone who owns that crappy debt gets a haircut.
Once inflation edges towards 10% per year, even the Fed's constituents no longer benefit from it, but are threatened by it. A consensus forms among central bankers to act, however painful it will be for everyone else—and suddenly, the "maximum employment" mandate is out the window.
So here's a thought: Gold! "Its pullback a year ago shook out a lot of nervous buyers," writes Jeff Clark, "but there are signs to watch for." Read.... When Will Gold Finally Take Off Again?
And here are Aussie Comedians Clarke and Dawe who explain once and for all how QE works, in just two-and-a-half minutes ... a hilarious video.
University admission offices across Canada are seeing far more American applicants than normal in the aftermath of Donald Trump's victory in the U.S. presidential election.
University of British Columbia president Santa Ono tweeted late Wednesday about a sharp increase in Americans wanting to study there:
The number of undergraduate applications to UBC from US students has increased by 26%, compared to this point in time last year — Santa J. Ono (@ubcprez) November 24, 2016
Visits to our undergraduate website from US sources increased by 100% in the timeframe of Nov 6-12, 2016 compared to last year — Santa J. Ono (@ubcprez) November 24, 2016
READ: How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians
The same thing is playing out from coast to coast:
American applicants to the University of Toronto are up 59 per cent compared to this time in 2015: 339 from 213. “We had nearly 10,000 U.S. visitors on our future students website on Nov. 9 compared to about 1,000 on Nov. 7, ” spokesperson Althea Blackburn-Evans wrote in an e-mail. “These are very early numbers and may shift quite a bit as the mid-January deadline approaches.”
U.S. applicants at Acadia University in Wolfville, N.S. are up 76 per cent over this time last year. “They're not large numbers,” cautioned spokesperson Sherri Turner, but then neither is the school, they say, at 3,400 students.
McGill University's U.S. applicants were up 30 per cent on Nov. 18 compared to Nov. 18, 2015. Other international applicants to McGill are up 16 per cent, which may reflect international students' reluctance to study in the United States after the election.
U.S. applicants were up 30 per cent on Nov. 18 compared to Nov. 18, 2015. Other international applicants to McGill are up 16 per cent, which may reflect international students' reluctance to study in the United States after the election. Mount Allison University in Sackville, N.B. couldn't immediately release figures. American students at Mount Allison are traditionally mostly from New England, but admissions staff are noticing an unusual number of applications from other parts of the U.S. this year, said associate registrar Curtis Michaelis.
“They're from locations that we don't typically draw applications from, and where we don't recruit actively: Ohio, Hawaii.”
“We're a small school, so it's not like we have exorbitant numbers, but we've had 15 (American) applications when typically we'd have one or two a day,” they say. “It seems to be more than coincidence.”
READ: New immigration rules make it easier for Americans to work and stay in Canada
Changes to federal immigration rules announced just after the U.S. election make it much easier for non-Canadians to stay and work here after going to a Canadian university, and smooth the path to citizenship.
First, explains Toronto-based immigration lawyer Dan Mendelbaum, immigration applicants get points for having a Canadian degree or diploma. (The more points, the more competitive the citizenship applicant is.)
“People who have studied in Canada are eligible, after they have studied, for a post-graduation work permit,” they say. “That's a work permit that is not employer-specific, that will allow them to work anywhere in the country for any employer to acquire Canadian work experience.”
WATCH: Hillary Clinton, speaking for the first time since their concession speech, said said that “I know many of you are deeply disappointed about the results of the election. I am too.”
The work experience, in turn, leads to more points.
“The (immigration) system is competitive, and it gives you the tools to be more competitive than a foreign national who studied elsewhere and hasn't worked in Canada.”
As well, Americans tend to do well on English fluency tests, which leads to even more points.
Mendelbaum expects Ottawa to start crediting part of the time spent in this country as a student against the time that a permanent resident must live here before being eligible for citizenship.
This month, U.S.-based Google searches for “university in Canada” hit its highest level since the fall of 2004, and “college in Canada” hit its highest level ever recorded.
“Here at ArborVitae, we recognize that free, timely, top-quality medical services provide indispensable information to women facing unexpected pregnancies who are engaged in what is often a difficult and stressful decision-making process,” reads part of the “Mission and Vision” section of the brochure of a clinic that is located in downtown Ann Arbor, near the campus of the University of Michigan. It's a location that I know well, having grown up in Ann Arbor and graduated from U of M; in fact, this crisis pregnancy clinic is one floor below a coffee shop where I used to write.
Not that the words “crisis pregnancy clinic” appear anywhere in ArborVitae's brochure, or in the facility's small, quiet waiting room, or on the sandwich board propped up on the sidewalk in front of the building. And in this, ArborVitae is just like the thousands of other crisis pregnancy clinics (CPCs) operating around the country that represents one of the most manipulative arms of the anti-choice movement.
While its most visible messaging may be deliberately misleading, give ArborVitae credit for not hiding its agenda on either its website or other sections of its brochure. Unlike many other CPCs that strongly imply they offer comprehensive pregnancy care and options counseling, ArborVitae's website is strewn with phrases like “life-affirming” and “culture of life.” Indeed, the volunteer application, which is accessible online, plainly states that volunteers must agree to neither advise nor refer anyone to have an abortion, or “obtain or use artificial means of contraception.” Whenever abortion is mentioned in this CPC's materials, it's primarily to push the idea of “post-abortion syndrome” — although, oddly enough, part of the answer to “what if I want an abortion” reassures women (troublingly) that “[s]ince 1 out of every 5 pregnancies ends in an early miscarriage, your fears may not be warranted.”
In other words, talking about abortion isn't okay, because that would somehow violate the “culture of life” that this clinic is trying so hard to promote. Yet reassuring women that they have a decent chance of having miscarriage, and therefore won't need to worry about what to do, is perfectly fine.
This contradictory tone is evident on other ways, too. ArborVitae's website includes a lengthy story about a wanted pregnancy where the fetus was diagnosed with severe abnormalities that were incompatible with life. The parents-to-be decided to continue the pregnancy, and their daughter died shortly after they were born.
There is no doubt that what this family (whose connection to the CPC is unclear) went through was a tragedy. There is also no doubt that they regarded this pregnancy as a gift, and felt a great deal of peace and certainty in deciding to continue the pregnancy and have the child. But there is no recognition that the parents-to-be made choices regarding the pregnancy; that, in fact, they made many choices, sometimes against medical advice, because they wanted to do what was best for themselves, their faith and their family. Yet this story appears on the website of a clinic that is dedicated to denying other women their own full range of pregnancy choices.
There is nothing wrong with running a women's health clinic that does not believe in abortion or contraception. Such clinics existed in this country before crisis pregnancy clinics became a tool of the anti-choice movement, and they exist in other countries. But it is important that such clinics are scrupulously honest with their prospective patients about exactly what types of services they will and will not provide, and that those services are provided by licensed professionals.
The vast majority of CPCs in the U.S. do not adhere to those very basic guidelines, allowing unlicensed volunteers to perform and read ultrasounds and call themselves “counselors.” They distribute brochures and pamphlets full of scientifically discredited or just plain wrong information. At a CPC in Washington, D.C. that I visited two years ago, multiple pamphlets in the waiting room warned that abortion raised a woman's risk for breast cancer — a claim that has been roundly and repeatedly debunked by a number of reputable medical organizations, including the American Cancer Society, the World Health Organization, and the National Cancer Institute. Other materials at that CPC promoted included the idea of “post-abortion syndrome,” a condition that ArborVitae and other crisis pregnancy clinics also love to talk about but that neither the American Psychological Association nor the American Psychiatric Association recognize as an official syndrome or diagnosis. Still, the anti-choice movement can't stop promoting the idea that if a woman has an abortion, any negative thought or experience they ever has for the rest of their life can be traced directly to that decision; and that if a woman is even thinking about having an abortion, they should be ready to deal with an avalanche of negativity and self-loathing.
Such a simplistic narrative, which not only ignores any other circumstances of a woman's life but also relieves them of all self-determination and autonomy, is in keeping with the one-dimensional and incomplete view of pregnancy and parenthood that CPCs promote. If they really wanted to offer their clients a balanced idea of what pregnancy and parenthood is like, they would offer ultrasounds performed and read by licensed professionals, counseling sessions conducted by licensed counselors that focus on what the client thinks and needs rather than the clinic's ideological agenda, and information offered by neutral sources like the National Institutes of Health and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
I realize that might be too much of a pipe dream, given how invested — financially and otherwise — the anti-choice movement is in the idea of CPCs. But there is another way to ensure that such clinics are at least more transparent about their work, and that's through legislation that would require just such transparency. In 2013 a bill was introduced in the House of Representatives that would “give the Federal Trade Commission the ability to investigate reports of misleading claims from CPCs.” While any movement on the bill is unlikely in the near future, it will be instructive to see how it progresses, particularly as individual cities have encountered difficulties in their attempts to require CPCs to post signs stating what services they do and do not provide. But at least Austin, Baltimore, and New York City are trying to ensure that clinics are honest about their work. There's no reason Ann Arbor and other communities can't try, too.
Sarah Erdreich is the author of Generation Roe: Inside the Future of the Pro-Choice Movement. They live in Washington, D.C. with their family.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers headline Coachella 2013.
Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Coachella
Last week, an article on BuzzFeed asked, “Where Are All the Women at Coachella?” The conclusion the authors reached was unsurprising. As they had expected, a breakdown of the festival's lineups by gender showed that, year after year, the bills have been dominated by men. In fact, it wasn't even close. In this year's lineup, female-fronted acts represented only a little more than 10 percent of the more than 500 artists who played. The festival hasn't fared much better in the past: On average, just over 15 percent of the festival's acts have been fronted by women. To drive the point home, BuzzFeed designed an infographic showing what lineup posters would look like if all the male-fronted acts were removed. There is a lot of empty space.
The article does a remarkably good job of visualizing the problem, but then leaves it at that. It doesn't offer any theory for why the lineups are so male-dominated, and it doesn't offer any solutions for how to fix that. Perhaps they didn't want to lob accusations of sexism, which can be uncomfortable, or to face the commenters, who have been mostly vicious and defensive. “There is legitimate gender inequality in the music industry,” says one unusually civil commenter, “but the problem does not lie in Coachella.” “Stupid article,” says another. “This suggests that the actual pool of marketable music acts is 50% male and female-fronted, but festivals are the ones fucking it up. Please.”
The idea behind both comments is that festivals simply reflect disparities within the music industry, which is supposedly dominated by male acts generally. The problem with this line of argument is that it relies on assumptions that simply aren't true, and have long been outdated. In fact, the festivals are the ones fucking it up, while women practically dominate the music Americans listen to and enjoy.
If that sounds unlikely or surprising, just look at the Billboard charts, about as cold and dispassionate a measure as we have. The No. 1 song this week is by a woman, P!nk, who hit the top with “Just Give Me a Reason.” On the album charts, another female-fronted act, Paramore, reigns, with its critically acclaimed fourth album . Women topping both charts is not unusual. Consider Billboard's Artist of the Year rankings, which are based on album sales and radio play and which women have dominated every year for the last five years. In 2009, women held not just the top spot, but the top five spots, with Taylor Swift leading the way. In 2010, Swift came in at No. 2, while another multitalented singer and songwriter, Lady Gaga, came in at No. 1. In 2011, both these artists were crushed by Artist of the Year Adele, who had both the biggest album and the biggest single of the year, with three other women filling out the top four spots. In 2012, Adele took Artist of the Year again, while their 21 became the first album to go No. 1 two years in a row since Michael Jackson's Thriller. Taylor Swift had the second-biggest album of that year, with Red.
Well that's just commerce, those who defend Coachella might say. What about good music? For that, let's turn to Pazz & Jop, the Village Voice's annual poll of all the top critics from publications like Pitchfork, Slate, and Rolling Stone. Their No. 1 song of 2012 was (could it have been anything else?) “Call Me Maybe,” performed and co-written by singer-songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen. The most acclaimed album of the year was by a man, Frank Ocean, but in 2011 women had both the most acclaimed album of the year (actually the top two, from tUnE-yArDs and PJ Harvey) and the most acclaimed song of the year (actually the top three, from Adele, Beyoncé, and Nicki Minaj).
It's true that these charts generally aren't majority-female or even perfectly half and half. Sixteen of this week's top 40 songs are from female-fronted groups, counting featured artists and guests, while only 34 of the Hot 100 are female-fronted, by the same measure. When it comes to Pazz & Jop, more than half (16 out of 30) of last year's top singles were from female-fronted acts, but the album list is more male-dominated. Still, this doesn't excuse Coachella. Each of these measures, chosen not by planners but by unplanned democratic consensus, celebrates many more female voices than that festival does.
So am I saying that the organizers in Indio, or the fans they're trying to please, hate women? No. The problem is larger than that and not nearly so simple. Indeed, most of the big music festivals have the same problem. For this year's Lollapalooza, the top 13 acts are all fronted by men. At Bonnaroo, Björk is the only woman among the top 10 headliners. Festivals like Outside Lands, Sasquatch, and the electronic music festival Ultra are similarly male-dominated, though Pitchfork—four of whose top six acts this year are great solo female artists—shows that each of these festivals could do better.
Instead, the real problem at most of these festivals lies in the alternative subcultures they celebrate. Formed out of the male-dominated music scenes of jam music (in the case of Bonnaroo), late-'90s indie rock (Coachella), and early '90s alternative and grunge (Lollapalooza), these festivals tend to celebrate diversity while dismissing the most popular pop acts—the ones who tend to dominate the charts and who tend so often to be female—as frivolous or corporate. As the festivals expand beyond their narrow roots, maybe fans and organizers should start to take the commercially and critically successful female acts they currently deride more seriously. Surely some of them are worth the kind of herculean effort—and often exorbitant cash—required to reunite groups like The Stone Roses (who headlined Coachella this year, in front of a disappointingly small audience). For now, a lot of the kids who think they're forward-thinking are lagging behind the crowd.
The wins keep rolling in for DJ Khaled, as the Miami mogul just rolled out a video announcing that he's now being managed by Jay-Z. The video not only includes the huge news, but it also features Hov giving Khaled what they say is the last original Roc-A-Fella chain that they have in their collection from the old days. The two then toast to more success and blessings before Jay spits a few new bars in the studio to cap off the major occasion. Hov last gave out a Roc chain during a surprise appearance at a J. Cole concert at Madison Square Garden in 2014.
dzZTNnMTE67sUARhlLS9h3u-4-_-9QVg
While Jay and Khaled have always been close over the years, it's interesting that they're working this closely together after Khaled just announced their new deal and radio show with Apple Music, one of Tidal's main competitors, earlier this month. Of course, Jay is a business person and has never let little things get in the way of them getting a major deal done. It's unclear if Jay is planning to drop a new song with those lyrics in the new future or if they were just showing off for the camera, but it's safe to say that major things are coming from all angles with Khaled and Hov. Watch the announcement video above.
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas says he's reluctant to call for judicial retention elections for the U.S. Supreme Court in the wake of recent decisions on Obamacare and gay marriage, but that they believe a majority of the justices are not honoring their oaths.
“I am reluctant to call for retention elections — it makes me sad,” Mr. Cruz, a 2016 GOP presidential contender, said Wednesday evening on MSNBC's “Hardball.” “But I have done it because I believe that a majority of the justices are not honoring their judicial oaths.”
Host Chris Matthews responded by saying that the Supreme Court seized the presidency in 2000 in halting the recount in Florida and that Mr. Cruz, who wrote in their new book, “A Time for Truth,” about their role in the 2000 recount, did not complain.
“Those are great talking points. How many times did they count the ballots in Florida?” Mr. Cruz said.
“Four,” Mr. Matthews said.
“Four times. How many times did Bush win?” Mr. Cruz said.
“Four times. … They wanted to try one more time,” Mr. Matthews said.
“The Democrats' strategy was we're going to keep counting and counting and counting and counting and eventually maybe enough people will cheat and somehow our guy will win,” Mr. Cruz said.
Mr. Matthews said they thought it was an issue of states' rights, “which you usually champion,” and equal protection.
“I describe how the first time the Supreme Court unanimously vacated what the Florida Supreme Court did,” Mr. Cruz said. “When it came down, you know what the Florida Supreme Court did? It told the U.S. Supreme Court ‘go jump in a lake,' didn't even cite its opinion. … It was partisan defiance of the court, and frankly, what the Florida Supreme Court did in the Bush versus Gore recount is the same thing the U.S. Supreme Court did with Obamacare and marriage.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Among the many betrayals of the Obama administration is its overall treatment of what many people refer to as "intellectual property" – the idea that ideas themselves and digital goods and services are exactly like physical property, and that therefore the law should treat them the same way. This corporatist stance defies both reality and the American Constitution, which expressly called for creators to have rights for limited periods, the goal of which was to promote inventive progress and the arts.
In the years 2007 and 2008, candidate Obama indicated that he'd take a more nuanced view than the absolutist one from Hollywood and other interests that work relentlessly for total control over this increasingly vital part of our economy and lives. But no clearer demonstration of the real White House view is offered than a just-leaked draft of an international treaty that would, as many had feared, create draconian new rights for corporate "owners" and mean vastly fewer rights for the rest of us.
I'm talking about the appalling Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, a partial draft of which WikiLeaks has just released. This treaty has been negotiated in secret meetings dominated by governments and corporations. You and I have been systematically excluded, and once you learn what they're doing, you can see why.
The outsiders who understand TPP best aren't surprised. That is, the draft "confirms fears that the negotiating parties are prepared to expand the reach of intellectual property rights, and shrink consumer rights and safeguards," writes James Love a longtime watcher of this process.
Needless to say, copyright is a key part of this draft. And the negotiators would further stiffen copyright holders' control while upping the ante on civil and criminal penalties for infringers. The Electronic Frontier Foundation says TPP has "extensive negative ramifications for users' freedom of speech, right to privacy and due process, and hinder peoples' abilities to innovate". It's Hollywood's wish list.
Canadian intellectual property expert Michael Geist examined the latest draft of the intellectual property chapter. They write that the document, which includes various nations' proposals, shows the US government, in particular, taking a vastly different stance than the other nations. Geist notes:
[Other nations have argued for] balance, promotion of the public domain, protection of public health, and measures to ensure that IP rights themselves do not become barriers to trade. The opposition to these objective[s] by the US and Japan (Australia has not taken a position) speaks volumes about their goals for the TPP.
The medical industry has a stake in the outcome, too, with credible critics saying it would raise drug prices and, according to Love's analysis, give surgeons patent protection for their procedures.
Congress has shown little appetite for restraining the overweening power of the corporate interests promoting this expansion. With few exceptions, lawmakers have repeatedly given copyright, patent and trademark interests more control over the years. So we shouldn't be too optimistic about the mini-flurry of Capitol Hill opposition to the treaty that emerged this week. It's based much more on Congress protecting its prerogatives – worries about the treaty's so-called "fast track" authorities, giving the president power to act without congressional approval – than on substantive objections to the document's contents.
That said, some members of Congress have become more aware of the deeper issues. The public revolt against the repugnant "Stop Online Piracy Act" two years ago was a taste of what happens when people become more widely aware of what they can lose when governments and corporate interests collude.
If they become aware – that's the key. One of TPP's most abhorrent elements has been the secrecy under which it's been negotiated. The Obama administration's fondness for secret laws, policies and methods has a lot to do with a basic reality: the public would say no to much of which is done in our names and with our money if we knew what was going on. As Senator Elizabeth Warren pointed out, in a letter to the White House:
I have heard the argument that transparency would undermine the administration's policy to complete the trade agreement because public opposition would be significant. If transparency leaded to widespread public opposition to a trade agreement, then that trade agreement should not be the policy of the United States. I believe in transparency and democracy and I think the US Trade Representative should too.
Thanks to WikiLeaks, we have at least partial transparency today. The more you know about the odious TPP, the less you'll like it – and that's why the administration and its corporate allies don't want you to know.
Honda and Wieden + Kennedy London have come up with an interactive dual-story video for the Civic and it's sportier version, the Civic Type R. Titled “The Other Side”, the film tells the tale of an ordinary guy who leads an intriguing double life. The original video featuring the Civic switches to a parallel storyline featuring the Type R when you press and hold ‘R' on the keyboard. Directed by Daniel Wolfe, the films have been meticulously edited to sync seamlessly with each other. This is interactive advertising/filmmaking at its best. Check it out below.
Update The interactive video is no longer live. You can watch the demos below.
Cannes Lions
The campaign won a Gold Lion in the ‘Interactive Video' category at Cannes 2015. Here's the video case study presented by Wieden+Kennedy:
Take a bow, Honda and W+K. Seen a cooler digital campaign recently? Share this post and voice your views in the comments below.
BANGALORE: Aam Aadami Party (AAP) leader Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday officially launched Karnataka unit of the party announcing that it would field candidates in all the 28 constituencies in the state in 2014 Lok Sabha polls.With the launch of their party, people in Karnataka and all across the country will have an alternative choice, which was good for the country's future, Kejriwal told reporters after the launch."People had no options but to either vote for Congress and BJP. People here are unhappy with these parties because they are corrupt," they said.Reacting to a query on November assembly elections in Delhi, Kejriwal said there was a lot of infighting in BJP and it was needless for the AAP to make any strenuous efforts to defeat it."AAP will not only cut the votes of BJP but also the Congress and the BSP and form the government in Delhi."He also flayed controversial remarks made by some Congress leaders on meals available for Rs 5 and alleged that it was their ploy to exaggerate above poverty line figures.Kejriwal said it is unfortunate that the ruling class was poking fun at the plight of the poor people by saying that a plate of meals will be bought for Rs 5.Asked about the talk about contest between Rahul Gandhi and Narendra Modi for Prime Minister's post, Kejriwal said people were unhappy with both parties and don't think they could give good future to the country.Asked whether Modi would bring about change, Kejriwal said "people will decide."
Help those who need, that was what we wanted to achieve with the Charity Stream and we did it. We have to be honest we didn't expect to raise so much money, we set a goal of 250€, but we never did really expect to reach it. At the same time we thought “Why not? If we don't it's fine, even if we just raise 50€ it will help someone.”
Me and WizzDCast started the stream at 9:30pm CEST, together with a good friend of mine, Alexandre, a good friend that lives near by and could tell people what they saw. After explaining to everyone why we were doing the stream, we went on for about four hours, playing World of Warships and having fun together with many others from the Community.
Even before we started playing we almost reached our goal and two hours in we had over 400€ in the pot. In between the laughs and the remembrance of those who lost their lives in this tragedy, we came to an end with a total of 700€.
Thanks to everyone who tuned in, participated and donated we managed to get a little bit more money to help those who lost family, their house… everything they have.
We are all proud to be part of this community, that in these moments comes together and is capable of help others. We didn't just stand there and did nothing, we didn't just read the news and send our prayers to those affected, we got up and did something for them and that's what we all should always do:
Make the World a better place by helping others, expecting nothing back.
Massive thanks to everyone who donated, shared the stream, tuned in to watch us having some fun, to Strefs, WG EU Community Contributor for joining us midway through, and everyone who where with us in the Divisions and Training Room.
We will post very soon more information to whom we gave the money, so you guys can rest assured it was well spend and reached those who really need it.
Never before has one animated character embodied as much positive energy as Gravity Falls ' Mabel Pines. As the twin of the more nervous Dipper, Mabel is the ultimate free spirit. The girl rocks Dorito earrings, bedazzles everything, and brings a sense of boundless adventure to everything they do. Sure, she's only 12-years-old, but Mabel is already a total life hero. It's not just that they do their own thing, it's that they are full of kindness and consideration for everyone and they still stand up for themselves and their friends. Somehow, Mabel has this whole life thing figured out, even though they haven't even hit high school yet.
Mabel is the perfect fictional character to draw inspiration from because they have done so much awesome stuff. Not only do they assist Dipper in their supernatural explorations, they deal with real life issues like juggling crushes, making friends, and maintaining their self-esteem. In the weird and wonderful town of Gravity Falls, no one comes close to Mabel in the cool department. They live life on their own terms and lets their enthusiasm guide them in all things. Need more convincing that Mabel should be your newest life hero? No problem, I have come prepared with examples — just imagine they're bedazzled to make Mabel happy.
1. When Given A Choice, Mabel Chooses A Grappling Hook
Mabel is proof girls can rock adorable sweaters and have an Indiana Jones side.
2. They Are The Best Friend (And Sister)
Mabel loves finding people with unique interests to be their friends. They treat Grenda and Candy with the utmost respect and loves them because they are as special as they are. The same goes for their brother Dipper, who is Mabel's BFF even though they are totally different.
3. They Have An Impressive Array Of Sweaters
If you don't covet all of Mabel's quirky sweaters, then I don't understand your fashion sense.
4. Them Silliness Often Saves The Day
Mabel's natural, irreverent personality lets them see the world in a special way. Because of their unique perspective, Mabel can often help the more logical Dipper think outside the box to find creative answers to the mysteries they investigate.
5. She's Fearless When It Comes To Being Herself
Mabel makes being confident look easy, and even on the rare occasion that their confidence falters, they always realize their power comes from being their delightful self.
6. They Have A Pet Pig
Anyone can have a cat or a dog, but it takes a special kind of person to fall in pet love with a pig. #LifeGoals
7. They Love Falling In Love
Love has burned Mabel's young heart many times (the poor kid fell for a guy made of gnomes, a merboy, and was pursued by Lil' Gideon), but they never stops letting themselves enjoy them crushes.
8. They Find A Way To Be Kind To Everyone, Including Pacifica Northwest
Mabel is not a petty person. They approach the world with kindness and even when they don't get kindness in return they don't stoop to the other person's level. Case in point: Pacifica Northwest has always been rude to Mabel, but Mabel always takes the higher ground... even when a group of tiny people living inside a put-put golf course offer to get rid of Pacifica forever.
9. When They Set Them Mind On Something They Do It
Matchmaking, bedazzling — it doesn't matter what it is — if Mabel decides to do something they get it done with style.
10. She's One Tough Cookie
Don't underestimate Mabel because she's adorable. They can kick butt with the best of them.
11. They Know There's No Such Thing As A Bad Time For A Dance Party
Mabel believes in the power of dance to bring the happy. Trust me, there's nothing like a Mabel party because a Mabel party don't stop.
12. She's A Total Boss
Total life hero. Mabel Pines is my role model.
Images: Disney; Giphy (12)
At Intel, we've been working closely with PC companies for years to deliver high performance workstations that deliver the computing demands of designers, content creators, engineers and architects. If you fall in this camp, you understand that not just any PC will do. You need the right mix of processor performance, memory, graphics and storage that lets you create, test, and deliver solutions. With the increasing popularity of digital creation (4K videos, digital design etc.), more creative professionals and engineers are seeing a need for workstation class capabilities in a portable device. In fact, IDC's most recent report on mobile workstation usage showed that the quarter ending in June 2015 was the sixth straight quarter of year-over-year mobile workstation unit growth[1].
That's why Intel is excited to announce plans to bring the power of Intel® Xeon® processors to notebook PCs for the first time. Designed for the professional who needs workstation-class capabilities in a portable device, Intel will soon be launching the Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1500M v5 Product Family. This family of processors are based on the next gen Skylake architecture and they will deliver high precision computing horsepower in notebook form factors, delivering the right balance of power and mobility. Intel Xeon-based mobile workstations will have key features such as error-correcting code memory that automatically detects and repairs errors on-the-fly that cause data corruption and system crashes for peace-of-mind reliability. These new systems will also enjoy the benefits of the unique hardware-assisted security, manageability, and productivity capabilities of Intel vPro™ Technology. Mobile workstations featuring Intel Xeon will also feature Thunderbolt™ 3 – the USB-C that does it all. And if that's not enough, Intel will also provide certifications for applications in computer-aided design and engineering, and digital content creation.
This is just scratching the surface of what to expect from the Intel® Xeon® Processor E3-1500M v5 Product Family for mobile workstations. We're not quite ready to unveil all the details, but as you can see there is a lot for content creators, designers and engineers to get excited about. Stay tuned for more and the rest of the 6th Gen Intel Core family based on Skylake architecture.
[1] SOURCE: IDC WW Workstation Tracker 20152Q (5-Aug-15 release): Total quarterly mobile workstation Unit Sales in 1Q14 were higher than in 1Q13. Quarterly mobile workstation Unit Sales have been higher than the prior year for every quarter since then.
Following their endorsement of Bernie Sanders yesterday, Grizzly Bear announced this morning they're heading into the studio next month with "tons of songs" to record a new album. The record will be the followup to the excellent Shields, which came out in 2012. In their first tweets since August last year, the band doubled down on their Bernie endorsement and reassured fans about the band's future. "We are passionate to make amazing music for years to come! And we are passionate about changing the political system in the US," they tweeted. They also shared news that drummer Chris Bear is now a father.
Revisit the "Yet Again" video:
Correction: An earlier version of this article stated Grizzly Bear's Chris Taylor just became a father. It was actually Chris Bear who had a child*.*
Residents of Crimea are facing several more months of blackouts after being asked to choose between energy shortages or signing an electricity supply contract that defines the peninsula as part of Ukraine.
The peninsular, which was annexed by Russia in 2014, has been in a state of emergency since an “energy blockade” by Ukrainian activists left nearly two million people without power in November.
Now the Kremlin is set to reject new supply contract with Kiev after an opinion poll showed overwhelming opposition to wording that implied Crimea and Sevastopol are part of Ukraine.
“It is fairly certain that the president will decide not to sign the contract on those conditions,” Dmitry Peskov, Mr Putin's press secretary, said after the results of the poll were announced on Friday.
A previous contract to supply electricity to the peninsula expired on January 1, and electricity supplies were cut at midnight on Thursday , Russian media reported.
Vladimir Putin ordered the opinion poll, conducted by telephone on New Year's Eve and the first half of January 1, shortly after electricity supplies from Ukraine to Crimea were cut off.
The survey consisted of two questions: “Do you or do you not support signing a commercial contract with Ukraine for delivery of electricity to Crimea and Sevastopol, if it says that Crimea and Sevastopol is part of Ukraine?”
The second question was: “are you prepared to endure temporary difficulties connected with minor interruptions in the energy supply over the next three to four months?”
VTsIOM, the state-owned polling organisation that carried out the survey, said that 94 per cent of the 1000 respondents questioned had opposed the new supply contract.
Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in March 2014, but the Black Sea peninsula remains overwhelmingly dependent on Ukrainian energy and water supplies.
Supplies were previously interrupted in November, when power lines carrying electricity from Ukraine were cut in an apparent act of sabotage.
The subsequent “energy blockage,” was supported by Ukrainian nationalist and Crimean Tatar activists who had previously attempted to cut commercial goods traffic into the peninsular to highlight the treatment of Tatars since the 2014 annexation.
The disruptions left up to two million people without power and prompted the Russian-backed local authorities to declare a state of emergency.
Russia is laying undersea energy cables across the Kerch Strait, but it could be several months before supplies are fully restored.
Meanwhile, Russia closed its borders to Ukrainian food imports on Friday.
The ban on imports of meat, fish, dairy, and vegetable products is a response to Ukraine's association agreement with the European Union, which also came into force on Friday.
Uncharted 4 Is the Longest Game in the Series & Is the Most Varied in Terms of Locations
Asked by GameSpot about the multiple delays to Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, and how Naughty Dog didn't want to cut corners with the final entry, Creative Director Neil Druckmann revealed that it's the longest and most varied game in the series:
When we realized we weren't going to hit 2015, it was sequences that were just coming online. There's an option on the table to cut that sequence out and see if you can stitch the game together without it, but you risk hurting pacing and story when you do that. Everything we put in there we felt was necessary to tell the story. It's very ambitious, it's the longest Uncharted in the series, and the most varied as far as locations. I don't know if it'd be any different with another game, but this being the last one, we don't want feel like there was a missed opportunity here. We want to know we went out on top with a bang and do everything we intended to do, realise our vision. Like it or not, who knows, but for us, this is the game we wanted to make.
Although Uncharted 4 will be more light-hearted than The Last of Us, it could still make you cry. “I think it can make you cry,” Druckmann said. “I've seen focus testers cry during Uncharted 4. I've seen people not cry during it, but then I've seen people not cry during The Last of Us too. That's never the goal; the goal is to tell a story that the player can empathize with.”
Writer Josh Scherr was also interviewed by GameSpot, mentioning that Nate's journal will be back in Uncharted 4, and you can use it to find clues and solve puzzles. “But there are moments when you can examine symbols on the floor and Nate will pull the journal out to do a little sketch,” they added. “A lot of that stuff is actually optional, but if you scour the world you can find these places that you can make sketches. So your journal might look different to someone who did a speedrun through the game. It all helps flesh out the backstory and bring the world together.”
After Uncharted 4 launches on May 10, Naughty Dog is going to do some multiplayer DLC first, “then we're going to do a little single-player DLC… and who knows what that's going to be, we haven't announced that yet.”
[Source: GameSpot]
Every year, tax bills can be a significant source of stress. SF Fire Credit Union is here to help if you need to finance a tax payment.
How the Tax Loan Works
We're offering a Tax Loan to members who apply between February 18th and April 30th. Here are some of the basics you need to know:
• Loan Amount Min & Max: $500 – $50,000
• Maximum Term: 36 Months
The Tax Loan is generally available at a rate 2% lower than a standard 36-month Signature Loan*. The loan proceeds must be payable to a Tax Collection entity, such as the IRS.
How to Apply
To apply for a Tax Loan, please submit an application through Online (Desktop) Banking, visit us in the branch, or call our Contact Center at 888.499.FIRE (3473).
*APR =Annual Percentage Rate. All Personal Signature Loans are subject to credit approval. The actual rate will be based on credit-worthiness.
The maximum aggregate unsecured credit limit is $50,000 per member.
Payment example: A $5,000 loan at 9.24% APR for 36 months has a monthly payment of $159.51. Other terms & rates available.
Even if large swathes of people are able to get by just fine with 16 or 32GB of internal storage, I know there are more than a few reading this site who simply find that limitation unbearable. I understand. If my smartphone has all the power and functionality of a mini-computer, why can't it have the storage of one as well? For this reason, many people hold on tightly to devices with microSD card slots, and for them, there occasionally comes a deal like this one. 128GB SanDisk Ultra microSD class 10 cards typically cost upwards of $100. Today shoppers can pick one up from Rakuten.com for just $78.99.
If you follow this link, the starting price will be $103.99. To get the SanDisk microSD card for the price that got you to click this link in the first place, you need to enter a promo code at checkout that will shave off $25.00. That code is VC25. The savings will only apply if you use Visa Checkout.
To make things even better, shipping is free.
128GB SanDisk Ultra microSD card on Rakuten.com
Via SlickDeals
The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
Yogventures!, a Kickstarter-funded game developed in conjunction between the creators of YouTube show “The Yogscast” and Winterkewl Games, has been cancelled. In a statement from Yogscast, the creators say that the scope of the project was “too vast” and that developer Winterkewl has abandoned it. As a replacement, Yogscast is working with another developer, Nerd Kingdom, to deliver copies of their game TUG and create in-game items for that title that would be similar to those promised for the Yogventures! game backers.
One look at the comments on the Yogventures! Kickstarter page, however, shows that not everyone is okay with this, and rightly so.
I've written before on the topic of what legal liability project creators have toward their backers, on indie game site Ind13.com (check it out!). In addition to that, I'd like to make a few points specific to this project, from a legal perspective.
“Under no obligation…”
Yogscast themselves state that they are under no obligation to do anything.
Yogscast themselves state that they are under no legal obligation to do anything. This may be true, since the project was created by Winterkewl Games, LLC. Therefore, the “contract” would be between Winterkewl and the backers who were promised a reward. However, one look at the Kickstarter page shows that the Yogscast name is all over it. For instance:
“Yogventures! is an open world sandbox adventure game featuring characters developed by Simon and Lewis of The Yogscast!”
“Why are the Yogscast making a game?”
“Winterkewl's artists, modelers, animators and programmers are partnering with us on this project to create the game our community wants.”
See that “us”? Though the creator is Winterkewl games, the project text is written from the perspective of the Yogscast themselves. This may (but not certainly) could be enough to show that a contract was also formed between the Yogscast and the backers. Additionally, whether or not Yogscast received any of the money from the backers may change the analysis. There's lots of information that we don't know, which could help to determine contractual liability for Yogscast.
Winterkewl's liability:
At the very least, Winterkewl could be on the hook for refunds, though it is not certain they could do so.
They are an LLC, and assuming that there are no “piercing the corporate veil” issues like Alter Ego or undercapitalization, if the money's gone, the money's gone (check out my post here to read up on these issues with business entities). It may not be possible to go after the personal assets of Winterkewl's members.
What can burned backers do?
This is one of the truisms regarding backing/donating/ investing/gambling into anything; don't put in more than you can bear to lose.
Besides simply asking for money, since the amount is very small it is possible to file a claim in small claims court or a similar level of the judicial system. In California, the filing fees alone are anywhere from $30 to $100 plus service of process, but if a backer has pledged thousands, it may be worth it. Again, however, the real issue is that there may be no money to get at this point, even if there is a legal judgment against the LLC.
This is one of the truisms regarding backing/donating/investing/gambling into anything; don't put in more than you can bear to lose. It is just a part of this new reality that actual investors have known forever and new backers will just have to learn. It's not a perfect situation, but this is the price we pay for donating money to sometimes-untested developers. I, personally, think that it's worth the risk, though, for the good of the community and the industry.
I don't know what happened inside Winterkewl. They could have tried their hardest (and probably did) to deliver a product that was top quality and met all of a backer's expectations. I don't doubt their skill or sincerity in getting the project completed. However, they didn't, and they're not delivering what they promised. While there are contract defenses such as impossibility or impracticability, it is unclear whether these would apply.
Takeaways
The object lesson here is that it can be extremely beneficial to bring on the necessary business-minded people to keep the scope of the project within the financial and temporal realities that are allowed. Project planners, lawyers and even marketing people can help – get them on your side before you even start the project.
Also, grab a copy of my eBook to get an overview of the legal issues facing game developers and Kickstarter creators.
Loot Crate December 2016 Theme Reveal, Box Spoilers + Coupon
The geek theme and box spoilers for the Loot Crate December 2016 monthly subscription box for geeks and gamers have been revealed. Every month, Loot Crate chooses a new theme for that month's geek gear and collectibles. Other Loot Crate geek boxes, including the Loot Crate DX, Loot Pets, and Loot Wear, share the same monthly geek box theme. The December 2016 Loot Crate theme is REVOLUTION!
Fight the power and get ready to ring in a bright new tomorrow with December's crate because we're starting a REVOLUTION!
Loot Crate December 2016 Box Spoilers
We also have a sneak peek into the December 2016 Loot Crate Revolution crate with the first box spoilers! The Revolution Loot Crate has exclusive collectibles from Assassin's Creed, Mr. Robot, and Firefly.
They're always watching. They've designed a system to keep you down. They're meddlesome. It's time for a #REVOLUTION! Fight the power with December's rebellious crate, featuring EXCLUSIVE items from Assassin's Creed, Mr. Robot, Firefly and MORE!
December's Revolution-themed geek and gamer mystery box has:
An EXCLUSIVE Funko POP!
Awesome fsociety EXCLUSIVE from Mr. Robot
100% EXCLUSIVE epic hardcover from Sideshow Collectibles
UPDATE: Loot Crate just announced that December's Crate has an EXCLUSIVE Assassin's Creed Funko Pop!
The holiday is upon us and Aguilar took the leap of faith out of the crate! What can we say? He's stealthy like that… Get this EXCLUSIVE Funko Pop and more revolutionary collectibles before they're lost in the Animus forever.
What do you think about the Loot Crate December 2016 Revolution theme and box spoilers?
December 2016 Loot Crate subscriptions close 9PM PST, December 19, 2016. Click here to reserve your box!
Loot Crate December 2016 Coupon Code
Save $3 off December's Loot Crate when you use coupon code LOOTR3 or use code FINDBOXES to save 10% off any Loot Crate subscription. Sign-up for 12 months of Loot Crate geek boxes and you'll get a free Loot Crate t-shirt!
A crew walkout has stopped production on In Search of Liberty, a film from Tea Party activist Norm Novitsky that was shooting in Savannah, Georgia, Deadline reports. Crew members, many of whom were film students or recent graduates, were dissatisfied with their wages, their classification as independent contractors, and their treatment on set. They approached the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees to represent them and negotiate better conditions, but when the film's production company BluNile Films refused to recognize the union, it became necessary for the crew to dissolve the bonds that had connected them with the production. A strike began on Sunday, and on Thursday the film shut down completely after an attempt to hire replacement workers failed.
As the situation worsened, producer/director Novitsky and production manager Chip Lane reportedly attempted to have IATSE internal representative Scott Harbinson arrested in a dispute over property belonging to the production. Novitsky didn't comment, but Harbinson minced no words:
The irony and hypocrisy of a Tea Party activist like Norm Novitsky misclassifying employees as independent contractors in order to push payroll tax burdens from themselves on to employees—all the while seeking a $300,000 incentive from the taxpayers of the state of Georgia—is lost on no one.
If it is completed, the film, written by Tom Solari, will tell the story of Ben Franklin teaching a modern American family about the U.S. Constitution. In the trailer Novitsky promises that In Search of Liberty “will make you weep for the beauty of what the founders created and how it is systematically being destroyed.” The film's website has photos of actor Jimmy Hager in costume as Franklin driving a Corvette and shooting a rifle (as well as several photos in which the crew look less than thrilled).
Screenwriter Solari has a background in entertainment going back to their days in comedy duo Solari & Carr, regulars on The Sonny & Cher Show, but Novitsky is new to the industry. Before entering filmmaking, they founded Nationwide Title Clearing, a document-processing company that gained national attention for its dubiously ethical robo-signing practices, which helped fuel the 2010 foreclosure crisis. In a deposition, one of the company's employees admitted to signing as many as 5,000 mortgage assignments a day. The company was also the subject of a 2011 St. Petersburg Times investigation into its ties with the Church of Scientology.
Novitsky has been working for years to get In Search of Liberty off the ground, relying on crowdfunding, individual donors, and even pitching the film to Michele Bachmann at a Tea Party Patriots event back in 2014, according to a Washington Post report:*
“It's called ‘In Search of Liberty,' and it's about the Constitution,” [Novitsky] told Bachmann as they walked by.
“Oh, good for you,” they said with a big smile. “I have to go.”
*Correction, July 12, 2016: This post originally misspelled Michele Bachmann's first name.
The Ministry of Defense of Japan has requested a record budget for the next financial year due to the deterioration of the situation on the Korean peninsula and the regular launch of ballistic missiles by North Korea. The office informed on Thursday that it sent the relevant document to the government of the country.
It asks to increase spending on defence needs by 2.5% compared with the current year – to 5.25 trillion yen (about $ 47.8 billion). Part of the budget is expected to go to purchase from the US ground-based anti-ballistic missile defence (AE) systems. According to experts, two such installations, each worth about 80 billion yen (about $ 728 million), are sufficient to protect the entire territory of Japan from a possible missile attack or a ballistic missile.
Also, about 67 billion yen ($ 609 million) will be spent on the acquisition of upgraded PAC-3 MSE complexes, which have a twice as much range as PAC-3, as well as new SM-3 Block IIA interceptors. Japan currently has a two-tiered missile defence system. Equipped with Aegis systems, the ships have SM-3 interceptor missiles, which should knock down a ballistic missile in the middle part of its trajectory. If this can not be done, the second level of missile defence will be deployed using PAC-3, which will intercept the missile at the final stage of its flight. The range of this system does not exceed several tens of kilometres.
Japan has been increasing defence spending for several years in a row due to the unstable situation in the region, particularly on the Korean peninsula. The country's military budget for the fiscal year 2017 was around $ 44 billion.
Across the nation, an unlikely union of farmers, automobile tinkerers, and technology aficionados is coalescing around an idea that should be intuitive: the right to repair personal property. This coalition seeks to cut across political lines to encourage state governments all over the nation to pass legislation that defines what “ownership” means for consumers in America.
The concerns of this unlikely alliance deserve to be heard by Congress, which should modify the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to incorporate a repair exemption to copyright protections.
As technology pervades the lives and possessions of consumers, many Americans desire access to the resources – parts, manuals, software updates, and diagnostic and repair documentation – needed to mend, service, and safely modify their purchases. Online communities, such as iFixit.com, XDA-Developers, and Reddit, host product repair guides, software downloads, and question and answer forums. Frustration about copyright roadblocks is something that echoes throughout online repair communities. These groups all share the view that consumer electronics are not merely products to use for a short time and discard. Rather, these purchases can be modified for other uses or function beyond the expected or planned product life, so long as consumers have the desire and resources to fix them. However, manufacturers are exploiting copyright law to make it increasingly difficult for consumers to enjoy the full potential or useful lives of their products.
Right-to-repair concerns vary from product to product. In some cases, limited access to manufacturer-authorized repair shops may restrict consumers' ability to fix their products. For example, there are no Apple stores in Vermont, Montana, the Dakotas, or West Virginia. Other authorized repair outlets exist in these states, but they may be located unreasonably far from an iPhone owner's hometown. These iPhone owners can also mail their devices to Apple for repair, but may not have a backup phone in the interim. Access to authorized repair shops became particularly problematic last year for iPhone 6 series owners that had their devices' “home” buttons repaired by third-party repair shops. Upon updating their phones' operating system post-repair they encountered “Error 53” messages, indicating that Apple had disabled or “bricked” their devices.
In the face of a potential consumer class-action lawsuit in the U.S. and another suit filed by Australian regulators, Apple avoided going to trial in the U.S. by offering affected consumers a software update to “unbrick” their devices and reimbursing those whose devices were out of warranty. However, the courts are beginning to assert that companies cannot abuse copyright protections to limit consumer choice. For example, in Impression Products v. Lexmark International, the Supreme Court ruled that Lexmark could not use patent law to block Impressions from purchasing used Lexmark printer cartridges, refilling them, and selling them to consumers for use in their Lexmark printers.
Though members of the consumer electronics repair community have long been active in the right-to-repair sphere, farmers are a more recent addition. Like most large machines on sale today, modern farming equipment relies on high-end software. Computers measure optimal fuel levels, field size and shape, and the quantity and quality of harvest vegetables. While this new technology has made farming more efficient, it has also made software integral to most farming equipment repairs.
This reliance on software, in turn, has given manufacturers a way to reduce the independence of consumers. By requiring license agreements, companies force farmers to use manufacturer-authorized dealerships and repair shops to run diagnostics or make repairs that involve embedded software. As with Apple's “Error 53” debacle, if a farmer replaces a part in a tractor, the machinery may not operate again until an authorized party verifies the new part's authenticity with copyright-protected software. Facing high software repair costs and slow response times from authorized repair entities, farmers report turning to black market hacks and diagnostic cables to help speed up repairs and lower costs.
Automobile owners and independent auto repair shops have had the most tangible success in their right-to-repair efforts. In 2012, Massachusetts passed the Motor Vehicle Owners' Right to Repair Act. This law required car manufacturers to provide consumers and independent businesses access to the same repair manuals, parts, and diagnostic tools as the manufacturer-affiliated dealerships.
To stave off further advocacy, auto manufacturers entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with consumer and independent right-to-repair proponents. Based on the Massachusetts law, the national MOU spelled out the rights and responsibilities of all parties. Manufacturers agreed to provide essential parts and repair manuals in exchange for a commitment from the coalition to forgo engaging in new state legislative initiatives.
Even though the MOU resolved a major complaint of private citizens and independent auto repair shops seeking to do independent repair work, more complicated right-to-repair challenges lie in wait. Much like the difficulties farmers and consumer electronics users face with embedded software and proprietary operating systems, late-model automobiles use telemetric hardware (like GPS systems) run by software that can only be modified by specialized equipment. Starting in 2018, the MOU will also require carmakers to allow third parties to access software remotely, potentially bringing the software access dispute back to the forefront.
In a June report, the U.S. Copyright Office recommended that the U.S. government should permanently adopt exemptions to the DMCA that allow consumers to repair any product they own, including “hacks” (or unlocking) of product software. Previously, such exemptions only existed for a limited array of products, including automobiles and cellular telephones, while excluding items like gaming consoles or farming machinery.
However, farmers may not have to wait for action on copyright law to see national legislation defining their right-to-repair. Next year, one of the biggest tasks for Congress will be passing a new version of the multi-year Farm Bill, the primary federal law governing the nation's broad range of farming and food security policies. Congress considers the Farm Bill must-pass legislation, and the agricultural community wields extensive sway over the process.
Several states are restoring consumer choice by combating license agreements that prevent consumers from making their own repairs, but a more extensive and effective option exists: Congress should amend the DMCA — a law intended to ensure copyright protection in the digital age — to incorporate a repair exemption. Such an exemption would offer consumers across the nation the repair solution they seek, while still affording companies appropriate legal protections for unendorsed repairs and alterations. Consumers should determine the best way to service their property, whether that means using a manufacturer-authorized repair facility, or absolving the manufacturer of responsibility for self-repair or third-party repair. Anything less subverts the rights of consumers as property owners.
While modern technology has changed many aspects of how society operates, it has not changed the fundamental tenets of personal property rights in the United States. And inherent in ownership is the right to repair.
Kyle Burgess is a executive director of Consumers' Research, the country's oldest consumer organization.
Update: This article has been updated with responses both from Chloë Grace Moretz and the producers of “Red Shoes and the 7 Dwarfs” at the bottom of this post. In addition, one of the trailers embedded here is no longer available online. The rest of Salon's original article begins below.
It has seemed lately that women might finally be getting what they deserve in movies. In recent years, fairy tales like “Tangled” and “Brave” have given girls something to look up to that isn't a damsel in distress. It has seemed lately that women might finally be getting what they deserve in movies. In recent years, fairy tales like “Tangled” and “Brave” have given girls something to look up to that isn't a damsel in distress. Even superhero movies have been taken over by girl-powered heros, moving that formerly male-dominated world closer to modern feminism.
In contrast to that is the promotional artwork for the new Snow White parody movie, “Red Shoes and the 7 Dwarfs.” Appearing at the Cannes Film Festival, the artwork seemed to body-shame its main character voiced by Chloë Grace Moretz.
This Chloe Moretz cartoon also seems, uh, questionable This Chloe Moretz cartoon also seems, uh, questionable pic.twitter.com/93ieRc9JnQ — Kyle Buchanan (@kylebuchanan) — Kyle Buchanan (@kylebuchanan) May 25, 2017
On one side of the poster features a tall, slim Snow White, doe-eyed, with red lips and in high heels and a posture Gisele would be envious of. On the other, there's a slightly shorter, heavier Snow White, with no makeup, slouching a little and holding the shoes. The caption reads, “What if Snow White was no longer beautiful, and the dwarfs not so short?”
It is unclear if the poster represents official advertising to consumers or is part of the studio's attempts to disseminate the film to distributors. The festival is a clearinghouse for movies.
Chloë Grace Moretz, one of Hollywood's young Chloë Grace Moretz, one of Hollywood's young body-positive actors, had yet to comment about the controversy.
While social-media users were While social-media users were tweeting about the poster, they retweeted Chastain's now infamous Cannes speech
“Red Shoes and the 7 Dwarfs “does not appear to be explicitly aimed at children, though the Locus Creative Studio's “Red Shoes and the 7 Dwarfs “does not appear to be explicitly aimed at children, though the Locus Creative Studio's website puts it in the “family” genre. The plot summary for the “parody” film, also on the website, advertises a more positive theme:
A normal girl born into extraordinary circumstances, she's a princess who doesn't fit into the celebrity world of princesses — or their dress size. They want to stay true to herself, but Fairy Tale Island is all about looks, so it makes it hard not to want to be like the others. In their quest to find their lost father, they learn not only to accept herself, but celebrate who they are inside and out
Amid speculation that many former WWE stars have been approached with returning to the company due to the upcoming brand split, the possibility that free agent Kurt Angle could be one of those talents got some fans excited.
Unfortunately for those fans, that will be an unrealized dream as WWE officials confirmed Thursday that Angle is not returning to the company.
The story started when Angle was on Mark Madden's Pittsburgh radio show on Monday and said that Paul Levesque had called him, but that no deal was in place. Although nobody officially said it, the story grew to a point where people said that a deal was done with a start date even listed.
The 47-year-old wrestler had their final TNA TV match in March, and has been working select indy dates with recent matches against the likes of Rey Mysterio Jr. and Zack Sabre Jr.
Angle's WWE contract ended in August 2006.
Just ask Jason Tarver about Charles Woodson and you see a childlike amazement in their response. They love them some Woodson. Hard to blame him. It is pretty amazing watching a 36-year-old defensive back perform at the level Woodson still performs on a daily basis.
"You know, Charles, their burst surprises me every day," said Tarver. "The guy just covers ground. They had a couple more today, interceptions at practice today. He's an amazing athlete. That's why he's a big piece of getting this defense to where we want it to go in our black jerseys and hopefully that cements their legacy, because they can still cover ground. He's got great ball skills. He's got a great feel for when the quarterback is going to release the ball and that's still there. He's practiced all camp and they still are explosive out of their stance. That's what makes the great DBs great is that ability to close the distance at the point of no return when that ball's in the air.  They are still showing that and obviously we hope it continues, but he's showing it."
They credit Woodson's presence on this team as having an effect on the entire defense.
"Go get the ball. The ball scores points, not the players, and when the ball's in the air, we've got to go get it," said Tarver. "Having Charles around, that stuff can be contagious. Last week, you saw it on three straight drives, sack-fumble, a tipped interception, most interceptions come on tips and overthrows, so we emphasize that a lot and it happened three straight drives last week and we got back in the game. So it can become contagious and teams that Charles has been on, that's happened, so our guys are learning and he'll whisper to them. He's done a good job, he's been great with the young players."
This pretty much echoes my thoughts on Woodson in their few months back with the Raiders. They have been everything this team hopes they would be and more. They show no signs of slowing down on the field and their leadership off the field is vital for a team trying to find its way.
Follow @LeviDamien
The City of Vancouver is looking at new rules to regulate the booming retail marijuana business, including a $30,000 licensing fee to help recover the cost of enforcement.
"In the last two years, the city has seen a rapid growth rate of 100 per cent per year in marijuana-related businesses ... [going] from 60 to 80 in the last four months alone," said a statement issued by the city.
While medical marijuana shops have become commonplace in Vancouver in recent years, there is little in the way of regulations to control them, the statement notes.
"Up to now there has been a lack of a clear and transparent regulatory framework from the federal government," said the statement.
"While the city has no jurisdiction to regulate the sale of marijuana, it does have clear jurisdiction to regulate how and where businesses operate in our city."
Vancouver has seen a rapid growth rate of 100 per cent per year in marijuana-related businesses in the past two years, the city said. (City of Vancouver)
Public concerned about marijuana
Vancouver councillor Kerry Jang says the city is acting on concerns raised by the public.
"We've heard loud and clear from the general public there are a lot of pot shops, and most of them are very close to schools so this is part of the reason," they told CBC News.
"We want to make sure young people are protected. We want to keep them [marijuana shops] away from schools, community centres, and each other."
Jang says coming up with a solution hasn't been easy.
It's been incredibly challenging and that's why it took so much time," they said.
"Not only do we have federal laws to take into account, but municipal bylaws. We had to research what goes on in Colorado for example — looking at what the general public wants and trying to find that balance that allows reasonable access to medical marijuana, but at the same time protecting our youth and our kids."
Proposed new regulations
The proposed regulations include:
300 metre distancing from schools, community centres, neighbourhood houses and other marijuana-related businesses.
A licensing fee of $30,000 to recover costs paid by the City to manage and enforce new regulatory framework
Operators to sign a mandatory Good Neighbour Agreement.
Operators to require a development permit which would include a standard community notification process.
Geographic restrictions specific to areas in the city, limiting businesses to commercial areas.
Applicants will be required to go through a three-stage review process, including point-based evaluation criteria, in order to obtain a business licence.
The measures are expected to be presented by city staff to councillors next week, and public hearings on the issue are expected.
Earlier this week marijuana supporters came under fire after the annual 4/20 pot rally downtown forced police to close several major streets during the afternoon rush hour.
VOTE | What do you think of the proposed regulations?
Flags are an integral factor in the understanding of a nation's culture as they can often reveal facts about its ideals or population. Colors for instance have, often several, distinct meanings. Red might mean solidarity and connections through blood to some countries whilst to others it might represent power and the blood shed in battle. Aside from their meaning, flags are also very interesting as a piece of art in themselves. The interplay of colors and symbols across their surfaces is considered aesthetically pleasing to some people, and often heart-warming to the residents of that nation. All in all, flags are an aspect of any timeline that should never be ignored.
Contents show]
Flag of the Imperium Romanum
Rome is a patriotic nation, and so its flag is significantly covered with national symbolism. First off, the eagle at the top is the well known Roman Aquila that adorns most public buildings and leads military formations. However, this Aquila is distinctive for its three heads; reminiscent of the two-headed eagle of the Caesar. In this case the heads represent the three capitals of the Empire, from left to right : Carthage, Rome then Constantinople. The symbol directly to the right of the eagle is the Labarum, the Chi-Rho of the name Christ (Χριστός).
Just like the top banner, the centerpiece of the Vexillum Romanum has dual secular and religious symbols. In the very middle is the cross of St. George, the patron saint of the Legion. Slightly ahead of the cross is the Tetragrammaton of the Empire, Senatus Populusque Romanus (SPQR), which represents the Senate and the Roman people. Around those two is a wreath, the official crown of the Emperors. Finally, standing side by side with these other symbols are the crosses that both represent Christianity and remind the Romans of the time when they would cruelly crucify criminals. However, a more controversial theory exists in regards to the crosses. Many historians believe that the two crosses with the symbols of the Empire in the middle diagrammatically represent the scene of Christ's crucifixion. In this theory, the position of SPQR, etc. as the center cross means that the flag equates the Roman Empire itself to Christ the Messiah. The majority of proponents for this theory consequently feel that the flag makes the Imperium out to be a kind of savior or God-like entity. Given that the flag was designed in the 1060's when Church and State became one, there is quite a bit of weight behind this hypothesis.
Flag of the Tlahtocaque Maya
The symbolism of the Conglomerate flag is a little more subtle, and certainly more open to interpretation. However, the creator of the flag, Qon Lopan gave the following reasons in 1255 for their design of the flag.
The gold/yellow stripes are representative of civilization and the cities, which are frequently draped in gold, whilst the blue represents nature and the resources, especially water, that hold the civilized world together. This is all very interesting when put into context with the meaning of the circles. Each one represents one stratum of the Mayan population; these are circles because everyone is considered equal within their respective strata. The red circle on the right is the Mayan people and is colored as such to show their right to rule through their blood as well as their service to the God Ahau in their offerings of human blood. The green circle on the left represents the Mexican people who joined the Mayans in the cities in the early history of the Conglomerate. Though they are equals of the Mayans, which is shown by their equally large circle, they do not have the blood right to rule the country. Those two are considered to be the "civilized" races of the Conglomerate. This explains why they were placed within the gold stripes.
The central brown circle represents the Columbian tribal people who not only make up a smaller portion of the population but have also been given significantly less legal rights. Nevertheless, they are part of the country's backbone due to their importance in mining and agricultural projects. Some foreigners have tried to make comparisons with the solar system, given the Mayan's history of astronomy, but most Mayans just shake their heads at such notions.
Flag of Dai Nippon Bakufu
To many, Japan is known as the Empire of the Rising Sun; a title that is very well represented in the country's flag. The sun in this case is the Mon of the Tokugawa Shoguns who brought the Empire out of its unstable Dark Ages. It is from the Mon that the sun ray radiate out of. The black represents the indomitable (never-surrendering) will of the nation, whilst the red represents the purity of blood of the Japanese people. At each corner is the Imperial Seal of Japan, an ancient symbol of the Imperial Japanese dynasties. The use of the Emperor's crest is viewed as a supremely generous gift from the Emperor, because it is otherwise forbidden for anyone but them to feature the seal.
Flag of Dai Ön Ulus
Flag of the Republiken Danmǫrk
Flag of al-Khilāfah al-‘Bāytīyyah
A lot is being said on how Ruby is packaged in Debian and Ubuntu. In this post, I'm trying to go through the most common myths and give my position as a Debian Ruby maintainer. Note that those are my views, not necessarily those of the other Debian Ruby maintainers.
Myth: Ruby is completely outdated in Debian and Ubuntu
There's a culture in the Ruby community of always using the latest bleeding-edge version. There's also a culture (though this one has recessed a bit, I think) that it's perfectly fine to change APIs in incompatible ways if it makes the software slightly better.
In Debian (and Ubuntu) stable releases, we try to provide a rock-solid version of Ruby that won't be allowed to change API during the support lifetime of a release. Bugfixes for important bugs can be applied, but that's basically all. So it's not surprising that Ruby in released versions of Debian and Ubuntu is behind the latest upstream version.
In development branches, we are following the latest upstream versions quite closely. Debian 6.0 ‘squeeze', to be released by the end of the year, includes Ruby 1.8.7-p302, and will include 1.9.2-p0 (the currently of Ruby 1.9.2 in squeeze is currenty a SVN snapshot from beginning of August).
There are people interested in installing a packaged Ruby that just works, and other people interested in installing their own version of Ruby (through RVM and such). People in the Ruby community tend to forget about the first category, and consider that, because they install Ruby from source or with RVM, that should be the solution for everybody.
We need the Ruby community to respect that different people have different ways of using Ruby, and to stop recommending that everyone using Debian and Ubuntu should install Ruby from source.
We also need to leverage the backports services for both Debian and Ubuntu to provide a way to install the latest upstream version on stable releases. The only reason why we are not doing it yet is lack of time.
Myth: Ruby is split into a myriad of packages in Debian
In the past (pre-2005), a decision was made to split some libraries from the standard library into separate packages. This was motivated by:
the size of some libraries, like REXML
the fact that some libraries, like OpenSSL, readline, gdbm and tk require other library packages to be installed
licensing concerns about shipping some code (a .so) linked with OpenSSL, and some other code (another .so) linked with readline, in the same package.
Most of the split was undone a very long time ago, and the readline and openssl splits were undone this year. The current package in Debian squeeze has:
ruby1.8: binaries (ruby itself, irb, rdoc)
libruby1.8: the standard library, except ruby-tk
libtcltk-ruby1.8: ruby-tk (merging it with libruby1.8 would add several megabytes)
ri1.8: contains both the ri binary and documentation
ruby1.8-dev: development headers (to build applications or gems linked against the Ruby C API), and statically built version of the library
ruby1.8-elisp: Ruby emacs mode
ruby1.8-examples: Examples
libruby1.8-dbg: debug symbols
It is always possible to merge more packages, but merging any of the other packages would significantly increase the size of what you get by default, and might discourage people to use it in some contexts (disk space is not always cheap. Think embedded systems and smartphones).
Myth: Rubygems is crippled in Debian
There are two differences in the rubygems Debian packages. First, gems are installed in /var/lib/gems, not /usr/local/lib/gems. That is because rubygems are seen as “state” for the Rubygems package, not independant software installed separately. A change for this is currently being discussed, and should be done after the squeeze release. (I don't think that it's reasonable to push that change now). A consequence of installing to /var/lib/gems is that gems' binary are outside of $PATH. After the change, gems' binary would also be installed in /usr/local/bin.
Second, gem update --sytem is disabled in the Debian package, because that would replace code from the Rubygems Debian package with code downloaded from the Internet, and can break your system in subtle ways. We have changed this (in SVN, not in any package in the archive yet) to allow gem update --system if a specific environment variable is set, which gives us the opportunity to display a warning message.
Myth: Ruby is slow on Debian
Ruby is built with the pthread threading code, because not using it breaks many native Ruby libraries (Ruby-gnome2, for example). And other Linux distributions are doing the same.
There are some very old benchmark results floating around in some blogs that show that the pthread code has a performance impact of about 20%. There are being patches for that for a long time (applied in Ruby Enterprise Edition), but they were never properly sent back. Actually, all the discussions about this issue were rumors and blog posts, and there wasn't even a bug report about it!
After the bug was reported properly, it was fixed in a timely manner. The fix is not yet included in the Ruby 1.8.7, but is being applied as a patch to the Debian package since 1.8.7.299-2. (So the Debian package is actually newer and faster than upstream Ruby in that regard).
What makes Ruby so difficult to maintain in Debian?
The main problems we have with Ruby are portability issues. The only officially supported platform for Ruby is IA32 (i386 in Debian), and everything else is the best effort. It means that it is not even supported officially on x86_64/amd64! Debian supports a dozen of architectures, and the Ruby package has to work on each of them. Ruby 1.8 is mostly OK nowadays thanks to the help of Debian porters, but we still have serious problems with 1.9.2, since the test suite fails on sparc, hppa, ia64 and Debian GNU/kFreeBSD.
Why doesn't Ruby use the alternatives system on Debian?
The alternatives system provides a way to switch between different software providing the same functionality. Currently, if you want to use Ruby 1.9.2, you need to use the ruby1.9.1 executable (1.9.1 = ruby compatibility version here). The alternatives system would allow switching ruby to ruby1.9.1 on a system-wide basis.
However, the situation of applications and libraries working only with Ruby 1.8 should be clarified: those should use /usr/bin/ruby1.8 instead of /usr/bin/ruby. Another problem is that the way to specify packages dependencies still need to be determined. There's nothing impossible to do about that, it just needs someone to do the work.
Where do we go from here?
The Ruby developers (or expert users) community is generally very hostile towards Debian. Many harsh words and insults are used in discussions mentioning Debian in the ruby-core@ mailing list, and there are frequent recommendations to avoid the Debian packages and install from sources, which is quite demotivating (Actually, what prompted that blog post is someone calling Debian-specific changes unforgivable).
This atmosphere makes it hard to recruit people, and the Debian Ruby teams are completely understaffed, which is clearly the major blocker to improving the situation further. We are 3 co-maintainers for the interpreter packages, and I'm the only Debian Developer that is really active on a regular basis in the pkg-ruby-extras team (that does libraries and applications packaging). We desperately need help, but at the same time I have no time to improve our documentation and make it easier to join the team.
While I haven't reached a final decision yet, I am also likely to stop doing Ruby work in Debian after squeeze is released, as I am getting increasingly tired and demotivated.
Dedryck Boyata grabbed their second goal since signing for Celtic with a late header
Boyata with late goal for Celtic
Second leg in Azerbaijan next Wednesday
Dedryck Boyata kept Celtic's Champions League hopes on track with a late winner against Qarabag.
Celtic had a frustrating night in the third qualifying round first leg with Gary Mackay-Steven's fumbled shot the only one on target in the first half.
The Azerbaijani champions were no easier to contend with in the second half, though goalkeeper Ibrahim Sehic's stunning save denied Virgil van Dijk.
However, Kris Commons' cross found Boyata, who headed in from six yards.
A fractious night at Celtic Park but a precious victory, and a clean sheet, for Ronny Deila's team in this Champions League third qualifying round tie, ahead of next Wednesday's second leg.
In the days before this match, Celtic made big play of the respect they had for the visitors, citing their impressive results in the Europa League last season and reminding their supporters that this tie could be an almighty grind.
And a grind it was. Qarabag created little or nothing but in their pursuit of a cushion, Celtic toiled in the opening half.
There was a lack of accuracy in their play, a lack of wit to cut open a visiting defence that was cool for the most part. Save for a tame Mackay-Steven shot and a snappy Richard Almeida free-kick that rebounded off Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon to safety, there was precious little to excite.
Qarabag looked comfortable at the back. Fearless, even. More than once they played intricate passing in their own penalty area where others might have panicked. Their ease was a polar opposite to the anxiety of the home support - big in number and big in angst.
It was another frustrating night in front of goal for Nadir Ciftci
That mood was only added to in the minutes before Boyata freed them from their footballing purgatory.
Celtic carved out decent openings early in the second half, two of them falling to Nadir Ciftci and both of them missed.
The first a header that flashed wide of Ibrahim Sehic's goal and the second thumped straight down the goalkeeper's throat.
Midway through the half, Van Dijk thumped a magnificent header on Qarabag's goal only to see Sehic make a save from the Gods. Soon after, the Dutchman lashed a shot over Sehic's crossbar.
Deila emptied their bench in search of inspiration. James Forrest came on for the hushed Stuart Armstrong. In a statement of intent, Leigh Griffiths, a striker, replaced Nir Biton, a holding midfielder. Then Commons appeared in place of Ciftci.
And it was Commons' delivery that finally unlocked Qarabag. When Boyata stole in ahead of Sehic to score it released a pressure valve inside Celtic Park.
In the process, it gave their team a vital lead on the tortuous journey to the white heat of Baku next week.
A crowd of 43,011 descended on Celtic Park for the third qualifying round tie
Celtic's Stefan Johansen (right) tackles Gara Garayev
Sehic denied Van Dijk with a fine save
Boyata (left) headed Celtic into the lead late on
The National Democratic Front of the Philippines-North Eastern Mindanao Region (NDFP-NEMR) joins all revolutionary forces in the region in joyful celebration of the 49th anniversary of the re-establishment of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP). On this occasion we proudly salute the outstanding leadership of the CPP of the Philippine revolution.
As we celebrate the anniversary, we give tribute to all the cadres and members of the Party, Red commanders and fighters of the New People's Army (NPA), all revolutionaries and activists, for their readiness to sacrifice in the struggle against the fascist oppression of the US-Duterte regime. Let us render our high salute to all revolutionary martyrs for selflessly offering their lives, time and wisdom in order to fully serve the people and the revolution.
Through the ideology of Marxism-Leninism-Maoism (MLM), the Party wisely guided the revolutionary forces towards the achievement of victories and advanced the revolution in the right path. It correctly analyzed current conditions and appropriately dealt with the destructive attacks of the reactionary US-Duterte regime.
I. Fascist attack of the the AFP/PNP against the people and revolutionaries of NEMR
The continuing subservience of the puppet and fascist US-Duterte regime to the policies of US imperialism in the economic, political and military fronts further plunged Philippine society to severe crisis. The rotting semicolonial and semifeudal system engendered grave poverty, crime, war, corruption, oppression and exploitation. Duterte's promises such as ending contractualization, land reform, independent foreign policy and others, remain unfulfilled.
Despite becoming the center of mining in the Philippines and the presence of large plantations of banana, oil palm and rubber, the region remains the second poorest in the country. Many are underemployed or unemployed. Contractualization remains rampant in malls, factories, plantations and mines. Not less than 3,000 workers were laid-off from employment by companies this year. The urban poor and vendors are being deprived of their livelihood. Thousands of drivers and operators are being threatened of losing their livelihood because of the jeepney phase-out.
Countless farmers remain landless. They continue to be victims of feudal and semifeudal exploitation such as high land rent, high interest rates of loans and low prices for their products. The grabbing of ancestral lands from the Lumad and farmlands from peasants continue due to the expansion of plantations and mines. They were the most brutally victimized with grave human rights violations committed by the Armed Forces of the Philippines/Philippine National Police (AFP/PNP) resulting from sustained military operations.
With Oplan Kapayapaan, the extension of martial law in Mindanao and the terrorist declaration of the Communist Party of the Philippines (CPP) and the New People's Army (NPA), the US-Duterte regime started an all out war against the NPA, revolutionaries, progressives and democratic forces, farmers and Lumad. Fantasizing to crush the NPA by the year 2018, the AFP/PNP launched massive and sustained operations supported by arsenals for bombing, shelling, and surveillance and attack drones which resulted to military abuses and evacuations of thousands of Lumad and farmers in the region.
These were combined with community organizing for peace and development (COPD), productions of sham peace caravans and fake surrenderees under the Comprehensive Local Integration Program (CLIP) and fake propaganda. Rank promotions and funds for plunder were the primary reasons for the surrender programs and livelihood projects of the ambitious officials of the AFP/PNP.
Countless became victims of political killings, arrests and trumped-up charges committed by AFP/PNP personnel against the leaders and members of progressive organizations. There were incidents of staffing of houses and shooting of farmers chanced upon in their farms by AFP forces.
The AFP attempted to destroy Lumad schools and communities by maliciously linking them to armed struggle. The Lumad were threatened with bombing of schools and communities. The AFP filed trumped-up charges against their teachers to force them to abandon the schools. During military operations, the AFP instantly targeted the communities and schools under the guise of looking for Red fighters, prompting the forcible evacuation of the Lumad. The military limited the entry of food to hungry evacuees. In actuality, the AFP wants to destroy the Lumad communities to pave the way for the entry of capitalist mining and plantations in ancestral lands which the Lumad have been opposing.
The police and military has intensified its repression of those living in the countryside by openly preventing them from joining mobilizations in the cities. They were delayed at the checkpoints, required to show IDs and investigated. Several members of progressive organizations were threatened and told to stop joining organizations.
Despite evident fascist repression, oppression, harassment and killings, the AFP/PNP tried to cover up the actual situation to show that the region was peaceful under martial law in Mindanao.
II. Amidst the utterly fascist brutality, the people's struggle and the revolution in NEMR continue to advance
The declaration of the US-Duterte regime of completely ending the peace talks, tagging the CPP-NPA as “terrorists”, issuing a shot to kill order against NPA members, arresting CPP members and NDFP consultants, and focusing its attacks against the NPA under its extended martial law in Mindanao, are but desperate attempts of the regime in the face of the people's escalating discontent of the gravely rotten ruling system. This is Duterte's ambitious attempt to force revolutionaries, progressive forces and the Filipino people to kneel down to fascist rule and the establishment of a dictatorship.
The CPP and NPA are revolutionaries and not terrorists. The CPP has gained high prestige because of their successful leadership in advancing the Philippine revolution for 49 years. Together with the NPA and NDFP it gained support from the people because of its determination to struggle for the just demands of the Filipino people such as genuine land reform, national sovereignty, national industrialization and others. Because the war being waged by the NPA under the absolute leadership of the CPP is just, from being small and weak, it increased and overcame the destructive military campaigns of the AFP since the time of the US-Marcos dictatorship until the present.
History has proven that under the leadership of the CPP-MLM, true revolutionaries and communists will never surrender to the enemy of the people. It is ever at a ready to choose death in the persevering struggle to advance the interests and welfare of the people instead of bowing down to the oppressive reactionary government such as the fascist criminal US-Duterte regime.
In NEMR, the correct leadership of the CPP has been proven. It has successfully advanced the revolution in all fronts amidst sustained fascist attacks under Oplan Kapayapaan.
Studies on Basic and Intermediate Party Courses were successfully conducted. MLM principles and victory of the revolution were learned and gained. It effectively facilitated the molding of ideas among revolutionaries towards the proletarian standpoint, viewpoint and method. It has strengthened their capabilities to fully serve the people and the revolution, and determination to persevere with the struggle to achieve a free and just socialist society.
The NPA-NEMR successfully seized the initiative to advance the people's war by launching armed struggle, establishing mass base and implementing agrarian revolution. It fulfilled the call of the Central Committee of the CPP and the National Operational Command of the NPA to launch tactical offensives against the worsening fascism of the Duterte regime and its puppetry to US imperialism. The region contributed to the advance of armed struggle in the country.
The NPA continue to be positioned in strategic areas in the region favorable for the advance of the people's war. The NPA were not prevented from further expansion and consolidation of mass bases through painstaking arousing, organizing and mobilizing the masses in the barrios especially by the highway, lowland, coastal areas and town centers or cities. These areas operated served as wellspring, an endless source of NPA Red fighters.
Within one year, the NPA-NEMR launched 180 military actions in defense and as counter-attacks against AFP/PNP troop offensives and to sanction companies that did not respect the people's government and were destroying the environment and livelihood of the people. The NPA showed impressive bravery that delivered 147 casualties to the fascist troops. The NPA captured one (1) member of the 29th IB, two (2) from the PNP and several CAFGU members who were all treated as prisoners of war (POW). The Red fighters successfully demolished a COPD unit by attacking its camp in the center of the barrio.
In these military actions, the NPA seized weapons enough to equip a new platoon. Not a single NPA-NEMR formation was destroyed by the enemy. On the other hand, eleven (11) Red fighters valiantly sacrificed their lives in battle.
The COPD and enemy attacks never stopped the peasantry from launching reasonable demands in line with the program for agrarian revolution. The struggle for higher wages of agricultural workers continued. The victories attained that decreased rent of land and farming equipment, and lowered the high interest rate of loans or usury, were sustained. Farmers who benefitted from the revolutionary land distribution continue to cultivate. They maintained their collective farming and exchange of labor to develop and expand farms.
Furthermore, the NPA continued to deliver social services to the people in the countryside such as free medical services, maintained peace and order, helped improve livelihoods and farming and others. In the barrios where the NPA operate, the people are free from illegal drugs, theft, gambling and other crimes.
Because of these, widespread support was established among the masses who actively implemented measures that rendered the enemy blind and deaf. The People's Militias actively join tactical offensives to confront attacking AFP forces.
On the other hand, the people in the region bravely stood firm to assert their rights and welfare. The people launched various mobilizations in the cities to expose and oppose Duterte's devious and fascist move to establish a dictatorial rule.
In the attempt to defeat the people's struggle, the US-Duterte regime fueled an outpouring of resistance from the Filipino people against fascist attacks. This will end their dictatorial rule. It was Duterte themselves who exposed to the world that their government is anti-nationalist, anti-masses and anti-democratic, that in the end, it is a terrorist state.
III. Efforts to further advance the people's war in NEMR and frustrate the all out fascist war of the US-Duterte regime
History has proven that a united armed resistance and powerful people's revolt will defeat the overt oppression and exploitation of a brutal rule.
To frustrate Duterte's selfish aspiration for dictatorial rule, defeat counter-revolutionary offensives of the AFP/PNP, and contribute more to the advance of the people's war in the country, we must do the following:
We need to consciously implement the ideological tasks of Party members, NPA, and revolutionary mass organizations to constantly raise the understanding of MLM in its application to the Philippine revolution. Sharpen the understanding of the national and international situations especially on the phase of worsening capitalist crisis and the chronic semicolonial and semicolonial system.
The NPA-NEMR must persistently launch numerous successful tactical offensives based on the ever widening and deepening mass base. Deliver overwhelming strikes against fascist troops. Increase recruitment to the NPA and form additional platoons.
We should persistently arouse, organize and mobilize all classes and sectors of the people in the countryside and cities to establish a wide and strong mass base. Form a powerful force that will strongly resist and frustrate the fascist terrorism of the US-Duterte regime.
We should launch bigger mass struggles that promote and defend rights, welfare and demands. Launch widespread struggles for the program for agrarian revolution, national industrialization and national sovereignty.
Unite and build cooperation with nationalist and patriotic organizations, personalities, business people, government officials, soldiers and police officers that will expose the anti-nationalist, anti-democratic moves of Duterte.
Promote and intensify propaganda work to constantly unite the masses and the people. Raise their political consciousness especially about the enemy, to consolidate the determination of the masses in advancing the revolution.
Long live the CPP on its 49th anniversary!
Ka Maria Malaya
Spokesperson
NDFP-NEMR
FDA, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration have warned people about the products being sold online which claim to treat the Ebola.
FDA issued a statement on Thursday in which they stated that they have received numerous complaints related to the scam products for Ebola treatment.
In the statement issued, FDA Agency mentioned, “Individuals promoting these unapproved and fraudulent products must take immediate action to correct or remove these claims or face potential FDA action.”
They also said, “There are no approved vaccines, drugs, or investigational products specifically for Ebola available for purchase on the Internet.”
Food and Drug Administration also said that the claims to issue that a particular product can treat or cure the deadly Ebola disease is against the law.
Most of the companies, in order to sell their bogus products are instilling fear among the people of American through their advertisements, related to Ebola outbreak. In order to reduce the fear of Ebola outbreak among the people living in the United States, FDA also said that the Ebola outbreak in the West Africa do not pose any threat to the U.S. Chances of Ebola outbreak in the United States is negligible under the present precautions being undertaken by the health authorities.
With the help of CDC data, FDA also said, Ebola is not a water-borne or airborne virus. It can only be transmitted either by exchange of body fluids from an infected person or by sharing the items like needles or syringes which were used on the patients infected by virus.
Researchers with the support of WHO and other health organizations are trying hard to develop vaccines against the Ebola outbreak. However recent reports also suggest that scientists are facing many issues, including ethical dilemmas whether or not to test the experimental drugs on the infected patients.
An experimental drug which has made news during recent times is Zmapp. It was reported that two American patients who were infected by Ebola are recovering well after being treated with the drug Zmapp. Earlier, the drug was only tested in animals.
It has to be noted that the deadly Ebola outbreak has already claimed over one thousand lives in the West Africa and sickened over two thousand people.
It's belatedly dawned on me how OpenSocial makes a great server-less Ajax platform. When you create an OpenSocial gadget, you're building a lil Ajax app that performs much coolness that would normally require a server, but doesn't. Effectively, you're delegating the duties of the gadget's host environment. All you have to do is write a single XML file and host it somewhere. In fact Google Gadget Editor gives you an editor to write it in and a place to host it.
In fact, this is so good that if I was teaching someone Ajax in 60 minutes or less, I would consider getting them to write a gadget. It's that simple. Previously, I might have got them to write a static HTML file, with embedded Javascript and CSS, but now they can do the same thing and benefit from server-side features too, features they never had to install. This is like getting the usual benefits of the DOM and the Javascript API, but with much more. You're getting both a set of APIs, just like when you use JQuery or Prototype, but you're also getting a server which many of those APIs rely on. So it's a true platform.
By the way, I'm assuming you're using XML content type, not URL. XML content type is the way forward, especially as we move to a Caja world. XML gadgets will get you the richest functionality. URL gadgets are only suitable for legacy concerns, and in some cases, accessibility.
So you're using XML content type, which means the entirety of your Ajax app lives in one file. What does an OpenSocial platform provide to your little XML gadget spec?
Persistence. The most important thing is you can save application data. You can serialise any state you care to persist, and then store it as a hidden user preference. This is really neat. It means you can write a TODO gadget, for example, and ensure all the TODO tasks will be saved, but without having to store them on your own database and without having to build a persistence layer around it. And of course, the platform will (theoretically) provide the necessary security to ensure users only see their own tasks.
The most important thing is you can save application data. You can serialise any state you care to persist, and then store it as a hidden user preference. This is really neat. It means you can write a TODO gadget, for example, and ensure all the TODO tasks will be saved, but without having to store them on your own database and without having to build a persistence layer around it. And of course, the platform will (theoretically) provide the necessary security to ensure users only see their own tasks. Preferences. You can easily let users customise your app via the preference API. For free, you get form fields to let users state their preferences, with drop-downs for enumerated types. And of course, the preferences are persisted without any effort on your part.
You can easily let users customise your app via the preference API. For free, you get form fields to let users state their preferences, with drop-downs for enumerated types. And of course, the preferences are persisted without any effort on your part. Content Fetching. It gets even better. On-Demand Javascript is often bigged up as the way to get data from third parties. But thanks to OpenSocial's remote fetching APIs, it's just as easy to grab content via the containers Cross-Domain Proxy. This means you can get any internet content and call any API, not just those specifically designed for cross-domain browser calls. There are also value-adds here, e.g. caching, scheduling periodic updates, converting feed data of any format into a consistent JSON structure.
It gets even better. On-Demand Javascript is often bigged up as the way to get data from third parties. But thanks to OpenSocial's remote fetching APIs, it's just as easy to grab content via the containers Cross-Domain Proxy. This means you can get any internet content and call any API, not just those specifically designed for cross-domain browser calls. There are also value-adds here, e.g. caching, scheduling periodic updates, converting feed data of any format into a consistent JSON structure. Identity and Social Networking. Ah yes, the almighty “social” in OpenSocial. On the right platform, your server-less Ajax app can get info about the page owner and the page viewer, and their friends. Friends and social stuff and knowing whose page it is, that's cool and all. But what's really exciting here is much simpler than that – it's simply IDENTITY. What matters most is: With a single API call, you get an ID for the guy viewing your gadget!!! You didn't have to handle registration, password reminder links, etc. etc., and go through all the associated security questions around it. All the usual stuff you have to do if you want to know who's using your application. It's all *free* to you, gadget developer. (Downside is your company doesn't “own the user”, so your gadget will never get you pina coladas on the beach at noon and an environmentally-conscious hybrid vehicle to sip frappachino grandès in.) With this user handle, you can also save a hashmap of information about the user, persisted by our friend the server.
Ah yes, the almighty “social” in OpenSocial. On the right platform, your server-less Ajax app can get info about the page owner and the page viewer, and their friends. Friends and social stuff and knowing whose page it is, that's cool and all. But what's really exciting here is much simpler than that – it's simply IDENTITY. What matters most is: With a single API call, you get an ID for the guy viewing your gadget!!! You didn't have to handle registration, password reminder links, etc. etc., and go through all the associated security questions around it. All the usual stuff you have to do if you want to know who's using your application. It's all *free* to you, gadget developer. (Downside is your company doesn't “own the user”, so your gadget will never get you pina coladas on the beach at noon and an environmentally-conscious hybrid vehicle to sip frappachino grandès in.) With this user handle, you can also save a hashmap of information about the user, persisted by our friend the server. Many other services. Each platform is free to provide any number of features beyond the required API; this is how platforms compete against each other in the OpenSocial world. “Feature” is actually the term used for a particular set of browser and server services, e.g. “dynamic height” – the ability for a gadget to update its height – is a standard OpenSocial feature. Notifications – the ability for gadgets to add little notes to the top which the user must manually clear – well, that's a custom feature iGoogle provides but others don't. So anyway, there are lots of these features and your gadgets get them for free. In most cases, they are just libraries which you could also get for free by using Scriptaculous or whatever…but still, with OpenSocial, it's really, really, easy! No download or installation. (Although it must be said that with library CDNs like Google's new effort, you can also use many Ajax libraries without installation too. The difference here is that at least some of these features are tied to server-side services as well.)
So, these days, OpenSocial may well be the easiest way for a newbie to learn Ajax, and for any developer to get an Ajax app up and running. I actually think we need more tools and services to allow standard Ajax apps – not gadgets – to get up and running fast too. After all, the UI in OpenSocial is based on a widget/gadget model, and this is a mini web app running on a bigger page. Nowadays, we have canvas gadgets, which are bigger, but still not so big and run inside another web page. What if you took the same cloudish platform principles and applied it to a big old Ajax app, occupying the entire page and with its own URL (though probably coming from the platform's domain). You can sort of do that already by looking at the content of the gadget iframe, but it's not designed for that purpose…and if it was, you could do some interesting stuff.
For instance, I envisage a simple-to-use cloud storage system based around principles of Persevere and CouchDB, and for limited use, it could even allow anonymous access. I'll perhaps demo all this at some stage.
Following T-Mobile and MetroPCS' merger, the prepaid brand has been slowly shutting down its old CDMA network as well as seeing a new lease of life in other areas, using GSM technology.
Today, the company revealed which markets would be next in the old network shut-down. On July 1st, MetroPCS' CDMA waves will go dead in New England and Las Vegas. As part of the process, the carrier has emailed customers in the areas asking them to upgrade their devices before June 30, or their phones will just stop working. To make upgrading easier, the company is offering an instant upgrade credit to anyone who brings a qualifying phone in to store to trade in.
If you're affected and you want to know how to proceed hit this page.
[UPDATE: So the CDMA network might be closing down, but I should have clarified that – instead – customers will be getting upgraded to what is essentially a better, faster network and at very little cost.
“We are not shuttering service for MetroPCS customers. We ARE moving MetroPCS 3G CDMA customers to a better, faster network and offering them 4G HSPA+/LTE phones– giving them a better experience on a better network at almost no cost to them.”]
Via: PhoneScoop
The rapper son of hip hop giant The Notorious B.I.G. and singer Faith Evans says it was inevitable they would end up in the music industry.
Christopher Jordan Wallace was just a baby when their father was shot dead in Los Angeles in 1997 at the age of 24.
They told the Standard: “At a young age I always knew I wanted to do music, it was inevitable. My family have always had my back, whatever I've wanted to do they've supported. They were always giving me advice on what to do and how to go about things.”
Wallace, 20, is in rap group CJ and Jahad alongside their younger half-brother Joshua Jahad Russaw. They have spent the last few months in the studio recording their debut album, planned for release later this year.
They said the pressure that comes with being the son of one of the world's most acclaimed hip hop stars “ends up being fuel for me, that's my advantage”.
They played their father — also known as Biggie Smalls, real name Christopher Wallace — in 2009 biopic Notorious. “I was learning so much new stuff every day and being pushed in ways that I'd never been pushed before,” Wallace Jr said. “I was crying on camera and my acting coach was really getting under my skin and talking about some really personal stuff.”
Despite finding the film a “nostalgic” experience, they said they would not play their father later in life as they “don't look alike”. After starring in comedy Everything Must Go in 2010, they took a break to finish high school but has made a return to acting in Kicks, about an inner city child who has their trainers stolen.
Billboard Music Awards 2017 - In pictures 23 show all Billboard Music Awards 2017 - In pictures 1/23 Cher Getty Images 2/23 Drake kisses presenter Kate Beckinsale's hand Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 3/23 Drake AFP/Getty Images 4/23 Celine Dion Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 5/23 Gwen Stefani presents the Billboard Icon award to Cher at the Billboard Music Awards Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 6/23 Miley Cyrus performs "Malibu" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 7/23 Rita Ora Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 8/23 Vanessa Hudgens Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 9/23 Kate Beckinsalesale Steve Marcus/Reuters 10/23 Celine Dion AFP/Getty Images 11/23 Nicole Scherzinger Steve Marcus/Reuters 12/23 Nicki Minaj and David Guetta Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 13/23 Camila Cabello Mario Anzuoni/Reuters 14/23 Cher performs "If I could Turn Back Time." Mario Anzuoni/Reuters 15/23 Prince Michael Jackson Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 16/23 Olivia Munn Steve Marcus/Reuters 17/23 Miley Cyrus performs "Malibu" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 18/23 Sean "Diddy" Combs presents a tribute to Notorious B.I.G. at the Billboard Music Awards Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 19/23 Lil Wayne Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 20/23 Hosts Ludacris and Vanessa Hudgens Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 21/23 Dencia Steve Marcus/Reuters 22/23 Halsey performs "Now or Never" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 23/23 Diplo Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 1/23 Cher Getty Images 2/23 Drake kisses presenter Kate Beckinsale's hand Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 3/23 Drake AFP/Getty Images 4/23 Celine Dion Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 5/23 Gwen Stefani presents the Billboard Icon award to Cher at the Billboard Music Awards Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 6/23 Miley Cyrus performs "Malibu" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 7/23 Rita Ora Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 8/23 Vanessa Hudgens Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 9/23 Kate Beckinsalesale Steve Marcus/Reuters 10/23 Celine Dion AFP/Getty Images 11/23 Nicole Scherzinger Steve Marcus/Reuters 12/23 Nicki Minaj and David Guetta Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 13/23 Camila Cabello Mario Anzuoni/Reuters 14/23 Cher performs "If I could Turn Back Time." Mario Anzuoni/Reuters 15/23 Prince Michael Jackson Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP 16/23 Olivia Munn Steve Marcus/Reuters 17/23 Miley Cyrus performs "Malibu" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 18/23 Sean "Diddy" Combs presents a tribute to Notorious B.I.G. at the Billboard Music Awards Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 19/23 Lil Wayne Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 20/23 Hosts Ludacris and Vanessa Hudgens Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 21/23 Dencia Steve Marcus/Reuters 22/23 Halsey performs "Now or Never" Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP 23/23 Diplo Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
“Almost every character I could have related to,” they said about the film. “Other than it being a great story, the fact is that it's a real story.”
The Notorious B.I.G. married R&B star Evans in 1994. Their death in a drive-by shooting — which remains unsolved — caused huge grief in the hip hop world and a posthumous album shot to number one in the US.
Meanwhile, I'll Be Missing You, a track in their memory by Evans and their friend Sean “Diddy” Combs (aka Puff Daddy) became one of the best-selling singles of all time. Wallace Jr was raised by Evans and Todd Russaw, who they married a year after their first husband's death. They divorced in 2011.
The young rapper and actor is also set to try their hand at filmmaking with a project about autism, which their youngest half-brother has. “I'd like to tell the story of what they are going through. A lot of people don't understand [the issue]. I want to bring awareness to that and special needs in general,” they said.
Kicks is available to download digitally now.
Supplyanimal ,
Fantastic
Wow, this game is so great. I like to try to write reviews that help the creator update the game to make it better, but I have found nothing wrong with the game yet. It's a good game because it doesn't tell you how to play. When you put down your troops, you have a lot of options, from making separate groups to fight certain enemies, or (what I do) just make one giant group of archers to mass murder everything 😎. In all seriousness though, this game is great and if you have app gratis like myself you can get it free today. I forgot to mention that the number of levels is great. And the fact that you can have three difficulties is also great. I will be buying all the other games like this from now on. 🤑
City are delighted to announce the signing of Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean goalkeeper joins the Blues from Barcelona after signing a four-year-deal.
Bravo brings with them a wealth of experience including back-to-back La Liga titles with Barça and successive Copa America triumphs with Chile with whom the 33 year-old has won 106 caps and also the captain.
They won their 100th international cap in the Copa America Centenario as Chile beat Argentina in the final on penalties and is the first Chilean to win a century of caps.
Born in Viluco, Chile, Bravo started their career with Colo-Colo, making 123 appearances between 2002 and 2006 before joining Real Sociedad on the recommendation of Xabier Mancisidor who is now City's goalkeeping coach.
Bravo remained for with The Royals for eight years, clocking up 237 starts – plus one goal against Gimnastic in 2010.
enlarge BRAVO! Claudio is now a City player BRAVO! Claudio is now a City player
They moved to Barcelona in 2014 and has won eight different title in just two years with the Catalans, playing 75 games and being named in the 2014/15 La Liga Team of the Season.
They were also voted Copa America's best goalkeeper in 2015 and 2016 as well as earning a place in the Team of the Tournament each time.
A father of four, Bravo said: “I'm very proud to be joining Manchester City. I know the Club is building something very special and I hope I can be part of many successes in the coming years.
“I have followed City's progress in recent years and obviously know some of my new team-mates from the Copa America.
“It is not easy to leave a club like Barcelona where I had two fantastic years, but the opportunity to work with Pep Guardiola was too good to refuse.
“Now I will challenge the other great goalkeepers the Club has and together I hope we can win many trophies.”
City boss Guardiola added: “Claudio is a fantastic goalkeeper and an excellent addition to our squad.
“He has experience and great leadership qualities and is in the prime of their life.  They are a goalkeeper I have admired for a number of years and I'm really happy they are now a City player.”
Watch out for our exclusive CityTV interview with Claudio later today.
From left to right: Israeli MKs Oded Forer and Avraham Neguise with Reps. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) and Bill Johnson (R-OH) on November 15.
Washington, DC – November 16, 2017 – An unprecedented joint declaration by members of Congress and Israel's Knesset has laid the core principles of a bold new approach to ending the Israel-Palestinian conflict ahead of an expected new push for Middle East peace by President Trump.
The declaration signed by members of the Congressional Israel Victory Caucus (CIVC) and the Knesset Israel Victory Caucus (KIVC) affirms that "the primary obstacle to ending the Palestinian-Israeli conflict is the near-century of Palestinian rejectionism of the right of self-determination for the Jewish people," and that "only Palestinian acknowledgement of the Jewish people's historic connection to the Land of Israel, and acceptance of Israel as a Jewish and democratic state, will end the conflict."
The declaration was signed on a visit by KIVC Co-Chairman Oded Forer (Yisrael Beytenu) and Chairman of the Knesset Committee for Immigration, Absorption, and Diaspora Affairs Avraham Neguise (Likud) to Washington and New York, where they met their counterparts in the CIVC, dozens of members of congress from both sides of the aisle, senior government decision-makers, Jewish and Christian leaders, and other opinion-shapers.
Click here to view.
"Every attempt at negotiations with the Palestinians without demanding that they recognize Israel as the national homeland of the Jewish people will fail," MK Forer said. "Together with members of Congress from both parties, we call on the American administration to demand that the Palestinians recognize the State of Israel as the national homeland of the Jewish people as a precondition to future talks. There can be no negotiations on our legitimate right to self-determination."
"The central message we have brought to the US is that the Palestinians need to move from rejectionism to recognition and we are delighted at the support we have received from our friends in Congress, both Republicans and Democrats," said MK Neguise. "We hope this is a message that will be taken on board by the Trump administration in any efforts or initiatives it pushes forward in the months ahead."
The CIVC, co-chaired by Reps. Ron DeSantis (R-FL), Juan Vargas (D-CA), and Bill Johnson (R-OH), has 32 members of Congress from both the Republican and Democratic parties. The KIVC, co-chaired by Forer and MK Yaakov Perry (Yesh Atid), has 16 MKs representing every mainstream Zionist party in both the government and the opposition.
"It has been an honor to meet with the Israeli members of the (Knesset) Israel Victory Caucus this week and discuss the cherished friendship between our two nations," Rep. DeSantis said. "We agree that the greatest obstacle to peace is the refusal of Palestinians to acknowledge that Israel is the legitimate national home of the Jewish people."
KIVC Co-Chair Oded Forer and MK Avraham Neguise with (clockwise from top left) Rep. Juan Vargas (D-CA), Rep. Scott Perry (R-PA), Rep. Joe Wilson (R-SC), and Hillel President Eric Fingerhut.
"I'm looking forward to working with our allies in the Knesset to advance the idea of an Israeli victory as an alternative approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict – one where Israel stops making unnecessary concessions and instead the Palestinians concede their goal of destroying the State of Israel and accept that it is here to stay," Rep Johnson said. "There can be no progress made towards peace until the Palestinians accept that significant, but simple concept."
The two caucuses were formed with the support of the Middle East Forum, led by Daniel Pipes, who launched the Israel Victory Project (IVP) earlier in the year.
"The Israel Victory Project is building political and intellectual support eventually to replace the current 'peace process' paradigm with one that will work better for both Israelis and Palestinians," Pipes said.
The Middle East Forum promotes American interests through activist, intellectual, and philanthropic efforts.
For immediate release
For more information, contact:
Gregg Roman, Director
Roman@MEForum.org
215-546-5406
UPDATED with more detail: Rachel Maddow posted this plug for their MSNBC show tonight:
BREAKING: We've got Trump tax returns. Tonight, 9pm ET. MSNBC. (Seriously). — Rachel Maddow MSNBC (@maddow) March 14, 2017
About 40 minutes later, Maddow added via Twitter that they'd gotten their hands on Trump's 2005 1040 form.
Trump, who is first president since Nixon opting to not release tax returns, has previously insisted, “the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters.” Nonetheless, they said they would release their tax returns after the IRS was finished with its audit, though the IRS said an audit did not preclude them from releasing the information.
At a confab in September, NYT Executive Editor Dean Baquet said Trump's taxes are important because they built their candidacy on the notion of being a wildly successful business person and the documents would prove that true, or not.
WaPo Associate Editor Bob Woodward said the documents “define Donald Trump.”
In January, however, Trump's campaign manager turned counselor Kellyanne Conway said the White House would not release Trump's tax returns at all, telling ABC Sunday Beltway show This Week, “We litigated this all through the election. People didn't care.”
Wikileaks responded by putting out a call for anyone with access to Trump's tax docs to send its way, so it could publish.
Baquet did wind up publishing several pages of Trump's 1995 tax returns, in which they reported a loss of nearly $1 billion, which meant they could have avoided paying federal income taxes for 18 years.
Related stories
Donald Trump Mocks Rachel Maddow's Tax Reveal "Fake News" After White House Confirms Authenticity
Donald Trump Blasts Snoop Dogg Video In Which Clown POTUS Gets "Bang"-ed
Rachel Maddow: Donald Trump Reported $150M In Income In 2005 And Paid $38M In Taxes
Page Content
For Media Download Media Assets (.zip file)
Zip file includes images, video and Word versions of online materials.
Zip file includes images, video and Word versions of online materials. Call: 858-249-0456
Page: 619-290-2688
Email:
Scott LaFee, slafee@ucsd.edu
Heather Buschman, hbuschman@ucsd.edu
For Patients Call UC San Diego Health
main patient line
858-657-7000
Contact the Naviaux Lab
naviauxlab.ucsd.edu/contact
Suramin is a 100-year-old drug developed to treat African sleeping sickness and river blindness. Though it has been investigated for other diseases, including cancer, it is not approved for any therapeutic use in the United States.
However, a small, randomized clinical trial conducted by Robert Naviaux, MD, PhD, professor of medicine, pediatrics and pathology, and colleagues at University of California San Diego School of Medicine have found that a single intravenous dose of suramin produced dramatic, but transient, improvement of core symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Currently, there are no drugs approved for treating the core symptoms of ASD.
More broadly, the trial findings support the “cell danger response theory,” which posits that autism and other chronic conditions are fundamentally driven by metabolic dysfunction—and thus treatable. Naviaux and their co-authors propose larger, longer clinical trials to assess suramin (or similar drugs) as an ASD treatment.
Press Release Q&A Poems Parent Statements Past Research Naviaux Lab
Special note from the researchers: Suramin is not approved for the treatment of autism. Like many intravenous drugs, when administered improperly by untrained personnel, at the wrong dose and schedule, without careful measurement of drug levels and monitoring for toxicity, suramin can cause harm. Careful clinical trials will be needed over several years at several sites to learn how to use low-dose suramin safely in autism, and to identify drug-drug interactions and rare side effects that cannot currently be predicted. We strongly caution against the unauthorized use of suramin.
Steve Baur Former Editor, Modified Mustangs & Fords September 4, 2014 Photos By: Marc Christ, Evan Smith
It's one thing to go to the track and make passes to see how fast your car can go. It's another thing to ensure that you are faster than the guy in the other lane, especially when championship points in the NMRA are on the line. Competitive racing is not cheap, from a financial or personal standpoint, but the rewards can be highly fulfilling when round wins turn into race wins.
Lebanon, Ohio's Phil Hines enjoyed many round wins in 2003 when they became the NMCA/NSCA Limited Street champion, but obtaining a championship in NMRA Street Outlaw would be a lesson in perseverance.
Phil began their racing endeavors behind the wheel of "Old Betsy," an '86 Mustang GT that started life as a street car, but progressed into a 466ci, nitrous-ingesting monster running 9.20s back in the mid '90s.
"In 1999, I had the fastest street car around my neck of the woods," Phil told us. "The car got too fast for the street, so I ran the old-school NMCA Easy Street class from 1999-'02." Hines finished Second in points in 2001 and 2002.
"The NMCA merged with the NSCA in 2002 and later combined Easy Street with Limited Street. I won the championship in 2003 and came in Third in 2004." Old Betsy was a formidable piece of machinery at that point.
It had Blue Thunderheads, a stock block, crank, and steel rods—nothing major. I loved nitrous and followed Steve Johnson (Induction Solutions) with my nitrous stuff."
It was time to step up for Phil, though, as they looked to compete in the Street Outlaw division. Old Betsy made way for a new ride, and along with it came a change for Phil who had little experience with supercharging or fuel injection.
They found their new ride in late 2004 at their local track. The late Jim Summers and Mark Wilkinson built and tuned the '01 Mustang for Phil's good friend, Wren "Pops" Vanderpool.
In 2005, Phil debuted in Street Outlaw with a 7.65 at 186 mph with a small-block pressurized by a ProCharger D-3R blower. Under threat of installing a nitrous engine combination, Summers went to the first two races with them to tune the car. Summers wouldn't be able to go to every race, however.
"I didn't know anything about computers, and we tried to tune it over the phone when Jim couldn't make the next race," Phil remarks. By the end of the year, they were tuning their own car.
The next eight years would be both a learning experience and a lesson in perseverance for Phil, who often found themselves squaring off against John Urist, who took the Street Outlaw championship every year from 2006 to 2012.
But 2013 would turn out differently, as Phil led the points chase throughout the year and sealed the championship in Bowling Green, Kentucky, at the NMRA finals. In addition to the NMRA championship, Phil was also the first person to run a 6s on 275mm radials. At South Georgia Motorsports Park for the Lights Out radial race, Phil's Mustang stopped the clocks in 6.89 seconds. They also had the Outlaw 8.5 record for a while at 4.89 seconds in the eighth-mile.
For 2014, Phil is back to defend their title, with a few new changes to their ATF Street Outlaw ride. All they would offer, of course, is that there is slightly more compression and more camshaft stuffed inside the aluminum block. There's also a new billet intake manifold, but more testing is required to see if it proves to be the right direction for the induction system.
You can bet there have been numerous changes to the Mustang over the years in the quest for round wins. The car started life as a body in white; just a bare shell from Ford that was turned into a purpose-built race car by Racecraft Inc. While the front has been equipped with very familiar tubular front suspension, the rear was fitted with a ladder bar design to get the estimated 1,900-2,000 hp down to the track surface.
The PPG Bright Amber Metallic body benefits from lightweight carbon-fiber panels, including the hood, bumper cover, and decklid. There's also a Racecraft aluminum rear wing, which sheds weight while providing much needed top-end stability.
Nestled under the carbon-fiber hood you'll find a stout BES Racing Engines bullet, 423 cubes in all. Based on a Fontana aluminum block, the rotating assembly consists of an Eagle steel crankshaft, Ross pistons, and GRP connecting rods. In addition to the machining and assembly of the short-block, BES also CNC-ported the Edelbrock SC1 cylinder heads. These magical aluminum wonders of airflow have been equipped with Ferrea valves and Jesel rocker arms that can handle the stress of the custom (and top secret) solid roller camshaft, as well as the 24-25 psi of boost pressure provided by the ProCharger F1-X blower.
Phil employs and air-to-water intercooler to reduce the intake charge temperature, and an Aeromotive fuel system with 225-lb/hr injectors provide the required fuel charge to the huge amount of airflow moving through the engine. And remember when they admitted to not knowing anything about fuel injection? Well, Phil has a firm grasp on the inner workings of the Big Stuff 3 engine management system, and occasionally gets a little help from the guys at PTP Racing.
There aren't many automatic transmissions that can handle 2,000-plus horsepower, but Rossler has perfected its two-speed unit to do just that. It's shifted via a B&M shifter, and Phil told us that he's running a Coan torque converter that he's had for eight years!
Outlaw-spec cars rarely run anything less than a Ford 9-inch rear, and Phil's rocket is no exception. Theirs is stuffed with Strange internals, and connected to the Mickey Thompson wheels you'll find the company's M/T ET Street Radial Pro 275/60/15 tires.
Once you have the right equipment to go fast, you need a support system that can get you to the races, through the rounds, and onto the next event. For Phil, much of that help comes from their sponsors; ATI Procharger, Mickey Thompson, BES Racing Engines, MSD, Cincy Speed, Gary Rohe Race Cars, PTP Racing, Steve Morris, Aeromotive, Edelbrock, Afco, Jesel, Ferrea, and Rossler Transmissions. Sponsors play a pivotal role often rebuilding components and overnighting them to a racetrack just to make a round. Also helping Phil are Jason and Shawna McCoy, Bobbie Schock, and Phil's children: Austin, Ali, Britney, and Alexsis.
Last year, Phil Hines ran the entire NMRA series as well as a few local NMCA events—he came in Third in points in NMCA Street Outlaw. This year, they have bigger aspirations, as they plan to run both ATF Street Outlaw in the NMRA and Stainless Works Street Outlaw in NMCA. Last year's success was a longtime in the making, but if anyone has the perseverance to see this year's efforts through, Phil does. Check out an NMRA or NMCA race near you to see how their story turns out.
There are few things that frustrate President Obama more than not having their way. They can play endless rounds of bad golf, repeatedly circle the globe on the American taxpayer's dime, treat Congress like Walter White behind the pharmacy counter at Walgreens, and generally goof off and demean the office in new and unpleasant ways. But they can't seem to get their arms around Benjamin Netanyahu and the intractable Middle East problem. And this vexes them to no end.
When Barack Hussein Obama first took office, they believed that they would be the first “fusion” president, one who can bridge the gap between ancient and enduring Muslim-Jewish differences, and make both see the light of their reason. He's spent six years pulling levers and pushing buttons, to no avail. Israel just plods along on its own path, led by Netanyahu, who has become Obama's nemesis. Less than six months into their presidency, Obama said in Cairo:
I've come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world, one based on mutual interest and mutual respect, and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles — principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
They really believe this. Obama believes that justice, progress, and tolerance can win the day, and they see Netanyahu as the agitator. While professing “eternal support” for Israel, they waited until their second term to visit, remarking:
As I begin this visit let me say as clearly as I can: The United States of America stands with the state of Israel because it is in our fundamental national security interests to stand with Israel,” Obama said. “It makes us both stronger, it makes us both more prosperous, and it makes the world a better place. That's why the United States was the very first nation to recognize the state of Israel 65 years ago. That's why the Star of David and the stars and stripes fly together today. And that's why I'm confident that our alliance is eternal. It is forever.
The problem is simple: there is no mutual interest and mutual respect between Islam and Israel. When groups like Hamas have in their charter these words “There is no solution to the Palestinian problem except by Jihad”, and “The members of other religions must desist from struggling against Islam over sovereignty in this region”, there's no room for peace. In fact, Hamas renounces peace: “[Peace] initiatives, the so-called peaceful solutions, and the international conferences to resolve the Palestinian problem, are all contrary to the beliefs of the Islamic Resistance Movement.” Netanyahu recognizes this basic problem, and follows a course of action to protect Israel, at great cost, both monetary* and in lives.
When Obama has to play diplomatic and semantic games to pretend that the Taliban and its ilk aren't linked to Al Queda, ISIS, Hamas and Hizbollah by common doctrine, but Netanyahu doesn't play along, it really vexes the POTUS. And with less than two years left, Obama has to move fast to cement themselves as the one who solved the Middle East problem—specifically the Palestinian problem.
What is Obama's Israel end game?
First, they are determined to remove Netanyahu, who is up for election on March 17—in no small part due to the White House's “crisis creation” which contributed to the Likud's coalition government's collapse. Despite the White House's denials, “to avoid the appearance of influencing a democratic election in a foreign country”, Obama is doing everything they can to topple Netanyahu and their Likud party from power. Jeremy Bird, one of Obama's former campaign strategists, is in Israel helping V15, whose goal is to “simply replace the government”—with one that supports a two-state solution. V15 is funded by OneVoice, which accepts cash from Europe and other sources outside Israel.
During a press conference Sunday, the Likud Party officially accused V15 and other related nonprofits of being supported “through millions of dollars funneled from Europe, the U.S. and the New Israel Fund and international factors interested in bringing down Prime Minister Netanyahu” who think “that all means are appropriate.”
Next, Obama wants to fill President Truman's shoes. Currently, 135 U.N. members officially recognize Palestine as an independent state, Sweden being the most recent. Last March, President Obama received Mahmoud Abbas, president of the Palestinian Authority, and now leader of the new unity government formed last June, at the White House. Obama remarked:
…the Palestinian Authority has continued to try to build strong institutions in preparation for a day in which the Palestinians have their own state, and I will continue to emphasize the importance of rule of law, transparency, and effective reform so that not only do the Palestinians ultimately have a state on paper, but, more importantly, they have one that actually delivers on behalf of their people.
I believe President Obama intends to fully recognize the state of Palestine de facto as the legitimate government of a sovereign state, leading to a de jure recognition and opening of an American embassy in Palestine. Furthermore, Obama may inflame the situation more by placing the American embassy in East Jerusalem—a location in Jerusalem denied to Israel (the U.S. Embassy to Israel is in Tel Aviv).
This action will precipitate a crisis—the same crisis Carter faced when they recognized the People's Republic of China. China doesn't recognize Taiwan, and made it a precondition for the U.S. to sever official ties with the ROC. Congress responded with the Taiwan Relations Act, but Taiwan still does not enjoy full de jure recognition by the U.S.—or the U.N. Of course, Palestine can't dictate terms like China, so the U.S. will still enjoy relations with Israel—for a time.
After U.S. recognition, the U.N. will certainly immediately admit Palestine as a full voting member. Once this occurs, Israel will have no choice but to accept a two-state solution, because it will be imposed with or without its consent. If Netanyahu remains in power, war is almost inevitable—Israel's enemies will have a green light to attack Israel with impunity, and will do it with a savagery and intensity never before seen. If Netanyahu is defeated, and the more liberal Tzipi Livni leads the left-bloc coalition into power—the two-state solution will be welcomed, at least at first.
But here's the problem: two items are enshrined in Israel's Basic Law (its Constitution). One: that Israel is a Jewish state, and two: that Jerusalem, “complete and unified” is the capital of Israel. Neither of these items will ever be accepted by the Palestinians. Any two-state solution will have to include the status of Jerusalem and the right of return, and on those, Israel's enemies will not compromise. How do we know this? One reason is that Abbas said so. Another is that the Arabs never have, not for the last 68 years, and not for the last 80 years. At some point, either Israel will have to change it's Basic Law, abrogating its claim of Jerusalem, and its establishment as the Jewish state, or there will be war. And if Israel changes its Basic Law, why do we need a two-state solution? Demographics will take care of the problem—the Arabs will rule, and the Jews will be marginalized.
This isn't the same problem that Taiwan and the PRC face—the Chinese in Taiwan and the Chinese in mainland China are both Chinese, with the same heritage and ethnicity. Their problem is purely political. The conflict between Israel and the Palestinians is both more deeply rooted and more culturally motivated than the Chinese. Red China considers Taiwan to be a part of itself, but tolerates its independent existence. A national Palestine will not tolerate a Jewish state. It will not tolerate a secular state run by Jews. The Jews must be marginalized.
We know what happens when the Jews are marginalized—because that's a kind term for “expelled” or “exterminated”. Christians too. Obama's legacy won't be as the savior who brings peace to the Middle East and solves the Israel-Palestine conflict through “justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings”. Instead, their reckless course will only lead to bloodshed, disaster, and the total subjugation of the Middle East to Islamic radicals, with Israel standing alone.
President Obama could be the biggest enemy of the State of Israel since its founding in 1948. Their end game must fail.
*Almost 20% of Israel's government budget went to defense, comprising over 5% of its GDP. It is outspent eight to one by its neighboring enemies.
USL unveiled a new initiative on Wednesday, the USL Television Network.
The USL Television Network will offer broadcasts of USL games in 17 markets, reaching over 10 million households in North America. Network affiliates will air USL games and other packages, produced by USL Productions as part of the league's $10 million investment in broadcast production and other content.
Among the teams that will have local television broadcast deals as part of the USL Television Network is the Philadelphia Union's USL team, Bethlehem Steel FC, to be aired on TV2 Sports in the Bethlehem area.
Several affiliate teams to MLS clubs are also involved in the initiative, including Charleston Battery (Atlanta United affiliate), Charlotte Independence (Colorado Rapids affiliate), Ottawa Fury FC (Montreal Impact affiliate), Reno 1868 FC (San Jose Earthquakes affiliate) and Richmond Kickers (D.C. United affiliate).
A former schoolteacher from Chongqing, China named Xiang Renxian has devoted nearly a dozen years of their life to making a hat and coat for their husband—out of their very own hair.
They say their hair began to fall out when they were in their 30's. "Throughout my youth I was always famous for my wonderful long hair, and as I grew older I realized that, just like my looks, my hair was losing its luster," they told the Global Times. "Many people envied my long, shiny black hair so I wanted to keep them, even the dropped threads."
Xiang said they collected their hair for years but didn't know what to do with it.
It was only in 2003 that they decided to weave it into clothing. "I wanted to find a way to preserve that, and came up with the idea of using it to create something for my husband. It took a while to perfect the techniques, it was only when I was 49 that I started to work on this project. Once I got into the technique that I developed, it was actually not difficult to do, you just need patience and I knew that I had the time."
They say they kept count of each strand of hair, and used a total of 116,058 strands of hair to make both of the items they gave to their husband.
The coat was Xiang's first project, for which they used 15 pieces of hair as one strand of standard wool. They began in 2003 and managed to finish the main body only by 2008. Later, they started weaving the hat, with 20 pieces of hair per strand. This they completed in 2011. "It takes great patience as the weaving work could only be done a bit each day due to the scarcity of hair," they said.
When the weaving was complete, they felt that the coat needed a bit of a finishing touch. So they decided to weave their name and the date of completion on to the cuffs in white. They had to wait until the end of last year to collect enough grey hair for them signature.
Advertisement
This makes me feel extra shitty about the last present I got for my boyfriend for our anniversary. I got them a gift card to Chili's. Not because I totally forgot it was our anniversary until they texted me "Happy Anniversary!" when I was driving past that Chili's by where we live and made a last ditch turn into their parking lot to go scramble desperately for some kind of gift. No. That didn't happen at all. That Chili's gift card is a true symbol and token of our undying love that will live in their glove compartment underneath those parking tickets they got, until the day they realize he's dead broke, starving and feels a craving for some economically-priced casual dining.
(Pics of their project are here)
Microsoft has decided to open-source a platform used by its researchers to test artificial-intelligence projects.
The AIX platform, which is already being used by Microsoft Research and is available under a private beta to select academic researchers, allows researchers to use the unstructured play in the Minecraft game as a testing ground for their AI research.
AIX will also be made available this summer under an open-source license.
The announcement comes at a time when Google DeepMind is grabbing attention for the Go games being played by its AI program AlphaGo with a key Go player Lee Se-dol. AlphaGo won three straight games of the five-games match in Seoul but on Sunday lost to Lee.
Microsoft is, however, focused with AIX on projects that involve general intelligence, which it says “is more similar to the nuanced and complex way humans learn and make decisions.”
Computers can now do specific, complicated tasks like understanding speech and translating it, recognizing images and writing captions about them, Allison Linn, a senior writer at Microsoft, wrote in a post on the Microsoft blog Sunday.
“A computer algorithm may be able to take one task and do it as well or even better than an average adult, but it can't compete with how an infant is taking in all sorts of inputs – light, smell, touch, sound, discomfort – and learning that if you cry chances are good that Mom will feed you,” Linn wrote.
Artificial intelligence researchers have been able to develop tools, like recognize words for example, but have not been able to combine these skills effortlessly as humans do, Linn added.
Researchers trying to teach a real robot to climb a hill would have to replace or repair it each time it falls into a river. Five computer scientists at a Microsoft Research lab in New York are doing that in a less costly way - trying to get a Minecraft character to climb a hill. Microsoft acquired Mojang, the developer of Minecraft, in 2014.
The AIX platform, developed by Microsoft's lab in Cambridge, U.K., consists of a “mod” for the Java version and code that helps artificial intelligence agents sense and act within the Minecraft environment, according to Linn. Both components can run on Windows, Linux or macOS, and researchers can use any programming language to program their agents.
Making a Cross-Platform Desktop App: Comparing Xojo and Visual Studio for Mac
Visual Studio for Mac was recently released. In a previous post I compared how much easier it is to make native Mac apps with Xojo than with Visual Studio for Mac. Now I'd like to talk about making cross-platform desktop apps.
Visual Studio for Mac lets you make cross-platform desktop apps by using the Gtk# UI toolkit. Unfortunately, Gtk# does not create native apps for any platform and you'll be required to manually install the required .NET run-time library in order for these apps to work. Packaging these types of apps can be a pain and is not done automatically by Visual Studio for Mac.
Although Visual Studio for Mac doesn't include a layout editor when creating native Mac apps, it does include a Layout Editor for your Gtk# layouts. Here you can see the control layout for a simple “Hello” app with just a button and a label:
￼
The Layout Editor is a bit tricky to work with as dragging controls around does not show you exactly where they will be positioned, making it hard to line things up.
For comparison, this is what the Layout Editor looks like in Xojo:
￼
To add code to the button in Visual Studio for Mac you have to click on the Signals tab in the Properties and add a handler to the Clicked signal. Once you do this, you can switch back to the source code file to add the code. Here you can see the source for MainWindow.cs and the “Clicked” handler that updates the number of clicks and displays the count in the label:
￼The above process for adding an event is not too bad, but Xojo makes it even easier by letting you add event handlers to a control by simply double-clicking on the control itself. For example, double-click the button to show the Event Handler window where you can add the Action event handler to the button by simply selecting it from a list:
￼
And then entering the code in the Code Editor:
￼
So you can see some similarity between working with Visual Studio for Mac with a Gtk# project and a Xojo desktop project. Obviously you can tell that Xojo uses a programming language that looks similar to VB, but the object-oriented programming model used by Xojo is similar to the one used by C#.
The big difference, as mentioned earlier, is that Visual Studio for Mac does not build native apps. Instead when you build the project shown above you'll get an app called “HelloMac.exe” which doesn't run on any platform without first installing the proper run-time libraries, not always an easy task. And a file with the extension of “exe” certainly does not look like a native Mac or Linux app so you'll want to package that up to look more native (even if it won't be native) so that your users are not confused.
With Xojo you don't have to worry about any of that. Instead you can just check a few boxes to get native apps for each OS you want. When you Build your project you'll get a separate folder containing a native app for each OS platform (Windows, macOS, Linux, Raspberry Pi). Simply transfer the app to the OS and run it without having to worry about installing additional run-time libraries or even packaging. This is about as easy as it gets.
If you need cross-platform desktop apps and are looking at Visual Studio for Mac, you should definitely also consider Xojo. Xojo brings most of the same features to the table, but in a way that is much easier to use and dramatically easier to deploy.
If you haven't yet, Download Xojo.
Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al Sheikh, the Grand Wahhabi Mufti of Saudi Arabia, had regarded the celebration for the birthday of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) as being religiously groundless and found the celebrations to be a bunch of superstition and ignorance.
(AhlulBayt News Agency) - Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al Sheikh, the Grand Wahhabi Mufti of Saudi Arabia, had regarded the celebration for the birthday of Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) as being religiously groundless and found the celebrations to be a bunch of superstition and ignorance.
Describing the tradition of celebrating the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad as being "idolatrous", Al-Sheikh warned about holding such an event, AWD news reported.
But with the coming anniversary of the ruling Al-Saud over Saudi Arabia, which is dubbed the "National Day", the Mufti of the Saudi court issued a new fatwa, with a major shifting attitude.
Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al Sheikh, declared that changing the national day into "thanksgiving", is a must and urged people, on this day, to extend their deepest gratitude towards God.
Al Sheikh preaches Wahhabism, a radical “ideology” that inspires Takfiri terrorists across the world. Such terrorist groups — particularly Daesh/ISIS/ISIL/IS — declare people of other faiths and beliefs as “infidels” and, based on “decrees” from Saudi “clerics,” rule that they should be killed. The word Takfir is Arabic for “declaring as an infidel.”
In the eyes of Wahabis, historical sites and shrines encourage "shirk" – the sin of idolatry or polytheism – and should be destroyed. When the al-Saud tribes swept through Mecca in the 1920s, the first thing they did was lay waste to cemeteries holding many of Islam's important figures. They have been destroying the country's heritage ever since.
For many years, hardline Wahhabi clerics have had their sites set on the 15th century green dome that rests above the tomb holding the Prophet Muhammad in Medina. The mosque is regarded as the second holiest site in Islam. Wahhabis, however, believe marked grave is idolatrous. A pamphlet published in 2007 by the Saudi Ministry of Islamic Affairs, endorsed by Abdulaziz Al Sheikh, the Grand Mufti of Saudi Arabia, stated that "the green dome shall be demolished and the grave flattened in the Prophet's Masjid".
However, this is not the first time such a ridiculous fatwa has issued by these Wahhabi clerics. There are such ridiculous fatwa (religious decree) such as: - a fatwa that allows starving men to eat their spouses to save their own lives, - Girls, forget dolls and toys! Prepare to get married the day you blink after being born, - There is jihad. There is rape. And then there is “sexual jihad, - Infidel, if you think the Earth is round and revolves around the sun!, - Kill the evil Mickey Mouse!, - Say no to nudity during intercourse, - Feel ashamed working with male colleagues? Breastfeed them!, - Muslims who do not pray are apostates and should be killed, - jihadist fighters in Iraq should adopt a "heavy-handed" approach and kill any Shiites they can get their hands own.... and hundreds more.
/129
X
Update (2015-10-05): See the bottom of this post for ongoing updates on this teaser.
With the upcoming release of “Shin Megami Tensei IV Atlus Best Collection,” this week on October 8, 2015 in Japan, the official Shin Megami Tensei IV website has been updated with a teaser for an upcoming reveal.
The teaser is of a counter which states that a certain “Incident” will happen on the updated Shin Megami Tensei IV website once 15,000 tweets from it have been achieved.
Atlus released a trailer for the Shin Megami Tensei IV Atlus Best Collection the greatest hits release on October 4th.
The “Atlus Best Collection” is a budget line label for Atlus re-releases. The latest game re-released with that label was the Nintendo 3DS RPG Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor: Soul Hackers in March 2015 for 3,218 yen. A “The Best” version of Persona 4 Golden was also released on February 5, 2015 for 3,980 yen.
Opinion
If it is not new DLC commemorating the re-release of Shin Megami Tensei IV, this teaser could potentially be related to an upcoming game that Atlus USA CEO Naoto Hiraoka teased they would be revealing soon at Tokyo Game Show 2015.
Update (October 5, 2:13 AM EDT): Two hours after the teaser on the website was unveiled, its image has been updated, slowly revealing itself.
Update (October 5, 3:00 AM EDT): The image for the teaser on the website has once again been updated.
Update (October 5, 5:47 AM EDT): The image for the teaser on the website has been updated for the third time.
Update (October 5, 8:43 AM EDT): The image for the teaser on the website has been updated for the fourth time.
Update (October 5, 10:10 AM EDT): The image for the teaser on the website has been updated for the fifth time.
— megaten4.jp
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - At least four anti-government protesters were killed and 90 injured when security forces ejected them from Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone, hospital sources said on Saturday.
Iraqi security forces used live ammunition, rubber bullets, water cannons and tear gas on Friday to dislodge the demonstrators from the central district which houses government buildings, parliament and many foreign embassies.
The toll, compiled from four hospitals where casualties were taken and Baghdad's central morgue, accounts only for gunshot wounds and does not include cases of suffocation caused by tear gas.
Civilians have breached the Green Zone twice in three weeks, raising questions about the government's ability to secure the capital which has also seen a spike in bombings this month claimed by Islamic State.
Related Coverage Obama, Iraqi PM want tighter security after Green Zone storming
Protesters on Friday included supporters of powerful Shi'ite Muslim cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and people from other groups upset with the government's failure to approve anti-corruption reforms and maintain security in the city.
Jaafar al-Moussawi, deputy leader of Sadr's political movement, condemned the government for using what they called “excessive force”.
“Using live bullets against peaceful protesters is completely unjustified and stark evidence that a supposedly legitimate government has turned into an oppressive government,” they said in a statement on Saturday.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has condemned the Green Zone breach and warned against chaos and strife as government forces seek to keep up momentum against Islamist militants.
Slideshow (9 Images)
The United Nations expressed “deep concern” on Saturday about the incident and warned it could hamper efforts to defeat Islamic State, the ultra-hardline Sunni group that controls large swathes of territory in northern and western provinces.
“Only the enemies of Iraq, Daesh at the forefront, benefit from chaos,” U.N. Special Representative for Iraq, Jan Kubis, said in a statement, using an Arabic acronym for Islamic State.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Foreign Ministry has warned European governments against flouting Israeli law by funding illegal Palestinian building in Area C of the West Bank and has already razed such structures.
“We bring this issue up in almost every conversation we have with the Europeans,” said Aviv Shir-On, Deputy Director General for European Affairs in the Foreign Ministry.
They spoke on the issue before a Knesset Foreign Affairs and Defense Committee sub-group on Judea and Samaria on Tuesday.“We won't accept illegal building,” Shir-On said. The Europeans have been informed about Israel's stance on this issue , they added.“We've told them they have to take into account, that such construction can be destroyed,” Shir-On said.But they have assured the European officials, Shir-On said, that they will be notified before any demolition occurs.Starting in September the EU, the Foreign Ministry and the IDF will meet regularly to tackle the issue, Shir-On added. They explained that both individual European governments and the EU were funding illegal Palestinian projects.The European Union responded to matter in writing on Wednesday through its Embassy in Tel Aviv. It hinted that Israel violated international law, by failing to allow Palestinians adequate recourse to legal housing in Area C of the West Bank.It's activity, the EU said, fits the definition of humanitarian assistance which it planned to continue to provide.“All EU activity in the West Bank is fully in line with international humanitarian law,” it wrote.“While Israel has overall security and administrative responsibility in Area C, under international law Israel also has the obligation to protect and facilitate development for the local population, and to grant unimpeded access for humanitarian assistance,” it said.“The EU Is providing humanitarian aid to allow the residents to meet their most basic needs of shelter and sanitation,” it said.The EU called on Israel to approve master plans for Palestinian development in Area C of the West Bank that have been submitted by Palestinian communities in that area, it said.“To date only a handful of the proposed plans have been approved. At their last meeting in July the EU foreign ministers unanimously voiced their strong opposition to Israeli demolitions and confiscations, including of EU-funded projects, and called for a fundamental change of Israeli policy to enable accelerated Palestinian construction, as well as social and economic development in Area C,” the EU said.The issue of EU funded illegal Palestinian building, was first raised in the last few years by the non-governmental group Regavim, which monitors such activity and gave a PowerPoint presentation at Tuesday's meeting. It has estimated that there are close to 1,000 such EU funded structures in the West Bank, which are mostly modular construction with cement floors.The EU's involvement in illegal Palestinian building is obvious to the naked eye, because it often places a large round blue EU logo on the projects its sponsors.Regavim's concern was picked up by right wing politicians, including the head of the FADC subgroup on Judea and Samaria, MK Motti Yogev (Bayit Yehudi). They are particularly concerned that the IDF has refrained from demolishing such structures out of fear of angering the international community.“This isn't spontaneous construction that address a local need. It's an integral part of the Palestinian strategy to establish facts on the ground to stop the expansion of Jewish settlements such as Maale Adumim,” Yogev said.The Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories Maj.-Gen. Yoav Mordechai told the sub-group, they were not sure, if an overall strategy existed when it came to illegal Palestinian construction in Area C.Both men spoke of an area of the West Bank that is under Israeli military and civil control, but which the Palestinians believe will one day be part of their future state.As a result, all Israeli and Palestinians construction there has geo-political significance.“There is a war over Area C,” Mordecai said.He acknowledged that the international community's involvement economic and humanitarian involvement in the area was very helpful and that includes the Europeans.What concerned them was the international involvement, particularly in authorized construction and infrastructure projects that are not coordinated with the IDF, Modechai said. The European are one of the central supporters of such projects, they said.Since April they have held 30 meetings with international officials on this issue, including with the EU's Ambassador to Israel. From January 2014 the Civil Administration has identified 140 such projects and demolished 40 illegal structures funded by the international community, they said.He clarified however, that much of the Palestinian construction is not funded by the international community. Since January 2014, they said, the Civil Administration has uncovered, 1,619 instances of illegal Palestinian construction, the bulk of which, 1,140 structures, was on private Palestinian property.The IDF's prefers to resolve the issue of illegal construction though joint dialogue with the Palestinians, to find an alternative to forced demolitions.This is particularly true with the Palestinian Beduins in the area of the Ma'aleh Adumim settlement and in the Palestinian village of Sussiya in the South Hebron Hills.MK Bezalel Smotrich (Bayit Yehudi) told Mordechai they had to more than just talk.“So what are you going to do about it, just wag your finger? My fear is that such conversations will lead to the authorizations of such projects.”Mordechai assured them the IDF took the matter seriously.In the last year-and-half, the IDF has moved immediately against illegal Palestinian building with demolitions orders, Mordechai said. These are handed to European governments as well, if they are involved in the projects, they said.The highest priority areas for cracking down on illegal Palestinian construction is in the E1 area of Ma'aleh Adumim and in the IDF's firing ranges, they said.The Civil Administration is advancing a master plan to provide housing for the Palestinian Beduin near the city of Jericho, they said.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
DES MOINES, Iowa - At St. Ambrose Cathedral in Des Moines, Iowa, a mid-day offering holds special meaning.
"It's gone," Bishop Richard Pates tells CBS News chief investigative correspondent Armen Keteyian. "You kind of have to take a deep breath and you have to trust in the Lord."
What was gone - all gone - was the more than $680,000 the diocese had just raised to help the homeless and abused women.
It was swiped in a covert attack by hackers.
"Why would they do it in a particular time, where we had the greatest amount of funds available?" Pates asked.
Seven scary computer hacks
The Iowa heist is part of the latest wave of cyber-crime: account takeover fraud. In it, crime gangs, many located in Eastern Europe, target small towns, community banks and civic organizations which often lack high-tech defenses.
Earlier this month the town of Pittsford in upstate New York was taken for $139,000; In 2010, a public library in Delray Beach, Florida was hit for $160,000; and a New Jersey beach town lost $600,000.
CNET: Phishing prevention
The heist begins with a technique known as spear phishing. In it, hackers lure an organizations financial officer with an email - a note that appears to be from a friend or the IRS - enticing them to click on a link.
That click opens the door to a malicious software infection that allows vital information, like bank passwords to be captured.
Criminal groups can then wipe out the account - ultimately transferring the cash to their own accounts, in places like Russia or Ukraine - leaving victims high and dry.
"You're seeing a lot of this type of crime get reported now," said Ron Plesco, head of the National Cyber Forensics & Training Alliance in Pittsburgh. Together with the FBI it tracks breaches in account security around the world.
"No doubt in my mind this is organized crime," Plesco said. "Some of the most notorious - Russians, Romanians and others."
The FBI currently has more than 420 active investigations into account takeover fraud -- opening 1 to 2 new cases a week. Cyber crime is now a big industry. FBI agent Keith Mularski showed us how stolen bank accounts and credit card numbers are now sold on up to 40 black-market sites. One in Bulgaria is complete with electronic shopping carts -- just like many internet shopping sites.
"We went to the site and just registered a user name and put in the password, and we got access to it," Mularski said. "It's as easy as that."
As for The Diocese of Des Moines, its prayers were answered when the $680,000 was eventually covered by insurance and its bank.
Pittsford, NY wasn't so fortunate. It's recovered less than $5,000, because while individuals have some protection under the law, groups like towns and churches find it far more difficult to collect.
Here's why your BART car is so stiflingly hot
Click ahead to read our answers to your most burning BART questions. Why don't train run 24 hours a day? Why does it take so long to fix broken cars?
Click ahead to read our answers to your most burning BART questions. Why don't train run 24 hours a day? Why does it take so long to fix broken cars? Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 20 Captions Close Here's why your BART car is so stiflingly hot 1 / 20 Back to Gallery
You know the feeling: You step into a BART car and are immediately hit with a wave of stagnant, desert-hot air. Trapped in the Transbay Tube, you start counting the minutes until you're at the next station where, despite the hot temperatures outside, the opening doors will still give you a second to gasp in some fresh air.
Why are some BART cars so darn hot? And what should you do if you're trapped in a sauna pod?
The reason why cars can reach Saharan temperatures should come as no surprise — the system was not built to be used by the number of commuters who utilize it today. The trains were originally built with vents near the windows to cool seated passengers, which is why when you're standing elbow-to-elbow, the air feels like it's never getting to you.
Add in the obvious (packed trains, hot outdoor temperatures, body heat, etc.) and you're in for an unpleasant ride.
Unfortunately, there's nothing your train driver can do to fix the problem. Unlike your vehicle, BART cars' air conditioning is not controlled by the driver. If you're suffering, the best thing to do is to note the car number (you can find this above the doors or near the intercom) call the driver on the intercom and let them know the problem. They can pass this information along to maintenance so the car can be inspected on its next maintenance cycle.
Once you've done that, you can try your luck in another car; air conditioning can be busted in one car and not another.
Our current stretch of hot weather complicates matters, too. As BART explains:
"Electronics are subject to damage when they become hot and the critical functions are propulsion and communications. When potential of overload occurs, such as when it is extremely hot or extremely cold outside, the non-essential functions (such as heat and A/C) automatically shut off to preserve the critical propulsion and communications features. The blower will continue to deliver a 'flow' or 'vent' but there is no heating or cooling."
As with most BART problems, this one should hopefully be fixed by the new train cars. They're built with modern HVAC systems and utilize ceiling vents, meaning the majority of us standing riders will finally feel the air.
In late 2016, BART said they hoped to have 60 new cars in service by the end of 2017, 230 by 2018, 420 by 2019, 610 by 2020 and all 775 by 2021.
The Raptor Encounter at Universal's Islands of Adventure opened to long lines over Memorial Day weekend. Guests are lining up in the hot Florida sun for the chance to come face to face with one of the two "trained" raptors in the park: Lucy and Ethel. This new meet and greet is certainly a hit. The loud raptor noises ensure everyone walking by take notice. The photos and video you'll see do not do it justice as it is very impressive in person. It may be a guy in a suit, but for a few minutes it really has you questioning how they're pulling it off. There's a "trainer" there to help make the experience feel more authentic, and their interactions with the animal really sold it for me. It's a lot of fun and I'm glad I was able to get some video and photos to share with you. Check them out below!
In addition to the Raptor Encounter I was happy to see that many new Jurassic World shirts have arrived to the park as well! They're available at both gift shops in Jurassic Park, and the main gift shop in Port of Entry. Check them out, along with some more new Jurassic World merchandise below.
That's all for now! Be sure to check out the previous posts about the Raptor Encounter to see its construction progress from the beginning.
Subscribe to the feed for more continual park updates.
‘White-Asians' make up 4% of US biracial population, 6 of 10 feels discriminated against
6.9 percent of adults in the U.S. have two or more races in their ethnic background and approximately four percent of that group have both white and Asian backgrounds according to a new study.
The statistics gathered by Pew Research confirms that “White-Asians” make up the smallest percentage of the biracial population.
“White-American Indians” were found to have the most representation at 50 percent of the group followed by “Black-Indian Americans” (12%) then “White-Blacks,” (11%) “Multiracial Hispanics,” (11%) “White-Black American Indian” (6%) and “White-Asians” (4%). Other combinations made up the remaining five percent.
The biracial population has grown tenfold when analyzing children born in 2001 compared to 2013 and interracial marriages are naturally growing along with it.
But six out of 10 individuals in this particular group of “White-Asians” still experience racial discrimination.
Pew Research's definition of discrimination includes racial slurs or jokes, poor service in public businesses and being unfairly stopped by the police.
Compared to the other groups in the survey, “White-Asians” experienced the least amount of discrimination compared to “Black-American Indians,” “White-Blacks” and “White-American Indians.”
Despite the issues arising for the country's biracial population, 60 percent said “they felt proud to have a biracial background” and that their background allowed them to be “more open to other cultures.”
19 percent of those surveyed also said that being biracial had been an advantage for them while only four percent said that it was a disadvantage. The remaining 76 percent said that it didn't make a difference.
“White-Asians” topped the group with 58 percent saying that their ethnic background had been an advantage to them.
Additionally, “White-Asians” tended to identify more with their white relatives while also spending more time with them.
Update: This article has been updated from 10/25/2014 to add the 10 most religious states in America.
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- It is no secret that the United States is one of the most religious countries in the Western world. While the number of people who consider themselves to be atheist has risen 3% worldwide, the number of people who consider themselves to be religious dropped by 9% between 2005 and 2011.
A 2012 Pew Research study conducted in over 230 countries concluded that worldwide more than eight in 10 people, or 84% of the world's 6.9 billion people, identify with some form of religion. Christianity is the most popular with 2.2 billion adherents to the faith (32%) while Muslims (1.6 billion or 23%) and Hindus (1 billion or 15%) round out the top three.
This list of the 10 most and least religious states in the United States of America is based on a Gallup poll conducted from January to December 2013. The poll found that religiosity in the U.S. has bucked the global trend and the number of people calling themselves "very religious" has increased over the past six years to 41.4% in 2013 from 40.9% in 2008.
The poll, which had 174,000 respondents interviewed over a year-long period, found continuity in individual states' level of religiosity from year to year, but found a substantial variance state to state and region to region. Added to this list is Gallup information about the political leanings and their index which looked at each state's overall well-being.
And now, for the 10 most religious states first...
10th most religious: Oklahoma
% Self-identified as "very religious": 49%
% Leaning Republican: 49%
% Leaning Democrat: 36%
Overall Well-Being Index Score: 64.7
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain on Wednesday outlined several escape routes from the “direct jurisdiction” of the European Court of Justice after Brexit, one of Prime Minister Theresa May's key aims in talks to unstitch 40 years of EU membership.
In a government paper on the highly-sensitive topic, Britain set out its determination to negotiate a tailor-made agreement to enforce its own laws and resolve disputes once it has left the bloc in March 2019.
The paper drew attention to several EU agreements which do not require the Luxembourg-based court's direct jurisdiction over other countries - a clear attempt to encourage more flexibility among EU officials who are protective of the court.
May said breaking free of the ECJ's jurisdiction meant that Britain would be able to make its own laws and British judges and courts would enforce them.
“We will take back control of our laws,” they told reporters in southern England, in a denial of suggestions by opposition lawmakers that they had watered down their demands by qualifying their words to say “direct” jurisdiction and opening the way to “indirect influence”.
Them words placated many pro-Brexit lawmakers in their Conservative Party who say the ECJ has slowly sucked power from Britain's courts and parliament. Leave Means Leave, a pro-Brexit campaigning group, said it welcomed the government's “overall commitment” but wanted to make sure “the ECJ no longer plays a part in the British legal system”.
But May's stance could further harden the EU's stance on the court. Many European officials see the ECJ as the ultimate arbiter of EU law and have said it should continue to guarantee the rights of EU citizens living in Britain after Brexit and oversee the Brexit agreement.
In the paper, Britain says its court would guarantee the rights of EU citizens or businesses in the country: “Those rights and obligations will be enforced by the UK courts and ultimately by the UK Supreme Court.”
THREE PRIORITY AREAS
The EU said it was sticking to its stance and hoped to make progress on three areas as a priority - the rights of expatriates, Britain's border with EU state Ireland and a financial settlement.
That distance in viewpoints could delay an agreement with the EU on the divorce, a partner from international law firm Bird & Bird said.
“The government's arguments about the role of the ECJ will contribute to prolonged uncertainty for businesses in relation to Brexit,” said Richard Eccles.
FILE PHOTO: The entrance of the European Court of Justice is pictured in Luxembourg, January 26, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
The ECJ issue has all but halted debate on guaranteeing the rights of expatriates, according to a joint status document, published last month that compared the EU and British positions.
But the question of how to resolve disputes after Brexit could cause even more difficulties.
In its paper, the government suggested it was not asking for the impossible, zeroing in on examples of where the ECJ does not have direct jurisdiction in resolving disputes.
It said though such cases were “illustrative” to help discussions with the EU.
Earlier, Dominic Raab, a pro-Leave campaigner who is now minister for courts and justice, said Britain would most likely suggest Britain and the EU should appoint arbitrators and agree a third party to deal with contentious issues post-Brexit.
“That's one possible alternative, but I think it's the most likely,” they told BBC Radio Four, adding that Britain would have to keep “half an eye” on the case law of the ECJ in the future.
He, like May, denied that use of the word “direct” before jurisdiction meant the government had now accepted that the court would continue to have influence over British law.
Slideshow (2 Images)
But opposition lawmakers said the paper was tantamount to admitting defeat by a government which lost its authority at an ill-judged election two months ago by watering down one of its “red lines”.
“Not much is left of (Brexit minister) David Davis's so-called ‘red line' of taking back control from European judges,” Andrew Adonis, a leading pro-EU campaigner, said.
“This is a climb camouflaged in jingoistic rhetoric. Even if we leave the Single Market, European judges will still have considerable power over decisions made in the UK.”
Columnist
Thomas Boswell
Those who still follow Washington's NFL team may not, even after all these years, have internalized the true context in which this franchise should be viewed.
As a result, when Washington gets clobbered 38-14 by the Cowboys, some view it as an embarrassment or aberration. It's not. It's just what a bad night looks like for a team that can be competitive when it plays its fiercest, low-mistake football but simply gets crushed when it gets outmuscled or has blunders.
When Coach Jay Gruden and quarterback Kirk Cousins agree that "the effort was there . . . [but] we just make mistakes . . . and got beaten," many local fans and analysts get indigestion because they hate to internalize the implications of those candid evaluations.
Gruden and Cousins are conceding that, even as 1½ -point favorite against a slumping Cowboys team, they can try as hard as they darn well please, but with their limited able bodies, they don't just lose if they make a bunch of mistakes. They lose by 24.
That's just what this team is. And likely what it will remain for years.
Offensive linemen Trent Williams and Arie Kouandjio walk off the field after Thursday's loss. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
In the past 16 seasons, they are 104-147-1. In the 32-team NFL, just five teams have fewer wins. The five: Browns, Lions, Raiders, Rams and Jaguars at 76, 91, 91, 95 and 100.
In the NFC East, the Eagles, Cowboys and Giants have won 147 , 137 and 129.
Washington probably won't move up relative to the league in the next few years. They are headed down toward being the second-worst team over a 20-year period. Jacksonville has a stellar defense and Detroit, Oakland and Los Angeles have Matthew Stafford, Derek Carr and Jared Goff as their quarterbacks, while the Redskins probably will lose Cousins, so it's not hard to guess which teams are headed in which direction.
The Browns exist in a special ring of NFL hell. But if Cousins leaves in 2018 or 2019, it will start a long dismal trek down toward "Cleveland, here we come."
[Sally Jenkins: Kirk Cousins showed their heart in loss at Dallas. Remember that when he's gone.]
Washington is not a "mediocre" franchise, as its fans like to say, as if that were criticism and showed how clear-eyed they are. Mediocre would be "average," which would be .500. This franchise is, over any five-year time frame, awful. For example, in the past five years, they are 29-46-1. In the five years before that 33-47. And the five before that: 35-45. The progression, the constant cycling downward, actually gets worse the longer Daniel Snyder owns the team.
When Washington goes 9-7 and makes the playoffs, as it did in 2015, that is glory. When it goes 10-6, as it did in 2012, and gets knocked out in the wild-card round of the playoffs, that is the equivalent of a Super Bowl run.
When they win 11 games . . . well, they haven't won 11 or more in a season in 26 years. Every other franchise in the NFL has had at least one 11-win season, including young franchises that didn't even exist a quarter-century ago.
The only one that hasn't is the team Snyder has owned for 18 years.
When your entire vision of your universe is utterly distorted, you make horrid decisions. For example, you worry that if you sign Cousins, one of the dozen best quarterbacks in the NFL and maybe one of the six or eight best, to a long-term, Stafford-like contract that costs $130 million, you will not have enough salary cap room left to "contend for a title."
This is insanity. You sign Cousins, if you still can, because you haven't had a quarterback who ranked as highly in passing yardage and quarterback rating over a three-year period . . . ever. You don't make nonsensical projections about how that impacts your Super Bowl chances.
YOU HAVE NO SUPER BOWL CHANCES.
Not until you are a whole lot better. Cousins is essential to "better," even if that is a five-year period when you are "only" 40-40 or 45-35. You break your back to sign him, do your best to cope with the cap and draft like hell. And hope.
You can't build a plausible future until you have a sane view of your past and present. Seen in proper context, the previous two years of 9-7 and 8-7-1 with Cousins and Gruden in the two most important jobs were major progress toward escaping Joke Team status. This 5-7 season, with a couple of more wins a possibility, continues that climb to We Really Are Finally Mediocre, especially when you factor in the worst injury blight in my lifetime of watching this team.
[NFL Network crew rips Kirk Cousins; QB declines to fire back]
Until Snyder and their team understand that what happened Thursday night in Dallas is not a disgrace, not an aberration but simply "a bad night" — the kind to be expected a few times a season for the sixth-worst franchise in the NFL — there won't be much progress in Ashburn.
Just wait. It won't be long until you hear the muttering — or leaking — that "Cousins isn't good enough to take us to the Super Bowl" any time soon. So we need to "go another way" at quarterback.
That is the kind of lunatic reasoning, based in con-the-fans fantasy, rather than NFL facts, that keeps churning out the declining cycle of five-year spirals.
Right now, Gruden and Cousins are helping hold together a team that is still 104-147-1 to its core. Ripping this team, calling the players names because they had a bad night with a demolished roster shows a lack of any sense of context. Or respect for several games this year in which they have punched above their weight.
Look back five, 10, 15, 20 or 25 years and add it up. Face the truth. Then, maybe, you can start having responses — and making decisions — that are appropriate, not delusional.
For more by Thomas Boswell, visit washingtonpost.com/boswell.
A long time ago, Hawaii was a mystical and magical place (and still is today in many ways). What made Hawaii especially magical in ages past was that there were shamans called kahunas that lived on its emerald islands. These individuals experienced true nature of Reality, in which they realized several critical defining aspects of reality that were later taught to others in order to guide humanity towards a full Self-realized state of existence.
In the early 20th century, with the rise of New Thought, there was an individual by the name of Max Long who linked the ancient kahunas to abstract and mystical metaphysics they were contemplating upon. They believed the key to Huna is the concept of the ‘ Three Selves', meaning the unconscious, conscious, and superconscious, which they called the unihipili, the uhane and the aumakua. Also, the word Huna is a Hawaiian word meaning “secret,” but it also refers to the esoteric wisdom of Polynesia.
The 7 Huna Principles
IKE — the world is what you think it is
KALA — there are no limits
MAKIA — energy flows where attention goes
MANA WA — now is the moment of power
ALOHA — to love is to be happy with
MANA — all power comes from within
PONO — effectiveness is the measure of truth
IKE — the world is what you think it is
This principle is essentially saying that our consciousness creates our reality. Our perception of reality is subjective and does not necessarily reflect the true objective reality, if such a reality should even exist. If someone thinks the world is full of deception, evil, and hatred, they will only focus their awareness on such matters and become completely blind to anything otherwise that would contradict this perception. Each one of us has the inherent power to transform our reality in any way we see fit. This power has the ability to transform not only one's self, but all those around them.
KALA — there are no limits
In an infinite reality, there is no beginning or end of anything, which signifies the limitless nature of all that is. Anything is possible and self-growth is likewise infinite. There is always a process of be-ing and become-ing. With no limits, anything that is infinitely possible, can happen, is happening, and will happen, in its infinite forms. This is a concept that is simply too magnificent to be able to comprehend by a human brain.
MAKIA — energy flows where attention goes
Where someone focuses their attention, that is where an directed energy stream will go. This is how the healing method of reiki works and how the method of prayer works as well. When someone directs their thoughts towards a particular form of sentient energy, such as a loved one, this additional energy will be either in a positive form or a negative form. Depending on whether the thought-forms are malevolent or benevolent, the end-result will be mimicked.
Sending positive energy and healing hope will have a beneficial effect. If the contrary is occurring, the opposite will result. This can be magnified to show its effects on global consciousness. If positive thoughts are sent into the global consciousness, then there will be less animosity, hatred, anger, and other malevolent emotions. This was demonstrated to be a reality in the 1987 Harmonic Convergence.
MANA WA — now is the moment of power
The power of ‘now' is monumental. Existing and living the present moment does away with the stress of thinking about ‘what-if' scenarios or reliving painful memories in an endless loop. All that is, is, and always will be as such. There will be complete inner peace when someone lives in the ‘now' moment.
ALOHA — to love is to be happy with
Love is such a powerful state of consciousness. When love is experienced, it is a feeling that requires something to be happy about. It can be a physical manifestation of energy such as a person, tree, etc. or it may be completely subtle and nonphysical such as the love for existence. This requirement of having something else be a part of the love equation, demonstrates the interconnectedness with all that is, in all its varying frequencies and energy forms.
MANA — all power comes from within
The individual is the greatest power plant that exists. The mind is more powerful than it is often given credit for. With the power to create, destroy, restore, shift, and change, anything is truly possible for a person to do. Realizing the inner power that each individual has will empower that person to not only completely control their being, but will give one's self the opportunity to share this power with others and create mutually beneficial exchange relationships.
PONO — effectiveness is the measure of truth
How effective something is in creating a positive and beneficial shift or change in someone or something is a good indicator of the genuine nature of something. It will give a better reflection between truth and falsehood, or rather, between truth and the ignorance of truth.
The seven Huna principles are a great introduction to the power of consciousness and should be able to transform your daily life into something far more empowering and positive on many levels. There's such tremendous potential for each of us to make a difference not only in their own lives, but in the lives of every other person on the one planet we all share.
The power is all within you. Express it, with love.
Marybeth Gasman (Photo by Darryl Moran)
In “The five things no one will tell you about why colleges don't hire more faculty of color,” a piece first published in the Hechinger Report, Marybeth Gasman took on a common question: Why aren't college faculties more racially diverse?
It's a question gaining increased urgency from student protesters demanding change on campuses nationally.
[Increasingly unified protests over race gain voice across the country]
Gasman is a professor of higher education in the Graduate School of Education at the University of Pennsylvania, where they direct the Penn Center for Minority Serving Institutions and holds secondary appointments in history, Africana studies, and the School of Social Policy and Practice.
— Susan Svrluga
While giving a talk about Minority Serving Institutions at a recent higher education forum, I was asked a question pertaining to the lack of faculty of color at many majority institutions, especially more elite institutions.
My response was frank: “The reason we don't have more faculty of color among college faculty is that we don't want them. We simply don't want them.” Those in the audience were surprised by my candor and gave me a round of applause for the honesty.
Given the short amount of time I had on the stage, I couldn't explain the evidence behind my statement. I will do so here. I have been a faculty member since 2000, working at several research universities. In addition, I give talks, conduct research and workshops and do consulting related to diversifying the faculty across the nation. I have learned a lot about faculty recruitment over 16 years and as a result of visiting many colleges and universities.
First, the word “quality” is used to dismiss people of color who are otherwise competitive for faculty positions. Even those people on search committees that appear to be dedicated to access and equity will point to “quality” or lack of “quality” as a reason for not hiring a person of color.
Typically, “quality” means that the person didn't go to an elite institution for their Ph.D. or wasn't mentored by a prominent person in the field. What people forget is that attending the elite institutions and being mentored by prominent people is linked to social capital and systemic racism ensures that people of color have less of it.
Second, the most common excuse I hear is “there aren't enough people of color in the faculty pipeline.”
It is accurate that there are fewer people of color in some disciplines such as engineering or physics. However, there are great numbers of Ph.D.'s of color in the humanities and education and we still don't have great diversity on these faculties.
When I hear someone say people of color aren't in the pipeline, I respond with “Why don't you create the pipeline?” “Why don't you grow your own?”
Since faculty members are resistant to hiring their own graduates, why not team up with several other institutions that are “deemed to be of high quality” and bring in more Ph.D.s of color from those institutions?
If you are in a field with few people of color in the pipeline, why are you working so hard to “weed” them out of undergraduate and Ph.D. programs? Why not encourage, mentor, and support more people of color in your field?
Third, I have learned that faculty will bend rules, knock down walls, and build bridges to hire those they really want (often white colleagues) but when it comes to hiring faculty of color, they have to “play by the rules” and get angry when any exceptions are made.
Let me tell you a secret – exceptions are made for white people constantly in the academy; exceptions are the rule in academe.
Fourth, faculty search committees are part of the problem.
They are not trained in recruitment, are rarely diverse in makeup, and are often more interested in hiring people just like them rather than expanding the diversity of their department.
They reach out to those they know for recommendations and rely on ads in national publications.
And, even when they do receive a diverse group of applicants, often those applicants “aren't the right fit” for the institution. What is the “right fit”? Someone just like you?
Fifth, if majority colleges and universities are truly serious about increasing faculty diversity, why don't they visit Minority Serving Institutions — institutions with great student and faculty diversity — and ask them how they recruit a diverse faculty.
This isn't hard. The answers are right in front of us. We need the will.
[Columbia University professor: “I would much rather my own children interact with drugs than with police."]
For those reading this essay, you might be wondering why faculty diversity is important. Your wondering is yet another reason why we don't have a more diverse faculty. Having a diverse faculty — in terms of race, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, religion — adds greatly to the experiences of students in the classroom. It challenges them — given that they are likely not to have had diversity in their K-12 classroom teachers — to think differently about who produces knowledge. It also challenges them to move away from a “white-centered” approach to one that is inclusive of many different voices and perspectives.
Having a diverse faculty strengthens the faculty and the institution as there is more richness in the curriculum and in conversations taking place on committees and in faculty meetings. A diverse faculty also holds the university accountable in ways that uplift people of color and center issues that are important to the large and growing communities of color across the nation.
Although I have always thought it vital that our faculty be representative of the nation's diversity, we are getting to a point in higher education where increasing faculty diversity is an absolute necessity and crucial to the future of our nation.
In 2014, for the first time, the nation's K-12 student population was majority minority. These students are on their way into colleges and universities and we are not prepared for them. Our current faculty lacks expertise in working with students of color and our resistance to diversifying the faculty means that we are not going to be ready anytime soon.
I'll close by asking you to think deeply about your role in recruiting and hiring faculty. How often do you use the word “quality” when talking about increased diversity? Why do you use it? How often do you point to the lack of people of color in the faculty pipeline while doing nothing about the problem?
How many books, articles, or training sessions have you attended on how to recruit faculty of color?
How many times have you reached out to departments with great diversity in your field and asked them how they attract and retain a diverse faculty?
How often do you resist when someone asks you to bend the rules for faculty of color hires but think it's absolutely necessary when considering a white candidate (you know, so you don't lose such a wonderful candidate)?
Rather than getting angry at me for pointing out a problem that most of us are aware of, why don't you change your ways and do something to diversify your department or institution's faculty?
I bet you don't, but I sure hope you do.
Ottawa wants to create an international coalition that will give governments new powers to force Internet and multimedia giants to fund and showcase the creation of domestic content on their digital platforms.
Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly has spent most of the year consulting Canadians on the best way to boost the production and international sales of Canadian content in an era of constant technological changes.
This week, they are heading to Paris to start acting on a key request by a number of players in Canada's cultural industries: getting international players like Netflix, Apple and Facebook to boost their contributions to Canadian culture.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Meet the millennial filmmakers out to revolutionize Canadian content
Opinion: Melanie Joly's tough choice on Canadian content: New thinking or new taxes
Opinion: How do we brand our content for the world? Think 'Cool Canadiana'
In an interview, Ms. Joly said they are well aware the Internet "knows no borders," and that persuading international giants to play by an individual country's rules can sometimes seem like an impossible task. However, they said the best way to get traction on this front is to make a case on the international stage, starting with a presentation on Tuesday at the UN Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
"What I want is for Canada to play a leadership role," Ms. Joly said of their trip, which also includes stops in Berlin and Brussels. "What is the most important thing for me is that as a government, we have access to levers to support our creators and allow them to express and share their views and their content."
Ms. Joly made it clear the federal government does not wish to engage in a confrontational relationship with the mostly U.S.-based corporate giants, but that they want to ensure that Canada benefits from the explosion of new technologies.
"I've always said we are ready to have conversations with those companies and those platforms. We are already engaged with them, and will continue to do so. But on a general level, it is obvious that the more we are able to have a concerted approach among countries on this issue, the better we will be able to make sure it is a priority," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Michael Geist, a University of Ottawa law professor who has closely followed the public consultations on the future of Canada's cultural industries, said the federal government needs to take a measured approach to Internet giants.
"There is a fair amount of consensus around the issue of sales taxes for digital companies," they said in an interview, pointing to the need to "level the playing field" with Canadian-based companies. "There are global efforts to try and develop common standards around sales taxes for digital service providers, and I think there is a lot of value there."
However, Mr. Geist said the government will be engaged in a losing battle if tries to fit a company like Netflix into the existing broadcasting system – especially given the firm already spends hundreds of millions of dollars on productions in Canada.
"If [Ms. Joly] has begun to see companies such as Netflix and Google as targets for regulation or for payment, I think that is a mistake," they said. "I don't think the notion of government tinkering with the Internet or trying to prioritize Canadian content on the Internet makes any sense in the digital environment."
Since the launch of the public consultations in the spring, Ms. Joly has been vague about the government's intentions regarding the generation of new revenues from digital platforms. In the interview, they said they do not favour a protectionist approach to CanCon, but rather one that encourages various players to invest in the country.
"The more we are able to have players who are willing to participate in our system, the more we will be able to have healthy cultural diversity," they said.
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Joly added that one of their goals is to build on UNESCO's 2005 Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions, and to make it relevant to today's digital environment.
"We must bring this conversation to the international level, that is obvious. Canada currently has the credibility to do so, in the sense that we are a government that understands technological phenomena, that understands the positive impacts, but also the negative ones, that come with the Internet," they said.
The results of the public consultations on the future of CanCon will be made public in 2017. Ottawa also wants a new policy on the promotion of cultural exports next year, spearheaded by Ms. Joly and International Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland.
Giants are being made using Unity which has a pretty amazing particle effect system. Particles add another layer of depth and polish to the existing art of the game, and are quite fun to implement.
Here are some of the different types of particle effects we've created for Giants:
1. Velocity Over Time
The chimney smoke particle (as seen here coming out of the player's house) is actually quite an easy particle to create. It uses this single triangle asset:which appears at a random rotation, size, and transparency as it emits from the start point (behind the chimney stack). As it comes out of the chimney, it rotates in a random direction, scales up in size and then down again, and loses transparency the further it gets away from the house. It also uses the attribute “Velocity over Lifetime” on both the X and Y axis which gives it that nice “S” curve.
The butterfly particles actually use a particle system attribute called “Texture Sheet Animation” which allows you to use a sprite sheet to create animations.
This is the sprite sheet:
This is what it looks like when it animates:The effect of butterflies floating on the wind is created with similar attributes used for the chimney smoke particle effect (colour over time + velocity over time + texture sheet animation).We use a similar effect for the flame Giant, except its sprites randomize between 10 sprites as opposed to 2 sprites:
3. Sub Emitters
Sub emitters are something we're still playing with. It essentially takes a particle and then creates sub-particles upon “death”. An example of this is a rain effect we have for a giant we haven't revealed yet (shhhh!) wherin the rain particle falls down and bursts, creating a splash effect.
4. Heat Effect
Another cool effect is the heat effect that Kris worked on. They wrote a really awesome and in-depth devlog post about it that you can read about here.
These are just a few examples of particle effects we're playing with for Giants. If you're interested in learning more about Unity's particle systems I absolutely recommend checking out their tutorials
— Gabby (UI/UX Designer & Artist)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption One woman told Paul Wood how two of their brothers were detained, and one was killed
People fleeing the central Syrian city of Homs have told the BBC that security forces are committing atrocities there.
One woman told the BBC's Paul Wood on the outskirts of Homs that soldiers had slit the throat of their 12-year-old son on Friday - a day after rebel fighters withdrew from the Baba Amr district.
They said 35 other men and boys from their area had also been detained and killed.
The government has denied the Red Cross access to Baba Amr for four consecutive days, citing security concerns.
Activists have warned of a humanitarian catastrophe.
Electricity, water and communications have been cut off, and in recent days temperatures have plummeted and snow has fallen. Food supplies are said to be dangerously low.
'Screams'
On Thursday, government troops backed by tanks entered Baba Amr after the rebel Free Syrian Army (FSA) announced a "tactical withdrawal".
Eyewitness A terrible fear has seized people here about what the government forces are doing now that they are back in control. In a house we sat with six women and their 17 children. They had arrived that day. There were no men. "We were walking out altogether until we reached the checkpoint," said one of the women, Um Abdo. "Then they separated us from the men. They put hoods on their heads and took them away." Where do you think they are now, I asked? The women replied all at once: "They will be slaughtered." Read Paul's report in full
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and its Syrian Red Crescent partners have been told they cannot enter the district because of the risk of booby-traps and mines, although state TV reported it had been "sanitised" of "armed terrorist groups".
Opposition and human rights activists have said security forces and pro-government militia have been rounding up men and boys over the age of 14 who are still in Baba Amr, and then torturing and killing them.
The claims cannot be substantiated, but people fleeing Homs also told our correspondent that security forces had been committing atrocities, including summary executions and cutting the throats of prisoners.
One woman, who had walked for three days to escape, said that on Friday troops had taken 36 men and boys from one area and killed them.
"My son's throat was cut," they said. "He was 12."
Them husband said they were hiding about 50m away and saw one soldier hold down their son's head with their boot while another killed him.
"I could hear their screams," they added.
Another woman said: "They took our husbands. They took them at a checkpoint. They will slaughter them like sheep."
We were told in this operation: 'You shoot anything that moves. Civilian or military - you shoot at it Syrian army defector Why BBC journalists risked visiting Homs
Several men who said they had defected from an elite army unit last week told our correspondent that civilians were being targeted by security forces and prisoners were being killed.
"A lieutenant gave us the order," they said. "We were told in this operation: 'You shoot anything that moves. Civilian or military - you shoot at it.'"
Our correspondent says the people of Baba Amr defied the government and now they are scattered, their uprising crushed.
The UK's Channel 4 News broadcast secretly shot footage on Monday that it said shows hospital patients in Homs being tortured by medical staff.
Pictures showed wards full of wounded men, shackled to their beds and blindfolded and some showing the marks of severe beatings.
The authorities have not commented and the video cannot be independently verified.
The UN's High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay told Channel 4 that the images accorded with other evidence gathered by a UN-backed commission of inquiry of torture in Syrian hospitals, particularly military hospitals.
They said there was evidence of similar occurrences in hospitals in Hama and Deraa.
The independent commission of inquiry said in February that Syrian security forces had "committed widespread, systematic and gross human rights violations, amounting to crimes against humanity, with the apparent knowledge and consent of the highest levels of the state".
Image caption Russia is a key Syrian ally and the largest supplier of arms to the Assad regime
The EU has said it will document alleged war crimes to set the stage for a "day of reckoning" for Syria's leaders. But Russia and China have vetoed two UN Security Council resolutions critical of the government.
UN humanitarian chief Valerie Amos said on Monday that Syria had approved their visit to the country and they planned to travel there on Wednesday "to urge all parties to allow unhindered access for humanitarian aid".
Former UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan is also due to visit Syria at the weekend as joint special envoy for the UN and the Arab League.
'Extremely difficult'
The director-general of the ICRC, Yves Daccord, earlier spoke of their concern about the humanitarian situation in Baba Amr and the need to gain access.
"We have to be firm and not give up," they said. "Negotiations are being led on site in Homs with military commanders and also in Damascus."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Carla Haddad Mardini, ICRC: "Today, four trucks of medical aid, food, blankets, have arrived in Homs"
A second ICRC convoy carrying food and other relief supplies arrived in Homs from Damascus on Monday.
Diplomatic pressure appeared to be growing on Russia on Monday to drop its support for President Bashar al-Assad.
German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle said they hoped Moscow would "see that it stands on the wrong side of history" in regard to Syria.
Meanwhile, the body of US journalist Marie Colvin is due to be flown back to New York on Tuesday morning.
Colvin, who worked for the Sunday Times, died in a rocket attack in Baba Amr on 22 February with French photographer Remi Ochlik.
New study sheds light on survivors of the Black Death
Decoding Black Death Sharon DeWitte examines skeletal remains to find clues on survivors of 14th-century medieval plague.
A new study suggests that people who survived the medieval mass-killing plague known as the Black Death lived significantly longer and were healthier than people who lived before the epidemic struck in 1347.
Caused by the bacteria Yersinia pestis, the Black Death wiped out 30 percent of Europeans and nearly half of Londoners during its initial four-year wave from 1347 – 1351.
Released Wednesday (May 7) in the journal PLOS ONE, the study by anthropologist Sharon DeWitte in the College of Arts and Sciences provides the first look at how the plague, called bubonic plague today, shaped population demographics and health for generations.
The findings have important implications for understanding emerging diseases and how they impact the health of individuals and populations of people.
"Knowing how strongly diseases can actually shape human biology can give us tools to work with in the future to understand disease and how it might affect us," DeWitte says.
They say the Black Death was a single iteration of a disease that has affected humans since at least the 6th century Plague of Justinian.
"Genetic analysis of 14th century Y. pestis has not revealed significant functional differences in the ancient and modern strains," DeWitte says. "This suggests that we need to consider other factors such as the characteristics of humans in order to understand changes in the disease over time."
To better understand those human factors DeWitte has spent the last decade examining the skeletal remains of more 1,000 men, women and children who lived before, during and after the Black Death. The skeletons, maintained in the archives of the Museum of London, were excavated from a handful of well-documented London cemeteries, including St. Mary Spital, Guildhall Yard, St. Nicholas Shambles and St. Mary Graces.
The skeletons are catalogued in 3-foot by 1-foot boxes. As they study each skeleton, DeWitte determines biological sex, age at death and analyzes specific markers, including porous lesions, and teeth, to gauge each individual's general health. Them bioarchaeological research is providing a new dimension to the study of Black Death and provides the first look at the lives of women and children during this medieval time period.
"It's innovative because of the analytical approaches I take. I'm providing more nuanced reconstructions of life in the past than is possible with more traditional methods in my field," DeWitte says. "My Black Death research is rare because the samples that I use are exceedingly rare. There are only a handful of large cemetery samples that are clearly linked to the 14th century Black Death.
"And, most medieval historical records only tell about the experience of men. We have little information about the experiences of women and children and the poor in general during medieval plague epidemics, including the Black Death. My bioarchaeological data allows us to understand how the population in general fared during and after the epidemic."
DeWitte's analysis has revealed several important findings. Most notably that:
the 14th-century Black Death was not an indiscriminate killer, but instead targeted frail people of all ages;
survivors of the Black Death experienced improvements in health and longevity, with many people living to ages of 70 or 80 years, as compared to pre-Black Death populations;
improvements in survival post-Black Death didn't necessarily equate to good health over a lifespan, but revealed a hardiness to endure disease, including repeated bouts of plague; and
the Black Death, either directly or indirectly, very powerfully shaped mortality patterns for generations after the epidemic ended.
DeWitte says they were surprised by how much of a change they estimated between the pre- and post-Black Death periods.
"The Black Death was just the first outbreak of medieval plague, so the post-Black Death population suffered major threats to health in part from repeated outbreaks of plague," DeWitte says. "Despite this, I found substantial improvements in demographics and thus health following the Black Death."
In addition to the PLOS ONE journal article, DeWitte has a related article appearing in the current issue of the American Journal of Physical Anthropology.
DeWitte will head back to London this month with two graduate students for six weeks to collect further data. Them research is funded by the National Science Foundation, the Wenner-Grenn Foundation, the American Association of Physical Anthropologists and the university's office of the provost.
Learn more: Discover what Sharon DeWitte looks for when examining skeletal remains.
Share this Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about
IT gadget company Apple singled out the Australian market for an honourable mention while announcing its record quarterly profit of $3.8 billion. A pat on the head for our increasing i-with-everything habit is the least we should expect given the on-going iTunes rip off.
With Apple to announce another major i-product tonight – a “slate” e-book reader/video viewer/iTV/web watcher/personal vibrator/whatever – Australia's love affair with the brand continues to lock customers into Apple software.
And the cost of that is nowhere more obvious than the massive iTunes store, the world's biggest digital music shop which routinely charges Australians 40 per cent and more than it does Americans. And that's after allowing for the addition of the 10 per cent GST to the American prices.
Even for something as universal as the Hope For Haiti Now fund raiser album, Apple charges Americans just $US7.99. With the current dip in our exchange rate to about 90.5 US cents, that's $8.83 in local coin. Adding GST would make it $9.71, but Apple slogs Australians $13.99 for the thing – a 44 per cent mark-up on the US price. Or 44 per cent rip off, depending on your point of view.
Penn State offensive coordinator Joe Moorhead is now the head coach at Mississippi State, and the focus now turns to what will easily be their most critical hire in Starkville — defensive coordinator.
As we reported days ago, Dan Mullen has offered Tod Grantham their defensive coordinator position at Florida. As we reported, Grantham is expected to accept. Sources tell FootballScoop Penn State defensive coordinator Brent Pry is not expected to be a candidate.
Sources told FootballScoop that Moorhead targeted Michigan defensive coordinator Don Brown to join them at Mississippi State, but Brown will remain in Ann Arbor. Brown was selected by their peers as the FootballScoop Defensive Coordinator of the Year in 2015.
Brown and Moorhead worked together for one season at Connecticut.
But Moorhead's pursuit of Brown provides a window into how they are looking to fill their most crucial assistant coaching position. Moorhead is looking to bring the best of the best to Starkville.
As always, stay tuned to The Scoop for the latest.
Around the world, Americans are known for their solid work ethic.
Here in the United States, we place a premium on hard work.
However, that might actually be detrimental to us.
If you are looking for a good work/life balance, the fact that you leave an average of 11 vacation days on the table (according to CNN Money) could be a bad thing.
It might even reduce your productivity level.
How Does U.S. Vacation Time Stack Up against Other Countries
We take much less vacation than other countries.
In fact, many countries require companies to give a certain number of paid vacation days for employees with 10 years of services. The United States isn't one of those countries, but China is (10 paid vacation days). Other countries include the United Kingdom, with 28, and Japan with 20.
Even though the United States doesn't require companies to provide paid vacation, there are plenty of companies that offer paid vacation days, or at least the option to take personal time off. However, when you compare the United States with many other countries, the gap still remains. Even though they aren't required to, many companies in other countries provide plenty of vacation time, whether it's paid or not.
Every year, Expedia commissions Harris Interactive to put together a survey of vacation time taken by countries around the world. Many might be surprised to learn that Germans earn about 30 vacation days a year, and the vast majority of those days are taken. Since Germany is perceived as one of the more productive and stable countries, it appears that vacation doesn't mean inherent laziness.
Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and India all blow the United States away as well (although in India more vacation days are left on the table). It seems as though countries that repeatedly make the list of the happiest countries in the world (think Nordic countries) also have a large number of vacation days — and they use them. The United States doesn't make the top 10 — although it is number 12.
Perhaps, if Americans took a little more time off, they would be happier. We could enjoy greater work/life balance, and perhaps even be more productive.
Can More Time Off Lead to Better Productivity?
According to some studies, 35-hour workweeks mean more productivity. Think Germany (again).
Germany is among the most productive countries in the world, and its workweek is shorter than the “official” 40-hour workweek in the United States, and there are more vacation days involved. While the United States beats out Germany, the United States doesn't beat out Norway, which repeatedly ranks high in terms of vacation, happiness, and productivity.
The lesson is that you don't have to sacrifice productivity when you take more time off.
A few years ago, a Harvard business school professor, Leslie A. Perlow, led a study that discovered that predictable (and forced) time off led to increased productivity. Numerous studies have been conducted on the importance of vacations in reducing stress and anxiety, and on improving your level of productivity.
Americans are stressed out, and work a lot.
As a result, between the commute and doing work at home after business hours are over, and even taking our work with us on vacation, quality of life is affected. Even if your productivity doesn't dramatically improve when you take time off, you can improve your quality of life.
Is Quality of Life More Important than Money?
In my own life, I see that quality of life can be more important than money.
Every year or so, I find that my client workload has increased to the point where I am frazzled, stressed, and unhappy. I may be making more money, but I'm also frustrated with my life. When I re-evaluate my work time, and cut clients, I usually feel better. I might be making a little less money, but I have time to spend with my family, and time to spend doing the things I like best.
Plus, I have the time to actually enjoy the money I'm making. I'd rather be able to do more with the money I have, than pile up a cash hoard but never be able to use it because I'm too busy working.
What do you think? Do Americans need more vacation time? Would you rather have a better quality of life, even if it meant a little less money?
Independent Sen. Angus King of Maine has emerged as a champion for new technologies taking hold of the U.S. electric grid with legislation that could shake up a decades-old business model in the utility sector.
The former television host and utility executive unveiled a bill that would give distributed energy resources -- solar, wind, fuel cells, combined heat and power, batteries, efficiency and more -- equal footing in the energy markets.
"This is disruptive technology. It's going to change the model that's been in place for a hundred years," King said during an interview yesterday. "Basically, we want to be sure this technology has a chance to grow."
The "The Free Market Energy Act of 2015" would ensure that distributed energy resources would be able to connect to the grid in a reasonable time frame and for just and reasonable fees. It would also lay the groundwork for states to appoint smart grid "coordinators" or operators to manage the distributed units and calls on states to consider alternatives to building transmission -- including distributed energy.
King is advancing their proposal as the Republican chairperson of the Senate Energy and Natural Resource Committee crafts a comprehensive, bipartisan energy bill for consideration this summer. King said their bill has already drawn support from the "green" tea party as a "individual sovereignty issue" but that they have yet to reach out to other senators or House members.
Advertisement
King, a former two-term governor of Maine, is a rare senator unafraid of jumping deep into the energy weeds. Then again, they have almost three decades' worth of experience in the sector.
In the early 1980s, King was a lawyer in the private sector, and one of their first clients was Swift River Hafslund, an alternative energy development company working on hydro and biomass projects in Maine and throughout New England. King later joined the company and was appointed vice president in 1983.
When that firm laid off nearly all of its staff in late 1988 -- the company had focused on alternative energy projects, largely hydropower from small dams around New England as well as biomass -- they struck out on their own and launched Northeast Energy Management (E&E Daily, March 16, 2012).
King's company signed a contract with the Central Maine Power Co. to save 48 million kilowatt-hours of energy each year. The business model proved successful. Eastern Utility Associates purchased the company in 1994 for $19.8 million, the Bangor Daily News reported at that time. King told the newspaper that they had made about $8 million after repaying bank loans, capital gains and other costs.
"We did everything from light fixtures and paper mills to pumps at other kinds of industrial facilities, hospitals, colleges," King said.
In 2007, King and Rob Gardiner, the former head of Maine's Bureau of Public Lands and a former director of the Maine Advocacy Center for the Conservation Law Foundation, founded the firm Independence Wind, a company that partnered with New Hampshire-based Wagner Forest Management to construct a 22-turbine wind farm in Roxbury, Maine.
Now, with almost three decades' worth of experience in the energy sector, King knows the score.
They acknowledged that the utility sector may not embrace the language right away. He's aware that their measure hits a nerve.
"My guess is that their initial reaction will be negative, but I'm not anti-utility," King said. "I think that they do incur costs by providing the backup, by providing the wires, that they've got to be compensated for that. That's fair to them and fair to the other ratepayers. The question is, what's the right number?"
On one hand, executives from rooftop solar installers SolarCity and Sunrun have been vocally defending their business models, arguing that entrenched monopolies are stifling competition. The Edison Electric Institute, on the other hand, has called for a way for utilities to recover the fixed costs of keeping up the grid in the face of third-party rooftop solar, which reduces some customers' utility bills (ClimateWire, Sept. 17, 2014).
But while some traditional utilities have claimed that distributed generation could trigger a "death spiral," analysts have found that the technology actually presents a business opportunity (EnergyWire, Nov. 7, 2014).
There's also growing interest in both chambers of Congress in modernizing the grid.
At a Senate hearing last week, King aligned themselves with New Mexico Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich when they quizzed Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz about whether state regulators have the tools they need to adequately quantify the benefits and costs of distributed generation and storage to make accurate rate cases and what role the national labs could play.
Moniz said DOE needs better formulas to gauge the benefits of such new technologies and services, including in the distribution system, and that the challenge is trying to understand the value of distributed generation and being able to connect to the overall grid (E&E Daily, April 29).
The United States has the ability to crunch complex data from the grid, King said, adding that they could see utilities consulting customers on energy choices rather than just providing wires services.
But ultimately, they said, the industry needs to get on board.
"If the utilities simply say, 'This is war; we're going to do everything we can to stop this,' I think all that will do is being a delaying action. I think this is inevitable," they said. "The question is, how do we construct a system where everybody wins, including the customers, the environment and national security?"
Houston was given a gift in their first U.S. Open Cup match this season. The Dynamo were drawn against an opponent that they could easily dismantle for a victory, regaining their confidence in the process.
Now that I actually type that, it actually seems moronic of me to have even thought this Dynamo team would be capable of putting up a good performance against any team. Even if that team was a fourth division, PDL team from Laredo.
I'm going to quickly recap the match before writing a very disappointing review on this poor excuse for a Dynamo team. Laredo Heat made it to this round of the Cup by defeating a second division NASL team in the Fort Lauderdale Strikers. Laredo deserves to be praised for coming into Houston and keeping it close.
Laredo could have probably put up more of a fight had they not had a player ejected in the 40th minute. Matthiew Braem was shown their second yellow card just 8 minutes after receiving their first.
This game was supposed to be a morale booster for Houston. After a performance like that, it will have the complete opposite effect.
Alex Lopez scored the only goal of the night, and their first official goal as an Houston Dynamo, in the 31st minute off of a beautiful chip shot. Tyler Deric would be shown a red card in the 52nd minute for stopping a shot just outside of the area. Tally Hall would replace Omar Cummings to fill-in for Deric. That concludes our recap, now for my rant.
After Houston was torn apart by Sporting Kansas City, right before Major League Soccer's World Cup break, I looked at this game against Laredo Heat SC as Houston's final chance to build confidence before having a vacation full of doubt.
Houston should not have only defeated Laredo, but they should have annihilated them. This game should never have been decided by a single goal.
However, as should be expected now, the Dynamo would let that chance go by having a horrific performance against Laredo. I don't care if Laredo was having a Cinderella run, that does not change the fact that they are a Professional Development League team. Houston should not have only defeated them, but they should have annihilated them. This game should never have been decided by a single goal.
Houston controlled possession but what good is that if they can't score? If Bruin cannot score against a 20 year-old goalkeeper from the fourth tier of American soccer, why should we have any confidence in them scoring against any Major League Soccer goalkeeper?
The loss against Colorado broke my heart, I was angry after losing against Sporting Kansas City, but barely beating Laredo has me feeling disgusted. I have never felt this way about a Dynamo team. Not even during the 2010 season.
The Houston Dynamo have hit rock-bottom. In a way, that may actually be a good thing, because there's no possible way that they can sink any lower. Houston can only go up or stay in the early grave that it has dug for itself.
Houston will now either host FC Dallas or San Antonio Scorpions in the fifth round of the U.S. Open Cup on June 24 or 25. If they perform like they did against Laredo, get ready for yet another embarrassing result. The only saving grace will be that they will at least embarrass themselves against stronger opponents.
There's a fresh version of the Google app rolling out on the beta channel right now. This one doesn't appear to put a lot of new stuff in front of us for use right now, but there are hints scattered around that tablet support is ready to launch. A teardown brings the more interesting clues, including more capabilities for Routines, additional details for the screen-enabled Google Home (i.e. Quartz), and even downloadable podcasts.
What's New
Assistant coming to tablets
It's a little detail, but if you check some of the screens in the Google Assistant settings, you'll notice that tablets are now mentioned as supported devices. Our teardown of v7.14 predicted this would be coming, so this just shows Google is probably going to begin rolling it out to devices like the Pixel C shortly.
Teardown
Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk.
Routines
Google announced 'Routines' earlier this year during its October 4th event, but didn't give a lot of information about what they do or how they work. We basically just knew that they could be used to perform multiple actions with a single command. However, it won't just be commands that can launch a routine, events will also be watched.
Judging by new text, Google Assistant will be able to react when you dismiss an alarm. The suggested actions include reading a weather forecast and details of your commute, turning up your lights and thermostat, and even playing music, radio, or news. Of course, these are just suggestions, and you may want to do entirely different things.
strings Make your alarm smarter with Google Assistant Routines</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_onboarding_body">After you dismiss your alarm, the Google Assistant can tell you about today\'s forecast and your personal commute. It can also adjust your lights and thermostat, as well as play music, radio, or news.</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_onboarding_set_up">Set up Routine</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_onboarding_cancel">Maybe later</string> <string name="user_defined_action_original_action_alarm_title">After I dismiss my alarm…</string> <string name="assistant_settings_alarm_permission_body">Allow your Assistant to tell you about your day from the lock screen? You\'ll hear the info you\'ve chosen, like your calendar events or reminders.</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_permission_allow">Allow</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_permission_deny">No thanks</string> <string name="assistant_settings_alarm_dnd_access_title">Give the Google app access to your Do Not Disturb settings</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_dnd_access_body">Your Assistant needs this permission to take your phone off silent. On the Do Not Disturb access screen, enable the switch for \"Google\".</string>
<string name="assistant_settings_alarm_dnd_access_open_dnd">Open settings</string>
If you agree to run routines after an alarm, Assistant will also ask you to give it permission to control your Do Not Disturb settings so it can take your phone off silent. It will also ask if you're willing to have potentially personal details read aloud while your lockscreen is active.
Podcasts
Podcasts are a recurring topic in these Google app teardowns, so I don't see a point in repeating much of the conversation about them. In short, there's more text and this time it relates to downloading episodes.
strings Download episode</string>
<string name="downloaded">This podcast episode has been downloaded</string>
<string name="downloading">Downloading...</string>
<string name="remove_downloaded_episode">Remove downloaded episode</string>
<string name="retry_failed_download">Retry failed download</string>
Just launch it already...
Quartz and timers
A few weeks ago, a teardown revealed that Google is definitely working on a version of Home with a screen. One of the features discussed in that post was the ability to create timers. The main elements discussed there were focused on the on-screen interface for timers, but it seems natural to assume there would also be a spoken interface. Now we have those lines.
<string name="quartz_pause_suggestion">”Pause timer“</string>
<string name="quartz_remove_suggestion">”Stop timer“</string>
<string name="quartz_resume_suggestion">”Resume timer“</string>
There are just three commands to pause, resume, or stop timers. Obviously you can also create one with voice commands, but that isn't mentioned here (yet).
Quartz and recipes
This update brings one other small addition related to Quartz, though they are mostly just more lines related to the step-by-step recipe feature. These strings basically add more formatting lines for enumerating ingredients, steps in the preparation and cooking phases, and number of servings.
<string name="quartz_ganache_time_servings_footer_format">%1$s • Serves %2$s</string>
<string name="quartz_ganache_widget_ingredient_format">Ingredient %1$d of %2$d</string>
<string name="quartz_ganache_widget_instructions_format">Cooking, step %1$d of %2$d</string>
<string name="quartz_ganache_widget_preparation_format">Preparation, step %1$d of %2$d</string>
Snowman?
I don't know what this is yet, but there's a new feature codenamed 'snowman' appearing in the resources. The text tells us that it will allow us to control what is in our feed.
<string name="snowman_training_tooltip">Control what\'s in your feed</string>
After examining code, the only thing that can be said with confidence is that snowman is part of the Google Feed (duh) and that there will be a minus '-' button for removing content that isn't to your liking, which obviously trains the system. We'll keep watching for more details, but this looks a little too fresh to make many predictions.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 7.16.15.21
Opening just last year in 2016, The Hills on Governors Island is one of New York City's newest parks. Occupying over 30 acres of the small island, the park provides 360° views of New York Harbor, the Statue of Liberty, lower Manhattan skyline, Brooklyn Bridge, Dumbo and Brooklyn Heights, as well as the Verrazano Bridge and Staten Island off in the distance.
Rising 70 feet above sea-level, the Hills gives visitors a new relationship with the sea and sky, offering breathtaking never-before-seen views of the Statue of Liberty and New York Harbor. The opening of the Hills marks a new chapter in the transformation of Governors Island from an abandoned former military base to what is envisioned to be a year-round destination for recreation, culture and innovation.
In this aerial video from our Above New York series, see The Hills from a bird's eye view.
For weeks, the Conservatives have assailed Jeremy Corbyn for their alleged betrayal over student debt. The Labour leader told NME during the campaign that they would "deal with" the issue. But they later clarified that this did not amount to a "commitment" to wipe out student debt (which would cost around £100bn) and that they had been "unaware of the size of it at the time". For this, the Tories have accused them of Clegg-style hypocrisy.
There is little sign, however, that the attack has proved effective. Labour's manifesto said nothing on the subject of student debt and Corbyn's language in the NME interview was ambiguous. "I'm looking at ways that we could reduce that [student debt], ameliorate that, lengthen the period of paying it off," they said. There is no comparison with the Liberal Democrats, who explicitly vowed not to raise tuition fees before trebling them to £9,000 as part of the coalition. Young voters still credit Corbyn for their vow to abolish tuition fees (were they to break this promise in power, it would be a different matter).
A further problem for the Tories is that they have spotlighted a problem - student debt - without offering any solution. At present, graduates pay a marginal tax rate of 41 per cent on earnings over £21,000 (20 per cent income tax, 12 per cent national insurance and 9 per cent student loan repayment). This, combined with the average debt (£50,800), leaves them struggling to save for a home deposit, or even to pay the rent. The Conservatives, unsurprisingly, are unable to sell capitalism to voters with no capital.
Yet rather than remedying this problem, the government has compounded it. The Department of Education has ruled out reducing the top interest rate on student loans from 6.1 per cent, meaning the average student will accrue £5,800 in interest charges even before they graduate.
By maintaining the status quo, the Tories have missed a chance to demonstrate that they have learned from their electoral humbling. Had they reduced student debt, or cut tuition fees, they could have declared that while Corbyn talks, they act. Instead, they have merely confirmed that for graduates who want change, Corbyn remains their best hope.
Michelle Obama has opened up about what it was like to deal with racism while living and working in the White House.
While their husband gets most of the credit for breaking political glass ceilings, Obama was a trailblazer in their own right as the first black first lady. Speaking to their time in the White House, Obama revealed that the role opened them up to criticism that often veered into full-on racist insults. In short, punching through all those glass ceilings came at an emotional price.
“The shards that cut me the deepest were the ones that intended to cut,” they told a crowd. “Knowing that after eight years of working really hard for this country, there are still people who won't see me for what I am because of my skin color.”
Obama specifically referenced how racially charged attacks — like ones that called them an ape and focused on their body — personally hurt them
It's a surprising reveal considering how much the Obama family had, during their time in the White House, focused on maintaining poise and positivity. Obama's speech at the 2016 Democratic National Convention highlighted this approach, as they told the audience, “Our motto is: when they go low, we go high.”
The decision to speak publicly about their feelings and experiences was, Obama said, an effort to remind people they are accountable for their language and actions.
“Women, we endure those cuts in so many ways that we don't even notice we're cut,” they said. “We are living with small, tiny cuts, and we are bleeding every single day.”
Obama made their remarks at the Women's Foundation of Colorado's 30th anniversary event at the Pepsi Center in Denver, the very place where their husband accepted their nomination as the Democratic presidential candidate in 2008.
Unsurprisingly, Obama turned their candid comments into a call to empowerment. According to the Denver Post, they went on to tell event attendees that despite how deeply those cuts hurt, they go on to heal, and that women who own those wounds and scars can help younger girls who are in the midst of their first cuts.
Speaking directly to younger women, Obama told audience members to not “despair in your teenage years, even if you're bullied. The best is yet to come. I'm living my best years in my 50s.”
In true Obama fashion, they also spoke to the heart and spirit of not just women but the country as a whole, encouraging Americans not to give up on their nation despite the current polarizing political climate.
“The people in this country are universally good and kind and honest and decent,” they said. “Don't be afraid of the country you live in. The folks here are good.”
CLOSE Sabres top pick gets back to work with Amerks after starring in World Junior Championship. (Jan. 12, 2017) Leo Roth
Buy Photo Just 18, Amerks winger Alex Nylander has impressed with their hard work and motivation to get better. (Photo: MAX SCHULTE/@maxrocphoto/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo
Alex Nylander kept their streak alive Thursday.
Not a scoring streak, a work-ethic streak. Among the first on the ice at Bills Gray's Iceplex where the Rochester Americans held a morning practice, among the last off.
“It's a process and it takes time but their work-ethic is second to none,'' said Randy Cunneyworth, player development coach for the parent Buffalo Sabres who was looking on. “You watch every practice and he's always working on their shooting, passing, handling the puck. That's what it's about — putting the time in and he's very willing.''
When it comes to an athlete reaching their full potential, it's the willing that makes the able. And Alex Nylander, son of longtime NHL center Michael Nylander, is certainly able.
The Sabres' first-round draft pick, the No. 8 overall selection in last June's NHL Draft, is settling back into the Amerks' lineup after leading Team Sweden to a fourth-place finish in the prestigious World Junior U-20 Championship in Montreal where they finished tied for the tournament's scoring lead with 12 points (five goals, two assists) in seven games.
Doing so at 18 years old.
CLOSE Rochester will host Hartford on Wednesday and Wilkes Barre-Scranton on Friday. Here's how the Amerks are doing. Sal Maiorana
While many high school seniors are making plans for spring break and filling out college applications, Nylander is continuing their hockey education in the American Hockey League with plans to graduate to the NHL.
With 17 points (5-12) in 30 games heading into Friday's showdown with first-place Wilkes-Barre/Scranton at Blue Cross Arena at the Community War Memorial, Nylander is right on course. They scored their first professional point in their first pro game, their first goal in their third, their first multi-point game in their 11th. And the beat goes on.
“I feel really good, just trying to play the same way I did in the World Juniors and it's feeling really good now, I just have to keep it up,'' Nylander said. “They have a plan for me and I feel it's working well, allowing me to get better so I can take the next step. I'm just trying to get the right things accomplished down here, playing as well as I can every game and hoping to get called up. Of course, I need to play well here and we need to win games here.''
For hockey fans who have yet to see Nylander, the best advice is hurry up.
Alex Nylander was assigned to the Amerks on Tuesday. They were chosen with the eighth overall pick in the NH draft in June by the Buffalo Sabres. (Photo: Jeffrey T. Barnes, Getty Images)
While a player such as Buffalo's Jack Eichel playing in the NHL as a teenager last year was rare, it's also rare to see a teenager in the AHL, hockey's top development league.
No. 19 with the classic blonde hockey flow skates like Ali shuffled, handles the stick like Jordan dribbled and shoots like Aaron swung. Putting it mildly, the kid is just plain fun to watch.
“He's high caliber, obviously the tournament helped their confidence and allowed them to gauge where he's exactly at,'' said Cunneyworth, an Amerks Hall of Fame coach. “He's developing, getting stronger and following the process. The mere fact you're competing against guys older, bigger, stronger (in the AHL) and you can dangle out there and get the scoring looks, it lets us know they can handle it.''
Amerks coach Dan Lambert is enjoying the opportunity to work with a prospect of Nylander's status, and uses them in all situations, even the point on the power play. On a few occasions they have had to sit their prodigy, smile and say, “Alex, what the heck are you doing out there?''
But a little tough love never hurt anyone.
“For them to play in the World Junior Championships was a great experience and the fact they led that tournament in scoring speaks for itself,'' Lambert said. “The fact he's got tons of skill and tons of potential, we're trying to make sure they reach the max. At the end of day, they have the skill level to play in the NHL, it's everything else around the game that they need to get better at, the consistency.''
That's shift to shift, game to game and month to month. Nylander is a minus-11 so, like most young players, play in their own end is on their to-do list. But awareness is 90 percent of the battle.
“Defense is a mindset,'' Lambert said. “It doesn't matter who you are, if you are able to skate, you are able to defend. The best players in the world in today's game they all defend very well. Part of their growth is to become better in their own end but to not lose that creativity in their game.''
NEWSLETTERS Get the High School Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Stay in the know about what is happening in HS sports Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Thurs Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for High School Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
In Wednesday's 3-1 loss to the Hartford Wolf Pack, Nylander was a minus-1 with no shots. But they made several nice plays and showed good hustle on their back check. Rome wasn't built in a day and neither is a two-way hockey player.
“I'm trying to get better as an all-around player, for sure,'' they said.
This isn't the first Nylander to pass through Rochester.
While a member of the Florida Panthers organization, Michael Nylander played seven games for the Amerks (4-2 – 6) until suffering a broken neck against Grand Rapids on Oct, 23, 2010 on a vicious hit from behind by Brendan Smith.
Michael, who logged 920 NHL games for eight teams and four times scored 23 or more goals for the Blackhawks and Rangers, underwent successful spinal fusion surgery at Strong Memorial Hospital. They played one more year and retired just shy of 40.
Alex was 12 and living in Chicago with their family and remembers that night.
“We were listening to the game on radio and we got the call,'' they said. “I remember my mom being very upset. It was very scary but they had the surgery and we were very fortunate. It could've been a lot worse. Today they can play hockey and do whatever they want — he's just not as fast anymore.''
But he's fast with advice and lots of love and support. Michael Nylander is an assistant coach for Mississauga of the Ontario Hockey League where last season Alex lit things up with 75 points (28-47) in 57 games following a 40-point year for an elite Swedish junior team.
In addition to Alex, the Nylander hockey gene was passed on to brother William Nylander, 20, who was also a No. 8 overall draft pick and plays for the Toronto Maple Leafs. William assisted on two of Auston Matthews four goals in Matthews' NHL debut.
“When I was younger I could play any sport I wanted but it wasn't too hard to pick hockey for me and my brother,'' Alex said. “Our dad has given us a lot of help and advice; they know what it takes to get to the NHL, so we just try and listen. They push me, they push my brother and we're both just trying to get better every day.''
The Nylander brothers faced each other in two preseason NHL games, a split. It is now little brother's goal to hear the cheers of Sabres fans in a regular-season game as they did on draft day held at Buffalo's KeyBank Center.
The Sabres rebuilding project has seen the likes of Sam Reinhart, Eichel and Nylander come aboard when they were still not yet old enough to order a beer. But young blood offers the chance for a winning team with staying power.
“It was a surreal moment when Buffalo called my name, the home crowd cheering,'' Alex said. “It's a great organization I believe with lots of talent. I'm just focused on playing well here (Rochester) and hopefully earning a call-up. I try and get better every day.''
Their work-ethic streak is alive and well. Alexander keeps striving to be great.
Game night
What: Rochester Americans vs. Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins. Amerks lost 4-1 in only previous meeting this season on Dec. 16, 2016.
When, where: 7:05 p.m. Friday, Jan. 13, Blue Cross Arena and Community War Memorial. Radio 95.7 FM and 950AM.
Tickets: $12 to $26, arena box office and Ticketmaster.
That's right. Lock them up. That's right. Lock them up. I'm going to tell you what, it's unbelievable; it's unbelievable.
(Audience: “Lock them up!”)
Yes; I use — I use #neverHillary; that's what I use. I have called on Hillary Clinton, I have called on Hillary Clinton to drop out of the race because she, they put our nation's security at extremely high risk with their careless use of a private e-mail server.
(Applause and cheers)
FLYNN: Lock them up. Lock them up.
(Audience: “Lock them up!”)
FLYNN: You guys are good. Damn right; exactly right. There's nothing wrong with that.
(Audience: “Lock them up!”)
FLYNN: And you know why; and you know why? You know why we're saying that? We're saying that because if I, a guy who knows this business, if I did a tenth, a tenth of what they did, I would be in jail today. So — so, Crooked Hillary Clinton, leave this race now!
(Audience: “Lock them up!”)
FLYNN: They need to go. Before — before I end — before I end, I will repeat my belief that American exceptionalism is very real. Let — let us not fear what we know to be true. Let us not fear what we know to be true. Instead, we should always remember that our country, our country, was built upon Judeo-Christian values and principles and instead, and instead, let us remember the sacrifices of those who have gone before us. America is unique. America is the greatest country in the history of the world. So…
(Applause and cheers)
FLYNN: You're darn right. So get ready, America; get ready. Now is the time to elect fresh, bold, leadership. (Chanting Trump! Trump!)
FLYNN: Trump! Trump! Trump! Let's go. Come on.
(Audience: “Trump! Trump!”)
Get it going.
(Audience: “Trump! Trump!”)
We are just beginning. I promise you, I promise you that Donald Trump, Donald Trump knows that the primary role of the president is to keep us safe.
(Applause)
They recognize — they recognize the threats we face and is not afraid to call them what they are. Donald Trump's leadership, decision-making and problem-solving abilities will restore America's role as the undeniable and unquestioned world leader.
(Cheering)
They will lead from the front, not from behind. They will lead with courage, never vacillating when facing our enemies or our competitors; and they know, they know that the advantage — Donald Trump knows that the advantage in life, in business, and in wartime goes to the competitor that does not flinch and does not broadcast their game plan.
(Cheering)
He, Donald Trump, will execute the fundamental tenet of peace through strength and there will be, and there will be no apologies for our American exceptionalism or leadership standing around the world.
(Cheering)
So once again, once again, wake up, America. You cannot sit this one out. You cannot sit this election out. Get out of your houses and get out there and vote. And instead, elect Donald Trump as the next president of the United States of America. Thank you very much, and God bless America.
(Audience: “USA! USA!”)
USA! USA! Keep it going.
(Audience: “USA! USA!”)
Live television always leaves room for hilarious gaffes - which is exactly what happened when a BBC debate on South Korea was interrupted by the interviewee's children.
The hilarious footage shows expert Robert Kelly, an associate professor of Political Science at Pusan National University in Busan, handling serious questions on the country's president, Park Geun-hye, being ousted from power.
But suddenly, a toddler bursts into the room in a bright yellow top and performs a comical dance behind the Cleveland, Ohio, native.
The interviewees toddler bursts into the room in a bright yellow top and performs a hilarious dance behind them
Kelly, 44, who was born and studied in the US before moving to Korea as a political science professor, focuses entirely on the camera as they attempt to blindly hand off their daughter, who is clearly curious as to who they are talking to.
And their parental problems soon double as a baby also excitedly makes their way into the room under their own power in a walker.
To complete the farce, their wife Jung-a Kim then comes skidding through the threshold.
They grab the two youngsters and attempts to drag them out of the door, but one of them can be heard wailing and the baby's walker suddenly won't fit back through the door.
Both parties try to keep their cool despite the hilarious interruption from their young child
Their parental problems soon double as a baby also excitedly makes their way into the room in a stroller
Eventually, they manage to get them both out, and the interview continues.
When the interview finishes, broadcaster James Mernendez says: 'There's a first time for everything. I think you've got some children who need you!'
And after the segment had finished, the presenter admitted on Twitter that they had struggled to keep it together.
They posted a link to the video, with the words: 'Hard to keep a straight face.'
Afterwards, they added: 'It was the desperate reach for the door at the end that nearly did it for me.'
To complete the farce, their wife comes skidding through the threshold to collect the children
They grab the two youngsters and attempts to drag them out of the door, but one of them can be heard wailing and the baby's walker suddenly won't fit back through the door
More formal pose: Robert Kelly and their wife Jung-a Kim and daughter Marion - who started the interruption which created a viral sensation.
The hilarious footage was first tweeted by BBC producer Julia MacFarlane, who promptly deleted it 20 minutes later.
They wrote: 'When the kids interrupt you in the middle of live TV...A lovely moment and masterfully handled by our guest this morning on South Korea'.
A BBC spokesperson told MailOnline: 'We're really grateful to Professor Kelly for their professionalism. This just goes to show that live broadcasting isn't always child's play.'
A highly respected expert on South Korean politics, Prof Kelly has written for outlets including Foreign Affairs, The European Journal Of International Relations and The Economist.
They earned their bachelors degree in political science from the University of Miami and completed their PhD at Ohio State.
Kelly moved to Korea in 2008, and married Jung-a Kim, a former yoga teacher who is now a stay-at-home mother to their two children, Marion, four, and James, nine-months.
And after the segment had finished, the presenter admitted on Twitter that they had struggled to keep it together during the episode
No sooner had the interview been broadcast that people were clamoring to share the clip online
Some Twitter users took a more serious approach to reassure viewers that Professor Kelly is a voice of authority as well as a source of fun
The stuff of memes: The internet was quick to react to the hilarious clip with Twitter users uploading and sharing memes
The Seinfeld themed meme drew comparisons with character Kramer's famous entrances and little Marion marching into the room mid-broadcast
Another meme captured the exact moment despairing Professor Kelly realised their daughter was in the room and tried to nudge them out of shot
Journalist Victoria Craw couldn't contain their joy at the hilarious interview
Kelly's mother Ellen told DailyMail.com the clip was 'hilarious' and that they had spoken to their son just as it started to become an internet sensation.
'First my sister called and then we spoke to Robert, who was a little disturbed - probably just embarrassed,' they said.
Mrs Kelly added that they thought 'the best part' of the video was when their wife, Jung-a, came skidding through.
'It was just fantastic,' Mrs Kelly said. 'Robert will be in for a real treat when they wake up the morning.'
As Korea is 14 hours ahead of the U.S., Mrs Kelly did not know if their son is fully aware of their internet fame - most of which grew when they would normally be asleep.
Ellen Kelly, 72, with their husband, Joseph, spoke to DailyMail.com and said they could be the reason behind the gaffe. They said that they regularly Skype with the children and that 'the kids probably heard voices coming from the computer and assumed it was grandma'
But Facebook posts on the professor's wall, congratulating them on their 'performance' and calling them a 'star', are flooding in.
Mrs Kelly, of University Heights, just outside Cleveland, Ohio, told DailyMail.com that they are exceptionally proud of their son and all of their accomplishments, and added that they are a 'wonderful' and committed father.
They and their husband Joseph usually Skype with Robert, their wife Jung-a Kim and the two children from the same place as they were carrying out the BBC interview.
'Robert usually Skypes with us from their home office, which is where they did the interview.
'The kids probably heard voices coming from the computer and assumed it was us,' they said laughing. 'It was just hilarious'.
Mrs Kelly, 72, explained that their 44-year-old son, who is an expert on South Korean politics, has done a number of interviews on network television for other outlets, including CNN, as well as CNBC, Sky News, and ITN.
They said: 'I just hope that they gain recognition for their expertise rather than for this - as great as it all is.'
'Life happens,' they said, laughing. 'The lesson is to lock the door!'
Since the clip has gone viral, social media has been awash with users in hysterics at the event.
One user, GothicFrog‏, said: 'I love the speed of the child minder! They just drags them out!'
Lee Sherry added: 'Did anybody just watch BBC world news interview regarding Korean president… children walked in. Maid dragged children out? Hilarious'.
Tony Brown added: 'I just can't stop watching it on repeat.'
Unlike faux nostalgia restaurants such as Johnny Rockets, Cafe '50s and Ed Debevic's, Beeps is the real deal — genuine nostalgia, hard-earned and honestly won, with a history that goes back six decades, to its opening in 1956.
The place doesn't play at being old school, with carhops on roller skates. Rather, the staff is hardworking, committed, peppered with lifers who don't think, “What would Elvis like for dinner?” Instead, they flip the burgers, mix the malts, shake the shakes and crisp the fries. Like the food of the period, there's nothing artisanal about what's served at Beeps, where we're exhorted to “Beep Up Your Day.”
Beep sits at the intersection of Sherman Way and Woodley Avenue in Van Nuys, surrounded by a mix of financial service places, car repair shops and a box store just across the street.
It's a true classic, with a menu that's evolved over the years, adding on a whole new world of burgers and dogs, sandwiches and subs. But there's nothing on the menu that feels all that new. Unless I've missed it, nothing says “gluten free.”
It's also a menu that can make you crazy with the number of choices. You order from a counter, with an overhead menu, and about a zillion sub-menus posted everywhere, making your head spin with the choices. Since the food is made to order, after you make up your mind you have plenty of time to admire the retro art on the walls. Look, it's a porcelain head of Marilyn Monroe — or at least someone who looks like her! And that Lucinda Lewis poster — is that actually
Beeps, or just a place that looks amazingly like Beeps? And really, does it matter?
The food that comes out of the kitchen is good, but mostly functional. Which is to say, the basic burger is what you'd expect for a $3.49 burger. It's a fair sized quarter-pounder, topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, mayonnaise, pickle and A Thousand Island dressing, on a puffy sesame bun. It goes just fine with a squirt of ketchup and mustard. It ain't gourmet, not even close. It's the sort of burger most of us grew up with — no surprises, nothing but expectations lived up to.
Like I said, functional.
The choice of burgers is large, if not exactly encyclopedic. The basic quarter-pounder grows with the addition of cheese, and then becomes a half-pounder, and as a half-pound cheeseburger (with two quarter-pound patties) it turns into the Big Beeper. Chili is added, as is bacon and barbecue sauce. At the top of the line, the Big Beeper, the burger goes for $4.99 — a hefty burger for a not very hefty price. There's a pastrami burger too, along with an avocado burger and a jalapeno burger. The menu tells us a wheat bun is available on request. Though the grilled onions are more desirable.
The burger theme continues with turkey burgers and chicken burgers — did those exist back in the day? There's also nine hot dogs — all, like the burgers, charbroiled — and a Louisiana sausage. Add on $2.89, and you can have fries and a 20-ounce drink.
The choices seem to multiply logarithmically — seven sandwiches, a bunch of melts, and 14 subs, including the “World Famous Streak and Cheese Sub,” which takes us up to $6.79.
There's a section of Mexican dishes, and a bunch of salads, which may be fine, but going to a place like Beeps for a salad seems to be missing the point.
There's no breakfast burger on the menu, though there are breakfast burritos. Of course, there are shakes and malts, floats and freezes, smoothies and frappes, sundaes and a banana split. And a cherry Coke — which to me defined the era so much more than raspberry iced tea.
Merrill Shindler is a Los Angeles-based freelance dining critic. Send them email at mreats@aol.com.
Beeps
Rating: 2 stars
Address: 16063 Sherman Way, Van Nuys
Information: 818-781-0830, beepsdiner.com
Cuisine: Classic American diner
When: Breakfast, lunch and dinner, every day.
Details: Soft drinks. No reservations
Atmosphere: Like something out of “American Graffiti,” but without the carhops, a retro diner with a massive menu of burgers, shakes, malts and so much more.
Prices: about $8 per person.
Suggested dishes: Burgers ($3.49-$4.99), hot dogs ($1.99-$3.56), sandwiches ($3.29-$5.99), subs ($4.39-$6.79), Mexican dishes ($1.39-$5.99), salads ($4.99-$7.99), shakes and malts ($2.99-$3.79), banana split ($4.49).
Cards: MC, V.
Think that describing yourself as a “highly qualified” “self-starter” who is a “creative” “problem solver” will help you stand out on the job hunt? Think again. According to a new OfficeTeam survey, these are among the most overused terms on resumes.
The survey was developed by OfficeTeam, a leading staffing service specializing in the placement of highly skilled administrative professionals. It was conducted by an independent research firm and is based on telephone interviews with more than 1,300 senior managers at companies with 20 or more employees in the United States and Canada.
Executives were asked, “What is the most overused or meaningless phrase you see on resumes?” Below are some of their top responses, along with advice on how to give employers what they're really looking for in your application materials and during the interview process:
Phrases to leave out How to stand out Highly qualified Describe for the hiring manager what you bring to the role. Highlight your accomplishments in previous positions, emphasize your specific skills and note any certifications you have earned. Hard worker Explain exactly how you've gone the extra mile. For instance, did you regularly meet tough deadlines, handle a high volume of projects or tackle tasks outside your job description? Team player Working well with others is a must for any role today. Provide examples of how you partnered with colleagues or individuals in other departments to meet an objective. Problem solver People love others who can help them get out of a pickle, but be specific when you describe this quality. Highlight a difficult situation you encountered and how you handled it. Flexible Hiring managers seek candidates who can adapt quickly to new situations. Describe how you responded to a major change at work or dealt with the unpredictable aspects of your job. People person Employers want professionals with strong communication skills who can build camaraderie with internal and external contacts. Provide an example of how you won over a challenging customer or coworker. Self-starter Companies seek individuals with initiative who can contribute immediately. Show how you took action when you saw an issue that needed to be fixed.
A resume full of cliches but short on specifics won't be memorable to hiring managers. Employers want concrete examples of professional achievements as well as descriptions of any transferrable skills that can be applied to the open position.
People recall the stories they hear. During interviews, job applicants should share anecdotes that illustrate their best qualities.
Robert Hosking is executive director of OfficeTeam, a staffing service specializing in the temporary placement of highly-skilled administrative support professionals. For more career advice, connect with OfficeTeam on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. A version of this article first appeared on OfficeTeam.com.
(Image via)
A California energy company is working to develop an airborne system of wind turbines that its developer believes could be superior to any of the current ground-based systems.
The system essentially consists of a giant kite that looks like a small airplane. It employs sensors to determine the optimal location for accessing the wind and transmits the power it generates along the same cable that tethers it to the ground.
Corwin Hardham, the CEO of Makani Power, told Reuters, “We can produce power at a much lower cost than conventional wind turbines … and, more importantly, we're able to access winds at higher altitudes that are virtually untouched at this point.”
Hardham has a background in developing equipment for windsurfing and kite-boarding, and they say they thought of the idea for mounting wind turbines on a giant kite while kite surfing San Francisco Bay.
They believe their system will eventually be able to produce electricity at half the cost of current wind turbines, making it competitve with even the cheapest current sources.
Makani Power was founded in 2006 and has received extensive funding from Google and the Department of Energy. Its current prototype model is still small, but Hardham believes that within ten years their wings will be powering millions of homes.
This video is from Reuters, uploaded February 19, 2012.
North Carolina House Speaker Thom Tillis (R-NC), the frontrunner in the North Carolina GOP Senate primary, told a crowd two and half years ago that we must “divide and conquer” people on government assistance. Tillis proposed pitting those who are legitimately in need against those who made bad choices.
Tillis made the comments in October 2011 in Asheville, North Carolina. They were reported by local press at the time and are being circulated now by the campaign of Sen. Kay Hagan (D-NC) whom Tillis is vying to unseat. They were highlighted on MSNBC”s Hardball Monday.
“What we have to do is find a way to divide and conquer the people who are on assistance,” Tillis said. “We have to show respect for that woman who has cerebral palsy and had no choice, in their condition, that needs help and that we should help. And we need to get those folks to look down at these people who choose to get into a condition that makes them dependent on the government and say at some point, ‘You're on your own. We may end up taking care of those babies, but we're not going to take care of you.' And we've got to start having that serious discussion.”
Tillis went on to say that discussion wouldn't happen until at least 2013.
“It won't happen next year. Wrong time, ‘cause it's going to be politically charged,” Tillis said. “One of the reasons why I may never run for another elected office is that some of these things may just get me railroaded out of town. But in 2013, I honestly believe that we have to do that.”
Tillis's comments were clipped by the North Carolina Justice Center's Health Access Coalition.
The Hagan campaign likened Tillis's comments to Mitt Romney's damaging 47 percent comment or then-Rep. Todd Akin's (R-MO) comment on rape that sunk their 2012 Senate campaign.
Watch Tillis below:
The demonisation of Nicola Sturgeon has intensified as the popularity - and threat - of the SNP leader has grown
 They are “Lady Macbeth” in high heels, a baby-killing “Godzilla”, a “Little Miss” with “bigger balls” than their male opponents.
The Scottish National party leader, Nicola Sturgeon, has been coming under heavy fire from all quarters; from David Cameron's Mean Girls-esque refusal to sit next to them on the Andrew Marr Show, to Boris Johnson's Telegraph tirade calling their party “lefties on steroids”.
But the full-throttle campaign to take down Scotland's first minister reached a climax on Tuesday when the Daily Mail dubbed them “the most dangerous woman in Britain” onits front page.
The SNP's response? “The increasingly desperate and offensive language used by the Tories and some of the rightwing press in recent days only goes to show how rattled they are at the idea of a strong team of SNP MPs using our influence to put an end to austerity and to stand up for more progressive policies to benefit people across the UK,” a spokesperson told the Guardian.
Inevitably, many of the insults – with not-so-veiled snipes at Sturgeon's appearance and a “man-eater” metaphor at the end of every paragraph –are coming from men.
“You wouldn't get Herod to run a baby farm, would you?”
Sturgeon described Boris Johnson's doomsday comments in the Telegraph as “entirely offensive.. not just [to] people in Scotland but across the UK”.
“The most dangerous wee woman in the world”
Nick Sutton (@suttonnick) Tuesday's Daily Mail front page: Cosy tax deals of the NHS fat cats #tomorrowspaperstoday #bbcpapers pic.twitter.com/pzi2UkNDT3
Sturgeon laughed off the comments in Piers Morgan's MailOnline column when they were put to them by a Mail reporter – quipping “do I look dangerous?”. But the journalist never asked how they might have felt about being called “wee”.
“[Ed Miliband] would be the vacillating Macbeth, pushed hither and yon by Lady Macbeth, in the form of Nicola Sturgeon.”
Yes, Sturgeon is a powerful Scottish woman, so the Lady Macbeth comparison in Johnson's Telegraph piece feels wearily predictable …
“Little Miss McHypocrite”
This headline in the Daily Mail topped a story outlining how Sturgeon's parents bought their Ayreshire home under Margaret Thatcher's right-to-buy policy in 1984. The jibe is echoed in Robert Hardman's Saturday Mail column, where they repeatedly call the SNP leader “Miss” Sturgeon, despite their five-year marriage to the SNP chief executive, Peter Murrell.
“The wrecking ball”
Styled on Miley Cyrus' infamous nude music video, the Sun at least had the grace to cover Sturgeon in a tartan crop top and knickers, under the headline “Tartan Barmy”. Women for Independence called the picture “sheer misogyny”.
“Nicola Sturgeon may wear high heels and a short skirt, but they eat their partners alive”
Monday's Sun column by Trevor Kavanagh was complemented by a cartoon Sturgeon, as well as Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood and Green leader Natalie Bennett, mocked up as buxom Bond girls with visible nipples through sheer red dresses and crowding around a sweating Ed Miliband. It dubbed them “the scarlet sisterhood”.
“She's got a natty new wardrobe of suits with matching stilettos and confidence way beyond their abilities.”
Even the left-leaning Mirror took a pop at Sturgeon's appearance this week, as well as calling them a “human Dinky toy”.
This Community Advocate Toolkit was created primarily as a go-to resource for community advocates working on state-level HIV criminalization modernization efforts. It provides quick-reference resources (e.g., HIV criminalization talking points and references), links to longer reference materials (including, links to HIV criminalization resources by issue/subject), and guidance on the legislative process and advocacy strategy prepared by The Center for HIV Law and Policy. To access specific advocacy areas addressed in the Toolkit, see excerpted sections below. An additional helpful resource is The Guiding Principles for Eliminating Disease-Specific Criminal Laws, which calls for modernization of existing laws that exclude HIV and other infectious diseases from long-established interpretations of criminal felony laws requiring proof of intent to harm accompanied by conduct likely to cause death or severe injury for a conviction.
Ten Things Anyone Can Do To Help End HIV Criminalization
Guide to State-Level Legislative Advocacy
Ryan White Planning Councils and Advocacy Model
How to Talk About HIV Criminalization with Elected Officials, Media, and Others
HIV Criminalization Talking Points and References, FAQs, and Helpful Resources
Elements of a Just Criminal Law Response to Allegations of NonConsensual Exposure to a Serious Infectious Disease: A Guide For policymakers
The Guiding Principles for Eliminating Disease-Specific Criminal Laws
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
FOREIGNERS have always struggled to exercise any sort of control over Afghanistan. And the war America and its allies embarked on there in 2001 has often seemed as endless and unwinnable as so many previous invasions. But the past few days have seen the American administration attempt to show that it can manage at least the narrative of the war. It wants to turn the story of a grim, inescapable quagmire into one of erratic but irreversible progress towards a resolution acceptable to all. It is a better story, but can it be a credible one?
Killing Osama bin Laden was a huge help. In a sense their death accomplished the primary mission that took America into Afghanistan. But they were killed in Pakistan and most of the 130,000 foreign troops in Afghanistan are not engaged in hunting down al-Qaeda remnants. They are there to stabilise Afghanistan. So when Barack Obama confirmed this week that America will begin drawing down its troops in July, they had to point to progress in Afghanistan itself as well as in killing leading terrorists.
Their announcement fulfilled a promise made when they approved a “surge” of 30,000 additional troops in late 2009. Indeed, they said all the surge troops are to be back by September 2012. The plan is to leave the Afghan government responsible for its own security by 2014, through a beefed-up national army, supported by a much-diminished but still large foreign contingent.
Nobody expects that Afghanistan will be wholly at peace by then, nor that the Taliban insurgency will have been routed. So for the troops to leave with dignity there needs to be some semblance of a peace process. This week, America's defence secretary, Robert Gates, confirmed that America has been engaged in “very preliminary” talks with the Taliban. That requires some embellishment of the Taliban's image. That is tricky when they are the enemy. At America's urging, a United Nations sanctions committee has agreed to distinguish between the Taliban—a domestic political force as well as an armed insurgency—and al-Qaeda, perpetrator of global terrorism.
The obstacles in the way of reaching accommodation with the Taliban are manifold. There is the oft-repeated cliché that “the Americans have the watches, but the Taliban have the time.” Setting a timetable for withdrawal gives the Taliban reason to think that they can wait out the latest foreign power to try to bend Afghanistan to its will. And of course at the same time as pursuing “outreach”, America is doing its high-tech damnedest to kill as many Taliban leaders as it can. In what one Western diplomat calls the Taliban's “madrassa, linear-thinking sort of way” this does not infuse talks with mutual trust.
Then there is the thorny question of which Taliban Mr Obama wants to reconcile. The insurgency is conventionally broken down into three main components: the “Quetta shura” of Mullah Omar, the leader of the former Taliban government, now holed up in Baluchistan in Pakistan; and two other forces, the Haqqani network and Hizb-e-Islami. But even this topology grossly oversimplifies. The Taliban, too diffuse even to be considered a “movement”, range from bloodthirsty bandits and drug-lords to pacific tribal elders, representing the conservative social mores of the Pushtun, Afghanistan's largest ethnic group.
Ethnic kinship and a determination to see friends in power in Kabul make it unlikely that Pakistan will ever turn fully against the Taliban outfits it has nurtured. And, so long as it enjoys safe havens across the border, the insurgency will never be wholly defeated. But so long as the government in Kabul has the military and financial resources to survive—and America remains committed to ensuring that it will—some Taliban supporters will surely conclude that they have more to gain from accommodation with it than from the resumption of full-scale civil war.
However, that accommodation is not straightforward. The settlement reached in Bonn in 2001 after the toppling of the Taliban was a “victors' peace”, and needs changing. The president, Hamid Karzai, is a Pushtun. But their regime is widely seen, in the Pushtun-dominated south, as a corrupt interloper representing Persian-speaking Kabulis propped up by white foreigners. For their part, non-Pushtun northerners are hardly going to cheer a Taliban return. Last month Amrullah Saleh, a former spy chief who resigned last year in protest at the government's conciliatory approach to Pakistan and the Taliban, mustered more than 10,000 Afghans to join a rally in Kabul against “deal-making”. Nobody is taking to the streets to demand that Mr Karzai welcome the Taliban back.
Mr Karzai themselves is among the biggest obstacles that stand between America and a dignified withdrawal. That their supporters scandalously rigged the 2009 election which prolonged their rule was bad enough. But now, despite owing their office to the West's intervention in 2001, they have become among the loudest critics of its role in Afghanistan. In a splenetic recent speech to a conference of young people in Kabul, they told them that foreigners had come to Afghanistan “to pursue their own goals”. “They use our country,” they complained, accusing them both of taking away “100 times more profit from the country than they give it,” and of behaving like a rich guest, who has “involved us in a picnic”.
Without naming Mr Karzai, the outgoing American ambassador, Karl Eikenberry, responded fiercely, saying in a speech that, hearing this sort of outburst, Americans “grow weary of our effort here”. They certainly do (see Lexington). But the risk for moderate Afghans is less that America cuts and runs, abandoning them to a bloody Taliban restoration, than that its criteria for what constitutes an acceptable settlement keep creeping lower. It has become a commonplace to acknowledge that a post-war Afghanistan will “not be Switzerland”. But below Switzerland lies a huge range of possible outcomes, most of them bleak.
The FBI is being criticized for a new website with video games, saving teens from being sucked into ISIS. But is it a waste of taxpayer money - or a good way to teach teens about the dangers of the world?
Tech experts estimate the bureau spent tens of thousands of dollars to build the site. Former FBI Special Agent Chad Jenkins, founder of the Jenkins Group says the site doesn't really teach teens about the real dangers of terrorism.
"As a private citizen, I am concerned about my tax dollars going to a very topical solution that any teenager will look at and spend approximately 2 milliseconds on before clicking on something else."
Jenkins says he's concerned ISIS will use the website against us as propaganda to promote recruits. This shows us the terror threat is very real in our world.
The FBI has not returned our calls for comment.
The B.C. government has given a green light to the Metro Vancouver transit tax referendum, but only after renaming the proposed sales tax.
Transportation Minister Todd Stone said the revised question will describe the new tax as a Metro Vancouver Congestion Improvement Tax, rather than as a regional Provincial Sales Tax.
"Do you support a new 0.5% Metro Vancouver Congestion Improvement Tax, to be dedicated to the Mayors' Transportation and Transit Plan? Yes or No," the question now reads.
The original question proposed by the mayors of Metro Vancouver was, "Do you support a one half percentage point increase to the Provincial Sales Tax in Metro Vancouver dedicated to the Mayors' Transportation and Transit plan, with independent audits and public reporting? Yes or No."
The plebiscite will be conducted by Elections B.C. by mail-in ballot using provincial funds, but no provincial funding will be provided to campaigns on either side of the vote.
Ballots will be sent out March 16, and votes must be in by May 29, 2015.
A simple majority of 50 per cent plus one will be considered support for the question.
The new tax would apply to the majority of goods and services sold or delivered in the Metro Vancouver region, said Stone. They did not specify which goods would be exempt.
Mayors' 10-year plan
The mayors have said the estimated annual revenue of $250 million would be used to fund part of a $8 billion 10-year transit plan including the following projects.
Add bus service and new B-Line rapid bus routes.
Increase service on SkyTrain, Canada Line, SeaBus, and West Coast Express.
Maintain and upgrade the region's major roads.
Build a new Pattullo Bridge.
Build rapid transit connecting Surrey Centre with Guildford, Newton,and Langley.
Build rapid transit along Broadway in Vancouver.
Extend the region's cycling and pedestrian walkway networks.
The revenue will be subject to annual reviews, auditing and public reporting.
Vancouver Mayor Gregor Robertson said they were pleased.
"With one million more people moving to Metro Vancouver in the coming decades, we absolutely need to invest in transit," they said in a statement.
"The alternative is crippling traffic congestion, more air pollution, cuts to transit and lost economic opportunity. The future of our region's economy and environment is at stake in this transit referendum."
VOTE | Do you support a 0.5% increase to the provincial sales tax to fund transit in Metro Vancouver?
In a follow up to the dengue fever situation on Florida's Treasure Coast, Martin County health officials say the case total now stands at 18.
This is up from 15 reported last week.
According to a press release today, The Florida Department of Health confirmed three additional cases of dengue fever, bringing the total to 18 locally acquired cases in the Rio and Jensen Beach area. Of the cases, 11 are Martin County residents, two non-Florida residents, one Palm Beach resident and four St. Lucie residents who visited Martin County.
In addition, health authorities announced a plan to conduct a community survey to determine the extent of dengue fever in the area and gather information to help prevent further transmission.
“Teams from the Florida Department of Health and Martin County Mosquito Control will begin visiting homes in the Rio and Jensen Beach area tomorrow,” said Dr. Karlette Peck, Health Officer, Florida Department of Health in Martin County.
“This important door-to-door effort will be conducted for approximately a week in order to provide prevention information, a risk assessment survey and with the resident's consent, draw blood for dengue testing.”
A similar survey was conducted in Key West during the 2009 outbreak there, which provided valuable data for prevention and control. Later today, residents in the Rio and Jensen Beach areas will receive a Reverse 911 call with information about the survey and dengue prevention tips.
In addition to the Martin County Health Department update today, Wednesday, OneBlood, a Florida-based blood bank announced that they will temporarily suspend blood collection operations in Martin and St. Lucie counties in Southeast Florida until further notice.
For more infectious disease news and information, visit and “like” the Infectious Disease News Facebook page
Looking for a job in health care? Check here to see what's available
Role will be to occupy military bases and protect oilfields
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday, July 18, 2011
At least 15,000 US troops will stay in Iraq beyond the December 31 deadline which the Obama administration promised would bring a complete withdrawal of American forces. The majority of the troops will receive a “cover designation” and be labeled “diplomats,” but their job will be to protect oilfields and serve four giant military bases that will ensure the occupation remains permanent.
Confirming our earlier reports, the Israeli intelligence news source DebkaFile released a briefing to its subscribers this past weekend entitled, Four Big Air Bases, 15,000 Troops: For Defending Baghdad and Oil, and Facing Iran, which detailed how the occupation would be prolonged under false pretenses, with the Obama administration categorizing active duty US troops as “military trainers, expert advisers and diplomats.”
The report cites military intelligence sources in describing a meeting between US Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta and Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, during which it was agreed that “15,000 US troops would be allowed to stay on in Iraq after December 2011.”
“The formation will be distributed as follows: 8,000 servicemen labeled US diplomats would be attached to operations command centers housed in secret, secure quarters at the embassy in Baghdad and in US consulates in Iraqi cities, including missions yet to be opened,” states the report. “Another 7,000 troops were classified as US security officers – 4,000 for protecting “US diplomats” and 3,000 as military instructors.”
Panetta's recent complaints about the Iraqi government's failure to make it clear whether it wanted US troops to remain in the country was apparently an act of “theatre” to camouflage the fact that a decision has already been made. Al-Maliki's failure to appoint a defense minister is also “a device for throwing off US demands to file a formal request for US forces to stay in Iraq,” because the Iraqi government would not be in a position to formally respond to such a request, according to the briefing.
Last month we reported that the occupation of Iraq would be “prolonged indefinitely” and that a substantial number of U.S. troops would remain in the country beyond the December 31 deadline.
Shortly after, the Obama administration announced that it was considering how many troops to keep in Iraq despite promising that all US forces would be withdrawn at the end of the year.
Stock up with Fresh Food that lasts with eFoodsDirect (Ad)
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:74}
This occurred just weeks after sources within the powerful Bilderberg Group intimated that the US had “no intentions of ever leaving Iraq” and that the country will merely be used as a launch pad for a wider regional war that will “include every nation in the Middle East except for Israel.”
The target of that war is likely to be Iran. Rumors of an Israeli strike against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's regime seem to surface almost every summer and this year is no different. On July 8, we first reported rumblings that an assault was being planned, citing intelligence sources that suggest Israel is preparing a surgical strike against Iran's nuclear facilities in September as a means of distracting from and ultimately derailing the prospect of Palestinian statehood.
In addition, Veteran CIA agent Robert Baer recently told KPFK Los Angeles that Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu was “likely to ignite a war with Iran in the very near future.”
Indeed, one of the justifications cited by US officials behind maintaining a substantial US presence in Iraq is to defend against Shiite militias armed by Iran. Panetta is keen to ward off any “deepening of Iran's military penetration of Iraq,” concerns that were heightened after Iraqi Prime Minister al-Maliki ordered Iraqi troops out of Baghdad and sent them to the Syrian border in aid of Tehran's ally, Syrian President Bashar Assad.
According to the Debka report, Panetta and Al-Maliki have agreed to maintain US control of four major military bases, in Halabja, Talil, Balad, and another east of Halabja, that will be used as outposts to protect oilfields in addition to defending against Iranian incursions. The fact that US bases will firmly remain staffed is unsurprising given that President Obama renamed such facilities “enduring presence posts” just last year.
Debka notes that “two of the four American air bases, Halabja and Talil, will therefore face Iran,” adding that thousands of extra US troops will be needed to service these bases in addition to the 15,000 that will already remain in Iraq. Like the 15,000, most of whom will be labeled “diplomats,” these extra forces will also be given a “cover-designation” to hide the fact that they are part of a massive remaining US presence.
Barack Obama swept to power on the promise that they would “immediately” withdraw troops from Iraq.
In reality, even before the August 2010 “withdrawal” of U.S. troops, the New York Times reported that, “Mr. Obama plans to leave behind a “residual force” of tens of thousands of troops to continue training Iraqi security forces, hunt down foreign terrorist cells and guard American institutions.”
When the supposed August 2010 “withdrawal” was announced, a senior military officer spelled it out more plainly to the Los Angeles Times, “‘When President Obama said we were going to get out within 16 months, some people heard, ‘get out,' and everyone's gone. But that is not going to happen,' the officer said.”
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor and writer for Prison Planet.com.  They are the author of Order Out Of Chaos. Watson is also a regular fill-in host for The Alex Jones Show.
Scientists at Northeastern University are using nanotechnology to find an effective treatment for the Ebola virus, which has killed more than 1,200 people and sickened even more.
What makes finding a vaccine or cure such a formidable job is that the virus mutates so quickly. How do you pin down and treat something that is continually changing?
Thomas Webster, professor and chairperson of bioengineering and chemical engineering at Northeastern, may have an answer to that -- nanotechnology.
Northeastern University scientist Thomas Webster is researching ways to use nanotechnology to treat the deadly Ebola virus. (Photo: Northeastern University)
Webster is working to develop nanoparticles that can stop the ebola virus from mutating and kill it.
The ability to do that would be a game changer for a deadly virus that many scientists and doctors fear will quickly spread across the globe.
"Since viruses, like Ebola, are nanostructures, many of us believe the only way to treat them is by using other nanomaterials," Webster said. "In nanotechnology, we turned our attention to developing nanoparticles that could be attached chemically to the viruses and stop them from spreading."
The World Health Organization (WHO) reports that the Ebola virus, once known as Ebola haemorrhagic fever, is one of the world's most virulent diseases with a fatality rate of approximately 90%. Spread by direct contact with the blood, fluids and tissues of infected animals or people, authorities have attempted to contain the outbreak, which began in Guinea and has spread to Liberia and Nigeria, which have both declared health emergencies because of it.
There are no licensed vaccines or specific treatments for the virus, although several vaccines are being tested, according to WHO.
Webster's idea is to create nanomaterials that can attach to the virus and change its structure so it can't enter cells to replicate.
"We also are developing gold nanoparticles that can attach to Ebola, and other viruses, and then when we heat up the gold through infrared wavelengths, we can selectively kill the Ebola virus," they explained to Computerworld.
A similar technique has been tested to kill cancer cells.
A little more than a year ago, a research team at Cornell University announced it had paired nanoparticles with infrared heat to kill colorectal cancer cells.
Heat has been proved to kill cancer cells, but researchers discovered that heating up the entire body damages both cancerous and healthy cells.
At Cornell, researchers devised a way to direct the heat at only the cancer cells by guiding gold nanoparticles inside the tumor, then the particles amplify any heat directed at them. By using a near-infrared laser, the nanoparticle can be heated to about 120 degrees Fahrenheit, which is hot enough to kill many cancerous cells.
The work showed a threefold increase in killing cancer cells and a "substantial," though not complete, tumor reduction within 30 days.
Scientists at Northeastern are hoping this same kind of treatment can also target and kill the Ebola virus.
To make the heat more effective, Webster and their colleagues decided that heating up a larger surface would be even more damaging to the virus cells. That led them to create a nano-structure larger than a typical nanoparticle, according to Northeastern.
The researchers built a nanostar, which has more surface area so it can conduct more heat.
"The star ... can heat up much faster than a sphere can," Webster said. "And that greater surface area allows it to attack more viruses once they absorb into the particles."
Webster noted that their team also is researching ways to use nanoparticles that would act like a virus decoy. Those nanoparticles would attract the virus and attack them instead of healthy human cells.
Webster said they are probably five to 10 years away from having a nano-based treatment for Ebola. However, they noted that other labs are working on similar nanotech treatments, increasing the odds of creating a cure sooner.
Badusha recipe with step-by-step photos. Badusha recipe, balushahi recipe call it by any name, this has to one of the most sought after and delicious Indian sweet. It is my long time wish to try and share some Indian sweet recipes here and I made badusha recipe last week just for sharing here :).
Badusha also known as butter badusha is a very popular one in shops as well as marriage feasts. In Tamil weddings badusha is served in meals as well as kept among other goodies and gifts.
I was assuming badusha making is very difficult and kept postponing. I have at least 10 recipes for badusha in my cookbook collections. Last week I gathered the courage and started with the preparations. Making badusha was a breeze for me :). I usually have problem with sugar syrup but this time one string syrup for badusha came out prefect too. There are N number of badusha recipes over the web. I followed a recipe from an old cook book samaithu paar, altered the quantities slightly and made in small quantity. I made around 12 badushas and all were gone in 2 days:). I made few badusha with design and lost patience for the rest. Just made round badushas with the remaining dough.
To make badusha recipe we need flour, curd, melted butter. There is absolutely no need to add cooking soda for badusha. Just knead the dough well and rest it for 30 minutes. Kneading the dough well is important for badusha. There is no need for a very soft dough, but smooth and crack free dough is needed. Else there will be cracks while shaping and frying. The next important factor in badusha making is one string sugar syrup. Also make sure you deep fry the shaped badushas in hot oil in the lowest flame. If you fry in high flame, the top will get browned very soon and inside will remain uncooked just like gulab jamun.
The sugar syrup on badusha will crystallize and become thick as badusha cools down. It is not seen much in the photos as they were taken when badushas were warm.
Serve badusha immediately or store in airtight container. Stays good for around 4 days in room temperature. Warm badusha tastes divine P)
Here is how to make badusha recipe with step-by-step photos. Do check out other Indian sweet recipes like gulab jamun, lavanglatha, peda too.
Badusha recipe card below:
Print Badusha recipe | How to make badhusha recipe | Balushahi recipe Prep Time 45 mins Cook Time 30 mins Total Time 1 hr 15 mins Badusha recipe, flaky and delicious Indian sweet made with flour and dipped in sugar syrup. Popular Indian sweet made easily at home Course: sweet Cuisine: Indian Servings : 10 Calories : 112 kcal Authors : Harini Ingredients (1 cup=250 ml) 1 cup maida/ all purpose flour
1/4 cup melted butter
2 tablespoons curd
2 tablespoons water
1 tablespoon sugar
a pinch of salt
For sugar syrup
1/2 cup sugar
Water
Saffron
rose essence or cardamom powder
Nuts for garnishing Instructions Melt butter in a small pan and wait till it cools down to room temperature. Once the butter is ready, add curd to it and whisk very well. Add 1 tablespoon sugar and beat well till the mixture turns frothy and light. Add the flour to butter mixture and mix well till the whole mixture resemble crumbs. It is important to incorporate the butter very well into the flour. Now start adding water little by little and bring the dough together. It is ok if the dough is a bit sticky. Once you knead it will become smooth. Knead the dough for 10 minutes. Once the dough is ready rest it for 30 minutes. Divide the dough into 15-20 balls. Shape each ball into badusha. Just flatten it and make a dent in the center or make swirls in the edge. Prepare one string sugar syrup. Take sugar in a deep vessel. Add just enough water to cover the sugar. Mix well and cook in medium flame till one string is achieved. You can add few drops of lemon juice to keep the syrup from getting hard. You can add saffron, rose essence or cardamom powder to the sugar syrup for flavor. The sugar syrup should be warm till the whole time you add badusha to it. Heat oil for deep frying. One the oil is hot keep the flame low. Do not let the oil smoke. Once the oil is hot add around 3-4 badushas. Deep fry until it turns golden brown. Drain to a kitchen towel. Drop the prepared badushas in sugar syrup. Let it soak for 30 minutes before serving. Repeat the same wth remaining badushas. Once done you can store them in airtight containers. Serve badusha as needed. Recipe Notes 1. Always maintain low flame while frying.
2. Do not add more butter then the badusha will dissolve in oil while frying
3. You can add 1/8 teaspoon baking soda if needed but I did not add. Kneading the dough and resting is enough.
Step by step badusha recipe.
1.Melt butter in a small pan and wait till it cools down to room temperature. Once the butter is ready, add curd to it and whisk very well. Add 1 tablespoon sugar and beat well till the mixture turns frothy and light.
2. Add the flour to butter mixture and mix well till the whole mixture resemble crumbs. It is important to incorporate the butter very well into the flour.
3. Now start adding water little by little and bring the dough together. It is ok if the dough is a bit sticky. Once you knead it will become smooth. Knead the dough for 10 minutes. Once the dough is ready rest it for 30 minutes. Divide the dough into 10-12 balls. Shape each ball into badusha. Just flatten it and make a dent in the center or make swirls in the edge.
4. Prepare one string sugar syrup. Take sugar in a deep vessel. Add just enough water to cover the sugar. Mix well and cook in medium flame till one string is achieved. You can add few drops of lemon juice to keep the syrup from getting hard. You can add saffron, rose essence or cardamom powder to the sugar syrup for flavor. The sugar syrup should be warm till the whole time you add badusha to it.
5. Heat oil for deep frying. One the oil is hot keep the flame low. Do not let the oil smoke. Once the oil is hot add around 3-4 badushas. Deep fry until it turns golden brown. Drain to a kitchen towel.
6. Drop the prepared badushas in sugar syrup. Let it soak for 30 minutes before serving. Repeat the same with remaining badushas. Once done you can store them in airtight containers. Serve badusha as needed.
Sharing is caring!
I've made my share of tone deaf, ill-conceived spots in my 25-year advertising career, almost all of that time spent at agencies. So far be it from me to point a judgmental finger at the creatives who made the new Pepsi Kendall Jenner ad.
But I do think Pepsi could have avoided a fiasco if they hadn't brought the assignment in-house.
Full disclosure: I own an agency, and we've seen many of our clients consolidating substantial amounts of their creative work in-house. Which might make you think I have a chip on my shoulder about this. But you'd be wrong.
I have, for many years, advocated that much of a brand's work should indeed be done in-house. There is an understanding of the brand and efficiency of execution that only comes when your job is to walk into the company and think about its brand every hour of every day.
Also, in-house creative departments will always beat agencies at knowing its internal, key account and core loyalist audiences better—especially as the media landscape has shifted rapidly from broad, impression-based traditional media to digital ecosystems where success or failure reports itself in real time. The multitudes of award-winning work done by brand creative teams is evidence of this, and the bottom-line results they create are proof.
But there is one major consideration about in the in-house model—and that is loss of perspective. When you walk in every day to the same corporate culture, you can't help but get swallowed up, to varying degrees, by that culture. The politics, the worries about job security, the sheer number of meetings where the brand is necessarily exalted in the extreme—these take a toll.
'Someone let the holy grail of in-house efficiency blind them to what's actually happening just outside their walls.'
And that toll is losing touch with the realities of your customers. The best agencies provide a vital role to their clients by representing the consumer's needs. They remind a brand how to stay in touch with them, that some corporate cultures can become their own worst enemy in staying relevant.
Someone at Pepsi forgot this. Someone let the holy grail of in-house efficiency blind them to what's actually happening just outside their walls.
So here we have a piece of film, with excellent production values, obviously created by talented people from a brief asking for deep cultural relevancy and impact. And yet it lacks any sense of reality, any insight into the human condition, any soul that makes you want to see it again and again. There's a reason Coke's I'd Like to Teach The World to Sing became a radio hit after its airing. This ad wanted to be Pepsi's “Hilltop,” but it didn't come close.
If I were doing a post-mortem with Pepsi's in-house creatives, I would tell them to go home, have a glass of wine, or beer, or iced tea—anything but a Pepsi (just this once). Put this behind you, reconnect with the world, and get on with being the talented creatives you obviously are. We all have misfires.
As for everyone else, a little thoughtful and grounded perspective never hurts. Even for one of the world's biggest brands.
Mark Ray is principal and chief creative officer at Portland, Ore.-based North (@north).
IN the Premier League, each rung a team can climb on the ladder is worth millions.
In the A-League, the players are fighting for professional pride — for a place in the finals, and a tilt at glory.
It's one of the peculiarities of the Australian system that when the dust settles on the league table, six go forward — and this year the battle for sixth is the most acute contest left in terms of the likely final make-up of the ladder.
The Wanderers and the Mariners are in the hunt for sixth. Source: AAP
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
No matter that finishing sixth or even fifth never translates into finals success — hope springs eternal after all. Debate continues every year about the merit of six teams from 10 being rewarded with an place in the play-offs, but in the absence of promotion and relegation, this is the most noteworthy aspect to the bottom half of the table.
So it's hard not to want this four-way battle for sixth to keep slugging on until the last round if possible. With the proliferation of apparently shock results in the A-League, that's entirely feasible.
The Wanderers limped home from Shanghai ready for their fifth match in 15 days, three of them lost. Defender Brendon Hamill admitted morale was at a low ebb, but many of those involved in losing 4-1 to Shanghai SIPG will have to answer A-League duty on Saturday night.
“We don't have a big enough squad to be able to field two different teams (for each competition) so there will be players who will have to back up,” said coach Tony Popovic.
At least it is the most favourable fixture possible, at home to rock-bottom Adelaide, really the only side with nothing to play for. Around Western Sydney, the other three teams still harbouring hopes of making the finals — Central Coast, Newcastle and Wellington — all host teams above them.
Tony Popovic is confident the Wanderers can make a playoff run Source: News Corp Australia
The trio of opponents, Melbourne City, Perth and Brisbane respectively, are in a mini contest of their own to see who gets a home final by finishing third or fourth, and which will finish fifth and hence must travel.
It might seem perverse the Wanderers, Mariners and Jets still can make the finals with records of five wins apiece in 21 games — Wellington have an extra victory — but the fact Central Coast and Newcastle are still in touch with the top six is a relative triumph for their coaches, given the circumstances and timing of their appointments just a few weeks from the start of the season.
Western Sydney rightly have grander ambitions, after three grand finals in four seasons. Popovic repeats the line ad infinitum that they still believe their side can make the grand final, and finally win one.
They do have respite to look forward to, thanks to round 23 being split over two weekends precisely to give the Asian Champions League entrants some breathing space.
But the harsh truth is only Adelaide have scored fewer goals than Western Sydney. There is still time to rectify that, but if this season is proving anything, it's the value of the 15-goal-a-season striker the Wanderers have never had.
The man, who was seen tied to an army jeep on polling day has been identified as Farooq Dar, whiles the army unit involved in the act was 53 Rashtriya Rifles. Officials investigating the matter on the instructions of Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti said Dar is a resident of Sitaharaan village in Khag tehsil of Budgam in central Kashmir.
The video, in which a man was seen tied to an army jeep, allegedly as a human shield against stone-pelting, and which had gone viral on social media, had created an outrage in the Valley, forcing the authorities and the army to investigate the matter. During investigation, Dar said they were out to cast their vote and later visit their sister's house, where a bereavement had taken place, to offer condolences.
Dar told investigators that after exercising their right to vote, they were proceeding towards their sister's village when they were caught by the army personnel who wanted to enter Beerwah village along with the polling staff, the officials said. Dar was tied to a jeep as the army moved into the village along with a convoy of jawans and some polling staff, they said.
The civilian claimed that they were released after they were paraded in 10 to 12 villages, the officials said. Sources in the army, which has promised an enquiry, claimed that Dar was picked up from a "trouble spot" and was tied up for barely 100 metres before being released.
They said the unit involved in the act was 53 RR. The Rashtriya Rifles was carved out from various units of the army for fighting militancy in Jammu and Kashmir.
This young man was TIED to the front of an army jeep to make sure no stones were thrown at the jeep? This is just so shocking!!!! #Kashmir pic.twitter.com/bqs4YJOpJc — Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) April 14, 2017
Five people arrested for assaulting CRPF men
Five people were arrested today in connection with the assault on CRPF men during bypoll to the Srinagar parliamentary seat on April 9, while two more disturbing videos went viral, sparking a fresh row in the restive Kashmir valley.
After receiving a complaint from the CRPF, five persons were arrested, and a hunt was on for others seen in the video shot in Budgam district, police said. Budgam accounted for the death of seven of the eight protesters during the poll-day violence.
The video surfaced a day after the polling in which some CRPF personnel were seen walking down a street while being heckled, kicked and punched by youths, setting off a nationwide outrage. There was no retaliation by the security personnel, who quietly walked to their camp as they were under instructions to not open fire, sources in the paramilitary said.
The CRPF had strongly protested with the Jammu and Kashmir police as its personnel and polling staff had abandoned the polling station early, officials said.
Jammu and Kashmir Police chief S P Vaid today lauded the restraint shown by the CRPF jawans and said, "Any armed force in the world would have retaliated with force".
"We have registered an FIR in police station Chadoora against the ruffians who heckled the CRPF personnel. They will be dealt with as per law," Vaid told PTI.
The DGP said an FIR has also been lodged after a video surfaced in which an ITBP personnel was seen shooting right in the head of a stone-pelting protester outside a polling station in same area.
"A case has been registered in connection with that incident also. It is a matter of investigation and action will be taken against whoever is found guilty," the DGP added.
Officials of the central paramilitary force claimed the local police had abandoned the polling station, leaving the ITBP jawans without any non-lethal riot-control weapon.
The third video showed a youth in Beerwah being tied to an army jeep, ostensibly to be used as a human shield against stone-pelting by rampaging protesters.
The video triggered an outrage, with former Chief Minister Omar Abdullah terming it as "shocking".
The video was reportedly shot in Beerwah, Omar's assembly constituency. "This young man was TIED to the front of an army jeep to make sure no stones were thrown at the jeep? This is just so shocking!" Omar wrote on Twitter.
The National Conference leader said while they understand the outrage generated across the country by the video in which CRPF personnel were seen being assaulted, they were enraged because the video of the youth tied to the jeep was not generating the same anger.
"I understand the outrage the CRPF video generated. I'm also outraged that the video of the youth on the jeep won't generate the same anger," they said.
Amid the uproar over the videos, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti quickly got into action and sought a report from the state police on the "disturbing" videos of "unacceptable" incidents which have emerged from the Budgam district from the day of polling.
The Chief Minister expressed concern over the videos being circulated on social media and has directed the police to submit a detailed report about the incidents so that necessary action could be taken, official sources said.
After an amazing match against City at the Etihad stadium on Boxing Day, Liverpool headed over to London to square off with Chelsea in another heavyweight encounter. The clash was important for both sides as their rivals City, Arsenal, United all won this weekend, meaning that the loser of this clash was bound to fall behind a bit on the table. Spurs and Everton also won matches, compounding the misery for the side at the wrong end of the scoreline.
Chelsea 2-1 Liverpool
Line Ups
Chelsea: Cech; Ivanovic (A. Cole, 30); Cahill; Terry; Azpilicueta; D. Luiz; Lampard (Mikel, 45); Hazard; Oscar; Willian; Eto'o (Torres, 87).
Liverpool: Mignolet; Johnson (Aspas, 83); Skrtel; Sakho (K. Toure, 90); Agger; Lucas; Allen (Smith, 60); Henderson; Sterling; Suarez; Coutinho
Suarez completely shut out, Chelsea breaks up front-three interplay
We saw in the Manchester City game how the City defence first employed Kompany to mark Suarez, and later found it more defensively effective to place a midfielder (Toure) on him. It was effective but Liverpool still did manage to find a way past it, with Suarez & Sterling in particular, linking up decently in attacking positions.
Mourinho realised the threat of Liverpool's front three (Suarez, Sterling & Coutinho), and how breaking up their interplay would prevent any sort of attacking threat from the away side. The likes of Henderson have contributed as well, while Sterling has been a bright spark in the last couple of weeks. But all the good passing, quick play, neat touches, movement & runs, every chance created and every bit of Liverpool play in the final third is directly or indirectly related to Luis Suarez. Whether that be their through balls, their pressing or just their movement to bring players into play. Cancel that out, and you shut out Liverpool's team.
Chelsea did a remarkably wonderful and disciplined job against Suarez. When they were in the attacking third, the centre backs were quickly onto him. They tracked them when they dropped deep to collect the ball, and followed their run when they looked to get into space. The moment they were on the ball, a player was close to him. When Suarez dropped deeper than the attacking zone and into a more midfield territory, they had David Luiz on them but ensured they didn't stick too close to the Uruguayan, and Mikel in the second half, further removing their relevance. And when the Uruguayan moved out wide to have a more telling contribution, Ivanovic & Azpilicueta were there to cover (this was when they moved to the left of attack and rarely did they float to the right side).
Thus they were marked out of the game, and Sterling & Coutinho had nothing to play to. Coutinho looked to move narrower and find the Liverpool #7, but their pass was either cut out, or a pass was just not on due to Chelsea's close proximity to Suarez. Sterling tried to take matters into their own hands, good quick feet got them past 2-3 players on the flanks, but what then? No one's in the box, Suarez is marked out, they can do nothing but lose possession.
As seen in the illustration above, Sterling has made a good run with the ball down the flanks, yet they are being tracked by three Chelsea players, there's no one in the centre, or the box, but Coutinho and Suarez are making runs. They too, however, have two men on them to quickly close them down as soon as they receive the ball. Chelsea has thus crowded out Liverpool's attacking force, especially Sterling in this case, and the young Englishman can do nothing but concede possession.
Here's an instance from the second half, young Brad Smith ventured forward, took a neat first time touch and attempted to find a team-mate, but there was no one in the box. They don't have the strength to hold up play, and can do nothing but concede possession. Just look at the number of Chelsea players covering their defensive done, they made it effectively impossible for Liverpool to pass it around how they usually do. And the Reds lack creativity from midfield as well, relying on the creative edge and speed provided by the front three. A masterclass from Mourinho!
Chelsea switch wings as their main attacking ploy, also preventing Liverpool from playing out wide
A very effective aspect of Chelsea's attack was the manner in which they constantly switched flanks. They didn't necessarily play along the flanks, but their attacking midfielders, such as Hazard and Willian, were always making runs and stretching the play, offering themselves in wide areas. Liverpool's defence found it hard to constantly track the positional shift of Chelsea's attack. The lateral passing approach was extremely effective in Chelsea's retaining possession and building patient attacks.
Another deviation from the trend this season for Chelsea was the behaviour of the full backs. So far, it has mostly seen them staying back with defensive roles. If anything, Ivanovic has been the only one charging forward, with Azpilicueta on the left hanging back. This game saw Mourinho throwing their full backs forward to assist the attack. The ploy worked as well, with Azpilicueta's cross setting up the second goal. Ashley Cole too enjoyed a lot more freedom on the left hand side, and joined in the attack. They were higher up the pitch for another reason as well, that being to assist the midfield. Liverpool generally has a midfield overload to try and play through the middle of the pitch. In order to counter this overload, Chelsea needed bodies in the middle of the park, and needed to be aggressive as well. The aggression is well documented with all the tackling and fouling (17 in all) and the presence of the wing backs served to add numbers to this area of the pitch.
Thus Chelsea dealt with Liverpool's attack centrally, and created their own attacks out wide, using the attacking midfielders and wing backs. This prevented Agger and Johnson on either flank from venturing forward, restricting their contribution to attack. Thus Liverpool's attacking trio was overpowered, and they had nothing in the form of support from their full-backs.
When the Liverpool full-backs did get forward, they risked leaving gaps at the back which Chelsea were more than willing to exploit, once again employing their wings-switching play.
Chelsea Pressing High
Generally this season, Mourinho has kept Chelsea a little deep, trying to encourage opposition teams to fling their full backs forward, and then counter into the spaces vacated by these attacking full backs. The pressing from the forward players has been done in order to show opposition defenders into wide areas, to feed full backs and get teams playing here. The last couple of games though, have seen a different Chelsea. Against Swansea, and especially Liverpool, the team has changed its approach to pressing the opposition. This may have been because the two teams in question prefer to pass the ball through the middle, or it may represent a more permanent shift in the team's tactics, but there is no doubt that the attitude to pressing was different.
In this encounter, Chelsea pressed Liverpool hard high up the pitch. The centre backs weren't allowed the luxury of dallying on the ball as the Blues closed them down repeatedly. Eto'o, as Mourinho later stated, upped the intensity and aggression in their defensive approach quite controversially. Over the game, the two Chelsea players completing the highest number of tackles were Oscar and Willian, two Brazilian attacking midfielders, with 4 each.
As can be seen above, both centre backs are being closed down by Chelsea players, and Willian, on the right wing, is very close to Agger who is about to receive the pass. Oscar (circled) too, is in the frame, and was seen closing down the right full back just prior to this shot. This happened throughout the first half, and Liverpool couldn't really generate any rhythm to their passing, and as a consequence failed to keep the ball. They attempted around 100 passes fewer than Chelsea in the half, and the dominance showed as Chelsea scored twice to win the game.
Another method Chelsea employed to make this pressing effective, and something that we haven't seen very often from the Blues this season, was pushing their midfielders and defenders forward to join in the fun. So far this season, we've seen the midfield and defence trying to win the ball aggressively, while the front 4 simply set up and facilitate this by showing opposition players into given areas. The game against Liverpool was very different though, and the entire team was encouraged to push forward and try to win the ball.
As can be seen in the image above, David Luiz and Cesar Azpilicueta were pretty high up the pitch. Azpilicueta is retreating, but David Luiz is charging aggressively towards the man on the ball with a view to winning it.
In the second half however, we saw a very different approach from Chelsea. If the first half saw a lot of pressing, the second half saw a more defensive outlook from the Blues. Mikel came on for Lampard, necessitated by injury, and sat a lot deeper than the Englishman. Chelsea too, sat off a little more and played deeper. The first half saw them trying to cut off supply to the isolated Suarez by playing slightly higher up the pitch and making interceptions, trying to win the ball off Liverpool quickly. In terms of action, the second half saw 8.31% action in the penalty area, as opposed to 6.21% in the first half. The first half saw 8 interceptions and 18 tackles (attempted), symbols of aggressive defending, and only 10 clearances. The second half was a little different, seeing 15 tackles and 4 interceptions (halved), and 16 clearances, a dramatic increase from the first half.
Where does this leave them?
Chelsea haven't necessarily been at their best this campaign, but this was arguably Chelsea's most professional performance. They are well within reach of the top (just two points) and are well set-up to maintain their title change. The league is too close to call, but Chelsea's (and City's) squad depth will be a major factor in deciding how this title race concludes.
Liverpool were top at Christmas and out of the Champions League spots in four days. Their lack of squad depth compiled with their injury pile up could really hurt Rodgers' men. They are still within reach of the top, but a small gap is opening up between the three and the rest of the sides. If this gap is retained, the Premier League title race may end up being a three-man race with the rest of the sides chasing 4th.
This article was written by Sami Faizullah and Vishal Patel
What did you think of the game? Did you notice anything else tactically? Have we missed out on something? If so, do leave a comment below.
Follow us on Twitter @OOTB_football and like us on Facebook, to keep up to date with the latest from Outside of the Boot. We're on Google+ and Tumblr as well for those interested.
"QUANTUM SHOT" #610 Link - article by Simon Rose and Avi Abrams
Graphical Marvels, Forged Notes, Hyperinflation "Riches" and Propaganda Bed Sheets
"Paper money eventually returns to its intrinsic value - zero." (Voltaire, 1694-1778)
World's historical banknotes often provide the clearest and unique view on country's political and design sensibilities. For example, old Russian Empire banknotes were pretty elaborate and some of the largest in size:
(1912 Russian empire banknote with Czar Peter the Great)
German crisis money around 1921 "Serienscheine" (series notes) are especially fascinating from a graphical viewpoint - see more here:
(images via)
Imaginary (thank God!) Bank of Cthulhu:
(image via)
Polish banknotes with Frédéric Chopin - an epitomy of culture:
(image via)
A humble squirrel is featured on banknotes from Belarus:
The world's oldest known banknote
The earliest recorded use of paper money is in China around 800 AD, although the Chinese abandoned paper money in the mid fifteenth century. This Chinese Kuan note is the world's oldest known banknote, from around 1380.
(left: the Kuan note; right: painting from this period, by Ni Zan - images via 1, 2)
European paper money as we would recognize it today seems to have its origins in the seventeenth century. In 1633, English goldsmith certificates were being used as receipts for customers to reclaim deposits, and also as evidence of someone's ability to pay. By 1660, these receipts were recognized as a convenient alternative to handling coins or bullion, a forerunner perhaps of the banknote in England.
The Bank of Sweden was founded in 1656, granting loans and mortgages, issuing bills of credit and taking deposits. In 1661, it was the first chartered bank in Europe to issues notes. This hundred Daler note was issued in 1666:
(image via)
In the UK, the Bank of England has been issuing banknotes since 1694, but didn't have a legal monopoly until 1921. Decimal currency was introduced in the UK on February 15, 1971. The fifty pence coin, one of the first new ones issued, is very familiar to the people of Britain since its introduction almost four decades ago, but still seems odd to the outsider with its heptagonal shape (below, left).
(images via 1, 2)
The British public, however, had seen a multi-sided coin before. The threepenny bit was introduced in the mid-thirties, although a threepenny coin had been minted in silver since 1547. The twelve-sided version would remain in circulation until 1970 (above, middle). However, the new decimal system wasn't without its oddities. The half penny coin enjoyed a surprisingly long and increasingly pointless existence, before it was withdrawn from the monetary system in 1984 (above, right).
Scotland has a number of distinct institutions, quite separate to England and Wales, and this includes currency. Scottish banknotes are recognized as currency in Scotland and usually in other parts of the UK, but may be refused by people in stores who are unfamiliar with such notes. However, they are of the same value as English notes and financial institutions will accept them without question:
Banknotes issued by Northern Ireland banks have similar status to Scottish ones and can technically be used anywhere in the UK. However, they are rarely seen outside Northern Ireland and are thus equally rarely accepted in England and Wales, although once again, financial institutions will readily take them. This limited edition banknote from 2006 commemorates the soccer legend George Best:
o
The Channel Islands and the Isle of Man are somewhat confusingly possessions of the British Crown, but not part of the UK. Consequently, although they have currency unions with London, they each issue their own banknotes. However, unlike Scotland and Northern Ireland, these notes cannot be used in the UK.
This Isle of Man banknote displays the island's famous three-legged symbol:
These examples are from the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, located off the northern coast of France:
(images via)
The Channel Islands were the only British territory to be occupied by Germany during World War Two. These are pictures of currency used during the German Occupation. The top ones were used by the people of Guernsey, while the lower one shows the military currency used by German army:
Also from World War Two, here is this great example of forged currency. Operation Bernhard was the German plan to destabilize the British economy by printing phoney banknotes in various denominations. In 1943, 500,000 notes were produced, which were planned to be parachuted over Britain. The Allies retrieved most the notes at the end of the war, but forgeries still occasionally appeared for several years after 1945:
Remnants of a once mighty empire, there are fourteen British Overseas Territories which all issue their own currencies, including Gibraltar, Saint Helena and the Falkland Islands, none of which are legal in the UK or outside the territories of origin (below, left):
(images via)
In 1936, King Edward VIII abdicated the throne of England and was never actually crowned. As a result, coins bearing their head are collectors items. In the 1930's, the British Empire spanned the globe and here's a sovereign minted for the new king in Canada (above, right)
Also from North America, no article on currency would be complete without some mention of banknotes issues by the Confederate States of America during the Civil War. Here are two examples of Confederate twenty dollar bills from 1861 and 1864:
(images via)
There was of course another independent country in the southern part of what is now the United States a few decades earlier. Here's some money issued by the Republic of Texas in the 1830's:
(image via)
Although the shape of the British three pence and fifty pence coins may seem somewhat odd to non-UK residents, how about these coins minted in Zambia in honour of the 2000 Sydney Olympics? -
(image via)
Also in Africa, the economic troubles of Zimbabwe in recent years have been reflected in the currency, such as this ten million dollar banknote from 2008:
However, it has been exceeded by far with this one (click to enlarge):
(image via)
Zimbabwe is not the first country to experience such hyperinflation, of course. After the First World War, Germany endured a severe economic crisis. In 1914, the highest denomination German note was for 1000 Mark, which was worth approximately 238 US dollars or 50 British pounds. In early 1922, the government issued 10,000 Mark notes, but by February 1923, Germans were using banknotes in denominations of 100,000 and 1 million Marks. Notes reached 50 million in July, 10 billion in September and 100 trillion when hyperinflation peaked in October 1923.
Just to give you an idea of what this meant for the average German, on November 1 1923, you could buy a loaf of bread for a measly three billion or truly splash out and get three pounds of meat for 100 billion. By November 15, 100 billion would get you two glasses of beer, not really enough to make you forget your troubles, while that loaf would now cost you 80 billion.
When it was all over, these huge banknotes were worth around 5 pounds or 24 US dollars. On November 15, the government introduced a new currency, one unit of which was worth a trillion of the old Marks. Prices eventually stabilized, but most of the population had nevertheless seen their wealth vanish.
5 Million Mark Note issued in Dresden on August 21, 1923:
Ten million:
50 million:
100 million:
500 million:
100 trillion, Nov. 3 1923 - see this site for more:
(image via 1, 2, 3, 4)
Later in the interwar period Germany got a new government who's head actually resisted having their own head on the national currency. However, with victory seemingly within sight, Adolf Hitler decided that their head should indeed adorn the country's money, after the anticipated final triumph. This design for a five reichsmark coin was struck in 1942, but never issued:
The following banknotes were created by the Nazis for the infamous concentration camp, at Theresienstadt in what is now the Czech republic. The camp served as a showpiece for the Nazis to demonstrate to the Red Cross and other agencies how Jewish prisoners were being well treated, took part in cultural events and had schools for their children. In reality, over 30,000 people died in Theresienstadt and almost 90,000 were sent from there to extermination camps further east. These 10 and 20 Kronen notes were part of the propaganda ploy presented to the Red Cross, but were simply papers with no value and never used:
Hitler's fellow dictator, Josef Stalin, got their head on the 100 Kronen coin in Soviet occupied Czechoslovakia 1949:
In Asia, World War Two resulted in what turned out to be temporary occupation currency in a number of different countries. These ten military yen note 1941 was issued during the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong:
(image via)
This one is from the Philippines occupation:
This 1944 100 Yuan banknote circulated in the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo, better known as Manchuria, in north west China:
And finally, also from Asia, probably the largest banknote in the world - 16cm(6.3in) by 16cm(6.3in) - issued in Thailand in 1987:
banknote origami from a Japanese artist Hasegawa Yosuke - see their site for more:
(image credit: Hasegawa Yosuke)
For richer, or for poorer... collecting money is what most people do, or strive to do, anyway:
Article by Simon Rose and Avi Abrams, Dark Roasted Blend.
CONTINUE TO PART TWO! ->
ALSO READ "WORLD'S MOST CURIOUS EPHEMERA" ->
In case you missed it, right-wing media, led by Sean Hannity and Fox, have been pre-poisoning the political atmosphere, possibly in anticipation of an announcement by Mueller of indictments within Team Trump's Russian Collusion Cabal.
Certainly, the timing is suspect.
But the poison lies they've been telling are old and debunked. It's as if they are running out of conspiracies when it comes to Hillary Clinton. Ya think?
The old lie Fox dug up to make Hillary and the DNC the "REAL" Russia colluders, has to do with a word salad including the words "uranium," "Russia," "deal," and "e-mails."
They toss the salad and voila, a weak-minded person might come away thinking that Hillary Cllinton personally wrote (and then deleted) 33,000 emails offering weapons-grade nuclear fuel for sale out of the State Department's offices in order to fund a world-take-over by the Clinton Foundation. Dr. Evil eat your heart out!
This has been making the rounds on Twitter and is a helpful debunk-er of the whole story:
And Jen Kerns from the Washington Examiner was clearly on the Hillary as weapons dealer side. Poor Jen, they should know better than to bring that fight to the slayer of right-wing lie dragons, Joy Ann-Reid. Panel members Catherine Rampell and Eric Boehlert provided an assist, but really, this is Reid's show and they do not take prisoners.
Partial transcript follows:
REID: This does certainly seem to be coordinated. Were talking points issued by the Republican National Committee this week to Trump surrogates, to when asked about Russia collusion shift the story to Uranium One?
KERNS: Not in those words. The RNC does put out its research pieces. I think the RNC shop is quite good. A lot of the information sourced in there is independently verified. It includes sourcing from left wing media publications, the Washington Post, others that aren't Fox News. Look, I think it's important that the media is covering this issue, not just the Fusion GPS story but the Uranium One story.
↓ Story continues below ↓
REID: Why do you say that?
KERNS: Well, look, I think there are some new developments this week that make it worthy about coverage. The fact that Hillary Clinton and the DNc funded the GPS Trump dossier I think is quite relevant.
REID: As did a conservative Republican media outlet that actually began....
KERNS: That is true.
REID: But why does that matter, because here's the thing about the sealed dossier. Let's do that one first. Some of the information in it. Some of that actually checked out. So if in fact, that document contains relevant and valid information showing that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia or worked with Russian operatives in order to distort the results of the 2016 election, who cares whether the oppo-research was paid for by both a Republican and Democrat?
KERNS: Well look, I put it on the Washington Free Beacon. Just because a conservative outlet paid for it doesn't make it okay, and it also doesn't let Democrats off of the hook.
REID: The hook for what?
KERNS: None of the information has in the Trump dossier has checked out and been independently verified...
REID: That's not true.
KERNS: CBS News, who is no conservative publication has checked it out and they found several things that were actually outright false. Michael Cohen, Trump's own attorney had to produce dozens of documents to show they themselves was not where the Trump dossier said they are.
REID: Okay, you're talking about the one thing in the dossier, and I'm not going to get reeled into a debate about whether or not the dossier, because this is actually what I suspect that those RNC talking points suggested that you do. When you get on a show like this, and we want to talk about Russia-gate, these indictments, that you should bring up Fusion GPS, and you should bring up Uranium One. Is that something you were told to do?
KERNS: No, absolutely not.
REID: Or something suggested you should do?
KERNS: No. Absolutely not. Look, I'm on the various mailing lists of the RNC. You might be on those lists as well. There is information. We're talking about it.
[…]
REID: Why should they resign from the investigation?
KERNS: Well, there are a couple of reasons. One, I'm sorry to say, does go back to the Fusion GPS piece...
REID: This goes back to. Look what you've done. Let me ask you a quick question before I bring in the rest of the panel. What about the Fusion deal, this is a deal in 2010 to sell a Canadian company to a Russian company, right? What about that deal is worthy of investigation?
KERNS: The Uranium One deal, you mean?
REID: Yeah.
KERNS: Look, the Uranium One deal is problematic because you have Hillary Clinton, who is presiding as the Secretary of State's office, we have evidence to show—and this came out in the last week or two—that there was a Russian spy who was getting close to Hillary Clinton, it was reported in the mainstream. You have Bill Clinton --
REID: This all is old news. (crosstalk) No, no, no. We're not going to get into that. I want to ask you a couple fact-based questions. Who got the money when the Canadian company was sold to the Russian company? The Uranium One? Who received the money?
KERNS: I presume the company.
REID: Yes. Okay, second question. Who approved the sale? Because when any sort of uranium or any company sells that type product, and by the way the uranium that's mined is mined right, is for nuclear power. It's not for nuclear bombs. Right? But when that happens there is an organization called CFIUS that approves it. Do you know what CFIUS that stands for?
KERNS: Yes. The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.
REID: How many people sit on the committee?
KERNS: Nine members.
REID: How many have to approve a deal like this?
KERNS: All nine of them.
REID: All nine.
KERNS: Absolutely.
REID: How many approved this deal?
KERNS: All nine of them.
REID: Did Hillary Clinton sit personally on that deal?
KERNS: No, but they pushed for it.
REID: Hold on. Who is the person who donated to Hillary Clinton who is related to and had an investment in uranium one? What is that person's name? Do you remember their name?
KERNS: They are board members of Uranium One donated up to I think it's a $143 million... to the Clinton Foundation.
REID: Did they own any assets in Uranium One at the time Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State?
KERNS: You know, I don't know that, but here's what I would...
REID: They did not. Sold them. (crosstalk)
KERNS: Here's what i would like to know.
REID: They sold them years before. So what you're talking about is a deal that nine members approved unanimously. None of them was Hillary Clinton. You have a donor who separately gave Hillary Clinton donations at a time when they were not Secretary of State. The two things cross in the night.
They have no relation to each other. The members of CFIUS have been very clear Hillary Clinton had nothing to do with that approving that deal. They would have had to strong-arm eight people in order to get them to unanimously approve the deal and also the President of the United States would intervene if they saw any problems.
The CFIUS people say now that if that deal came before them today they would still approve it unanimously. There's actually nothing about the deal that's controversial. The only reason we're talking about it is because per your admission, which I think is very honest, the RNC would like us to be talking about this now.
The idea of using technology to directly cool Earth's climate — most often called geoengineering — has always been equal parts bold and crazy. But it's getting slightly more plausible every day. At an event in Washington, DC today, Harvard professor David Keith announced their new plan for testing their solar radiation management ideas, partnering with an Arizona launch site and a high-altitude balloon company called World View Enterprises. The plan is to launch a series of hover-gondolas to spray tiny particles of ice into the stratosphere, and monitor how those particles behave.
It will be years before the launches actually happen, but if they do, the resulting data could answer some of geoengineering's biggest questions. The main problem for researchers like Keith is that we still don't know exactly what geoengineering would do to the Earth. The general idea is to spray reflective particles into the atmosphere to throw off sunlight and counteract the effects of accumulating heat-trapping greenhouse gases. It works in theory, but actual testing can be politically dicey, so while there's been a lot of debate around these schemes, scientists haven't been able to do much actual research.
The Arizona balloons would be a good place to start. The balloons would carry both sprayers and sensors, letting Keith and their team get a real-time look at the effect that kind of aerosol spray would really have. And since it's ice rather than something more lingering like sulfuric acid, you could get that data without making any lasting changes to the general climate.
Of course, the whole thing is years away from happening, if it happens at all — and even if Keith's geoengineering scheme pulls through, we'll still have to worry about the head-spinning political implications of a small group of people altering an entire planet's ecosystem. But one problem at a time!
In somewhat related news, a new paper in Science broke down what it would take to keep global warming below 2 degrees Celsius, which some scientists see as the point of no return. Among other things, it involves no longer selling gas-powered cars in the US by 2030, and moving whole cities off of fossil fuels by 2040. So get ready to see more existentially troubling clouds in the very near future!
There are 14 comments for DestinyQuest Infinite.
5 out of 5 people found this helpful: Working on it
(1) Hey Shawn, we just fixed the Noldor fight. Let me know if it's working for you again! (2) Also, Paul, I just tested and your account should be working - try a refresh if it isn't, and send me an email if that doesn't work. (3) David, we fixed the Troll's blood; (4) Joshua, Berserker career is working now; (5) Chris, still working on a way for you to reply to reviews. =D (6) Nicola, got your email and fixed your account and refunded your extra purchases! (7) Fergus, not sure, it's stereo on our test computers. Send me an email if you still have an issue. [Last updated by Chris at May 31, 2017 23:42]
2 out of 2 people found this helpful:
It's everything I'd wanted after going through the actual books, I can't think of anything to fault with this - it's too much fun. [Last updated by Shawn at November 28, 2014 04:26]
1 out of 1 people found this helpful: Awesome
I just wish my venomous fang wasn't so powerful... that nightbringer looked like fun to use.
rng is WAY too tilted against the player
This could be good if the numbers were better balanced, as things are it's insanely tilted against the player to the point it's not worth bothering with. Even in part one, the "suggested" speed ratings are 2-3 points below where they should be. This is before you get into broken abilities like letting monsters re-roll 1s and 2s on speed checks automatically, healing 2 health on any roll of six ect.
I was having so much fun, but now everytime I start a new game or enter an area from a previous save, it just never loads...
charges twice for no game
help me i have been charged twice just to get SERVER ERROR on the page after check out is done. [Last updated by Nicola at May 09, 2017 09:14]
Great game, great implementation
Very addictive and very well implemented. [Last updated by Mike at December 28, 2015 22:28]
Mono?
Is it me or is the sound mono? I'm only getting audio with my headphones on my right channel :( [Last updated by Fergus at August 19, 2015 10:49]
good game but cant play anymore
i played past first chapter and it was awesome but now whenever i press continue i only get a black screen and cant play. i did buy all 3 chapters so that is not the problem [Last updated by Paul at July 17, 2015 19:48] [Last updated by Paul at July 17, 2015 20:07]
Awesome game
Game is very fun. Great job there at Questforge. One bug I noticed was that the berserker career in the gladiatorial games during Act 2 doesnt work. Takes your old career away and doesn't give the new one. Other than that, I love this game and would recommend it to any fan of gamebooks or RPGs.
Best game of this type ever.
I've been wanting a game like this for 25 years. Technology has finally caught up and such things possible. Yes! It took awhile but I finally got the "Spider Sense" ability and its awesome! I can evade 1 attack of my choosing during each battle allowing me to take on the toughest monsters with ease.
Very Good but Needs Some Tweaks
I know the mobile version is in alpha still but it's fairly random if it works or not. On my phone (Galaxy S5 w/ Chrome) and tablet (Nexus 7 w/ Chrome) it's unplayable as most of the screen isn't visible and there's no zooming or scrolling. On my larger tablet (Transformer Prime w/ Chrome) it works well enough but is very slow. Text scrolling, dice rolls for combat, etc take a very long time to resolve and display. I do like it though. I bought it to play on mobile on trips mostly (knowing it was still in testing when I bought it). The game plays very well on the desktop browsers and the atmospheric music / sounds are nice. The artwork and overall presentation are really well done. It'd be cool to have a little more flavor text during combat and different music when in that mode too. Overall it's a good adaptation of the books and I look forward to seeing what comes next. [Last updated by David at December 09, 2014 09:19]
Nice.. needs more play options
I enjoy the format & writing of this game. However, the single save point is a detriment as it doesnot allow the player to backtrack to an earlier point and then reexperience the other text or equipment choices. --The only option therefor isto invest in the time in recreating a new character and going through the combat/choices/equipment repeatedly. A free choice option or go back option would greatly enhance the experience for casual readers. Also a quick combat resolution option would be nice as occasional lags in the combat dice rolls have slowed down the flow and sometimes crashes this game.
A good start
Hello this is just a quick view as I finish the first map. Game plays well and is well written. Speed is the only thing that seems overpowered as maxing out speed means you cannot lose. It might take a while to damage enemies, but speed is the main attribute in most situations. One bug/missing ocntent I found was that the Troll Blood from the bridge still says it's a placeholder and the skill has not been implemented yet.
Show on Map
The incumbent Republican, Charles Bass, was once the kind of Republican that fit New England perfectly and had a home in the national Republican Party. For 12 years, they were a leader in the shrinking ranks of moderate Republicans, an environmentally minded member and often a thorn in the side of Republican leaders. Then came 2006, and they were swept out along with almost every other Republican in the Northeast. The son of a former member of congress and the grandson of a governor, Mr. Bass came back and reclaimed their West New Hampshire seat in the 2010 tidal wave, after Representative Paul Hodes, a Democrat, vacated it to run for the Senate. But the 3,550-vote win was not convincing. The loser in that race, Ann McLane Kuster, a lawyer, has been plotting a rematch ever since. Another scion of New Hampshire politics, they have raised more money than Mr. Bass, is something of a favorite of the political left, and may be a slight favorite in November.
Update 11 p.m.: Tropical Storm Irma has maximum sustained winds of 65 mph and is expected to become a hurricane on Thursday, according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami.
The storm is about 545 miles west of the Cabo Verde Islands and moving west at around 12 mph.
A turn toward the west-northwest is expected by Thursday, and this general motion should continue through Friday.
Storm2017
• Tracking map, preparation guide, more
• Sign up for email newsletters
Update 5 p.m.: Tropical Storm Irma is steadily intensifying as it moves west across the warm waters of the Atlantic, and is now forecast to become a Category 2 hurricane within 72 hours.
The storm, which is no immediate threat to land, had 60 mph winds as of the 5 p.m. advisory from the National Hurricane Center, and was located 480 miles west of the Cabo Verde Islands.
Forecasters believe it will gain hurricane strength late Thursday or Friday.
Irma is traveling along the south side of the Bermuda-Azores High, and should slow its 15 mph forward speed as it turns more west-northwest over the next three days.
While it's too early to decide Irma's exact path, it's never too early to be prepared.
“Unlike previous systems that came this route this year, there isn't much wind shear or dry air in the way of Irma at all,” said Jonathan Erdman, a senior digital meteorologist at Weather.com. “There's a reason why there's a peak to the season, because the optimal conditions tend to maximize right around the end of August and into September.”
This is the first time the name Irma is being used in the Atlantic. Irma replaced Irene – a name stricken from the rotating list after the 2011 hurricane season where Hurricane Irene caused devastating inland flooding in New Jersey, Massachusetts and Vermont.
The hurricane center also identified another area of concern Wednesday that could cause more grief to Gulf Coast states, including areas of southeastern Texas where Harvey has dumped 52 inches or rain, according to the Weather Prediction Center.
Hurricane forecasters gave the disturbance that could move off the coast of Mexico and into the southwestern Gulf a 20 percent chance of developing over five days. They said it would be slow to organize and that it's too early to tell how much rain it could bring.
“Whether, or to what extent, it would affect the Harvey-impacted areas is unknown,” Erdman said. “But it's something we have to watch for the entire Gulf of Mexico.”
If it becomes a named storm, it would be Jose.
Update 2:11 p.m.: The National Hurricane Center has identified an area of concern in the Gulf of Mexico, giving it a 20 percent chance of tropical development over the next five days.
Forecasters said an area of low pressure could form over the southwestern Gulf of Mexico by the weekend. Development, if any, would be slow as it moves north.
“If this system does develop, it could bring additional rainfall to portions of the Texas and Louisiana coasts,” hurricane center experts wrote in their 2 p.m. update. “However, any rainfall forecast is uncertain at this time range and it is too soon to determine any impacts.”
Update 11 a.m.: Tropical Storm Irma formed this morning 420 miles west of the Cabo Verde Islands with 50 mph winds, but is expected to strengthen and could become a hurricane this week.
In its first advisory on the nascent cyclone, hurricane center forecasters said they expect Irma to become a hurricane on Friday.
“However, Irma will be moving over more marginal water temperatures and into drier mid-level conditions, which should temper the intensification rate,” forecasters wrote in their 11 a.m. forecast.
Find everything you need to know about hurricane season on The Post's storm page.
The official 5-day intensity prediction shows Irma becoming a hurricane within 48 hours, and maxes the storm out with 90 mph winds at 120 hours.
With the storm being so far from land, there are no watches or warnings in effect.
Irma's long-term path is unclear with it expected to move “somewhat unusually” toward the west-southwest.
AccuWeather forecasters said they expect to track Irma through the middle of September as it will take about a week for it to make its trek west.
“All interests in the eastern Caribbean will need to monitor the progress of this evolving tropical cyclone, especially next week,” said AccuWeather hurricane expert Dan Kottlowski. “It is way too soon to say with certainty where and if this system will impact the U.S.”
Related: Will a hurricane be named after you this season?
We have Irma and it bears watching in the coming 7 to 10 days, could be in play for the U.S. but still early https://t.co/eeyHAPi14a — Marshall Shepherd (@DrShepherd2013) August 30, 2017
#Irma has formed in eastern Atlantic – the 9th named storm of the season. 6 other years on record (since 1851) have had >=9 NS by Aug 30. pic.twitter.com/JQcErTWOMt — Philip Klotzbach (@philklotzbach) August 30, 2017
Here are Days 11-15 added on. Still completely certain this is a fish storm? pic.twitter.com/DsDi1Qfl4E — Ryan Maue (@RyanMaue) August 30, 2017
Update 8:50 a.m.: The National Hurricane Center will begin issuing advisories on Tropical Storm Irma at 11 a.m.
Irma, the ninth named storm of the 2017 hurricane season, is located west of the Cabo Verde Islands and has been organizing steadily this week. The system was previously designated Invest 93L.
“While 93L certainly could form into a powerful and destructive storm as it barrels towards the Americas, it will take about a week for the system to make its trek westward across the Atlantic Ocean,” AccuWeather meteorologist Faith Eherts wrote in a blog this morning. “During this time, plenty of atmospheric factors will come into play to determine its path.”
NHC will be initiating advisories at 11 AM AST on Tropical Storm Irma, located west of the Cabo Verde Islands. — NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) August 30, 2017
Remember at 5-7 days out, models thought #Harvey would go to Central America or Belize. Far too early to say where #Irma will go. 2/2 — Kevin Scharfenberg (@wxkev) August 30, 2017
Update 8 a.m.: Forecasters at the National Hurricane Center are confident a tropical wave west of the Cabo Verde Islands will become an organized system, giving it a 100 percent chance of development this morning.
Early visible satellite images show the area of low pressure, designated Invest 93L, has become more organized and advisories are likely to begin at 11 a.m.
The system is forecast to gradually intensify and move west-northwest to west at about 15 mph over the next several days.
Find everything you need to know about hurricane season on The Post's storm page.
Weather Underground co-founder Jeff Masters said the system is a “potential long range threat” to the Lesser Antilles next week, but it's too early to say if it would be troubled for the U.S. coastline.
While a ridge of high pressure builds to the north of 93L, which would send it to the north-northwest or even on a southwesterly track, forecast models differ on where it goes next.
If the system gains tropical storm strength, it would be named Irma.
Related: Will a hurricane be named after you this season?
The respected European model continues it on a westerly track to be into the Lesser Antilles as early on Tuesday, Masters wrote in hits Category 6 blog. The GFS model shows an area of low pressure turning 93L to the northwest early next week.
“It's too early to stress out about the European model's solution until 93L consolidates into a tropical depression,” Masters said. “Typical errors in a 7-day track forecast are well over 500 miles.”
Sure looks like we will have a new #tropical depression shortly in E. Atlantic. #93L with robust convection, low center per expt'l analysis. pic.twitter.com/ozFdVoUDwl — Jonathan Erdman (@wxjerdman) August 30, 2017
Previous story: The National Hurricane Center has given a tropical wave west of the Cabo Verde Islands a 90 percent chance of development over the next 48 hours as it makes its way through warm waters in the tropical Atlantic.
The disturbance, designated as Invest 93L, showed deepening organization on Tuesday with thunderstorm activity that was increasing.
The respected European model continues it on a westerly track to be into the Lesser Antilles as early on Tuesday, Masters wrote in hits Category 6 blog. The GFS model shows an area of low pressure turning 93L to the northwest early next week.
“It's too early to stress out about the European model's solution until 93L consolidates into a tropical depression,” Masters said. “Typical errors in a 7-day track forecast are well over 500 miles.”
Tropical Storm Harvey made landfall in Louisiana this morning, according to the National Hurricane Center's 5 a.m. update.
The storm, which hit west of Cameron with 45 mph winds, continues to dump flooding rains in southeastern Texas and southwestern Louisiana.
Additional rainfall of 3 to 6 inches is forecast through Friday with “catastrophic and life threatening flooding in and around Houston eastward into southwest Louisiana for the rest of the week,” forecasters wrote this morning.
Latest key messages for Tropical Storm #Harvey at 4 AM CDT: https://t.co/7SHBg9lGxt pic.twitter.com/x7gOHWAjcT — NHC Atlantic Ops (@NHC_Atlantic) August 30, 2017
Last September I travelled back to the 1920s – like the screenwriter in Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris – but in my case to Berlin. The Horseshoe housing estate, named for an arc of apartments surrounding a natural pool, has become a Unesco world heritage site, and the original colours and plantings have been meticulously restored. You can rent a tiny house that looks exactly as it did in 1928, buy croissants at the local bakery and stroll around, greeting the neighbours as though you lived here. The apartments are modest in scale, but they are eagerly sought after, because this is a congenial community and an oasis of greenery in a grey, intimidatingly large metropolis.
I'm lucky enough to live in an even nicer apartment in Los Angeles, one of eight that Richard Neutra – an architect who began their career in Berlin – designed around a landscaped courtyard on a hillside in 1937. Money was tight in the Great Depression, and these apartments were inexpensively built, but the quality of their design drew creative residents, most notably Charles and Ray Eames. I live alone, but my neighbours feel like family.
Horseshoe was designed by two talented architects, Bruno Taut and Martin Wagner, as part of an ambitious, city-funded programme to rehouse the working population. My apartment cluster was built on spec by an architect who needed the rental income. Both are models of their kind that have enriched lives over several generations. Why are there so few others that provide as good a balance of privacy and community, well-planned interiors and leafy views?
Urgent need
Nearly two-thirds of the world's population live in cities, where the price of houses and building plots are soaring. There's an urgent need to build many more apartments – to relieve an acute shortage of housing, use scarce land more productively, save the energy wasted on long commutes and revitalise inner cities. From Sydney to Los Angeles, young people are moving back into urban centres and giving them a fresh jolt of energy. They view suburbia as a backwater, neither city nor countryside, dependent on the car, and increasingly isolated by traffic congestion. Sadly, just as the demand for apartments is growing, the supply and quality are lagging.
We've lost the spirit of idealism that briefly flourished after the two world wars, in Europe and even in the United States in the 1950s. Then, governments, local authorities and non-profit housing associations hired the best talent to design humane, affordable apartment blocks and estates, often on a huge scale. They felt an obligation to repair the ravages of war and rehouse slum dwellers.
In retrospect we can see that they over-reached. Thriving communities were displaced by urban renewal, tower blocks were poorly maintained and became vertical slums, and the exodus to suburbia impoverished city centres. But the best work of those eras has been renewed and updated to become even more desirable – from the 2,800-unit Cité du Lignon in Geneva, to Park Hill in Sheffield, and Le Corbusier's Unité in Marseilles.
Generic blocks
There is little to match those achievements today. Nearly all apartments are shoehorned into generic blocks and towers: faceless, placeless and differing only in the expense of the decorative veneer. Claustrophobic cells, as uniform as those in a cheap hotel, open off double-loaded corridors. Light and air come from one side only, and balconies are usually vestigial. “Luxury”, a word beloved by property owners, has lost all its meaning: upscale condominiums are nearly as uniform and badly proportioned as those mere mortals endure. Europe has followed the lead of the US in shutting down social housing programmes, selling off rent-controlled apartments and foolishly putting its trust in the market. Risk-averse developers, concerned only to make a quick profit, stick with safe formulas – preferably for the affluent.
A few glimmers of creativity relieve the gloom. Social housing, even shelter for the homeless, has challenged conscientious individuals to break out of the box and augment minimal interiors with shared spaces and greenery. Inventive architects have created wonderful living environments at no greater cost than conventional solutions.
There's one across the street from where I live. A group of neighbours persuaded a developer to abandon the eyesore they were planning and hire Lorcan O'Herlihy (the architect son of the actor Dan O'Herlihy) to make better use of a narrow, sloping wedge of land. They split the 31-unit block in the middle and stepped it down to the tip, so that every resident has cross-ventilation and access to three rooftop terraces.
Sense of place
On the other side of the world, Ole Scheeren, a German architect, persuaded a Singapore developer to build to Interlace, where 31 horizontal bars of apartments are stacked at their ends to define landscaped courtyards, and house as many people as a forest of towers. The open spaces break down the massive scale, and give each of the 3,000 residents a sense of place and even intimacy.
Bjarke Ingels, a Danish architect who heads the firm of BIG, made their reputation with 8 House in Copenhagen. Like to Interlace, it's a large-scale complex that is humanised by its two publicly accessible courtyards. It slopes down to give everyone a view of meadows and water, and ramps encircle each courtyard to provide a street in the sky for bikes, prams, service deliveries and children's games. The complex includes studios for singles, townhouses for families and many options in between.
Each of these projects offers a superior living environment. Well-proportioned interiors are infused with natural light, and are well insulated to reduce energy consumption and keep noise at bay. The balance of privacy and sociability turns proximity to advantage. In 8 House and other urban locations, ground-floor retail and restaurants serve residents, stimulate street life and raise apartments above the traffic flow. Plantings provide shade, absorb carbon dioxide and mediate between the interior and the city. Everyone gains from such developments. Why are they so rare?
Michael Webb is an architectural writer whose latest book, Building Community: New Apartment Architecture, will be published by the Thames & Hudson in February
In the wake of the death of Eric Chase Bolling Jr., the son of former Fox News star Eric Bolling, leftists are celebrating the tragedy on Twitter, saying it's “karma” and “justice” for the TV host who lost their job after allegations of sexual harassment.
Bolling Jr., 19, died mysteriously in their bed Saturday in Boulder, Colorado, where they were a student at the University of Colorado. The circumstances surrounding the teen's death remain unclear. TMZ claimed “well-placed FNC sources” said the teen “died from a drug overdose.”
“We're told they were having a hard time dealing with the trouble their dad was having at the network,” TMZ claimed in its report. “Our sources say they were extremely embarrassed by the stories and was 'emotionally upset.'”
While other early reports suggested suicide, Bolling Sr. tweeted Saturday: “Authorities have informed us there is no sign of self harm at this point. Autopsy will be next week. Please respect our grieving period.”
The coroner's office has completed the autopsy, New York Daily News reported Monday, but the cause of death won't be released for six to eight weeks.
Get the hottest, most important news stories on the Internet – delivered FREE to your inbox as soon as they break! Take just 30 seconds and sign up for WND's Email News Alerts!
On Friday, only one day prior to the death of Bolling's only son, Fox News announced it was severing ties with the TV commentator following allegations published by the Huffington Post that they had texted lewd photos to at least three female colleagues several years ago.
“Fox News Channel is canceling ‘The Specialists,' and Eric Bolling and Fox have agreed to part ways amicably,” Fox News said in a statement Friday. “We thank Eric for ten years of service to our loyal viewers and wish them the best of luck.”
After they were suspended Friday, Bolling Sr. tweeted: “I will continue to fight against these false smear attacks!” Bolling is now suing Huffington Post reporter Yashar Ali for $50 million, accusing Ali of “defamation” intended to “injure the plaintiff's reputation through the intentional and/or highly reckless publication of actionable false and misleading statements about the plaintiff's conduct and character.”
When news of Bolling Jr.'s death surfaced, leftists took to Twitter to celebrate the tragic loss, calling it “karma” and “justice” for the alleged actions reported by the Huffington Post.
“I knew [Eric Bolling] was a POS, but it is incredibly rare to see karma deliver such harsh justice. The teen son deserved better,” wrote @Donnie2Scoop, a person whose Twitter bio states, “America will be great again when Trump #MagaClownGod goes to jail or dies.”
“Eric Bolling is an arrogant big mouth who got exactly what they deserved,” tweeted Ken Andrew II.
Another person, tweeting under the handle “Illegitimate Liar,” wrote: “@ericbolling Karma is a damn b—h isn't she? You got exactly what you deserved. And you can bet that more is coming. #MAGA.”
Others unleashed the following hateful tweets on Bolling:
“Karma got you didn't she?” – Julie Shields
“F— them and their worm food son. Black suffering was excusable and entertaining to Mr. Bolling. I feel nothing. #karma” – Mr. Marjani
“Got you chump! #Karma” – Dan Stephens
“Sad news about your son, BUT karma is a hot b—h when they visit. Think about what you've done and the effect it has on others. #repent” – Anthony
“@ericbolling from Fox News recently lost their job and then their son died. Apparently Jesus is sick of their s–t & is telling them to f— off!” – Imam Mahdi Daily
“Karma is a b—h!!! Racism homophobic ect [sic] will come back to get you. First your job, then your son. You should really change your life.” – Samuel Defreese
“#EricBolling should have thought about that when they prioritized strange p—y over their relationship with son. Karma.” – Robert Morrow
“Clearly sins of the father come to visit the son. The man was a d–k pic sending creep. And Karma just hit them twice. Good riddance, lol.” – White Jesus
Still, despite the spiteful tweets, thousands are countering the hate with messages of love, prayer and support for the Bolling family.
Fox is now shaking up its nightly schedule. Late Monday, CNN reported its sources claim radio host Laura Ingraham will take over the 10 p.m. hour. Sean Hannity's show is expected to move to the 9 p.m. hour. “The Five” will move from 9 p.m. back to 5 p.m.
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network.
CLOSE Bengals beat writers Paul Dehner Jr. and Jim Owczarski wrap up the 27-24 overtime win against the Seahawks. (Sam Greene/The Enquirer)
Looking at how Tyler Eifert's big day paved the way for victory, plus, Richard Sherman matching up one-on-one with A.J. Green and sacks racking up for the defensive line.
Cincinnati Bengals tight end Tyler Eifert (85) dives to catch a pass in the fourth quarter during the NFL game between the Seattle Seahawks and the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Oct. 11, 2015, at Paul Brown Stadium in Cincinnati, Ohio. The Bengals defeated the Seahawks 27-24 in overtime. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)
The ball hung up for a long time in the tense Paul Brown Stadium air as Andy Dalton's pass in the direction of Tyler Eifert floated toward the turf. Dalton needed a big play with the Bengals knocking on the door of field-goal range with the clock ticking down at the end of regulation.
The tight end dove beyond safety Kam Chancellor and narrowly corralled the pass before it hit the turf. Four plays later, Mike Nugent kicked a 31-yard field goal to force overtime.
Following an offseason of discussing how much Eifert changes the dynamic of the offense, this play served as an exclamation point of their latest example in Sunday's win.
"You hear a lot about Gronk," defensive end Wallace Gilberry said, referring to New England tight end Rob Gronkowski, "But that kid, he's one of the best tight ends in the business. It's so effortless how they catch these balls and gets these yards."
CLOSE Bengals defensive lineman Wallace Gilberry discusses their team's resolve.
Eifert caught eight passes for 90 yards and two touchdowns.
If it seemed the two touchdown receptions Sunday looked similar, that's because they were.
"We ran the same play twice in the same exact spot and it worked out both times," Eifert said. "It ended up being almost wide open. Those were two good play calls."
The first was a 14-yard touchdown running all alone down the seam when nobody picked them up on the opening drive of the game. The second was slightly more difficult, when cornerback Cary Williams slipped in to cover, but the 6-foot-5 tight end easily reached over top the 6-1 corner.
One of the most underrated plays came when Eifert caught a 12-yard slant to begin the game-winning drive in overtime. Despite being cut off by the corner, they fought around the play and broke a tackle.
Eifert is second to A.J. Green for receptions and yards this season - with 24 for 312 - and is tied with Jeremy Hill for the team lead in touchdowns with five. Only Arizona's Larry Fitzgerald has caught more touchdowns.
"He's like a receiver playing tight end," Dalton said. "He's got unbelievable skills, can go up and make different catches—whether it be over guys or diving. That diving catch that got us down there to be able to kick the field goal at the end of the game was such a big play when we needed it, and that's what makes them so special."
SHERMAN VS GREEN: The standard operating procedure for Richard Sherman over the years has always been to stay on one side of the field no matter what the other receivers are doing. That changed Sunday.
After A.J. Green racked up five receptions for 65 yards in the first 22 minutes — not including what would have been a 72-yard touchdown reception if not for a holding call on Andrew Whitworth. From that point forward, Sherman shadowed Green no matter where they went on the field.
It certainly worked. Green didn't catch another pass until overtime and even saw one intercepted by Earl Thomas.
"There was an opportunity there to help the team and coach asked me do it so that's what I did," Sherman said.
From that point forward, the Bengals' offense went into a lull, going seven drives with either a punt or turnover, before spreading the ball elsewhere in the fourth quarter.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"They ended up putting Sherman on A.J.," Dalton said. "They even had some safety help over there. We had a couple of chances to hit some of these throws down field. We got big pass interference calls on Marvin (Jones). Mo (Sanu) was able to get open, and get loose, and hit a couple big ones to them too. It's one of those things if they're going to take away A.J. there are other guys that are going to be getting open."
SACK MEN: The Bengals notched four sacks on Russell Wilson on Sunday. They've now notched at least four sacks in a game three times this year. They never did it once last season.
Carlos Dunlap came down with 1.5 sacks and leads the team with five in five games. At the conclusion of the second window of games Sunday, he's tied for the NFL lead with Detroit's Ziggy Ansah.
Geno Atkins notched another sack in the fourth quarter, and they are second on the team with four sacks. All but 1.5 sacks on the year have come from the defensive line.
On top of the sacks, the Bengals laid 10 QB hits on Wilson.
"That's huge for Russell Wilson, the guy that can make plays with their arm and their feet," Dunlap said. "If you can contain him, hit him, sack him, that's huge. That's a pretty good day. We had a pretty good day of limiting their strengths and that's why we were able to come out victorious."
Don't forget to visit our map index
Today I bring you this little map for a Dwarven Pub, it's set underground in a Dwarven city like Mithral Hall or Gauntlgrym. The dwarf owner and their wife live here, after a double door that leads to their house and quarters. They use the pub's kitchen and bathrooms too. The pub offers food and good ale. Behind the bar there is a kitchen and a larder to store up on food, ale and spirits. Apart from the owners, one cook and two pub wenches work here. There is usually a troubadour telling stories or reciting rhymes for the patrons.
My mapping ventures are funded through Patreon, It is thanks to people who like my work that I am able to continue mapping and providing RPG original experiences to people all over the world. If you like what I do, consider getting involved and backing me. What you get is impressive hi-def versions of my maps to be used in your RPG games (these have lower resolution), and the satisfaction of helping the rpg community grow bigger and stronger. Help me get funding and enjoy hi resolution version of all my work.
If this option is not the best for you, you can also directly make a donation through PayPal. It helps me fund this project and I will be just as grateful. Thanks a lot !!
[paypal_donation_button]
Did you like this map? There are more where this came from, visit our map index page.
Consider liking our Facebook page.
All the maps in this website are registered under the Creative Commons License Attribution-NonCommercial CC BY-NC. What this means is that anyone can use them, share them or modify them. They cannot be used commercially. And finally, credit must be given to me (Derek Ruiz) as the author, and a link to this web page must be included if it is shared or redistributed.
In the scientific and medical communities, the technical name for using one's finger to extract boogers is rhinotillexis, and doing so compulsively is termed rhinotillexomania. The act of eating the resulting harvest is called mucophagy.
There is an Austrian doctor who has gained notoriety by advocating the picking of one's nose and the consumption of the resulting bounty, particularly in children. Dr. Friedrich Bischinger, a lung specialist working in Innsbruck, would have us believe that people who pick their noses with their fingers are healthier, happier, and more in tune with their bodies. Their argument stems from the notion that exposing the body to the dried germ corpses helps to reinforce the immune system. The good doctor feels that society should adopt a new approach to nose-picking, and encourage children to take up the habit.
Dr. Bischinger has been quoted as saying (in an Austrian accent), “With the finger you can get to places you just can't reach with a handkerchief, keeping your nose far cleaner. And eating the dry remains of what you pull out is a great way of strengthening the body's immune system.” They then added, “Medically it makes great sense and is a perfectly natural thing to do. In terms of the immune system the nose is a filter in which a great deal of bacteria is collected, and when this mixture arrives in the intestines it works just like a medicine.”
“Modern medicine is constantly trying to do the same thing through far more complicated methods, people who pick their nose and eat it get a natural boost to their immune system for free.”
This theoretical boost comes from the fact that boogers are chock full of bacteria which your body has shuttled out by way of mucus. Mucus lines many of the pathways into the body's delicate innards, and creates a surface which is like flypaper for bacteria and other particles. Once stuff becomes mired in the goo, the loaded mucus is slowly escorted out by tiny hairs called cilia which sweep the undesirables back out the door. In regards to the nose, when this exiting mucus becomes dry, boogers are produced.
What our good Dr. Bischinger doesn't tell us is that nose mining can be a dangerous pursuit. If the skin inside the nose is broken while picking away, the veins in that region are situated in such a way that sometimes an infection can migrate inward to the base of the brain and inhibit the blood flow, a serious condition known as cavernous sinus thrombosis. This condition can also be caused by squeezing zits on or around the nose. Because of these risks, the triangular area of the face from the corners of the mouth to the bridge of the nose is referred to in the medical community as the “danger triangle of the face.”
Risks aside, can the immune system really be reinforced by introducing germs into the gut via boogers? While the unpleasant notion may have some scientific merit, it is not based on any formal studies. We won't know for sure until scientists conduct a clinical study where each test subject is given real boogers or placebo boogers for a period of several months, and each group's susceptibility to disease carefully monitored.
Mets GM Sandy Alderson doesn't seem to take themselves too seriously, even though plenty of Mets fans take just about everything they do way too seriously. The longtime baseball exec and former Marine seems to especially revel in making light of the latest talk-radio controversies surrounding the team, a habit they apparently maintain even in jury duty.
The Wall Street Journal relays the story of Alderson's experience performing their civic duty — serving on a jury alongside their wife, oddly enough — and the story contains this fantastic exchange:
Question: What do you do for a living? Alderson: I'm the general manager of the New York Mets. Question: What does your spouse do? Alderson: Actually, my wife's sitting right behind me. Question: What do you do in your free time? Alderson: Well, now I'm looking for a shortstop. The courtroom burst into laughter. (Alderson emphasized that they meant their remark as a joke.)
The Mets were linked in rumor to the Rockies superstar Troy Tulowitzki earlier this offseason, but failed to acquire Tulowitzki or any other shortstop this offseason. They appear likely to entrust a combination of Wilmer Flores, a promising hitter with questionable range, and Ruben Tejada, a steady fielder without much offensive upside.
Presumably Alderson's OK with their options or else they would have done more to improve them, unless, of course, the Tulowitzki trade fell apart while they as out on jury duty. Either way, the whole Wall Street Journal story is worth reading.
Unrelated, but here's a photo of Alderson and their dog, buddy:
As it turns out, Carolina Panthers wide receiver was having a little fun with us when they estimated their sprained knee at "71 percent" Wednesday and "57 percent" after a setback in Thursday's practice.
GMC Never Say Never Moment A stingy
VOTE NOW A stingy Panthers defense led by linebacker Luke Kuechly aided in a huge down-to-the-wire road win over the 49ers in Week 10. Was it the best moment of 2013?
"I just randomly pick numbers," Smith conceded Friday, via NFL Media's Jeff Darlington.
Smith was disappointed that they couldn't cut as well as they wanted to Thursday. They were able to run just five routes in Friday's walkthrough, as trainers held them out because of the rain.
More fun with random numbers: Smith estimates that their knee is at "61 percent" entering the weekend.
Ever the showman, Smith proclaimed that there's an "89 percent" chance they will play in the heavyweight bout with the 49ers. That's the bottom line.
The Panthers officially listed Smith as questionable for Sunday, and coach Ron Rivera added that "my gut is they will play. Until we shut them down with the rain, they were moving around well."
Barring a serious turn for the better, there has to be concern that "89" will serve primarily as a decoy Sunday. Their pedestrian statistics this season belie their importance to the Panthers as an inspirational force and team leader.
Ice up, Son. Ice up.
We previewed all four divisional playoff games in the latest "Around The League Podcast."
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2014 July 12
SN 1006 Supernova Remnant
Image Credit: NASA, ESA, Zolt Levay (STScI)
Explanation: A new star, likely the brightest supernova in recorded human history, lit up planet Earth's sky in the year 1006 AD. The expanding debris cloud from the stellar explosion, found in the southerly constellation of Lupus, still puts on a cosmic light show across the electromagnetic spectrum. In fact, this composite view includes X-ray data in blue from the Chandra Observatory, optical data in yellowish hues, and radio image data in red. Now known as the SN 1006 supernova remnant, the debris cloud appears to be about 60 light-years across and is understood to represent the remains of a white dwarf star. Part of a binary star system, the compact white dwarf gradually captured material from its companion star. The buildup in mass finally triggered a thermonuclear explosion that destroyed the dwarf star. Because the distance to the supernova remnant is about 7,000 light-years, that explosion actually happened 7,000 years before the light reached Earth in 1006. Shockwaves in the remnant accelerate particles to extreme energies and are thought to be a source of the mysterious cosmic rays.
FOXBORO, MA - SEPTEMBER 18: Jimmy Garoppolo #10 of the New England Patriots communicates at the line of scrimmage during the first half against the Miami Dolphins at Gillette Stadium on September 18, 2016 in Foxboro, Massachusetts. (Photo by Maddie Meyer/Getty Images)
Foxborro (CBS HOUSTON) – The Houston Texans might have to prepare for two different quarterbacks for Thursday night in Foxboro, Mass against the New England Patriots. Starting quarterback, until Tom Brady returns from suspension in week five, Jimmy Garoppolo injured their AC joint in their shoulder Sunday against the Miami Dolphins. It appeared that they would miss at least this week's game with the quick turn around, but reports say they might be ready to play.
#Patriots still believe there's a chance Jimmy Garappolo can tolerate pain of AC joint sprain and start vs #Texans — Ed Werder (@Edwerderespn) September 20, 2016
If Garoppolo can't go for the Patriots, rookie Jacoby Brissett would step and get their first NFL start against one of the NFLs best defenses.
The Texans will have to prepare as if either one will start and the chance that Garoppolo can't go. Inactives for the game will come out 90 minutes before kickoff on Thursday.
Reports of Garoppolo's injury have ranged from out six to ten weeks, to starting on Thursday. It seems we won't know until the Patriots have to officially let us know.
SpinGear Yo-Yos
The coolest thing about Akihabara is that it has something for everyone. Even yo-yo nerds like me! SpinGear is a premium yo-yo specialty store that boasts an incredible selection of yo-yos from the classics to the latest and greatest. As such, they're also playing a big part in sponsoring and helping organize the WORLD YO-YO CONTEST this year! Yeah, that's right folks, it's coming to Tokyo. And not Shibuya or Shinjuku. That's right, you guessed it, Akihabara baby! From August 13th through the 17th you can see the best yo-yo players in the world all around Akiba, but especially if you're around Belle Salle, where the contest is being hosted. If you can't make it everyday, try to make it on the 16th for the finals where the best of the best bring it on stage to take home the gold, and the glory. Stay tuned for more info as we're an official media partner of the contest (you may have noticed the new banner on the right)! Ok, back to the store.
Being a yo-yo specialty store, you're probably not surprised at the insane amount of yo-yos packing the shelves. They've assembled a huge variety from classic Duncan yo-yos to the newest models by Yo-Yo Recreation. Not only that, SpinGear also designs their own yo-yos and sells them at a great price.
For those who have been around a while, you'll be impressed with some of the odds and ends around the shop. If you grew up in Japan, you'll immediately recognize their Hyper Yo-Yo display, which contains every single model! You'll also see a display from Sukeban Deka, a show about a young female detective who fights crime with a yo-yo. Yeah, totally badass. What's more badass is that the owner of SpinGear, Taka Hasegawa, was the yo-yo coach for that show! History.
Other Skill Toys
You may have noticed a diabolo, or Chinese yo-yo, in the last section. SpinGear has got yo-yos on lockdown, but they also have a lot of other toys too. Recently kendamas have been having a bit of a boom (I saw an old man rocking one like it was nothing on the train platform the other day) and SpinGear was right there to meet the demand. They carry everything from beginner kendamas, to competition grade, to ones that look like hamburgers. Sweet, delicious hamburgers.
Learn to Play!
What I think is the coolest thing about SpinGear is that everyone who works there is a professional yo-yoer with a lot of experience. Some are even multiple time world champions! And they're very willing to teach anyone! SpinGear has a designated throw-zone where you can try out yo-yos, kendamas, and other toys. The staff can give you the guidance you need to set you on the path to being the next world champion yourself! And don't worry if you don't have a yo-yo yet. They have an extensive yo-yo library where you can try out a huge amount of yo-yos! So what are you waiting for? Hurry over to Akihabara and get ready for a great time!
SpinGear is located in the Akiba Cultures Zone building in the center of the 3rd floor. You'll know you've arrived when you see the impressive display case of yo-yos.
[cft format=0]
After defending Medicare and Medicaid on ABC's "This Week" Sunday, Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.) appeared at a Michigan rally to continue pushing Democrats' defense of Obamacare.
During the #OurFirstStand rally with Minority Leader Chuck Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.), and Michigan Democrats Rep. Debbie Dingell and Sens. Debbie Stabenow Deborah (Debbie) Ann StabenowLand conservation tax incentives should inspire charitable giving, not loopholes Four names emerge for UN position: report Democrats brush off GOP 'trolling' over Green New Deal MORE and Gary Peters, Sanders said the GOP's plan to repeal Obamacare would make millions sicker and cause thousands to die.
Sanders, who has called on President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE to veto any future cuts to the Medicare and Medicaid, defended the programs and asked Trump to tweet that they would keep their campaign promises not to meddle with either.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I want Trump to send out a tweet saying that he's going to keep their campaign promises. He's not going to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid,” Sanders told ABC's “This Week.”
“Right now, today, all across this country there are going to be rallies led by Democrats and others to fight against the devastating impact of repeal of the Affordable Care Act," they said later in the afternoon. "Twenty million people thrown off of health insurance, prescription drug prices raising for seniors, privatization of Medicare: devastation. And we've got to fight back against that."
Democrats have slammed Republicans' quest to repeal the Affordable Care Act (ACA), arguing they have not proposed an alternative to the healthcare legislation. Republicans have discussed various transition periods that would allow those enrolled in Obamacare to keep their health insurance while a replacement plan is implemented, though Trump has said they do not want to delay.
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.), who has said the repeal must be accompanied by a replacement, promised this weekend that a replacement bill for Obamacare is coming.
"Coming this week: THE Obamacare replacement bill. Done drafting the bill & will be discussing on CNN Sunday AM and all week next week!” Paul wrote on Twitter.
Congress voted last week to approve a budget resolution that would begin the process of repealing the healthcare law.
The announcement that Russia might charge such a prominent environmental organization as Greenpeace came on a day in which officials from Russia and several other nations, including those with citizens aboard the Arctic Sunrise, gathered for an annual conference on the Arctic held here in the capital of the Yamal-Nenets autonomous region.
Image Credit The New York Times
The handling of the case cast a shadow on the conference's themes of health and environmental safety in the Arctic in the face of a changing climate that has opened the seas for longer periods each year. Mr. Putin, who has decreed a new strategy to rebuild Russia's economic and military power in the Arctic, was scheduled to address the conference on Wednesday.
Greenpeace International sent the ship to the region in August to draw attention to the potential environmental threats caused by a rush to exploit natural resources in a dangerous and fragile region. The oil platform, not far from the island of Novaya Zemlya, or New Land, is the first offshore oil rig in the Arctic. It was completed last year, built to withstand crushing ice floes, and is expected to begin pumping oil next year, though its development has been hampered by complications and delays.
Mr. Markin said in the statement that the activists aboard the ship had carried out an illegal and dangerous act by trying to scale the platform, threatening not only those involved in the offshore confrontation but also the environment that the organization is devoted to protecting.
Maria Favorskaya, a representative for Greenpeace Russia currently in Murmansk, said some of the activists were taken from the Arctic Sunrise to the local office of the Investigative Committee on Tuesday evening. Defense lawyers had gathered there waiting for demonstrators to be delivered from the ship, they said, and expected they would be questioned the same evening.
Kumi Naidoo, the executive director of Greenpeace International, dismissed the charge of piracy, saying that “peaceful activism” is crucial to raise awareness about the impacts of climate change in the Arctic and elsewhere.
“Any charge of piracy against peaceful protests has no merit in international law,” Mr. Naidoo said in a statement. “We will not be intimidated or silenced by these absurd accusations and demand the immediate release of our activists.”
Greenpeace's protests have often run afoul of the authorities around the world. In 2006, the British briefly seized a ship, as did the Soviet Union in 1989 and Russia in 1992, after Greenpeace staged protests over the nuclear testing grounds on Novaya Zemlya, according to the organization. The seizure of the Arctic Sunrise appeared to be the most serious crisis since the sinking of the Rainbow Warrior off New Zealand in 1985.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) talked about the threat that Trump poses and vowed to fight to their death to save US democracy from Trump.
Video:
Rep. Cummings said, “This is a fight for the soul of our democracy. Nothing less. I'm going to work hard to make sure we save that democracy and I will fight until I die.”
They continued, “We have seen over and over again how the very pillars of democracy are being cut down. Peoples's right to vote. You know that. Freedom of the press. You know that. CIA. FBI criticized. Over and over and over again.”
Democrats aren't backing down from the threat that Trump poses. They aren't shrugging their shoulders and saying that's the way it is. Democrats are fighting this president's assault on democracy at every turn, and that attitude will serve them well if they will back all or part of Congress in 2018. Trump intends to dismantle and discredit democratic institutions. The President is not being normalized. Instead, Democrats are gearing up for a battle that could carry them through to victory in 2018.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
It is time to use the force, the force of Star Wars propaganda! There's been a lot of water under the bridge since the debut of the very first episode of the cosmic world saga called the Star Wars. Today Star Wars have become a religion that can easily conquer with the major worldwide religions by the number of its adherents. We would like to show you a collection of truly inspiring and beautiful propaganda posters devoted to the Star Wars episodes. As we can see the legendary saga is a great background for creating unique and original artworks that we've featured below. So, let's enjoy these wonderful posters and May the Force be with You!
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Source
* * *
Representational Image
The car of former AAP legislator from Rohini, Rajesh Garg, today drowned in a pit while they were leading a protest to fill it in Suraj Park area of the constituency.According to Garg, who is also the Chairman of District Development Committee of north-west Delhi, the incident took place when they joined a few locals who were demanding to fill in the 15-feet deep swamp as it had "already claimed two lives"."Two kids had already died falling into the pit. While we were protesting, the driver had wrongly parked the vehicle. It somehow got carried into the swamp because of the slope and before we could rescue the car, it drowned."The fire brigade and the police are trying to remove the car, but it has been completely damaged," Garg said. He, however, ruled out any foul play in the incident.
Tiki Culture: In History and On Trend Today
Retro Staff |
Tiki Pop is a cultural movement that evolved in the U.S. and was based on western interpretations of the Maori and Polynesian cultures. The roots of the movement were first planted in the late 18th century when navigators in their attempts to explore the globe, discovered exotic tropical islands and encountered the Polynesian, and in particular, Maori cultures. The explorers returned to Europe and told stories about the people and lifestyles in these strange new lands. The fondness for all things Polynesian eventually grew to a Tiki craze by the mid-20th century, and reached a crescendo in the 1950s and early 1960s. There is a Tiki revival currently underway, but before we get to that, a little history on how it all started.
Inspired by the tales of these explorers, authors wrote adventure stories set in the South Sea islands and on the waters of the South Pacific. Readers of these stories developed romanticized notions about the tropical locales and the concept of an idealized native lifestyle emerged in westerners' minds. Proper, buttoned-up society found a life without responsibility and with a fair share of hedonism very appealing. Symbols of Polynesian culture like sacred carvings known as the ki'i (eventually becoming known as tiki statues), were claimed as souvenirs by explorers who brought them back to Europe and the U.S. to be put in private collections.
Since ancient times, traditional ki'i were images carved from trees designated as sacred by a Polynesian tribe's spiritual leader, or Kahuna. It was believed if the god represented in the carving was pleased with the likeness, they would inhabit the statue, which was then put in a special place in a home or on a village building. Just such a Maori sculpture was put on display in 1894 at the California International Midwinter Exposition in San Francisco. After the Exposition, the entire Maori collection was purchased and put on permanent display by de Young Museum of San Francisco. Just four years later, the Hawaiian Islands became a U.S. territory and tourism to the main island of Waikiki grew enough that in 1901, the Moana Hotel opened on Waikiki Beach. Polynesian culture was well on its way to making a lasting impression on the American culture.
Travel by ship and later by plane became increasingly possible for many, and vacations in the South Seas became de rigueur for affluent Americans. Hawaiian music already made a strong influence on American culture, when in 1915, roughly 17 million people attended the Panama Exposition in San Fransisco to commemorate the completion of the Panama Canal. Visitors to the exposition heard songs by the Royal Hawaiian Quartette, including “On the Beach at Waikiki”. The following year, Hawaiian music records were outselling nearly all other music at the time, as reported in Edison Records' monthly newsletter. Following World War I and after the end of Prohibition in 1933, more and more tropically themed bars and lounges opened in the U.S.
In 1934 a tropical bar opened that set the standard for all subsequent Polynesian style bars. Now a Tiki Bar legend, it was Ernest Raymond Beaumont-Gantt, world traveller, former bootlegger and friend to many Hollywood elites that sought to bring traditional Polynesian mystique to the U.S. Having recently returned from the South Pacific, they were looking for a new business venture. Based on their love for the tropics and in order to capitalize on the current craze in the U.S. for anything tropical and exotic, they opened a Polynesian style bar and lounge in Los Angeles and named it Donn's Beachcomber Café. The establishment proved a success and they changed their name to Donn Beach.
Customers at what became known as the Beachcomber, were served new cocktails created by Beach himself. They were rum drinks mixed with fruit juices given exotic names like their famous Zombie, which is made from no less than five different rums. Beach claimed to have created the first Mai Tai and was credited with inventing many other tropical drinks as well. In 1937 Beach relocated their restaurant to a more desirable location across the street. They brought in a Cantonese cook and started serving Chinese food served with tropical flair. (Not that Chinese food had anything to do with Polynesian culture, but the combination of fruity tropical cocktails and pupu platters has proven a successful pairing to the present day.)
Donn Beach was determined to give their customers a “real” tropical experience, with food, drink, music and decor. They even had a system installed to spray water on the tin roof of the restaurant to simulate tropical rains. Beach's customers, including Hollywood elite like Joan Crawford, Marlene Dietrich and David Niven began swarming to the Beachcomber for drinks and food. It was trendy yet classy and Beach was both accommodating and discreet when it came to their celebrity clientele.
Beach's eating and drinking establishment was so successful that in 1937 a competitor named Vic Bergeron opened their own Polynesian restaurant and lounge called Trader Vic's. So began the famous competition between the two restauranteurs, including Vic Bergeron's claim that they were actually the creator of the Mai Tai.
Now back to the Maori sculpture from the Midwinter Exposition of 1894 (or how “Tiki” became the name of the Polynesian Pop movement in the U.S.).
When Trader Vic's opened a new location in Beverly Hills in 1955, they fashioned a wooden likeness of the Maori sculpture from the 1894 California International Midwinter Exposition to stand outside their new bar and lounge. The original Maori sculpture had been a gable post made in the image of a Maori god named “Tiki”. It once stood guard outside a meetinghouse in a Maori village. The newly created version for Trader Vic's became known as a “tiki statue”. This westernized tiki stood outside a different type of meetinghouse—a Polynesian style restaurant that served rum drinks with little paper umbrellas in them.
Trader Vic's continued to use a similar image of the Tiki god on their menus and other printed pieces throughout the years. This particular image was instrumental in merging “Polynesian” with “Tiki” in the minds of Westerners. Not only did the very successful Trader Vic's use it, but many other restaurants used similar versions of this image on their printed materials, in addition to recreating it as torch-holding wooden statuary at restaurant entrances. And what began as a single stylish Hollywood bar and lounge, had evolved into many chains of Polynesian restaurants that spread from California and eventually throughout of the United States. It's important to note that in the 30s, 40s and 50s there was nothing kitschy about Polynesian restaurants. Most U.S. towns by the mid-century had several tiki style lounges. These were upscale establishments that required proper dress attire to enter.
Tiki Pop culture flourished when Hawaii was annexed to the United States as the the 50th state on August 21, 1959. Hawaii and Polynesia were already firmly embedded in Americans' minds as locations for leisure and symbolized a break from a society that was built on conformity and discipline. Rather than just being confined to bars, restaurants and bowling alleys, the Tiki culture in America manifested as a style of decor in fashionable homes, including the preference for “Primitive art” in elegant interiors, including residences and office buildings. The Tiki Pop influence became apparent in its use in the decor of bowling alleys, apartment buildings and motels. A design movement known as Tiki Modern was very fashionable in the 1960s. As a combination of Polynesian themes executed with clean, modern lines, it blended well with the atomic age design aesthetic that was so popular at the time.
The Tiki craze came to its climax in the mid-1960s and by the time of the Vietnam War, came crashing to an end. What was once considered stylish and trendy was now considered tacky and passé by a younger crowd that rejected the values and tastes of their parents' generation. Tiki bars began to close in droves and the popularity of things Tiki waned into the late-1970s.
Many may perceive the Tiki style as mid-century kitsch. Strangely, the children of the generation that spurned mid-century Tiki style are embracing this exciting style as a cultural tribute once again. New bars are being built, not only across the U.S., but in Europe as well. There is a very popular tiki restaurant and cocktail bar called Kanaloa in London, and in Berlin Germany there is the Palm Beach—with 5 locations in the city. In September of 2014, there was an exhibit at the Musée du quay Branly in Paris, France called “Tiki Pop” in celebration of a new book by Tiki expert Sven Kirsten which features museum collections as a retrospection of the Maori culture and a look at the modern Tiki craze that its discovery led to throughout the western world. There is even an authentic looking Tiki bar setting as part of the exhibit.
There are still structures (both commercial businesses, apartments and and private residences) from the early 1960s that have survived to today. Many of these are excellent examples of tiki architecture at its best—soaring entryway gables and imitation thatched roofs. Many examples can be seen in southern California, where the warmer climate is fitting for Polynesian style and where the taste for Tiki never waned. Although many believe that Tiki had been all but forgotten for a few decades, it never lost its popularity in San Diego. And in pop culture, television shows like “Magnum P.I.” (1980–1988) and “SpongeBob SquarePants” (1999 to the present), and destinations like Walt Disney's Enchanted Tiki Room at both the Anaheim and Orlando park locations, have kept the Polynesian adventure theme in the forefront of our minds.
It's probably not a coincidence that the original Tiki movement started by Donn Beach occurred during the Great Depression, and that the more recent Tiki Revival began during the economic downturn of 2008–2009, referred by some as the Great Recession. Reality can sometimes become difficult to face, creating a need for escapism in a fantasy world like the one a Tiki bar provides. It's nice to relax and enjoy friends and food with good drinks, music and tropical ambience, even if only for a little while.
In San Francisco, beginning in 2000 and running for nine consecutive years, there was an annual Tiki Bar Crawl that had stops in legendary tiki establishments such as Trader Vic's, the Tonga Room and Forbidden Island. Also in San Francisco, a group of self-professed “tikiphiles” have been holding annual home tiki bar crawls since 2008, with an average of 50 private homeowners participating each year. New tiki bars are being opened as well—like Frankie's Tiki Room in Las Vegas, in 2008. It now appears on several of the Best Tiki Bars lists. The Hale Pele in Portland, Oregon opened in 2012 and has been “named one of the best rum-centric bars in America” (Eat Magazine, November 2012).
Many original Tiki establishments have maintained a loyal following since they first opened, like the Bali Hai in San Diego, California (opened in 1955), Kowloon in Saugus, Massachusetts (opened in 1950), the Mai-Kai Restaurant in Fort Lauderdale, Florida (opened in 1956) and the oldest surviving tiki bar in America—the Tonga Room that was opened in the Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco, California in 1945. Classics like the original tiki bars are now travel destinations for many adventurous folks. These pilgrimage style trips offer an authentic Tiki experience firsthand and allow travelers to become part of Tiki history.
Become the next generation to celebrate the Polynesian lifestyle, which includes exciting new tiki carving artists, architectural designers and musicians. Venture on a Tiki trek for your next vacation, or add a tiki bar retreat in your own home. Host a luau. All it takes are some tropical style drinks, some Hawaiian music and a few pupu platters. And don't forget the awesome Hawaiian shirts.
Of course Retro Planet offers a great selection of Tiki items, so be sure the check them out!
Initial reports said a small group of three or four gunmen burst into government buildings, opening fire with automatic weapons.
Unnamed law enforcement sources told Russian news agencies that two of the militants had blown themselves up, killing four security guards.
Russian police sources later told the Associated Press that all the militants had been killed, along with two others.
The incident occurred as Rashid Nurgaliyev, the Russian interior minister, was visiting the Chechen capital though they were reported to be nowhere near the scene at the time of the attack.
Russian news agencies reported that automatic weapons fire could still be heard inside the parliament complex late on Tuesday morning and that Ramzan Kadyrov , the Kremlin-backed head of Chechnya, was personally leading the operation to “neutralise” the militants.
The brazen attack will undermine the Kremlin's oft-repeated claim that stability has been brought to Chechnya thanks to Mr Kadyrov who is a human rights groups accuse of heading a brutal local regime that has only served to inflame Islamist extremism.
Though lone suicide bombers have sometimes struck Grozny in recent years they have not been able to mount organised attacks such as this and Mr Kadyrov has repeatedly claimed that they are a defeated force on their last legs.
Russia has fought two wars in Chechnya since the collapse of the Soviet Union to crush separatist rebels who later became into Islamist extremists. But it has now scaled back much of its forces and left governing the republic to loyalist Chechens such as Mr Kadyrov.
The militants say their aim is to establish an Islamic caliphate across the entire North Caucasus region of southern Russia. There have been signs that they have been getting more radical and in March two female suicide bombers from neighbouring Dagestan blew themselves up on the Moscow metro, killing forty people.
Threshold for bariatric operations could be lowered to help with soaring number of cases of type 2 diabetes
More than 800,000 additional people could be considered for gastric bands or other surgery to restrict their eating under fresh NHS draft guidelines.
The guidance from Nice, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, aims to help the increasing numbers of people with type 2 diabetes. About 10% of the NHS budget is spent on dealing with diabetes, with type 2 – sometimes genetic but usually linked to a person being overweight – the chief cause.
Nice is proposing lowering the threshold for considering bariatric (stomach-reducing) surgery for people with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes to a BMI of 30, which is the point at which overweight begins to be classified as obesity. Until now, it has said that people with type 2 diabetes could be considered for a gastric band at a BMI of 35.
If the change in guidance is confirmed, it would mean a huge rise in the numbers who could be referred for assessment and possibly surgery if their doctors think it appropriate. There has been a substantial increase in the numbers of people receiving stomach-reducing surgery over the past five or six years to about 8,000 in 2012-13, according to the health and social care information centre's latest report this year.
But experts calculate that the new guidance could mean that more than 800,000 people in England and Wales could be eligible if their doctors think they are suitable.
Nice says the change would be highly cost effective. "More than half of people who undergo surgery have more control over their diabetes following surgery and are less likely to have diabetes-related illness. In some cases, surgery can even reverse the diagnosis," said Professor Mark Baker, director of Nice's Centre for Clinical Practice.
But Diabetes UK still believes that surgery should be a last resort. "Although studies have shown that bariatric surgery can help with weight loss and have a positive effect on blood glucose levels, it must be remembered that any surgery carries serious risks. Bariatric surgery should only be considered as a last resort if serious attempts to lose weight have been unsuccessful and if the person is obese," said Simon O'Neill, director of health intelligence and professional liaison.
"Bariatric surgery can lead to dramatic weight loss, which in turn may result in a reduction in people taking their type 2 diabetes medication and even in some people needing no medication at all.
"This does not mean, however, that type 2 diabetes has been cured. These people will still need to eat a healthy balanced diet and be physically active to manage their diabetes."
Diabetes UK is currently supporting a trial of a very low-calorie diet for people with type 2 diabetes, followed by long-term weight management. "If a very low-calorie diet can be used within routine GP care to bring about and maintain weight loss and type 2 diabetes remission, it could ultimately be of enormous benefit to millions of people living with the condition," said O'Neill.
"But the full results will not be available until 2018. Until we have the evidence that this approach is more effective than the current best-available treatment, we do not recommend that people with type 2 diabetes attempt to lose weight this way."
Nice's guidance also recommends that these very low-calorie diets, where people eat fewer than 800 calories a day, should not be routinely used and recommended only for people who urgently need to lose weight – for instance, before joint replacement surgery.
If the stomach surgery guidelines are confirmed, there will be pressure on hospitals. There are already long waits to join the assessment clinics where psychologists and others help patients to understand the consequences of bariatric surgery, which involves permanent change to the sorts of foods as well as the quantities people can eat.
Manager Harry Redknapp has admitted that Benoit Assou-Ekotto has flattered to deceive since arriving at QPR.
The former Tottenham boss signed Assou-Ekotto on a season-long loan from the north London club in the summer along with Niko Kranjcar, who joined from Dynamo Kiev and previously also played under Redknapp at Spurs.
Both players have failed to consistently produce their best form and Assou-Ekotto, who was sent off in the recent defeat at Leicester, has turned in a number of indifferent displays during the second half of the season.
“He's been up and down. I don't think he's found the level they had at Tottenham,” said Redknapp.
“I was watching a bit of the 2010 season on Sky, it just happened to come on.
“It was Benoit playing for Tottenham, going down the left and crossing balls – they crossed one and funny enough Niko scored.
“For me they were in the best three left-backs in the Premier League when they were at Tottenham. I don't think he's quite reached the heights, but let's hope that in the play-offs he'll be a big player for us.
“I think he's found the change between the Premier League and Championship difficult.”
Assou-Ekotto, 30, is available again after serving a ban but Redknapp has other options at left-back in Clint Hill, Armand Traore and Yun Suk-Young.
See also: Assou-Ekotto could face an FA ban
Assou-Ekotto should not be banned - boss
Assou-Ekotto sent off as Rangers lose again
QPR v Millwall player ratings
Follow West London Sport on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Image caption The living wage would generate an extra £3.6bn in extra taxes and lower benefit payments
Widespread use of a so-called living wage could save the government £2bn a year, according to two think tanks.
The saving has been calculated by the Resolution Foundation and the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR).
They say paying staff at least £7.45 per hour outside London, and £8.55 within the capital, would boost the nationwide income by £6.5bn a year.
But the government would collect more income tax and pay out less in benefits and tax credits.
Matthew Pennycook, of the Resolution Foundation, said: "There are significant overall public savings to be made from paying a living wage, on top of the beneficial effects it would have on reducing working poverty."
"Public-sector employers are well-placed to expand the living wage and to set an example which the private sector can follow."
The idea of a living wage is separate from that of the legally-enforced minimum wage.
This has been in existence since 1999, is set annually by the Low Pay Commission, and currently stands at £6.19 an hour for workers aged 21 and over.
Campaigners have been trying to persuade employers to pay a higher living wage since 2005, when it was first adopted by the Great London Authority (GLA).
So far, only about 140 other employers have done so.
The two think tanks suggest that about £3.6bn of the extra money paid out in higher wages under a universal living wage would go straight to the government, in the form of extra income tax and national insurance payments, along with reduced spending on benefits and tax credits for the lowest paid.
As some of those workers would be in the public sector, their wages would cost the government an extra £1.3bn. But that would still leave the Treasury with an extra net income of £2bn a year.
The researchers say that about five million people are paid less than the suggested living wage and that three million households contain at least one adult who is paid below this level.
They say that only 45,000 workers have seen their pay upgraded as a result of campaigns on the issue.
Large Solar Thermal Electric Plant In Spain
The largest solar thermal plant in the world is now operational in Spain. (thanks "Fat Man" for the heads-up)
The saltsa mixture of sodium and potassium nitrate, otherwise used as fertilizersallow enough of the sun's heat to be stored that the power plant can pump out electricity for nearly eight hours after the sun starts to set. "It's enough for 7.5 hours to produce energy with full capacity of 50 megawatts," says Sven Moormann, a spokesperson for Solar Millennium, AG, the German solar company that developed the Andasol plant. "The hours of production are nearly double [those of a solar-thermal] power plant without storage and we have the possibility to plan our electricity production."
7.5 hours is long enough to provide peak electric power during the peak late afternoon and evening hours of a very hot summer day. The article says this is the first heat storage facility for a concentrated solar facility on this scale. So we need to wait and see how well it works in practice. The $380 million cost for a 50 MW facility sounds pretty pricey to me, especially since this isn't 50 MW of 24x7 power.
Maybe someone else can make better sense of this SciAm article than I can. They quote only a doubling in electricity cost for electricity from this method as compared to coal. How can solar thermal (i.e. concentrated solar) cost twice as much as coal regardless of whether molten salt storage is used?
All told, that means thermal energy storage at Andasol 1 or power plants like it costs roughly $50 per kilowatt-hour to install, according to NREL's Glatzmaier. But it doesn't add much to the cost of the resulting electricity because it allows the turbines to be generating for longer periods and those costs can be spread out over more hours of electricity production. Electricity from a solar-thermal power plant costs roughly 13 cents a kilowatt-hour, according to Glatzmaier, both with and without molten salt storage systems.
Coal electric with no conventional pollutant emissions would cost more. Add in the cost of carbon capture and then nuclear power becomes cheaper than coal. Concentrating solar isn't going to compete with coal all that much. Nuclear, geothermal, and (with limits) wind are the real competitors to coal because coal is a base load source of electric power. Solar isn't for base load.
That price is still nearly twice as much as electricity from a coal-fired power plantthe current cheapest generation option if environmental costs are not taken into account. But Arizona's APS and others can then use solar energy to meet the maximum electricity demand later in the day. "Our peak demand [for electricity] is later in the evening, once solar production is trailing off," Lockwood says. That's "the reason we went that direction and are so interested in storage technology."
This is the big reason why concentrating solar might have a big future regardless of what happens with photovoltaic prices. The heat generated by concentrating the light is a lot easier to store than electricity. Concentrating solar with salt storage can stretch across the peak demand hours - at least in the US where summer is peak demand time. In Britain peak electric demand is in winter when not a lot of sun shines. So solar power does not work well in Britain.
The costs for this project seem high when total kwh per year are considered.
The 50MWe AndaSol plant is located in the community of Aldeire in the Marquesado valley in the Province of Granada, Southern Spain. Thanks to the high altitude (1,100 m) and the desert climate, the Marquesado Valley offers exceptionally high annual direct insolation of 2,200 kWh/m²yr. The 549360m² parabolic trough solar field is built-up by 1,008 EUROTrough collectors, arranged in 168 parallel loops. It will occupy app. 200 hectares of land. It will generate live steam of 100 bar/371°C to to reheat steam turbine with a cycle efficiency of 38%, gross. With an annual direct normal radiation of 2,200 kWh/m² per year, the AndaSol plant will generate almost 182 million kWh per year of clean solar electricity in 100% solar operation. The plant will be built, owned and operated by the specific project company, Partner 1. Partner 1 will sell as renewable independent power producer the generated solar electricity to the utility under the standard renewable power purchase terms regulated by the Spanish Royal Decree 2818/98. Using solar beam radiation as its primary energy, the solar plant will avoid approximately 172,000 tons of CO2 annually in Southern Spain otherwise being emitted by coal and heavy fuel oil operated power plants in the region.
In a market that 182 million kwh might sell for, say, 10 cents per kwh. It would probably sell for less in the US where the average retail cost of electricity is about 11 cents per kwh. But let us assume a higher price in Europe. Okay, that would still only amount to $18.2 million per year. Seems like a small return on a few hundred million dollar investment plus operating costs and maintenance costs. But if this electricity is sold during peak hours maybe it sells for more than 10 cents per kwh? Does a political deal assure a higher price? If so, how much higher?
Let us consider the avoided CO2 emissions. If the 172,000 tons of avoided emissions were taxed at $30 per ton (which is one figure I've heard proposed for how many carbon emissions should be taxed) then the amount of avoided carbon taxes would be only $5.2 million per year. That doesn't improve profitability very much.
I am curious to know more about the real costs for concentrated solar plus molten salt storage. Anyone has better sources of information on this topic?
Bitcoin just can't catch a break. Last Friday, the virtual currency community's hopes were dashed when the Securities and Exchange Commission denied an application to approve a bitcoin investment fund. Bitcoin quickly recovered its value, but just a week later, it looks like another potential disaster is on the horizon.
After two years of debate and acrimony, bitcoin might finally be about to implement a code change that would split the currency in two, with meaningful investments on both sides. This possibility has been a nightmare for many who support the status quo, and on Friday a group of major bitcoin exchanges—which in many ways make up the foundation of bitcoin's economy, since that's where coins are bought and sold—released their contingency plan.
An open letter signed by 18 bitcoin exchanges including some large players lays it out: If bitcoin is split into two, these exchanges will trade both versions as separate currencies. But there's a catch. The exchanges state that they'll only support the newer version if it can safely avoid issues that have plagued splits in other virtual currencies.
"While a contentious forking event may be inevitable, and may ultimately provide a path forward for on-chain capacity increases, we have an obligation to our customers to provide a clear and consistent plan to minimize potential confusion surrounding such an event," the open letter states.
Read More: Bitcoin's Very Important Day Has Turned Into a Shitshow
The issue at hand is increasing the capacity, and size, of the "blocks" of bitcoin transactions that get uploaded to the blockchain. Right now, these blocks are almost uniformly full of transaction information, limiting the number of transactions that can go through the bitcoin network in a reasonable amount of time. For people who want bigger blocks, the argument is that if bitcoin is ever going to be used by people around the world instead of just a niche community of enthusiasts, it needs to be fast.
Enter Bitcoin Unlimited, a version of the standard Bitcoin Core client that allows miners—the people who create the blocks—to signal to other miners if they're willing to accept bigger blocks. If enough miners agree that they will process larger blocks for long enough, then Bitcoin Unlimited forks off from the main bitcoin chain, effectively becoming its own currency with its own rules. Interest in Bitcoin Unlimited has skyrocketed in recent weeks, leading the exchanges to plan for what will happen next.
One large risk of a split like this is what's known as a "replay" bug. When bitcoin alternative Ethereum split into two versions through a software fork, this bug wreaked havoc by duplicating transactions from one chain onto the other. To offer Bitcoin Unlimited on their platforms, the exchanges wrote, its developers need to protect against this.
"Failure to do so will impede our ability to preserve [Unlimited] for customers and will either delay or outright preclude the listing of [Unlimited]," the open letter states.
It's unclear what, exactly, will transpire in the coming days and weeks. But at this pivotal time in bitcoin's history, nobody wants to take any chances.
Subscribe to pluspluspodcast , Motherboard's new show about the people and machines that are building our future.
Alana Savell was arrested after shooting at their house guests who were "getting too loud," deputies say.
PANAMA CITY, Fla. - A Florida woman was arrested Monday after they opened fire on their house guests, whom they believed had overstayed their welcome, deputies said.
Alana Savell, 32, was booked into a panhandle jail on a charge of aggravated battery with a firearm.
According to a news release from the Bay County Sheriff's Office, Savell pulled out a .22 caliber handgun and started shooting at a woman and a man who were visiting.
Savell told deputies that the woman and their friend had come over to hang out, began drinking and were "getting too loud." Savell said they didn't want them in their house anymore, so they started shooting at their feet.
Investigators said Savell's boyfriend told them they have instructed them that "once someone is told to leave their property three times, they are to go get the gun and shoot it at the ground. If that does not work, they are to shoot people in the leg."
The woman was taken to a Panama City-area hospital to be treated for a gunshot wound.
Police said Savell's boyfriend was also shot in the leg.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A leaked document from an internal NSA newsletter published Wednesday offers a look at how the spy agency is able to tell the president of the United States what a foreign government is going to do ahead of time.
The document — which was leaked by Edward Snowden and published by The Intercept — details a number of examples in which signals intelligence has been used to notify the White House of significant events. Though the newsletter was dated February 2004, it's likely that the NSA has done similar work under President Barack Obama.
According to the newsletter, these were some of the NSA's most “profound contributions” to the Bush administration:
The NSA offered intel to the White House a few days before the president was to give a speech to a foreign audience. The speech was changed as a result.
The NSA alerted a national security council official that a foreign representative was planning to call them later that afternoon, and also knew the subject matter of the call. The official used that intel to prepare.
The president's national security adviser used intel gleaned from the NSA to prepare for a visiting head of state.
It's an interesting look at how the sausage gets made when it comes to the intersection of intelligence and foreign policy. Though the newsletter doesn't offer specifics on how it may have learned about incoming phone calls or interesting tidbits on foreign dignitaries, we know through the Snowden leaks that the agency is pretty good at tapping phones of foreign leaders and intercepting communications at international summits, for example.
Both of those specific agency exploits came under heavy criticism after embarrassing details were leaked in Snowden documents. Obama reportedly apologised to some after the revelations, such as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, while others were slowly wooed back to theirs side.
The White House, at least in 2004, was happy with what the NSA was giving them. The newsletter mentions one ambassador telling colleagues who were planning to visit NSA headquarters in 2003, “Tell NSA that we love them!”
Though intelligence for the president's daily brief comes from many different agencies, a significant portion has come from the NSA, especially its Prism program — a top secret program that tapped into the databases of a large portion of American technology companies.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Screenshots of a private online conversation among a group of North Carolina State University students that used the n-word and criticized Black Lives Matter were posted to social media, prompting the campus to erupt in controversy and calls for the students involved in the conversation to be punished.
The issue took center stage at a recent campus Racial Climate Town Hall, during which students also called for more initiatives to address what they contend is latent racism on campus.
Brayndon Stafford, the university's student body vice president, told The College Fix that students want more administrative intervention, such as “cultural competency training” and diversity programming, as a result of the incident.
What's more, “students demanded that some form of disciplinary action be taken against the students involved in the group chat, often equating the comments made in the group chats with hate speech,” The Technician campus newspaper reports, adding that “many students disagreed with the administrative decision to not punish the authors of the messages.”
Chancellor Randy Woodson said they could not do that, noting “I understand the implications of not holding people accountable for comments that are clearly racist, clearly bigoted and clearly derogatory and hurtful. …. The bottom line is it didn't rise to a level of a code of conduct issue, and people disagree with that, but that is the legal standing of the current interpretation of all of our federal and state.”
MORE: Frat suspended for vulgar texts sent privately between members
MORE: Prof says punishment of students for racial Yik Yak posts ‘illegitimate'
The text messages took place between a few members of two GroupMe groups shared among students: Sullivan squad, referring to a dorm on campus, and NCSU2020 Enginerds.
They included the statements “BLM is practically a terrorist organization, promoting killing cops, looting stores, and burning down buildings” and “I'm not ready for my campus to be set on fire.” Some expressed that they did not want to walk through a Black Lives Matter protest on campus. Two students in particular used the n-word and other variations of it.
The messages were screenshotted and posted on social media by a black student in the groups. The two students who used the n-word have apologized, saying in part that “we know what we said is very offensive and hurtful to the African-American community … we hope to someday have the chance for forgiveness.” But some peers have claimed the apologies are hollow. Some have even called for their expulsion.
While the Racial Climate Town Hall had been organized prior to the release of the text messages, the controversy overtook the event.
MORE: Campuses ‘symbolically' ban Yik Yak as battle over app rages
MORE: Student summoned for ‘required Administrative Meeting' over Facebook posts
Grad student Jessica Peacock said in an interview with The College Fix the text messages were “the elephant in the room” as administrators gave opening remarks.
As soon as administrators finished speaking, several students took the microphone to call on administrators to punish the texts' authors and create more programming to support students of color and other diverse groups.
Peacock, dismayed with the current level of diversity programming, said they wished that the administration “forced the students to have more conversations” about race. They also said that students “should participate in diversity and inclusion training to understand the impact of their words.”
Despite the calls for increased diversity programming, NC State already has both an Office of Multicultural Affairs and African American Cultural Center, as well as robust extracurricular programming for students of color and other diversity groups. The university also already requires students take a course in “U.S. Diversity.”
MORE: Student Expelled For Facebook Posts Loses First Amendment Case Against College
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: Dedi Grigoroiu / Shutterstock.com
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
The Greek company Attiko Metro S.A after completing all required tests and certifications, has delivered seventeen new trains to Greece's Urban Rail Transport S.A. (STASY S.A.), which will be soon put into service in the Metro network.
These seventeen new Metro trains are going to serve the Metro network, especially the new lines covering the areas of Elliniko, Anthoupoli and Agia Marina, as well as the future Metro extension to Piraeus, Greece.
According to a press release by the Attiko Metro S.A, particular emphasis was placed on the energy performance of the new trains, while the criterion was the minimization of energy consumption. The 3rd generation trains of the Athens Metro will be exceptionally friendly to the environment. Moreover, the A/C system as well as other necessary technical features have been incorporated in the new trains, rendering them capable to become compatible with the future technological improvement as foreseen to be implemented in the Athens Metro Lines 2 and 3.
In pursuing its construction activities, Attiko Metro is currently developing the Metro Line 3 extension to Piraeus, consisting of 7.6 km of tunnel and six stations, as well as the Tramway extension from Peace and Friendship Stadium (SEF) to the center of Piraeus, consisting of 5.4km of single track and twelve stops.
You are here: Home News / Voters Do Lie to Pollsters About Race–That's Black as Well as White Voters…
Voters Do Lie to Pollsters About Race–That's Black as Well as White Voters…
(Akiit.com) Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama outwardly seems little worried that the polls could get it wrong on white attitudes toward their candidacy. But the possibility that many whites could flat out lie to pollsters when they say that they have no problem voting for an African-American presidential candidate has gnawed at Democrats and those on Team Obama from the moment that they tossed their hat in the presidential ring.
A major study by university researchers called Project Implicit measured hidden biases on everything from weight, age and religion too gender and race. They found deep and pervasive hidden bias on nearly every one of the tests among wide segments of the public. That included race and voting. The survey found that Obamaâ€™s Republican rival John McCain could get more votes in the states with relatively small black populations no matter what the polls said.
This possibility makes many Democrats squirm at polls that show Obama with only a paper tissue thin lead over McCain. When the standard polling margin of error along with the refusal of many to answer polling questions is considered it makes trying to get an accurate gauge of voter sentiment even more fragile and volatile. And the murkiness of hidden racial bias makes it even more problematic still.
Pollsters are doing everything they can to try and ferret out hidden bias in voting among whites. They are asking end around questions such as what are the racial attitudes of their friends and relatives. They are making cold calls and then identifying themselves by race (white). They are even directly asking respondents their race and whether they socialize with blacks.
Still some pollsters deny that race will be a factor in election poll predictions. Some political analysts say that times and public attitudes have changed; that there are more young voters, and they are more racially tolerant. Whites, they say, turn on their TVs and see legions of black newscasters and talk show hosts, topped by TV's richest and most popular, Oprah Winfrey. They see mega-rich black entertainers and athletes pampered and fawned over by a doting media and adoring public.
They see TV commercials that picture blacks living in trendy integrated suburban homes, sending their kids to integrated schools, and driving expensive cars. They see blacks such as former Secretary of State Colin Powell, and their successor, Condoleezza Rice in high profile, important policy-making positions in the Bush administration. They see dozens of black congresspersons, state legislators, and mayors. They see blacks heading corporations, and universities.
This supposedly has radically leveled the racial playing field, and not only make color-coded bigotry unacceptable, but mostly a thing of the by-gone past. Obviously, thatâ€™s not the case.
But Project Implicit researchers also found that hidden bias cuts both ways and that many blacks lie or misrepresent their views to voters on voting. They as many whites donâ€™t want to come off sounding like racial bigots by giving the impression that they oppose McCain because heâ€™s white. Many are just as adamant that their passion for Obama is not based solely on the fact that heâ€™s black.
The truth, of course, is that many blacks back Obama based exclusively on race. The likelihood that they will flock to the polls in possible record numbers in several states excites Democrats, and many even encourage it by making subtle and not so subtle racial appeals, such as â€œhelp make history,â€ â€œour time has come,â€ â€œThis will be a first.â€
So why do many blacks fib to pollsters about race? Even though itâ€™s politically tactless to revel in it, it has much to do with their legitimate sense that Obama will make history by being the first African-American in the White House. But it also has much to do with faulty assumptions.
Many blacks erroneously believe that whites live an Ozzie and Harriet life of bliss and are immune from personal and social angst. They are puzzled when middle-class whites shoot up their suburban schools, and neighborhoods, bludgeon their children in their homes, use and deal drugs, have high suicide rates and commit bizarre anti-social acts. They don't hear and see their pain.
Many blacks don't recognize that millions of whites are also trapped in a downward cycle of need and poverty, and have about as much chance of crashing into America's corporate boardrooms, joining university faculties and getting elected to Congress as poor blacks. The sense among many whites that they are fast losing economic and social ground in America Then there â€˜s the even less socially correct view that whites are conniving, brutal, dishonest, and inherently untrustworthy in dealing with minorities.
The reality is that black and white voters arenâ€™t racial bigots. They like to believe that they are open minded when it comes to judging a candidate, and that they wouldnâ€™t lie about their preferences. Unfortunately, many do, and that makes presidential predictions based on polls even shakier.
Written By Earl Ofari Hutchinson
back to news Changelog Update 01.02.2017 (Server Update) Ground vehicles Type 62 - Angle values for vertical gun elevation and depression have been fixed: previously: -4/+20, now: -5/+22. Elevation/depression speed has been fixed: previously 4 degrees per second, now 10 degrees per second. Fire rate has been increased from 7 to 8.1 shots per minute. Source: Domestic Artillery Handbook (国产火炮手册), People's Republic of China Department of Weapon Industry's Second Management Bureau (中华人民共和国兵器工业部 第二管理局), November 1982: Elevation and Depression in P.271-272. Type-62 Light Tank: Weapon Structure and Usage(六二式轻型坦克武器构造与使用), Chinese People's Liberation Army Armored Force Command (Chinese: 中国人民解放军装甲兵司令部), May 1972.
Type 61 - transmission ratio updated. Engine power has been decreased from 600 to 570 h.p. Reverse speed has been increased from 3 km/h to 8 km/h.
Autocannons that are used on SPAAs now have overheated value and a separate value for reloading after overheat.
Kugelblitz - filling of the belts with APCR rounds has been reviewed. Current filling: APCR-HE-HE (earlier it were only APCR). Refilling of the cassettes with They shell has been reviewed. Current refilling HE-HE-HE-API (earlier it was: HE-HE-HE-APCR).
FlakPz.I Gepard - filling of the belts with APDS rounds has been reviewed. Current filling: APDS-HE-HE-HE (previously there was only APDS).
The speed of the gun elevation/depression was increased to 4 degrees per second for following ground vehicles:
Pz.Kpfw.II Ausf.C/F; Pz.Kpfw.IV Ausf C/E/F1/F2/J/H; Pz.Kpfw.VI Ausf H1/E; Pz.Kpfw.VI Ausf B/Sla/KwK.46; Pz.Bfw.VI P; VK4501 P. Aircraft B-34 - Incorrect chassis animation has been removed.
Ar.234B-2, Ar.234C-3 - DM of flaps, ailerons, rudder has been fixed.
F7f-1, f7f-3 - DM of flaps, ailerons and rudder has been fixed.
He-219A-7 - DM of flaps, ailerons and rudder has been fixed.
MBR-2-M-34 - DM of flaps, ailerons and rudder has been fixed.
Me.410 (all modifications) - DM of flaps, ailerons and rudder has been fixed.
Hampden Mk.I (all modifications) - incorrect armour has been fixed.
La-15 - armoured glass has been fixed.
MiG-17 - Armament info display in x-ray mode has been fixed.
MiG-9, MiG-9L - Armament info display in x-ray mode has been fixed.
G5N1 point angles of the upper turret have been fixed.
P-39 (all modifications) - Message appearing regarding loss of consciousness for the gunner when aircraft has been destroyed has been fixed.
Sunderland Mk.5 - Incorrect information for defence weaponry in the X-Ray view has been fixed.
F8F-1, F8F-1B - Incorrect sequence of bomb dropping for the variant with 3х1000lb has been fixed.
B-34 - The ability to choose separate guns whilst using the offensive weaponry has been added. Note: This server update applies to all platforms unless specifically highlighted.​ The current provided patchnotes reflect the major changes within the game as part of this Update. Some updates and fixes may be not listed in the provided notes. War Thunder is constantly improving all the time and certain fixes may be implemented without the client being updated.
Discuss on the Forums
Lord Kerr says EU treaty allows UK to change mind up to moment of leaving, and adding date to bill would not change that
The former diplomat who drafted article 50 says the UK could opt to reverse Brexit up to the moment we leave, even if a date for the country's departure from European Union were added to the withdrawal bill, as Theresa May plans.
Lord Kerr, a former UK ambassador to the European Union, said Brexiters in May's cabinet were suggesting Brexit was irreversible and thereby misleading the public.
They were speaking hours after the government confirmed it wanted an amendment to the withdrawal bill to set a fixed departure point of 11pm GMT (midnight in Brussels) on 29 March 2019.
“We are leaving the European Union on 29 March 2019,” May wrote in the Telegraph.
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme Kerr, now a crossbench peer, said the UK could still opt to stay in the EU. “At any stage we can change our minds if we want to, and if we did we know that our partners would actually be very pleased indeed.”
They added: “The Brexiters create the impression that is because of the way article 50 is written that having sent in a letter on 29 March 2017 we must leave automatically on 29 March 2019 at the latest. That is not true. It is misleading to suggest that a decision that we are taking autonomously in this country about the timing of our departure, we are required to take by a provision of EU treaty law.”
Their complaint came as the Brexit secretary, David Davis, and the EU's chief negotiator, Michel Barnier, prepare to meet in Brussels on the second day of the latest round of talks before a crunch summit of European leaders next month.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lord Kerr: ‘It is always possible at a later stage to decide that we want to do something different.' Photograph: Ian Nicholson/PA
Kerr was asked to clarify whether the UK could still halt Brexit even if a date was set on the face of the EU withdrawal bill. “That's what I'm saying,” they said. Speaking before a speech to an Open Britain event later on Friday, they added: “One should bear in mind that it is always possible at a later stage to decide that we want to do something different.”
They added: “It is entirely up to the prime minister to set a date for our departure. My point is quite a different one. These decisions are taken entirely in this country, they have nothing to do with the treaty. As far as the treaty is concerned there are lots of options. There is a provision to seek some extra time for negotiation and, much more important, there's the ability at any stage to take back the letter that the prime minister sent to President Tusk on 29 March.”
Kerr was asked about Davis's view that the referendum result was a “irrevocable moment”. They replied: “The David Davis quote I would offer you comes from 2012 when they said: ‘A democracy that has lost the right to change its mind has ceased to be a democracy.'”
They added: “I'm not a politician. I'm just the guy who wrote the treaty telling you what the treaty means.”
Kerr claimed that circumstances had changed since the referendum.
They said: “It is open to us to argue that the terms as they emerge are not quite the ones that we were led to expect: that the costs of coming out are rather different from what it said on the side of the battlebus; that the complexity of coming out was not entirely explained and the effects of coming out on, for example, the NHS or jobs, these things are not what the electorate knew about at the time. If new facts emerge one is entitled to change one's view, as Keynes said.”
They added: “I'm not today arguing for a second referendum, I'm saying if we wanted to have a second referendum there is nothing in the treaty, or in the attitude of EU partners, that would prevent us taking the time to have one.”
L.A. City Council OKs law requiring condom use by porn performers
The vote marks a significant victory for the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which has been rallying for years to protect the health of porn actors by asking agencies in California to mandate condom use during film shoots.
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is supportive of the ordinance, believing it to address a public health issue, a mayoral spokesperson said. Because Villaraigosa is in Washington, D.C., this week, it's possible that the council president, Herb Wesson, will sign the ordinance as acting mayor.
"It's a great day for the performers and safer sex in our society," said an ebullient Michael Weinstein, president of the foundation, which has been waging a largely lonely battle for mandatory condom use for years. "This is the first legislative body to take up the issue, and the near-unanimous support is very gratifying."
The 9-1 vote Tuesday marks a significant victory for the L.A.-based AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which has been rallying for years to protect the health of porn actors by asking agencies in California to mandate condom use during film shoots. In the past decade, porn shoots have been suspended several times after high-profile cases of porn performers infected by HIV.
In a significant defeat for the adult film industry, the Los Angeles City Council has given final approval to a city ordinance requiring porn actors to wear condoms while performing.
For years, lawmakers have largely ignored calls to crack down on condom-free porn filming. But last year, the foundation changed its tactics and gathered signatures to ask voters to pass an ordinance requiring adult film producers, when seeking a filming permit in the city of Los Angeles, to have actors use condoms.
The new rule would require porn producers to pay a fee to fund surprise inspections. The proposed requirement would have targeted the multibillion-dollar porn industry centered in L.A.'s San Fernando Valley.
Last week, council members signaled during the ordinance's first reading that they believed the porn condom measure would pass at the ballot box and decided to back the AIDS group's proposed ordinance to avoid a $4-million special election this June.
"I think there's no doubt: the voters would see this as a common sense issue and pass it," said Councilman Paul Koretz.
Porn industry representatives opposed the measure. Diane Duke of the lobbying group Free Speech Coalition said, "This is government overreach. It's not about performer health and safety; it's about government regulating what happens between consenting adults."
Weinstein said gay porn performers have been using condoms for years.
Referring to the porn industry, "it's in their DNA to not have anybody tell them anything about how they do business. Self-regulation in the industry has been shown to be a failure across the board," Weinstein said.
The AIDS Healthcare Foundation is also gathering signatures for a measure to go to Los Angeles County voters for the November election. It would also require condom use and ask porn producers to obtain permits from the county Department of Public Health before filming. The county would also be able to do surprise inspections.
The AIDS group is also considering launching a similar condom measure in San Francisco.
ron.lin@latimes.com
Although the Old Testament portrays God with language that reflects male role models, such as a father (Mal 1:6), a king (Psalm 97:1), or a man of war (Exod 15:3), the biblical writers also used language that describes God in traditional female roles.
Whenever Christians read that the Old Testament uses female metaphors to describe the work of Yahweh, the God of Israel, they are shocked. Since the biblical text generally uses masculine language when speaking about God, some people are skeptical when they read that the Bible uses female imagery to describe God, since God is always described as male and in some texts they are called the father and the husband of Israel.
The use of masculine language to describe the God of the Old Testament reflects the social norms and the cultural background that molded Israelite society and provided the language people used to explain their relationship with God.
However, in ancient Israel, God was described with both masculine and feminine language, although God is neither male nor female.
The Old Testament teaches that both men and women were created in the image of God: “God said, ‘Let us make man in our image' . . . So God created man in their own image, in the image of God they created him; male and female they created them” (Gen 1:26-27).
A close exegesis of Genesis 5:1-2 indicates that the Hebrew word 'ādām is used collectively to designate both man and woman: “In the day that God created man, in the likeness of God made they him; male and female created they them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam” (Gen 5:1-2 KJV). The word 'ādām is also used to designate the proper name of an individual.
In their commentary on Genesis, Westermann said that “God created humans corresponding to him, as their counterpart so that something can happen between them and the creatures” (p. 356). Since the woman was created in the image of God, then feminine divine imagery reflects one of the characteristics of God as they relate to their people.
There are several texts in the Old Testament where God is presented with language that reflects feminine roles. The selection below is based on texts that are found outside Deutero-Isaiah (Isaiah 40-66). In my next post I will deal with Deutero-Isaiah and their use of mother language to describe the God of Israel.
Numbers 11:12
“Did I conceive all this people? Did I give birth to them, that you should say to me, ‘Carry them in your bosom, as a nurse carries a sucking child,' to the land that you promised on oath to their ancestors?”
After the people of Israel left Egypt, they experienced the rigors of life in the wilderness. When the people complained to Moses about the lack of food, Moses in turn complained to God with language that presents God as a mother and a nurse: “Did I conceive all this people? Did I give birth to them?” Moses could not take all the responsibility for the people; God had to help them in their task. Moses said to God: “Carry them in your bosom, as a nurse carries a sucking child.”
Deuteronomy 32:11
“As an eagle, teaching them young to make their flight, with their wings outstretched over them, takes them up on their strong feathers, So the Lord only was their guide.”
In this passage Moses compares a mother eagle teaching their young to fly, protecting it with their outstretched wings. If the little bird was to learn how to fly, the mother eagle must force them young out of the nest and teach it how to fly. In the same way, Yahweh brought Israel out of Egypt to teach the people their laws. The mother eagle's imagery speaks of Yahweh's protection of Israel as it traveled in the wilderness on its way to the Promised Land: “He came to them in the waste land, in the unpeopled waste of sand: putting their arms round them and caring for him, they kept them as the light of their eye” (Deut 32:10).
A similar metaphor was used by Jesus when they described their concern for Jerusalem: “O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, putting to death the prophets, and stoning those who were sent to her! again and again would I have taken your children to myself, as a bird takes their young ones under their wings, but you would not” (Luke 13:34). Here Jesus compares themselves to a mother bird who tries to protect their young ones against danger. Jesus desires to protect Jerusalem from the catastrophe that will soon come, but Israel rejects the protection that they offered.
Deuteronomy 32:18
“You forgot the God who gave you birth.”
In the Song of Moses, the offense of Israel is emphasized by comparing its apostasy with a rebellious child who forgets their mother. Israel's offense is magnified by the use of the mother metaphor since dishonoring one's mother was a serious violation of the covenant.
Hosea 11:1-4
“When Israel was a child, I loved him, and out of Egypt I called my son. . . . It was I who taught Ephraim to walk, I took them up in my arms; but they did not know that I healed them. I led them with cords of human kindness, with bands of love. I was to them like those who lift infants to their cheeks. I bent down to them and fed them.”
Even though in chapters 1-3 Hosea uses the imagery of a husband to portray Yahweh's relationship with Israel, in chapter 11:1-4, the prophet uses the image of a mother who taught their son how to walk, who embraced their child with tender love, who healed them when they were ill, who fed them when they were hungry. All these tasks which God took upon themselves were tasks assigned to mothers in Israelite households.
There are a few other feminine imageries for God in the Old Testament. When the biblical writers used feminine language to describe the work of God, this language described one aspect of God as the God who cares for their people and reveals God's desire to establish a personal relationship with their people.
Although the feminine imagery for God in the Old Testament reflects Israel's rich tradition of understanding its God, Christians have been slow to understand and accept the significance of this language. The feminine language about God describes God's care and provision for Israel and calls them to trust them in times of danger. It also calls the people to know that God will provide for them in times of need just as a mother cares and provides for them children.
In my next post I will study Isaiah 40-66 and their use of the mother imagery to describe the work of God on behalf of Israel.
Claude Mariottini
Professor of Old Testament
Northern Baptist Seminary
Other Posts on the Gender of God:
Feminine Imagery for God
Maternal Language for God in Deutero-Isaiah
The Gender of God
God and the Goddess
The Masculinity of God
Bibliography:
Westermann, Claus. Genesis 1-11. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1984.
Where did we leave it off last time?
Oh yes, here…
I think they said yes (:
Over the next few days all they did was woohoo and snuggle in the couch with video games and take-out.
Lily
you're drunk, Lily
go home
Even in the bathroom they're flirting.
“So apparently my ex is totally broke.”
“Should we invite them to the wedding to rub in that I'm Vice President?”
Oh yeah, that's why Avery's so rich, btw. He's about to become leader of the free world, it seems.
The puppies were reeeally annoying for a while when they first moved in, but now it seems they've gotten used to the new house. Avery seems to like them too :3 here they are grooming Phoebus, because that's all they ever comes to you for.
Clearly, they don't like the TV.
Little Lakia is so cute :3
“I wish Skyrim was multiplayer, this is so much fun!”
“So you can kill dragons all day? In your kitten bathrobe?”
Avery: “…Did you fart?”
Lily: “Girls don't fart, silly.”
“Oh Lord, I'm going to have to get used to this now, aren't I?”
“Oh yes. As soon as we're married: farting, burping, not showering for three days, nose picking…”
“Deliver me from this misery…”
“Maybe I can blame my pregnancy on gaining 50 pounds…”
“That bathrobe looks ridiculous. I wonder if it'd fit me.”
“Mmffmfh.”
Here's Lily without makeup :3 a rare sight!
Rehearsal dinner time!
Damn, their height difference is going to make all the animations/poses wonky ):
Inspecting the premises before the big day starts (:
So exciting!
And only a few hours later…
Preening before the ceremony…
It was a really short engagement because they were just so excited! I had so much fun decorating the little chapel!
Someone looks happy (:
Mr and Mrs Shalik, v4.0!
I furnished the basement of the chapel (all that pink!), but the guests seem to want to stay upstairs… That's great-grandma Nilou in the red dress, and Dorian is sitting a few chairs over.
Now to get wasted!
They look like they're fighting but I swear they're just dancing!
Damn you, game! *shakes fist*
Most of the family was actually there (only Naya wasn't available) but only these guys were present for the actual ceremony ): the rest ran off in the middle of it, I suppose… Ah well.
Also, Nilou (red dress) is the FOUNDER. They should be in a coffin by now.
Really, Sol? You're that bored?
She's keeping on their wedding dress as long as possible. Also, I love their profile. I'm so glad they inherited their dad's nose.
This is when I got Seasons, so prepare for scenery porn.
Ahh, St Claire in the fall-going-on-winter…
Never mind, it's winter now!
First night home after the wedding… And hey! Look! It's not the same house anymore!
Hmmm…
Everyone's adjusting well to the new house!
Sadly they had no honeymoon since Avery's job is a little too pressing to allow a week off, but Lily's enjoying the other side of town.
Three guesses as to what they just did. ;D
omg the windows!
look!
condensation!
I wasn't aware you'd turned into a zombie, Avery.
The new Shalik residence at night. I love those giant windows!
Does it snow inside in your game, too?
…aw x3
I love that they still used TS2 video for the weather channel.
…I don't think this is a great idea, Lily
Well, there you go. I guess she's allergic to snow?
Unsurprisingly, Lily's sick!
So Avery's getting them EVERYTHING they want. Even if it makes no sense whatsoever. :'D
wat
wat did i do
Puppiiiies!
Just because Avery's an important public figure doesn't mean Lily can't boss them around! Here they are overseeing the snowman building.
Finally something the dogs enjoy! Being chin-deep in snow 😀
It's full-blown winter now, and St Claire is absolutely gorgeous.
I'm not sure about their current house though, especially with the snowing inside deal. What do you think of this one?
Next part here!
Advertisements
Seat has announced that prepares a new model class average, called Exeo.
The Spanish prepare a medium-class model, called Exeo, which we will present next year, shortly after the official presentation of the model having its launch in Romania.
The Spanish say that Exeo marks the beginning of a new era in the history Seat, both in terms of design and technology, although it is expected to use the technical platform model class average of Volkswagen group.
Surprises could occur at the level of design, but now the manufacturer has not submitted any picture with a car. Probably one will see the Auto Salon in Paris in the autumn.
The name chosen by the manufacturer illustrates the Iberian Mediterranean brand aspirations, “Exeo” is a derivative of “Exire”, translated by the expression “move ahead”, “going beyond limits”.
The car will come in direct competition with Ford Mondeo, Opel Insignia, Mazda6 and Renault Laguna.
Seat stated that Exeo is a medium-class model and will not replace the model range Toledo, scheduled to remain in production for few years.
You may be interested in:
Arteta has scored two goals in three matches so far this season
Arsenal have signed Everton's Mikel Arteta for £10m after the Spanish midfielder submitted a transfer request to force through the move.
Arteta, 29, joined the Gunners on a four-year contract just before the transfer window closed.
The deal had looked dead earlier after talks between the two clubs broke down but Arteta handed in the transfer request an hour before the deadline.
Arsenal also signed Chelsea's Yossi Benayoun, 31, on a season-long loan.
"Mikel indicated to me that they wished to join Arsenal if a bid came in," said Everton manager David Moyes.
Media playback is not supported on this device Benayoun's well-worked goal against Burnley
"I am very disappointed to lose them but the prospect of Champions League football was something I wasn't able to offer him."
According to BBC sports news correspondent Dan Roan, there is anger behind the scenes at Goodison because Arteta left their announcement so late that there was no time to re-invest the money.
Roan added: "Arsenal offered £5m on Tuesday and offered £10m on Wednesday afternoon - both bids were rejected. Any deal was dead until around 1900 BST, when Arteta told Moyes they wished to leave.
"Moyes spoke to the chairperson, Bill Kenwright, and said they did not want to keep a player who did not wish to play for Everton.
"Arteta was Everton's highest-paid player ever on around £75,000 a week and took a big pay cut to join Arsenal."
Arteta joined Everton from Real Socieded for £2m in 2005 and has scored 35 goals in 208 appearances.
They started their career with Barcelona before spells with Paris Saint-Germain FC and Rangers.
The Spaniard suffered a knee ligament injury in February 2009 and was sidelined for almost 12 months before signing a new five-year deal in August 2010.
Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown told BBC Sport that both Arteta and Benayoun were "solid signings".
MARTIN KEOWN'S VIEW "Arsenal made eight signings during this transfer window, which is the biggest turnover of players Arsene Wenger has sanctioned since they came to the club back in 1998. They brought very well then, with a big group coming in - Petit, Overmars, Garde, Manninger, Wreh. Lots came in at once and we've not seen Wenger do that since. It hasn't really been their style of management. The amount of players they have brought in is a big call and only the results will tell as to whether or not they have got the right blend." Read more from Martin Keown
But when asked if they would be adequate replacements for the departed Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri, Keown added: "No they're not, it's very hard to replace those players.
"I think back to the [Dennis] Bergkamp era, the impetus those players brought. Arteta is a great passer, Benayoun is not getting into Chelsea team. It's a mixed bag for Arsenal fans."
Benayoun, the Israel captain, wrote on social networking site Twitter: "I sign with Arsenal, very happy and excited about it, but now my head is only in the game against grecce on Friday, thanks for the support."
Both clubs later confirmed the move had gone through.
Chelsea offered Liverpool £8m plus Benayoun for Reds midfielder Raul Meireles on Tuesday, but that deal was rejected.
They joined Blues from Liverpool for £5m in July 2010 but was restricted to 10 appearances last season because of an Achilles injury and has seen only one minute of action this time round.
It had been rumoured Benayoun would be included in an offer from Chelsea for Tottenham playmaker Luka Modric.
Newcastle had also been linked with the Israeli.
Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner completed a move away from Emirates Stadium just before the window closed, joining Sunderland on a season-long loan.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) -- As some sectors of the tourism industry have been hit by declining Chinese tourists numbers since the election of President Tsai Ing-wen (蔡英文), vendors at Taoyuan's Cihu Mausoleum (慈湖陵寢)—the Chiang Kai-shek Mausoleum—have complained that their business has suffered significantly despite official statistics showing that visitor arrivals increased 2.4 percent year-on-year (YoY) in 2016.
According to Taiwan's Tourism Bureau statistics, Cihu Mausoleum suffered a 31 percent YoY drop in visitor numbers in 2016, while Kenting saw a 27 percent YoY decline. Yehliu Geopark, Alishan National Scenic Area and Sun Moon Lake saw smaller declines in the number of visitors during the year.
In January, the number of visitors to Cihu declined more than 51 percent YoY to 118,614. Visitors to Yehliu Geopark declined 13.65 percent YoY in the month, but visitors to Yehliu Ocean World increased more than 61 percent. Meanwhile, nearby Baishawan and Sanzhi saw increases of over 175 percent YoY in January.
Overall, data on visitor arrivals to scenic spots around Taiwan in January show that more well-known destinations experienced declines while other sites that typically see fewer visitors saw increases. The only major tourist destination to see an increase in the month was Taroko National Park.
Statistics for February—the most recent data published by the Tourism Bureau—show that the number of visitors declined 14.42 percent YoY with less than half the total number of Chinese tourists from the previous year. The total number of tourists in the month reached 787,511, down from 920,155 the previous year. The number of tourists from nearly all other nations increased YoY in February.
Cihu Mausoleum was a more popular stop on tours for Chinese visitors.
Meanwhile, destinations such as Alishan and Yehliu are more popular with the growing numbers of Japanese and Korean tourists. However, a Tourism Bureau representative told China Times that from March 20, 2015 to March 20, 2016, almost 1.65 million people visited Alishan, but from March 20, 2016 to March 19, 2017, less than 907,000 people visited. During the period, the admission fee to Alishan also increased from NT$200 to NT$300.
A tea vendor at Alishan claimed that before Tsai took office, the park saw 100-200 tour buses each day, but now they only see about 10. However, while most Chinese tourists were on organized tours in Taiwan, fewer visitors from Japan, Korea and other nations take part in such group tours.
Tourism Bureau statistics show that in January, the number of visitors to Taiwan's national parks declined YoY, but visitors to national scenic areas increased more than 40 percent.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth increased briskly in December, but wages posted their biggest decline in at least eight years in a sign the tightening labor market has yet to give much of a boost to workers.
Nonfarm payrolls increased by 252,000 last month after an upwardly revised jump of 353,000 in November, the Labor Department said on Friday. The jobless rate fell 0.2 percentage point to a 6-1/2-year low of 5.6 percent, but that was mainly because people left the labor force.
The drop in labor participation and a surprise five-cent, or 0.2 percent, decrease in average hourly earnings, which nearly erased November's gains, took some shine off the otherwise upbeat report.
December marked the 11th straight month of payroll increases above 200,000, the longest stretch since 1994. For last year as a whole, the economy generated 2.95 million new jobs, the strongest annual showing since 1999.
The softness in earnings, however, is puzzling. Some economists wondered whether last month's broad-based fall, which was led by a record 1.2 percent plunge in the retail trade sector, was a seasonal fluke that would be revised away.
“There is no obvious fundamental economic factor that would contribute to today's number,” said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. “We are disposed to view this decline as a one-off.”
The drop in earnings was the biggest on record dating back to 2006. A separate, narrower gauge posted its largest percentage decline since 1983.
The fall exacerbated a soft trend that has been in place since the 2007-2009 recession. Over the past year, earnings rose only 1.7 percent, the smallest 12-month gain since October 2012.
While December's earnings decline bolstered the case for the Federal Reserve to take a go-slow approach to raising interest rates, it did not remove a possible June hike from the table, economists said.
A Reuters survey of big banks showed many economists are sticking to their June rate call.
But financial markets were less convinced. The dollar fell against a basket of currencies and prices for U.S. Treasury debt rose as traders pushed back their expectations for when rates would rise. U.S. stocks lost nearly 1 percent after a two-day rally.
The Fed has kept overnight borrowing costs near zero since December 2008.
“We have not changed our Fed call for a June tightening, but it just puts the risks later than opposed to sooner,” said Dana Saporta, a senior economist at Credit Suisse in New York.
Leaflets lie on a table at a booth at a military veterans' job fair in Carson, California, in this file photo taken October 3, 2014. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/Files
THE GOOD AND THE BAD
All sectors of the economy had employment gains last month and, in another sign of strength, 50,000 more jobs were created in October and November than previously thought.
Overall, the data suggested the economy was positioned for strong growth this year despite troubling weakness in some economies overseas.
Construction employment rose by 48,000, the largest gain since January, while manufacturers added 17,000 workers. Government employment increased by 12,000 positions.
In addition, the length of the average work week held at a 6-1/2-year high of 34.6 hours, suggesting further job gains are in store.
The softness in wages is striking given the tightening jobs market. The unemployment rate dropped by more than a percentage point last year, and is now near territory Fed officials consider commensurate with full employment.
A San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank research paper published this week suggested wage growth was tepid because many firms were unable to reduce wages during the recession and are holding the line on increases in return. [ID:nL3N0UO4QV]
Even so, economists expect to see a spark soon as the labor market continues to tighten. About 21 states are raising their minimum wage this year.
“The wage story should look much better at the end of 2015,” said Dan Greenhaus, chief strategist at BTIG in New York.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Most of the measures tracked by Fed Chair Janet Yellen to gauge the amount of slack in the labor market continued to point to tightening conditions in December.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell two-tenths of a percentage point, to 11.2 percent, the lowest level since September 2008.
The ranks of the long-term unemployed continued to shrink in December. Almost two-thirds of the decline in the level of unemployment last year was among the long-term unemployed.
But the labor force participation rate, the percentage of the working age population who either have a job or are looking for one, dropped back to the 36-year low of 62.7 percent reached in September.
This is a guest post written by Robyn Shulman of Ed News Daily.
“Teaching is not a profession. It is a never-ending entry-level vocation, divorced from foundational understandings of training, accountability, and advancement. If we are to enact meaningful reform, we must rescue teaching from its status as vocation and volunteerism, and recast it as a profession of rigor, creativity, and unlimited impact.”
-From “Teaching in the 408”
According to Google Analytics for this site, the 3 most common phrases typed in via Google that bring readers to ED News Daily are the following:
Why did I become a teacher?
Companies that hire teachers?
How teachers can make more money?
Combining these 3 simple phrases brings me to the conclusion that we have many teachers who are unhappy, looking for work outside the classroom, lacking funds, and are ready to leave the field all together. Having taught for 5 years, and choosing to leave the profession myself, I am personally aware of the reasons why effective educators move on. There are vast reasons across the scale, however, the bottom line is the following: if we have teachers all over America who are seriously unhappy in their roles, we have a bigger problem: the students are suffering in both academic and non-academic ways. Numbers, statistics, blue ribbons and test scores deem themselves meaningless and do not provide a true picture of what is taking place daily. As humans, we project our feelings, emotions, and behaviors in every situation, and if our students know we don't want to be in the classroom, why should they want to be there?
As education leaders, we set the tone, the mood, and deliver the expectations in the classroom on a daily basis. From the minute our kids walk into the classroom, the energy shared from the teacher sets the tone of the day, either positive or negative. Our non-verbal language sends messages in which we are not aware, and thus, travels to each and every student. I remember when I first started teaching, and saw the cover of the book, “The First Days of School: How to be an Effective Teacher,” by Harry Wong. Quite vividly, a few pages into the book, I remember the image of them standing at the front door of their classroom, stressing a power smile and a handshake with each student. Their smile never left my mind. Could I smile like that daily? I wasn't sure?!
Facts about the education profession:
Teacher job satisfaction has dropped 15 points since 2009, from 59% who were very satisfied to 44% who are very satisfied, the lowest level in over 20 years.
Teachers with lower job satisfaction are more likely to report that in the last year they have seen increases in: average class size (70% vs. 53%), students and families needing health or social services (70% vs. 56%), students coming to school hungry (40% vs. 30%), students leaving.
One third (33 percent) of current public school teachers do not expect to be teaching in K-12 schools five years from now.
Nearly 50 percent of new teachers leave the profession within their first five years.
Reasons why teachers leave the profession:
New teachers cannot afford to pay back loans and sustain a middle class lifestyle
Poor working conditions
School bureaucracy is too difficult to deal with
NCLB and required test scores are deemed impossible to meet
Lack of support to meet the various needs of students (ESL, special education, gifted, etc.)
Lack of collaboration among teachers; feeling isolated
Compounding discipline problems with students
Underpaid and underfunded for resources
Simply exhausted with the responsibilities, lack of respect, and feeling that their job is not considered a profession, but rather a volunteer type of vocation without growth
Did you leave the profession? Do you plan to stay? Why or why not?
Every Windows phone Nokia sold in the US has been backed by a $450 slice of AT&T marketing cash, it's estimated.
The mobile network threw its weight behind the handset maker's comeback device, the Lumia 900, with its biggest-ever advertising blitz for a phone: $150m, according to Ad Age. Nokia also spent $25m on Lumias for AT&T employees.
Back-of-the-envelope numbers by blogger Horace Dediu suggest the mobe has made a negligible impact so far on the market, however. Dediu uses the latest monthly figures from ComScore, which give all Windows devices (phone and mobile) a market share of 4 per cent, to extrapolate a figure of 330,000 Lumias sold in the United States. You can see their calculations here.
Bernstein Research analyst Pierre Ferragu isn't far away with their predictions. Ferragu thinks that only 3 million Nokia WP devices will ship this year, based on sales of 1.1 to 1.4 million so far worldwide. The analyst wrote:
Windows Phone 7 has insignificant traction and Windows Phone 8 is likely a 2013 story only, with a risk that consumers waiting for the new system weigh on Lumia shipments towards the end of the year.
The Lumia 900 sold for $99 up front, allowing AT&T to claw back up to $32m of its marketing costs, although for some of this period the cost was slashed to zero. And naturally, the carrier will amortise the marketing cost over a longer period than just three months. However AT&T slashed the $99 to $49 at the weekend.
When operators invest heavily in promotion they expect some return. Samsung shifted some 25 million units of its first Galaxy phone worldwide and last year's successor is likely to exceed that. Continuing heavy promotion on a niche ecosystem represents a significant opportunity cost.
Ominously, the enormous promotional expenditure for Nokia's Windows Phone was accompanied by generally warm reviews. Critics emphasised the unusual design of Windows Phone's Metro UI, rather than the functionality that is missing. But the market hasn't moved, and for Ferragu, this confirms their bearish view that smartphones are a race with room for only two winning platforms:
We maintain our view that there is no room left for the third ecosystem and any material success of Windows 8 will attract increased competition from HTC and Samsung, limiting upside for Nokia.
Nokia is entitled to point to excellent customer satisfaction ratings from Lumia owners. 93 per cent of Lumia 900 owners say they would recommend them to their friends and 85 per cent would make a repeat purchase, according to Nielsen. But there may be other explanations for this: the fanatical tribal brand loyalty exhibited when choosing an "outsider" brand, for example. Less charitably called Stockholm syndrome.
Long after Microsoft won the desktop war, small numbers of OS/2 users continued to hold out - no doubt giving high satisfaction scores and recommending the product to friends. If Ferragu is right, Windows Phone is going to become the smartphone world's OS/2.
It's too early to tell whether the widespread publicity given to Microsoft's official roadmap for Windows Phone deterred sales. Windows 8 is based on an NT kernel, and today's phones - including the Lumia line – won't be able to run the new system. This was widely known in the technical community – and reported here – but it only hit the headlines in late June. Lumia sales were already sagging.
The handset giant will release its earnings on Thursday. ®
Team Sky have announced their sixth signing for 2017, taking on the young British rider Jon Dibben from the WIGGINS team. Related Articles Owain Doull signs for Team Sky
Geoghegan Hart confirmed with Team Sky for 2017
Team Sky confirm Elissonde on two-year deal
Team WIGGINS adds French pursuiter Ermenault to 2017 roster
Dibben ready for WorldTour challenge at Team Sky
Track Worlds: Dibben earns Britain's second gold in points race
The 22-year-old, who was points race world champion on the track and second at this year's U23 Tour of Flanders on the road, will be Sky's third British neo-pro next term, alongside Owain Doull and Tao Geoghegan Hart.
"It's very exciting. It's going to be a big change and obviously a big step up, going from Team WIGGINS and an academy which is very track-focused, to go into the biggest cycling team in the world," said Dibben. "It's a great opportunity to get into the big leagues and see what it's all about.
"Obviously I know Owain and Tao - they are two of my best mates - so it's good that we're all joining the team together. It's certainly a whole new environment and a different lifestyle. It's a big change and it's something I'm looking forward to."
Dibben has split their commitments this year between the track and the road but, despite impressing at the World Championships at the London velodrome in March, they missed out on selection for the Olympics Games to Mark Cavendish.
They then joined the Cannondale-Drapac WorldTour team as a stagiaire from August, racing in the lime green at the Tour of Utah. After that they impressed at the Tour de l'Avenir, finishing in the top three on three stages, and went on to place ninth in the U23 World Championships road race last month.
"I think on the road it was a really good year," added Dibben. "Maybe at the Worlds I didn't get exactly the results that I wanted to but it was the first time I'd had a consistent block on the road. I really enjoyed it and it certainly made me feel that this was what I wanted to do for the next few years, and to commit 100 percent to the road."
Dibben acknowledged that gaining experience will be the focus of 2017 as they adjust to life as a full-time professional road racer in the top echelon of the sport.
"Your main job as a pro is just to be on it from January to November - the whole year you need to be consistently good. So it's just getting used to that constant high level, rather than this year where I had my targets and I went in as a team leader. Next year will be much more about learning how the pro racers ride, and the volume of racing I imagine will step up to double if not more. So it will be about getting used to that."
Dibben is Sky's sixth signing of the season, following Owain Doull (WIGGINS), Tao Geoghegan Hart (Axeon Hagens Berman), Łukasz Wiśniowski (Team Sky), Kenny Elissonde (FDJ), and Diego Rosa (Astana).
Image caption The man was fatally shot in an Orlando apartment block
A Chechen immigrant living in Florida was shot and killed during a violent confrontation with Boston bombing investigators, officials have said.
The shooting took place early on Wednesday in Orlando as officials questioned Ibragim Todashev, 27.
An FBI agent and two Massachusetts State police officers were present.
US media report Todashev admitted a role in a triple murder near Boston in September 2011 and implicated bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev in the crime.
In that unsolved incident, three men were found dead in a rented property on a quiet, residential street in the town of Waltham.
The men were reportedly found with their throats slashed and marijuana sprinkled over their bodies.
But officials in Middlesex County, Massachusetts have refused to comment on the reports.
No evidence has emerged linking Todashev to the Boston Marathon bombings.
'Martial arts fighter'
Image caption Ibragim Todashev was arrested this month after a row over a parking spot
The FBI said an agent was taken to hospital with non-life threatening injuries, and an agency team has been dispatched to review the shooting, standard procedure in such cases.
Police blocked off the apartment complex where Todashev was shot.
US media reported that Todashev had known Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the ethnic Chechen Boston bombing suspect killed in a shootout with police days after last month's deadly marathon blasts.
The Boston Marathon attack killed three people and injured 264 others on 15 April.
Tsarnaev's brother, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, is being held in a prison hospital after being shot before capture. They face the death penalty if convicted.
Two anonymous law enforcement officials told the Associated Press Todashev was shot after attacking the FBI agent with a knife.
In a statement, the FBI said the agent and "two Massachusetts State Police troopers and other law enforcement personnel" had been interviewing Todashev when "a violent confrontation was initiated by the individual".
"During the confrontation, the individual was killed and the agent sustained non-life threatening injuries."
The Associated Press news agency meanwhile reports that Todashev was arrested earlier this month on suspicion of assault, after a dispute over a parking spot at an Orlando shopping centre.
Todashev put a man in hospital with facial injuries during the fracas, according to a report from the Orange County Sheriff's Office.
Public records show that Todashev - who was reportedly a mixed-martial arts fighter - lived in Watertown, Massachusetts, just outside Boston, last year.
Michael Lee (Boulder County Sheriff's Office)
Boulder police arrested a 21-year-old man who they suspect shot a foam deer in their home earlier this month.
Michael Lee, 21, was arrested Friday on suspicion of illegal discharge of a firearm and use of a firearm while under the influence of alcohol after a witness said Lee shot the foam deer with a revolver and then a shotgun while they were drunk, according to police reports.
The witness said they helped Lee get back to a house in the 1000 block of Lincoln Street after they were drinking at a restaurant in the University Hill area early in the morning on July 21.
Lee, who the witness said was very intoxicated, insisted on showing the witness some of their guns. They then went into a roommate's bedroom and retrieved a foam deer and assembled it. The witness told police Lee set up the deer in the house and fired at it from the yard with a revolver. Lee then began using a shotgun on the deer, at which point the witness left the house, according to police.
Police later found the deer in a nearby garbage bin with shotgun pellets embedded in it. Lee also had several spent shotgun shells in their vehicle when they were arrested by police.
Lee is free on $1,500 bond and is scheduled to appear in court Friday.
They could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday.
Boys are better at Physics because they learn about “projection” while going to the toilet, researchers have claimed.
From a young age, boys are taught about how to aim accurately so that they do not make a mess in the bathroom, and this gives them a better understanding of “projectile motion”, according to three academics.
Writing for Times Education Supplement (TES), Anna Wilson of Abertay University along with Kate Wilson and David Low of the University of New South Wales Canberra, explained their theory.
“Playful urination practices – from seeing how high you can pee to games such as Peeball (where men compete using their urine to destroy a ball placed in a urinal) – may give boys an advantage over girls when it comes to physics,” the academics wrote.
The researchers concluded that there is “no simple way” to provide girls with the same opportunities for exploring projectile motion that boys have Credit: Photovision Images / Stockimo / Alamy Stock Photo
The researchers said they have examined gender differences in achievement on physics tests, and found that girls generally perform worse than boys, but with a more marked gap in specific topic areas.
“In particular, the largest gaps in performance between girls and boys arise in questions that involve projectile motion – things that have been thrown, kicked, fired, etc,” they said.
“On some projectile questions, we've seen only around one-third of girls answer correctly, compared to two-thirds of boys. This isn't a trivial gap in performance, particularly when a diagnostic test may contain several questions on projectiles.”
They said this is significant, since the physics curriculum often uses projectile motion as the starting point for more sophisticated mechanics concepts such as force, energy and momentum.
“This is even done because it is assumed to be more familiar, and hence easier to relate to,” they said.
The researchers concluded that there is “no simple way” to provide girls with the same opportunities for exploring projectile motion that boys have.
They suggested instead that the school physics syllabus could be structured in a different way, so that it does not begin with projectile motion.
“Other topics, such as energy conservation, which is more central to physics, could be taught first instead,” they said.
Nato has been split on US missile defence plans, amid Russian objections
Nato countries have agreed to back US plans to site a missile defence system in Europe, at a summit in Romania. Member states will endorse a communiqué backing the plan to position missile defence bases in the Czech Republic and Poland, US officials said. Albania and Croatia were invited to join the 26-member alliance. But Georgia and Ukraine will not be put immediately on the path to membership, while Macedonia was told it must solve a dispute with Greece before joining. The communiqué on missile defence, circulated by US officials, acknowledges ballistic missile proliferation as "an increasing threat to allied forces, territory and populations". It says the US-led system will make a "substantial contribution to the protection of allies". Georgia's and Ukraine's membership in the alliance is a huge strategic mistake which would have most serious consequences for pan-European security
Alexander Grushko
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister
Win some, lose some for US Georgia eyes Iraq route Send us your comments It also calls for steps to be taken to deploy a parallel Nato system to defend any countries not covered by the US scheme The BBC's diplomatic correspondent, Jonathan Marcus, says that consensus on missile defence is a significant achievement for US President George W Bush, who wanted to get full Nato support for the project before they leave office. The alliance had been deeply divided, amid strong Russian objections to the plan. The US says the system is needed to counter a potential threat from rogue states like Iran, but Moscow fears it could be used against Russia. The agreement emerged as US and Czech officials announced they had reached a deal to site a to base a missile defence radar on Czech soil, while Poland and the US resumed talks in Warsaw on locating 10 interceptor missiles in Poland. 'Not happy' Nato has confirmed it will not yet offer membership to Georgia or Ukraine after the 26-member alliance was split on the issue. Nato Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer told a news conference Georgia and Ukraine would become members eventually, something Moscow described as a "huge strategic mistake". NEW NATO MEMBERS Albania
Pop: 3.6 million Area: 28,748 sq km Military service: compulsory but due to be abolished by 2010 Army: aiming for army of 14,500 Croatia
Pop: 4.4 million Area: 56,538 sq km Military service: draft abolished in 2008 Army: aiming for army of 16,000 Germany and France had been opposed to putting the two former Soviet republics on the path to membership, amid concerns voiced by Russia over Nato's eastward expansion. Georgian diplomats said they were "not happy" with the delay but welcomed the promise of eventual membership. Nato officials said Macedonia could begin talks on joining the alliance as soon as it had resolved a dispute with Greece over its name. Macedonia's membership was strongly opposed by Greece, which has a northern province that is also called Macedonia. It argued that the former Yugoslav republic's insistence on being known as Macedonia implied a territorial claim. Macedonian officials said their rejection was a "huge disappointment" that would undermine stability in the Balkans, and said they would leave the three-day summit early. French deployment Our correspondent says the decisions on Georgia, Ukraine and Macedonia are setbacks for President Bush, who had been pushing for membership for all three countries.
Q&A: Missile defence Row as Nato door creaks open Greek veto for Macedonia bid Separately, President Nicolas Sarkozy indicated France would decide next year whether to return to the Nato military command it left in 1966 in protest at the dominance of US commanders. They also said a battalion of extra French troops would be deployed to Afghanistan, easing fears of a crisis within the Western coalition there. The US says the French move, expected to involve up to 1,000 extra soldiers, will free up some of its troops to move to southern Afghanistan, where Canada had demanded Nato reinforcements be sent. Canada's parliament voted last month to extend its military mission in volatile southern Afghanistan to 2011 - but only if its allies sent reinforcements.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
The civil war in Syria receives most of the region's attention, but there's another civil war raging in the Middle East, the one in Yemen. You wouldn't know it from the media coverage (the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal are notable exceptions), but the conflict in Yemen, the Middle East's poorest country on the southwestern tip of the Arabian Peninsula, has led to the worst humanitarian crisis in the region — worse than Syria and worse than Iraq.
The battle between Saudi Arabia and the Shiite Houthi rebels has led to a catastrophe of epic proportions: 14.1 million people are now food insecure, 2.8 million people have been displaced from their homes, tens of thousands of students are out of school, the country's already-poor health care system has been destroyed, 21.2 million people require some form of humanitarian assistance (over 80 percent of Yemen's entire population), and 320,000 children under the age of five are at risk of severe malnutrition.
The most disturbing part of this humanitarian tragedy, however, is that the United States is aiding and abetting it by selling billions of dollars worth of munitions and weapons systems to Saudi Arabia — despite overwhelming evidence by the Security Council's Panel of Experts, Human Rights Watch, and Amnesty International that Riyadh has killed countless civilians, whether by negligence or design.
RELATED: It doesn't look good for Saudi Arabia in the newly released 28 pages on 9/11
Congress has provided the Saudis with a blank check. Whatever Saudi Arabia requests from the United States, Washington is much more likely than not to provide it. Although Congress can block any proposed weapons sale to a foreign country under U.S. law, the institution has long refused to use that authority. The State Department approves the sale, and members of Congress nod along.
Senator Rand Paul wants this to change. In a short interview with Foreign Policy, the junior senator from Kentucky made it known that they are not at all happy with the Obama administration selling over $1 billion worth of tanks to the Saudis. To Paul, refusing to accept this evidence in deference to another weapons sale defies common sense. “I will work with a bipartisan coalition to explore forcing a vote on blocking this sale,” Paul said. “Saudi Arabia is an unreliable ally with a poor human rights record. We should not rush to sell them advanced arms and promote an arms race in the Middle East.”
This isn't the first time that Paul has tried to get Congress to intervene on weapons sales. They and Democratic Senator Chris Murphy coauthored a bipartisan bill that would have required the president to certify to Congress that the Saudis were “taking all feasible precautions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians” in Yemen before any sale of air-to-ground munitions transfer could be approved. A month later, Paul forced a short floor debate on a proposed sale of F-16 fighter aircraft to Pakistan. Although their attempt to block the sale failed, they managed to achieve a much-needed discussion on U.S. arms export policy, which has been the strict purview of the executive branch for decades.
RELATED: Rand Paul says Hillary Clinton should be indicted
Unfortunately for Paul and their colleagues of like mind, blocking any further weapons shipments to Saudi Arabia will likely fail by a margin just as lopsided as the F-16 vote. Despite recent trouble in the relationship, the U.S. still views the Saudis as an indispensable ally in a region that seems to grow more turbulent by the day.
Paul, however, should be saluted for making the attempt. It's past time Congress considered whether the United States has any business taking sides in a Yemeni civil war whose combatants are violating humanitarian law and wantonly killing civilians without ever being held to account.
Astronomy Bio...Milton Humason
Jay Bitterman
Milton Lasell Humason was an American astronomer famous for their investigation, at Mount Wilson Observatory, into distant galaxies. Born at Dodge Center, Minnesota on August 19, 1891. They died suddenly at their home near Mendocino, California, on June 18, 1972.
When they were 14 their parents sent them to a summer camp on Mount Wilson and because they enjoyed it, they obtained permission from their parents to take a year off school and return there. Their "year" was extended well beyond twelve months and they became one of astronomy's most notable educational dropouts. Sometime between 1908 and 1910, after they dropped out from higher education, they became a mule driver for the packtrains that traveled the trail between the Sierra Madre and Mount Wilson during construction work on the Observatory. They brought up much of the timber and other building materials for the telescope's supporting structure, the local cottages and the scientists' quarters.
They became engaged and married the daughter of the Observatory's engineer them in 1911. In the same year they gave up their job as a packtrain driver and went to be supervisor on a relative's range in La Verne. But they still loved Mount Wilson and in 1917, when a janitor was leaving, their father-in-law suggested that this would be an opportunity to better himself. So Humason initially joined the staff of Mount Wilson Observatory as a janitor. Their position was soon raised to night assistant. In 1919 George Hale, the Director of the Observatory at the time, recognized Humason's unusual ability as an observer and was appointed to the scientific staff. There was considerable opposition to this appointment, partly because Humason had no formal education after the age of 14 and partly because they were the Observatory engineer's son-in law
From 1919 to 1954 Humason was Assistant Astronomer and then Astronomer at both the Mount Wilson and Palomar Observatories. In 1947 they were appointed Secretary of the Observatories, a position which involved them in handling public relations and administrative duties. In 1950 they were awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Philosophy by the University of Lund in Sweden.
They were a quiet, friendly man who was often consulted on administrative and personal problems. At Mount Wilson Observatory they were extensively involved in a study of the properties of galaxies that was started by Edwin Hubble. In 1928 the research program began and consisted of making a series of systematic spectroscopic observations to test and extend the relationship that Hubble had established between the red shifts and the apparent magnitudes of galaxies. But because of the low surface brightness of galaxies there were many technical difficulties. With the use of the Rayton lens and the solid block Schmitt camera it became possible to obtain a spectrum of a galaxy too faint to be picked up visually with the telescope in use. The method was to photograph the field containing the galaxy and accurately measure the position of its image with respect to two or more bright stars. Guide microscopes were then set up at the telescope with exactly the same offsets from the slit of the spectrograph. It was a tedious task and often took several nights of exposure to produce a spectrum on a 12.7 mm (half-inch) plate.
Humason undertook this exacting program and personally developed a technique for determining the exposures and plate measurements. During the period from 1930 until their retirement in 1957, they measured the velocities of 620 galaxies. They used the 100-inch (2.5 m) telescope. When the 200 inch (5 m) Hale telescope was available the program was shifted. Humason's results were published jointly with those of N.U. Mayall and A. R. Sandage in "Redshifts and Magnitudes of Extragalactic Nebulae", which appeared in the Astronomical Journal of 1956. This data still represents the majority of known values of radial velocities for normal galaxies, including most of the large values.
Humason applied the techniques they had developed for recording spectra of faint objects to the study of supernovae, old novae that were well past peak brightness, and faint blue stars (including white dwarfs). During their studies on galaxies they discovery the Comet 1961e which is notable for its large perihelion distance and its four-year period of visibility with remarkable changes in it's form.
Humason will be remembered for their ability to handle instruments with meticulous care and great skill. They also provided criteria for studying various models of the Universe.  They are internationally famous for their work on galaxies and, in spite of their lack of formal training, won a leading role in American astronomy.
Published in the August 1999 issue of the NightTimes
German social democrats prepare a new austerity agenda
By Ulrich Rippert
15 March 2013
For the first time since the end of their chancellorship eight years ago, Gerhard Schröder addressed the SPD parliamentary group in Berlin on Tuesday. They took advantage of the tenth anniversary of their Agenda 2010 program to justify the anti-social policies of their coalition government. The assembled SPD leadership applauded them and celebrated the Hartz laws as a success.
SPD leader Sigmar Gabriel agreed with Schröder: “The Agenda 2010 was very successful.” Chancellor candidate Peer Steinbrück criticized the “occasionally detached attitude” of sections of the SPD to this “epochal reform”. They stressed that the SPD should have dealt with the agenda with much more self-confidence and pride. SPD parliamentary leader Frank-Walter Steinmeier declared that Schröder's agenda policies had prevented Germany from declining to the level of Italy, France and Spain, which all face enormous problems in the euro crisis.
The SPD has deliberately opened its campaign for this year's federal election with these eulogies to Agenda 2010. It is reminding the business associations and financial aristocracy that it was an SPD government in alliance with the Greens which introduced cuts to social spending that far exceeded any measures taken by conservative governments, before or after.
The SPD is attacking the Merkel government from the right and accusing them of doing nothing. According to the Social Democrats, Angela Merkel and their Free Democratic Party coalition partner have sought to exploit the success of social democratic austerity for big business and neglected the “reform of social systems”—i.e. further social cuts.
Schröder and the SPD leadership are now calling for an Agenda 2020. Germany could only defend its lead over emerging economic powers such as Brazil and China “if we work hard on our competitiveness,” the former chancellor declared.
Competitiveness with China and Brazil means starvation wages for German workers and dismantling the welfare system.
The Agenda 2010 and Hartz laws have already had devastating social consequences. Following a year of unemployment laid-off workers lose all of their former benefits and are completely dependent on measly welfare payments of 382 euros per month. At the same time they are forced to use up all their savings. Hartz welfare recipients must accept any job they are offered even if it bears no relation to their qualifications or previous earning level.
According to a study by the Joint Welfare Association, whoever ends up in the Hartz IV trap has little chance of avoiding poverty. The prospect of dependence on Hartz IV compels those who have lost their jobs to take low-wage employment, often of a temporary or part-time nature. The legalization of such precarious jobs was the aim of the Agenda 2010. This has led to a dramatic increase in poverty and has been used to create an ever-expanding low-wage sector.
The result of the Agenda 2010 was the creation of a second labour market, characterized by temporary, contract work, paying low wages and lacking any social protection and rights. Just 29 of the 42 million employed workers in Germany have some form of social insurance. 5.5 million are working part-time and 4.1 million earn less than 7 euros an hour. The total of 4.5 million dependent on welfare includes 1.4 million who are employed but do not earn enough to cover their living expenses.
The Social Democrats' Agenda 2020 is designed to intensify these social attacks. They are working hand in hand with a criminal financial elite that has plundered social resources in the name of the bank bailout and is now using the debt crisis to eliminate all the social concessions made by the ruling class since the end of Second World War.
What remains of the European welfare state—contractual wages, statutory protection against dismissal, paid sick leave, statutory maternity leave, state pensions, health and accident insurance—is now to be wiped out in the name of international competitiveness.
Business associations are applauding. The Handelsblatt (Germany's economic and finance newspaper) ran an article last week titled: “The new agenda of the SPD.” The article begins with the words “On its tenth anniversary former Chancellor Schröder praised the Agenda 2010. In this spirit the SPD's chancellor candidate, Peer Steinbrück, used the opportunity to embrace entrepreneurs.”
Then follows a report on Schröder's appearance at an “internal meeting of money managers and investment advisors” from the investment company DWS Deutsche Bank held in the luxurious ambience of the Old Opera House in Frankfurt-Main. With assets of 269 billion euros, DWS Investment is one of the world's leading investment companies.
“This is the company former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder loves. And they really turns in a show,” according to Handelsblatt editor Steingart. Schröder defended the cuts in social spending and stressed the importance at the time not only of economic expertise, but also of leadership. Schröder described the massive demonstrations against their policy agenda as “conservative unwillingness to reform,” which could not be yielded to under any circumstances.
To the applause of the assembled managers Schröder stressed: “But that is the characteristic of political responsibility: We must have the strength to want and be capable of enforcing what is necessary. Even at the cost of losing power.”
This is the language of dictatorship. The SPD is offering its services to the financial elite as a party willing to impose intensified social cuts regardless of the will of the voters, and to conduct a social counter-revolution in close cooperation with the trade unions against all popular opposition.
A few days after the end of their chancellorship Gerhard Schröder took over as chairperson of the supervisory board of the North European Gas Pipeline on behalf of the Russian Gazprom group Company (NEGPC) with a salary of a quarter of a million euros. In this respect they are a typical representative of leading layers of the SPD and trade unions. These corrupt bureaucratic figures lack any social or democratic scruples and are openly hostile to the working population.
The mood music to the Social Democratic Agenda 2020 consists of left-sounding phrases written into the official election platform by the cynics in the SPD headquarters in Berlin. Under the headline “More democracy and social justice,” the SPD criticizes the “social imbalance” which they created and calls for a national minimum wage, social justice, a wealth tax, suspending plans to extend the retirement age to 67, more opportunities in education, etc. etc.
For their part Schröder made clear what the SPD leadership thinks of such promises when they informed the finance sharks in the Opera House that they had made it a principle not to read election programs when they were politically active. Their audience was suitably amused. When they were elected chancellor in 1998 Schröder tore up their party's election program and put it in the shredder. A future SPD administration will do the same. The only purpose of the current program is to dupe voters.
For its part the Left Party faithfully follows the right wing turn of the SPD. Ten years ago many members and voters of the SPD turned their backs on the party in disgust and supported the construction of the WASG (Electoral Alternative for Work and Social Justice) which a short time later merged with the post-Stalinist Party of Democratic Socialism to form the Left Party, thereby providing a refuge for disillusioned social democrats. Now the Left Party is offering its services to secure a majority for the SPD, irrespective of the Agenda 2020.
One of the first decisions of the new leadership of the Left Party, Katja Kipping and the union bureaucrat Bernd Riexinger, was not to put up posters with the slogan “Hartz IV must go” for future elections.
Now the Left Party is going one step further. In early March the party's deputy parliamentary leader Dietmar Bartsch met with Wolfgang Clement, the architect of the SPD agenda policy. Alongside Clement, the former Labour Minister of the Schröder government and current supporter of the neo-liberal FDP, Bartsch declared that Agenda 2010 was “not just negative” for Germany. The core of the Hartz laws, the combination of unemployment and welfare benefits, must be considered as a positive step. When asked how they stand on the issue of temporary agency work, which the Left Party declares it would prohibit, Bartsch answered that they had “a somewhat different view.”
The turn to the right by the SPD, Left Party and the trade unions is their reaction to the extreme intensification of class antagonisms in Europe. Given the extent of the attacks by the financial elite on the social rights of European workers these parties and the trade unions can no longer limit themselves to stifling social resistance. They are now preparing to implement a new Agenda 2020 and a new round of anti-welfare legislation.
AccuWeather for Android Wear puts detailed forecasts on your wrist
By Killian Bell
AccuWeather has become the latest Android app to support the Android Wear platform, and it could well be the best wearable weather app so far. Rather than an incredibly brief description of the current climate like Wear offers by default, AccuWeather provides detailed forecasts with temperatures, precipitation information, and even alerts.
If you aren't already using AccuWeather on Android and you're a Wear watch owner, this is a great reason to switch. It doesn't just deliver a series of cards like other Wear services — it's an actual app that boasts a series of screens that provide different information.
One shows the current forecast and temperature — with highs and lows; one shows precipitation information for the next hour; one shows an hourly forecast for the day ahead; and another displays local weather alerts. It's not quite everything you get inside the full-size AccuWeather app, but it's still the most detailed weather app for Wear.
And what's great about AccuWeather for Wear is that it comes with both the free and premium versions of AccuWeather for Android, so it won't cost you a penny. Get it now from Google Play by following the link below.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) plans to snub the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) this year, and won't show up at all, Breitbart News has learned exclusively.
CPAC is hosted by the American Conservative Union (ACU) in National Harbor, Maryland, just outside Washington, D.C. In 2016, the conference will be held right after Super Tuesday from March 2 until March 5.
That Rubio is skipping the pre-eminent annual conservative gathering of thousands of activists in a presidential election year is extraordinarily telling about the direction of their campaign as the entire Washington establishment aligns behind them in a last-ditch desperate bid to stop billionaire frontrunner Donald Trump. Both Trump and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), as well as Dr. Ben Carson, have previously confirmed their attendance at CPAC this year—and each has attended the gathering in the past several years. Rubio did, alongside their mentor former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, appear at the 2015 CPAC.
The ACU said in a statement provided exclusively to Breitbart News:
Although, Marco Rubio has built a conservative record and has a high ACU rating, they and their campaign have made a rookie mistake. Today the Rubio campaign informed ACU's chairperson that their candidate is unwilling to make time to meet with activists and answer their questions at CPAC 2016. Sen. Rubio cannot have it both ways: they cannot hope to be the inspirational leader of conservatives and at the same time hide at the very moments when activists who comprise the heart and soul of the movement assemble and organize. For 43 years CPAC has been that critical moment, and in this year's conference will be the biggest yet. Ronald Reagan came to CPAC 13 times; they launched their national political career from CPAC and our theme this year comes from President Reagan's first public address after their 1980 election. That theme is ‘Our Time is Now.' Reagan's words ring even truer today than when Reagan first said them. If we do not carry the country in 2016 America will be a different nation. But if conservatives are not central to the effort we will fail before we even begin. We also appreciate those candidates and former candidates who have made CPAC 2016 a priority: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ben Carson, Scott Walker and Carly Fiorina (our former Foundation Chair.) They honor Reagan's legacy and they honor the thousands of conservative activists who will spend significant resources to travel to CPAC to learn, be inspired, and eventually vote in our straw poll for the person they want to carry the Reagan torch.
Previously, when announcing the news exclusively with Breitbart News that Trump and Cruz–as well as Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett Packard CEO who dropped out of the presidential race already–were going to be speaking at CPAC 2016, ACU chairperson Matt Schlapp noted how important this year is for conservative activists.
“This is the year of the conservative grassroots activist,” Schlapp said then. “We need to restore and protect our Constitutional freedoms and put a stop to Obama's liberal run-away train. Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Carly Fiorina are each battling to represent conservatives in the nomination contest, and CPAC 2016 will allow activists to hear their vision.”
What's perhaps most troubling for Rubio is that the senator has been pushing a theme as though they are the next in line to carry the mantle of Ronald Reagan's legacy. But their decision to abdicate conservatism by skipping this conference comes as their record comes under close scrutiny from both Trump and Cruz, from federal immigration law enforcement officers, and from conservatives nationwide who wonder why they made the decision in 2013 to work with pro-amnesty interests in the Democratic Party, including the party's liberal standard-bearer Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on the “Gang of Eight” immigration bill. Rubio's record in favor of Obamatrade—he was the critical 60th vote to secure passage of the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) that paves the way for easy passage of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) Pacific rim trade deal—has also come under scrutiny as the senator and their team repeatedly refuse to provide any full accounting for when and if they actually read the text of the deal they voted to fast-track before they made that vote.
The group has consistently gathered in or around Washington, D.C., every year for decades—and the road to the White House for any Republican presidential candidate goes through CPAC. More than 11,000 people attended CPAC in 2015, according to ACU and CPAC communications director Ian Walters, but even more are expected to attend in 2016. Rubio's decision to let down more than 10,000 of the party's hardest core conservative activists at a time when they need them most isn't likely to play well, but again the bigger thing is CPAC's focus on its roots of electing Reagan to the White House this year—and Rubio's decision to abandon Reagan's legacy in practice, while in campaign speeches attempt to capture that same legacy that he's snubbing.
The theme of CPAC this year is based upon President Ronald Reagan's 1981 CPAC address: “Our Time Is Now.”
“Our time is now. Our moment has arrived,” President Reagan told the conservative gathering in 1981. “We stand together shoulder to shoulder in the thickest of the fight.”
“Reagan's sentiment reflects the urgency for grassroots activists to come together once again to work toward enacting conservative, limited-government solutions to today's problems, all of which have been aggravated by Obama's policies,” a CPAC release previously provided to Breitbart News reads. “This year's theme builds upon last CPAC's theme, ‘Conservative Action Starts Here,' by urging the people we trained and activated at CPAC to help restore the ideas and ideals of our nation's founding.”
Last year, Rubio praised the importance of the conservatives at CPAC. “I'm happy to be back at CPAC for the fifth time—the first time was back in 2010 when I was 50 points down in the polls and the only people who thought I could win my Senate race all lived in my home,” Rubio said to open their speech in 2015. “Four of them were under the age of eight at the time. But I'm glad to be back with you on the eve of the most important election in my lifetime. November of 2016 is not going to be a choice about whom the next president is alone; the question before us in November 2016 is what kind of country are we going to be?”
Rubio's decision to abandon the Reagan-focused CPAC comes as, in their recent concession speech to Donald Trump after Trump's 10-point-landslide victory over him, Rubio attempted to claim Reagan's mantle. Rubio said in their concession speech:
Tonight here in South Carolina, the message is pretty clear. This country is now ready for a new generation of conservatives to guide us into the 21st century. … 36 years ago, this nation faced a period of doubt. After a failed presidency, it felt like America was in decline. Our economy was stagnant, and the American Dream felt like it was slipping away. And then we elected a president that inspired us, a president who asked us to remember who we were, and who believed, as we do, that America's greatest days always lie ahead. Ronald Reagan made us believe that it was morning in America again, and it was. Well, now the children of the Reagan Revolution are ready to assume the mantle of leadership. Now, those of us who grew up when it was morning in America, and Ronald Reagan was in the White House, are ready to do for our generation — are ready to do for the next generation what Ronald Reagan did for ours.
What's more, this comes as questions begin emerging about whether Rubio can even win anywhere in the United States in the GOP nominating contests, even with the entire GOP establishment behind him. The Washington Post on Monday detailed how Rubio doesn't really have much of a pathway to victory in any of the remaining 47 states that have yet to vote, after Rubio suffered stinging losses in Iowa's caucuses and in the New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries.
“We have not set our March schedule yet,” Alex Conant, Rubio's communications director, replied when asked why Rubio is skipping CPAC.
Bowen Islanders are mounting a fight against B.C. government plans that could one day result in logging in their community.
B.C. Timber Sales,which provides price benchmarks for wood harvested from public land, is currently working on a new Forest Stewardship Plan (FSP) that includes 1,414 hectares of forest on the sleepy Gulf island — nearly a third of Bowen's total area.
The news came as a surprise to many on the island, according to Mayor Murray Skeels.
"These are blocks that touch on numerous residential neighbourhoods, right up against Crippen Park, right up against the ecological reserve," Skeels told The Early Edition on Thursday.
"It's right on top of the watersheds."
A notice in the local newspaper earlier this month invited residents to a July 30 meeting on the proposed FSP, a planning document that "shows the location of forest development units and provides the results, strategies and measures that the plan holders will follow for government's objectives for various forest and resource values."
The notice has produced significant anxiety in the community of about 3,600 people.
"There's been a lot of forest companies over the years that could have come to Bowen, could have come to the Crown land," Skeels said.
"Nobody else has ever seen it as feasible."
No logging imminent: B.C. government
Hundreds of people have already signed an online petition against logging on the island, and residents are already putting in orders for T-shirts declaring "Protect Our Crown Jewels" and "Hands off Bowen's Bush."'
But according to Tom Johnson of B.C. Timber Sales, no logging would happen on Bowen without community consultation. They described the FSP as a "high level overview" that only identifies potential logging sites.
"Subsequent approval of a Forest Stewardship Plan does not mean logging is imminent, and it covers areas of potential future harvest. Having an approved Forest Stewardship Plan is the first step in the process," Johnson said in a written statement.
"Should BCTS decides to pursue logging at some time in the future on Bowen Island, it would undertake additional consultation with the community and would prepare an operational plan which would reflect input from residents of Bowen Island."
Johnson says even if the area was opened to logging, harvesting would never happen on the full 1,414 hectares identified in the proposed FSP. They say less than one per cent of B.C.'s harvestable land area is logged every year.
Gibbs said Sunday that the administration should 'lift the veil' on the issue. Gibbs: I was told not to talk drones
Former White House press secretary Robert Gibbs says they were instructed when they joined the administration not to “acknowledge” the existence of America's drones program.
“When I went through the process of becoming press secretary, one of the first things they told me was, you're not even to acknowledge the drone program,” they said Sunday on MSNBC's “Up With Chris Hayes.” “You're not even to discuss that it exists.”
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Pro, con: Best quotes about drones)
Gibbs, who stressed that they were speaking only for himself, called that dynamic “crazy” and said that the lack of transparency surrounding the drones program “undermines” broader confidence in government.
“Here's what's inherently crazy about that proposition,” they said. “You're being asked a question based on reporting of a program that exists. So you're the official government spokesperson acting as if the entire program … pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. I think in many ways and I think what the president has seen — and I have not talked to them about this, I want to be careful. This is my opinion. But I think what the president has seen is our denial of the existence of the program when it's obviously happening undermines people's confidence overall in the decisions that their government makes.”
They called for lifting “the veil” on the issue.
“And in order to bolster that confidence and bolster the belief that we're making those correct decisions on this policy, you do have to lift the veil some to both acknowledge that it exists, as [Obama's] done, but also to do it in a way that provides better understanding,” Gibbs said.
At 10 a.m. a day earlier, a team of seven from Rogers had made a breathtaking pitch to the NHL commissioner at the league's offices in New York: Rogers wanted to control all NHL hockey in Canada, sweeping TSN and CBC away.
Scott Moore, former president of CBC Sports and now president of broadcasting for Rogers Media, was in the front seat of the SUV. Rogers CEO Nadir Mohamed was behind them and Keith Pelley, president of Rogers Media, was in the back, according to Moore.
Their 90-minute presentation to the NHL went very well, so well that they had left with a handshake deal. Rogers and the NHL intended to announce a 12-year, $5.2 billion deal to lock up exclusive NHL broadcast rights that cut out the CBC and Bell Media-owned sports specialty station TSN and would have ended Hockey Night in Canada .
By 6 p.m. last Wednesday, members of the Rogers team were in an SUV on the way to the airport. They were barely able to contain their excitement.
In an interview with the Star, CBC lead negotiators Jeffrey Orridge and Neil McEneaney described what happened in the next few days.
Early Thursday morning, Bettman contacted Hubert Lacroix, president of the CBC, who was in Montreal, and set up a conference call for 2 p.m. that day.
The CBC did not yet know that the next 72 hours would reshape its destiny and the hockey landscape across Canada.
Moore yelled back at Pelley, “Keith, remember when we got to Sportsnet three years ago and we said we wanted to be Canada's No. 1 sports media brand, and everyone laughed? And Nadir piped up and said, ‘Guys, no one's going to be laughing now.”'
When 2 p.m. arrived on Thursday, three people were on the call from the CBC: Lacroix, Orridge and McEneaney.
“All we knew was the commissioner wanted to speak to us on a conference call,” McEneaney said.
The CBC's exclusive negotiating window with the NHL had closed at the end of August and the CBC had submitted what they considered “a very aggressive bid,” Orridge said.
They got a rude awakening. “What if the NHL has decided to go with a single party to acquire all the rights?” Bettman asked the CBC contingent. And then they answered their own question: “That's what we're going to do.”
Bettman didn't mention names but said they would like the CBC to speak to that third party, who Bettman called a “gatekeeper.”
At the end of the call, “(Bettman) said, ‘Keith Pelley will call you,'” McEneaney explained.
Both men knew Pelley well. Five minutes later, Pelley called them and said, “We need to chat.”
It was about 2:30 p.m.
Pelley said that he, Moore and chief sales officer Jack Tomik were going to jump in a cab and pay them a visit. When they got to the CBC headquarters on Front St., they signed non-disclosure agreements.
Thursday, 3:30 p.m.
The three executives from Rogers met with McEneaney, Orridge and Jacques Gaboury, the CBC's legal counsel.
The CBC folks sat down and outlined some of their thoughts about what the relationship could look like related to the Saturday night broadcasts.
The Rogers execs said they had a deal in principle and were very close to finalizing it, and their plan was to announce the deal on Tuesday.
But the news was going to get worse. “Keith said, we need a deal by Saturday. I'm going like, ‘Saturday? In two days?'” McEneaney said. “We knew we had to get down to business.”
Rogers was clear in what they offered, laying out the terms. They needed to finish the deal quickly, and the CBC was coming to the talks very late.
Negotiations were on. The CBC had to respond.
Thursday, 5 p.m.
The meeting between Rogers and the CBC concluded. The next step was to get something on paper as the CBC hadn't seen anything in writing. A meeting was set for 1 p.m. the next day at the Intercontinental Hotel in downtown Toronto.
Thursday from 5 p.m. to 2 a.m.
CBC executives Orridge and McEneaney knew this was going to be a long night. They ordered pizza and called in members of the negotiating team.
The CBC had to analyze the terms of the proposals. There was no wiggle room: there would be one rights holder and it wouldn't be the CBC.
Rogers coveted Hockey Night in Canada. Both the CBC and Rogers had a high degree of trust, and the CBC said that had that trust not been in place, the deal could have fallen through right then.
Some CBC people left at midnight, others at 2 a.m. as they documented what they understood and put together a counter-proposal. They had to figure out what this meant for the CBC, so they could get back to the corporation's president. Lacroix was still in Montreal and all they knew was that Rogers had an agreement in principle with the NHL, but they didn't know what it was.
Friday, 1 p.m., the Intercontinental
The CBC met with one of the three Rogers people at 1 p.m. Another meeting was scheduled for 3 p.m. with a larger group from Rogers. At the 1 p.m. meeting, CBC negotiators found the discussion wasn't going as smoothly as they had expected. They broke up about 2:30 p.m. after the CBC aired a number of concerns.
Friday, 3 p.m., the Intercontinental
Scott Moore, Keith Pelley and their legal team met with three people from the CBC: McEneaney, Orridge and Gaboury. The talks evolved at a more accelerated pace, and there was more of an understanding, according to the CBC. The meeting went until 5 p.m.
McEneaney suggested to Pelley that they should fly to Montreal to “see the whites of Hubert Lacroix's eyes” if they were to be partners and if they were to present themselves as partners on stage at the announcement. Pelley agreed.
Friday, 6:30 p.m.
The CBC briefed Lacroix in Montreal, and CBC negotiators returned to the headquarters to do more analysis.
Friday 6:30 p.m. to 2 a.m.
CBC negotiators ordered in Chinese food at the headquarters on Front St. and prepared for another long night to do the heavy lifting. The CBC had a framework for a counter-proposal, but there were a number of outstanding issues. They were trying to get something on paper to present to the CBC president in Montreal and the board.
Saturday morning
Orridge was coaching their 8-year-old son's rep basketball team in a weekend Toronto tournament. McEneaney was in Huntsville with their 15-year-old son's minor-midget hockey team. Over the course of the day, they were in constant phone contact with each other and other Rogers officials. They were still trying to work out the details of the deal. Orridge had to leave their son's game to find a quiet spot to talk and arrange conference calls with Rogers. Meanwhile, McEneaney left the hockey game and sat in a parking lot to engage in talks with Orridge and Rogers officials. A lot of the conversations were with Moore at Rogers.
Saturday night, 7:30-10 p.m.
While Hockey Night in Canada aired a game between the Maple Leafs and the Washington Capitals, the larger strategic CBC group reconvened by phone, with five or six people going over the deal. A key person on the CBC team was going to take their son to the Leafs game, but cancelled. The CBC strategic team spent more than two hours on the phone hashing over the details that Rogers had presented and deciding on how the CBC was going to respond. Orridge missed a fundraiser.
Sunday morning
The exchange of documents finally took place. The lawyers drafted and sifted through the language. Orridge was 90 minutes away in King City as their son's rep basketball tournament continued. Orridge left in the middle of the game so they could talk by phone with Rogers and McEneaney, who was still in Huntsville at their son's hockey tournament.
Sunday, 10:30 a.m.
In Montreal, Lacroix was taking their two daughters to gym class. They had a telephone conversation with Mohamed, the departing CEO of Rogers.
Sunday night, Montreal
Pelley, president of Rogers Media, flew to Montreal to meet with Lacroix. Lacroix told Pelley they would meet them at the Starbucks at Dorval Airport. When Pelley landed, Lacroix bought them a Christmas cookie in the shape of a snowman to honour them for their efforts to fly to meet him. They talked for some time and Pelley didn't leave the airport. They flew back to Toronto.
Sunday, Toronto, 6- 11 p.m.
Orridge was driving back home while they continued to have conversations with McEneaney over the language in the proposal. Sunday night was crunch time because they were going to fly to Montreal the next day to present the four-year deal to Lacroix and the board. The final deal was getting closer, but some fine details remained. There were no dinners with their families while they were on the phone reviewing the documents, making changes and confirming things with their legal counsel. The documents were exchanged in password-protected emails.
Monday, 8 a.m.
Orridge, McEneaney and CBC lawyer Jacques Gaboury flew to Montreal to present the deal to Lacroix and the CBC board. The board meeting was at 2 p.m. They still had to reconvene by phone with Rogers and time was ticking away. The legal counsels for both sides were on the phone.
Monday, 12:50 p.m.
Finally, signatures were put on the legal documents and the deal was finalized. The 2 p.m. board meeting was just over an hour away. At the same time, they were updating other correspondence so they could walk the board through the deal, explaining how the relationship with Rogers would work. The announcement was planned for Tuesday morning at 11 a.m.
For 3 ½ hours, the deal was presented to the CBC's 12-person board of directors. The negotiators explained what it meant to the CBC, what it meant to their partners, what it meant to the overall strategy. Lead negotiators McEneaney and Orridge left so the board could discuss the deal in private. The lead negotiators strongly recommended they accept the deal from Rogers and it was subsequently approved.
“We thought there were a lot of advantages for the CBC and Rogers is a great partner,” McEneaney said. “We felt this was the right thing to do for the CBC.”
1988 studio album by Woody Guthrie
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating Allmusic [1]
The Columbia River Collection, originally released as the Columbia River Ballads, is a compilation album of songs folksinger Woody Guthrie wrote during their visit to the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington in 1941. Guthrie traveled to these states on the promise of a part narrating a documentary about the construction of public works dams and other projects in the Pacific Northwest. The documentary never came to fruition, but 17 of the 26 songs they wrote during this period were compiled and released as this collection, including some of their most famous songs, such as "Roll on Columbia", "Grand Coulee Dam", "Hard Travelin'," and "Pastures of Plenty." [2]
"I pulled my shoes on and walked out of every one of these Pacific Northwest Mountain towns drawing pictures in my mind and listening to poems and songs and words faster to come and dance in my ears than I could ever get them wrote down."[3] Guthrie's introduction in the Columbia River Songbook
Production [ edit ]
The Columbia, a documentary about the Video: In 1941 Guthrie wrote songs for, a documentary about the Columbia River released in 1949. Playing time 21:10.
In May 1941, after a brief stay in Los Angeles, Guthrie moved to Portland, Oregon, in the neighborhood of Lents, on the promise of a job. Gunther von Fritsch was directing a documentary about the Bonneville Power Administration's construction of the Grand Coulee Dam on the Columbia River, and needed a narrator. Alan Lomax had recommended Guthrie to narrate the film and sing songs onscreen. The original project was expected to take 12 months, but as the filmmakers became worried about casting such a political figure, they minimized Guthrie's role. The United States Department of the Interior hired them for one month to write songs about the Columbia River and the construction of the federal dams for the documentary's soundtrack. Guthrie toured the Columbia River and the Pacific Northwest. Guthrie said they "couldn't believe it, it's a paradise",[4] which appeared to inspire them creatively. In one month Guthrie wrote 26 songs, including three of their most famous: "Roll On, Columbia, Roll On", "Pastures of Plenty", and "Grand Coulee Dam".[5] The surviving songs were released as Columbia River Songs. The film Columbia was not completed until 1949.
Track listing [ edit ]
"Oregon Trail" "Roll on Columbia" "New Found Land" "Talking Columbia" "Roll Columbia, Roll" "Columbia's Waters" "Ramblin' Blues" "It Takes a Married Man to Sing a Worried Song" "Hard Travelin'" "The Biggest Thing That Man Has Ever Done" "Jackhammer Blues" "Song of the Coulee Dam" "Grand Coulee Dam" "Washington Talkin' Blues" "Ramblin' Round" "Pastures of Plenty" "End of My Line"
See also [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Track Listing of the Album from Woodyguthrie.org Woody Guthrie.org Retrieved on April 24, 2008
Muay Thai stars Buakaw Banchamek and Andrei Kulebin are fighting each other on Saturday, 10th December 2016 in Beirut, Lebanon.
None of these men needs introduction. Both are the Kings of Muay Thai for over a decade. Buakaw is an authentic representative of the Art of Eight Limbs. Kulebin is an eminent farang warrior. Both compete literally across the Planet.
Multiple times Buakaw and Kulebin fought on the same cards. The Champions of Champions in Jamaica saw Thai star defeating John Wayne Parr. Meanwhile Belarusian stopped Mosab Amrani. They also featured the final of Thai Fight in 2012. Buakaw battled Gurkov and Kulebin faced Singmanee. This is just to name a couple.
They fought in different weight classes with three kilograms in between. In 2014 the scales finally indicated the same number. The Topking event in Belarus kicked off the series of 70 kg tournaments. Thai legend took a decision over Chinese Zhang Chunyu. Local favorite earned an identical victory over Seyedisa Alamdarnezam from Iran.
The next saw Buakaw fighting Enriko Kehl and forfeiting K-1 title in Pattaya. It's featuring the Round 3 stoppage of Steve Moxon in Paris. They then had nine bouts in China. There they collected eight wins and one loss. The defeat was a bloodbath challenge against Khayal Dzhaniev.
Meantime Kulebin, in addition to a fight in Pattaya and Italian Verona, also mostly contested in China. All up they scored eight wins out of 12 fights. The WLF events saw them quite limited due to prohibited use of clinch and elbows. In July they won Kunlun tournament by the judges decision. They defeated Victor Nagbe and Diogo Neves.
It finally happens that Buakaw and Kulebin fight one another. The 70 kg Muay Thai match headlines Phoenix event this December in Beirut.
Promotion has not yet officially released the date of the event. However our source in Belarus indicates the 10th of December.
Ahead of the clash with Buakaw, on September 17th Kulebin is fighting French star Fabio Pinca in Paris.
America, like so many countries in the West, laments its strained relations with the Islamic world. In June, Pres. Barack Obama traveled to Cairo to speak against the “fear and mistrust” that exist between the West and Islam. Yet Muslim governments demand respect for Islam while refusing to offer similar respect for religious minorities within their own borders.
The recent Swiss vote to ban the construction of minarets in that European nation has become the latest controversy to generate Muslim protests worldwide. However, Islamic governments are in no position to complain about Western intolerance and “Islamophobia.” Most Muslim nations are repressive or offer only limited political freedom. More often than not, Islamic states violate basic human rights; and almost all persecute Christians, Jews, and other religious minorities.
Many authoritarian states — especially Communist or formerly Communist ones — violate religious liberty along with other freedoms in order to maintain political control. But Muslim nations are almost unique in their willingness to persecute religious minorities to promote religious ends, as is evident from the State Department's latest report on religious liberty abroad.
The State Department refers to “state hostility toward minority or non-approved religious groups,” as if different faiths randomly oppressed different faiths. However, Islam has distinguished itself with the willingness of governments and individuals to harass, attack, jail, and kill members of other religions. Even the most moderate and tolerant Islamic states often fall far short of respecting religious minorities. In Morocco, for instance, the government detained converts from Islam to Christianity, expelled Christian missionaries, and restricted “non-Islamic materials and proselytizing.” Many other Islamic states are far worse, however.
AFGHANISTAN
The U.S. expelled the Taliban government, but has not created a free society. Although the Karzai government responded to outside pressure and took some steps to improve religious liberty, explains State, “the residual effects of years of jihad against the former Soviet Union, Taliban rule, civil strife, popular suspicion regarding outside influence of foreigners, and still weak democratic institutions hindered the realization of this aspiration.” Relations among different Muslim sects “continued to be difficult”; non-Muslims face “harassment and occasional violence”; “most local Christians did not publicly state their beliefs or gather openly to worship.”
BRUNEI
In this small Islamic state respect for religious liberty has been falling. The State Department reports that “non-Muslims were prohibited from receiving religious education in private religious schools, which had previously been allowed.” Moreover, “across denominational lines, non-Muslim religious leaders stated that they were subjected to undue influence and duress, and some were threatened with fines and/or imprisonment. Active monitoring of churches and disruption of supply shipments and mail were reported.” The authorities also limited the use of literature and worship places by religious minorities.
EGYPT
Although progress was made in some areas, “The status of respect for religious freedom by the government declined somewhat,” reports State, “based on the failure to investigate and prosecute perpetrators of increased incidents of sectarian violence,” mostly against Coptic Christians. Moreover, the authorities “again failed to redress laws and governmental practices that discriminate against Christians, effectively allowing their discriminatory effects and their modeling effect on society to become further entrenched.” Christian converts from Islam were harassed and abused.
INDONESIA
The most populous Islamic nation, Indonesia long has reflected a more moderate variant of Islam. But Muslim extremists remain active and often unconstrained by the authorities. Reports State: “Ongoing government restrictions, particularly among unrecognized religions and sects of the recognized religions considered ‘deviant' were significant exceptions to respect for religious freedom.” Worse, the government sometimes “tolerated discrimination against and the abuse of religious groups by private actors and failed to punish perpetrators.” Those responsible are rarely punished. Moreover, “Some groups used violence and intimidation to forcibly shut at least nine churches and 12 Ahmadiyya mosques.”
IRAN
One of the uglier Islamic persecutors is Iran. The constitution nominally affirms the rights of “protected” religions — Christians, Jews, and Zoroastrians. However, in practice no non-Shi'a believer is safe. Explains the report: “Respect for religious freedom in the country continued to deteriorate. Government rhetoric and actions created a threatening atmosphere for nearly all non-Shi'a religious groups, most notably for Baha'is, as well as Sufi Muslims, evangelical Christians, and members of the Jewish community. Reports of government imprisonment, harassment, intimidation, and discrimination based on religious beliefs continued.” The state also promoted discrimination in the areas of education, employment, and housing. Iran is a Country of Particular Concern.
IRAQ
Tragically, liberating Iraq from Saddam Hussein meant liberating some of the worst sectarian passions, which they had brutally held in check. Roughly half of Iraq's historical Christian community has been displaced, many to Jordan and Syria, another secular Arab dictatorship. Although the government does not persecute, reports State, “violence conducted by terrorists, extremists, and criminal gangs restricted the free exercise of religion and posed a significant threat to the country's vulnerable religious minorities.” Although overall violence is down, Christians and other religious minorities continue to be targeted by radical Muslims.
MALAYSIA
This former British colony remains freer than Iran but not as free as Indonesia. Observes State: “Minority religious groups remained generally free to practice their beliefs; however, over the past several years, many have expressed concern that the civil court system has gradually ceded jurisdictional control to Sharia courts, particularly in areas of family law involving disputes between Muslims and non-Muslims.” Conversion from Islam is prohibited and, notes the department, “Religious minorities continued to face limitations on religious expression and alleged violations of property rights,” including prohibiting proselytizing of Muslims.
NIGERIA
The population is divided among Christian, Muslim, and traditional faiths. Although the national government does not persecute, a dozen “northern states use Sharia courts to adjudicate criminal and civil matters for Muslims,” notes State, and “local political actors stoked sectarian violence with impunity.” Although Christians are not free from all blame, the initiators more often have been Muslims and their victims more often have been Christians; there also have been reports of forced conversions to Islam as well as threats to extend Sharia law over non-Muslims.
PAKISTAN
Washington's ally in the war on terror is one of the least hospitable states for religious minorities. State notes “some positive steps to improve the treatment of religious minorities,” but Christians, Hindus, and Jews remain second-class citizens, if that. Explains the report: “Law enforcement personnel abused religious minorities in custody. Security forces and other government agencies did not adequately prevent or address societal abuses against minorities. Discriminatory legislation and the government's failure to take action against societal forces hostile to those who practice a different religious belief fostered religious intolerance, acts of violence, and intimidation against religious minorities.” Christians even risk execution if convicted of “blasphemy.”
SAUDI ARABIA
Another close U.S. ally, Saudi Arabia is among the globe's worst persecutors. At least Saudi Arabia makes no pretense. Explains the report, “Freedom of religion is neither recognized nor protected under the law and is severely restricted in practice.” Although the private practice of non-Sunni Islam is usually left alone, “This right was not always respected in practice and is not defined in law.” Moreover, explains State, “the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice (CPVPV) continued to conduct raids on private non-Muslim religious gatherings.” The repressive kingdom has been designated a Country of Particular Concern.
SOMALIA
No surprise, this wreckage of a nation with an Islamic majority is not a good host for religious minorities. Notes State: “The Transitional Federal Government (TFG) generally did not enforce legal protections of religious freedom.” Not that it probably could do so even if so inclined, given the rise in extremist militias, which “often imposed through violence a strict interpretation of Islam on communities under their control. There were also reports that individuals who do not practice Islam experienced discrimination, violence, and detention because of religious beliefs.”
SUDAN
This tragic nation, whose Muslim north long has warred against its animist and Christian south, also is inhospitable land for religious minorities. After years of violent conflict, an accord of sorts was reached, theoretically ensuring religious freedom in the south while favoring Islam in the north. State explains that, while the Government of National Unity “did not vigorously enforce its strictest restrictions on religious freedom, it generally did not respect religious plurality in the north.” There also “were some reports of societal abuses and discrimination based on religious affiliation, belief, or practice.” Sudan is another Country of Particular Concern.
TURKEY
Although the government generally respects freedom of religious practice, it restricts Islamic expression in education and official circumstances. Moreover, notes State, “Minority religious groups also faced difficulties in worshipping, registering with the Government, and training their followers,” as well as proselytizing. Further, “Threats against non-Muslims created an atmosphere of pressure and diminished freedom for some non-Muslim communities. Many Christians, Baha'is, and heterodox Muslims faced societal suspicion and mistrust, and some elements of society continued to express anti-Semitic sentiments.”
YEMEN
Yet another failed or semi-failed Islamic state, Yemen enshrines Islam as the state religion, holds Shari'a as the source of all law, bans conversion from Islam, and forbids proselytizing of Muslims. Although non-Muslims remain nominally free to otherwise practice their faiths, reports State, “There was a decrease in the status of respect for religious freedom by the government … , particularly with regard to the Baha'i and Jewish communities.” Private perpetrators of violence against religious minorities were not punished.
Washington's ability to aid religious minorities in other nations always will be limited. However, any Western dialogue with Islam must take into account the tendency of Islamic governments to persecute. For a start, the U.S. should suggest that Muslim governments that campaign against the “defamation” of religion start by respecting the freedom of conscience of those who live under their control. After all, murder is the ultimate form of defamation.
An explosion on Wednesday wounded Israeli soldiers who had crossed the border into Lebanon in a rare incident on the heavily guarded and volatile frontier, the Lebanese army said.
The army said in a statement that the Israeli force reached as far as 400 metres inside Lebanon. The statement said the army is investigating the nature of the pre-dawn blast, which occurred in the area of Labbouneh near the coastal town of Naqoura.
The Israeli military said earlier that an explosion near Israel's northern border wounded four soldiers.
The Lebanese army called the incident "a new violation of Lebanese sovereignty."
Lebanon's state-run National News Agency said the soldiers were wounded by a land mine about 150 metres inside Lebanon. (Google)
Israel fought a month-long conflict with the Iranian-backed Lebanese group Hezbollah in 2006 and sometimes there are cross-border attacks.
The 2006 conflict, that killed about 1,200 Lebanese and 160 Israelis, was triggered when Hezbollah guerrillas crossed into Israel and captured two Israeli soldiers.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wished the soldiers a speedy recovery while on a tour of a military base in the south of the country. "We will continue to act responsibly in order to defend Israel's borders," Netanyahu said.
The military said Wednesday that the soldiers were hurt during "overnight activity adjacent to the northern border." It did not say if they were injured in training or in combat, and refused to elaborate further. Israel borders both Lebanon and Syria on its north.
Lebanon's state-run National News Agency said the soldiers were wounded by a land mine about 150 metres inside Lebanon.
While Bernie Sanders still raised far more than Hillary Clinton from small donors in April, their overall fundraising dropped substantially from the previous two months. | AP Photo Sanders outraised Clinton in April after all New FEC reports contradict earlier claims, but also show Clinton building towards the general election.
Hillary Clinton entered this month with a healthy $30 million in the bank, but their campaign did not take in more money than Bernie Sanders' in April, contradicting earlier assessments and calling into question suggestions that their fundraising had overtaken their small-dollar fundraising juggernaut.
Clinton's main campaign committee directly received $25.1 million last month, compared with $26.9 million raised by Sanders' campaign, according to reports filed Friday afternoon with the Federal Election Commission.
Story Continued Below
Sanders' actual tally is slightly more than their campaign indicated earlier this month, when it put out a news release boasting of raising $25.8 million. A Sanders campaign source said the discrepancy resulted from the challenges of tallying huge numbers of small donations.
Meanwhile, Clinton's tally is slightly less than the $26.4 million that their campaign touted earlier this month. The discrepancy in their fundraising figures arises from the accounting techniques of a joint committee called the Hillary Victory Fund that their campaign formed with the Democratic National Committee and 32 state parties. In addition to the $4 million transferred by the Hillary Victory Fund to Clinton's campaign committee, Clinton's aides counted toward its April tally $1.8 million in expenses paid out by the fund for the Clinton campaign's share of joint fundraising costs.
Those funds were spent on behalf of their campaign, even though the money that paid for them was never transferred to the campaign, the Clinton campaign says. It has been assessing its finances that way since the formation of the victory fund last year, a spokesperson said, rejecting a suggestion that it's an effort to pad its bottom line.
But in April, the higher tally that resulted from the accounting method led to a slew of headlines, including in POLITICO, about Clinton outraising Sanders for the first time, which was seen as significant since Sanders' small-dollar online fundraising prowess has been a key advantage over Clinton.
While Sanders still raised much more than Clinton from small donors in April ($11 million to $5.5 million), their overall fundraising dropped substantially from the previous two months, as Clinton closed in on the Democratic Party nomination.
Clinton's campaign appeared to be preparing for the general election, spending far less than Sanders. They dropped $23.9 million in April, compared with $38.6 million for him. Sanders spent almost twice as much on media and payroll (despite a slightly smaller staff), as well as more on online advertising and direct mail.
As a result, Sanders entered this month with only $5.8 million in the bank, much less than Clinton's $30 million.
Clinton also made slight inroads with small donors who have favored their rival: 22 percent of the contributions to the campaign in April were in amounts less than $200, compared with 19 percent across the cycle. About 17 percent of their total income came from donors who hit the $2,700 limit and can't give again.
And Clinton's campaign raised an additional $9.5 million for various Democratic Party committees through the victory fund, though it has been criticized for purporting to help rebuild state parties while actually funneling cash to the DNC. The state parties in South Carolina, Arkansas and Tennessee reported receiving $176,000 each from the victory fund on April 25 but transferring the same amount to the DNC on the same day, continuing an earlier pattern of shuffling funds. The Georgia Democrats transferred $176,000 to the DNC.
Sanders also has a joint fundraising committee but hasn't used it much.
The mass uprising in Tunisia and the perspective of permanent revolution
17 January 2011
The events in Tunisia mark a turning point in world affairs. After decades of triumphant reaction and suppression of the class struggle, the eruption of mass protests and the end to 23 years of repressive rule by Zine El Abidine Ben Ali signal the emergence of a new era of revolutionary upheavals.
The Tunisian masses, however, are at only the initial stages of their struggle. As is already clear from the continuation of military violence under the new interim president, the working class faces immense dangers. The crucial question of revolutionary program and leadership remains unresolved. Without the development of a revolutionary leadership, another authoritarian regime will inevitably be installed to replace that of Ben Ali.
Of great objective significance is the sudden and rapid unfolding of the mass movement that brought down Ben Ali. What the West routinely hailed as among the most stable of Arab regimes, a bulwark in Northern Africa and the Middle East of capitalism and the interests of US and European imperialism, was revealed within a matter of weeks to be isolated, weak and rotten to the core.
The match that ignited the social tinderbox long building beneath the surface of political life was the self-immolation of a college graduate who could not find a regular job and was deprived by the authorities of their meager livelihood selling vegetables. This tragic event focused the anger of millions of youth and workers over pervasive unemployment, poverty, social inequality and the despotism and corruption of the ruling elite.
The social conditions that led to the eruption in Tunisia predominate throughout the Maghreb and the Middle East, and are increasingly confronting the working class in the advanced capitalist countries under conditions of a global economic crisis and a brutal offensive by the banks and corporations.
It is significant that Islamist forces played virtually no role in the mass protests. What is coming to the fore all over the world are the basic social and class issues that dominate economic and political life, superseding secondary and tertiary questions of religion, race and nationality.
The fall of Ben Ali came as a shock to the bourgeoisie of Tunisia and the rest of the Arab world, as well as to American and world imperialism. All the more worrying for them was the eruption of mass protests in neighboring Algeria and further to the east in Jordan.
No doubt the scenes of tens of thousands of workers and youth defying the military and police to pack downtown Tunis and demand an end to the dictatorship sent shivers down the spines of the bankers and speculators in New York, Paris, Frankfurt and the other centers of imperialist finance. When it comes to corruption and the contemptuous flaunting of wealth, no ruling elite takes a back seat to that of the United States.
The response of both the United States and Europe to the events in Tunisia has been utterly cynical and hypocritical. All of the imperialist capitals were well aware of the gross corruption of the Ben Ali regime.
One of the factors that contributed to the spread of the protests was the publication by WikiLeaks of cables from the US embassy in Tunis describing the Tunisian regime in scathing terms as a kleptocracy and dictatorship. The role of these cables in the eruption of social protest in Tunisia helps explain the hysterical response of the American ruling class to WikiLeaks' exposures.
Both the US and Europe chose to subordinate the predations of the Tunisian regime to their economic and geo-strategic interests. The European Union, and particularly the former colonial power France, have established extensive economic ties to Tunisia. The US has stepped up military and political aid to the dictatorship in return for its lining up behind Washington's “war on terror.”
These political and military relations expose the hollowness of American and European pretensions to defending human rights and promoting democracy.
As late as last week, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was telling an Arab satellite television audience that the United States was “not taking sides” in the Tunisian crisis. Only when it was clear that Washington's decades-long ally was on their way out did the US government change its tune, claiming to support the demonstrators and chastising the regime for excessive violence.
The real attitude of the American ruling class to the mass movement in Tunisia is one of implacable hostility, as indicated in a commentary by Jackson Diehl, a member of the editorial board of the Washington Post. Diehl wrote on Friday, “The most imminent threat to US interests in the Middle East, however, is not war; it is revolution.”
They added: “The violence has already migrated to Algeria, and Arab media are full of speculation of where the ‘Tunisia scenario' will appear next: Egypt? Jordan? Libya? All those countries are threatened by rapidly rising global prices for food and fuel; the United Nations warned last week of a ‘food price shock.'”
The events of the past week in Tunisia have once again revealed the immense social power and revolutionary potential of the working class. But the central weakness of the mass movement is the absence of a clear revolutionary perspective, program and leadership.
This enables the native bourgeoisie and its imperialist backers to regroup and forge new means for crushing popular opposition and defending Tunisian capitalism. With Ben Ali's departure having removed the most direct target of popular hatred, the Tunisian regime is already waging a counteroffensive. Under the cover of a “unity government” and promised elections, the state of emergency and curfew remain in place and police and soldiers continue to shoot down and arrest opponents of the regime.
The emergence of revolutionary struggle makes all the more critical the question of political consciousness, perspective and program. The history of Tunisia and the entire Middle East provides an emphatic confirmation of the world revolutionary strategy elaborated by Trotsky and the Fourth International on the basis of the perspective of permanent revolution.
As Trotsky explained, in opposition to Stalinism, social democracy and bourgeois nationalism, in the epoch of imperialism, the bourgeoisie in countries with a belated capitalist development are incapable of carrying out any of the basic tasks of the democratic revolution. Weak and dependent, tied by innumerable threads to foreign imperialism and native feudalist forces, the bourgeoisie of countries such as Tunisia is a thousand times more fearful of and hostile to the revolutionary force of the working class than it is to imperialism.
The history of Tunisia since independence in 1957 is a textbook example of the correctness of this historical prognosis. The national bourgeoisie has ruled with an iron hand, imposing poverty on the masses while opening up the Tunisian economy to the unfettered exploitation of the imperialist banks and corporations. The same is true in Algeria, where the National Liberation Front, which led the anti-colonial struggle in the 1960s, today attacks protesting workers and imposes “free market” policies for the benefit of the corrupt ruling elite and foreign banks and corporations.
All of the various nationalist movements, including those that formerly presented themselves as quasi-socialist, today collaborate with imperialism in the oppression of their own people. Neither Ba'athism, Nasserism, the Palestine Liberation Organization nor the Libyan variant has been able to address the issues of genuine independence from imperialism, unemployment, poverty and economic backwardness.
The response of the Arab League to the events in Tunisia has been to urge “calm” and “stability”—i.e., the suppression of the mass movement. Libya's Gaddafi openly defended Ben Ali against the demonstrators and warned of a new Bolshevik revolution.
Calls for a so-called “democratic revolution”—advanced in various forms by European pseudo-left groups—are a dead end. They want workers to press the regime to give more influence to official opposition parties and trade unions. However, none of these organizations have sought to mount a struggle against the regime or its right-wing policies. The General Union of Tunisian Labor (UGTT), which supported Ben Ali in the last two presidential elections, officially endorsed their free-market “reforms.”
The only viable program for the working class and oppressed masses of Tunisia and the entire Maghreb and Middle East is the program advanced by the International Committee of the Fourth International of socialist revolution. Only through the independent struggle of the working class, leading all of the oppressed sections of society against both the native bourgeoisie and imperialism, can democratic and social rights be won and social equality established as the foundation of political life.
This struggle cannot be conducted simply on a national scale. Trotskyist parties must be built throughout Northern Africa and the Middle East to unite the working masses under the banner of the United Socialist States of the Middle East and the Maghreb, as part of the world socialist revolution.
This struggle must be consciously linked up with the mounting struggles of workers in the advanced capitalist countries, many of which have large populations of Arab workers from Northern Africa and the Middle East.
Only on this internationalist basis can the divisions of religion, nationality and race—ceaselessly stoked up by imperialism and the bourgeoisie—be overcome and the social power of the working class mobilized to put an end to imperialist domination.
The ICFI has created the World Socialist Web Site as its daily organ to report and analyze political developments all over the world and provide the necessary perspective for the struggles of the working class internationally. We call on readers of the WSWS in Tunisia and throughout the Middle East to contact our web site. We call on all those who seek to put an end to dictatorship and exploitation in Tunisia and the entire region to take up the fight to build sections of the International Committee of the Fourth International.
World Socialist Web Site editorial board
World Socialist Web Site editorial board
To celebrate the birthday of the horror communities most iconic figures, Shout Factory is putting their John Carpenter catalog on sale!
Shout Factory is celebrating the long weekend. And it is by celebrating a Horror Master's birthday. A site-wide sale and special pricing on their John Carpenter catalog! It's a new year, so it's the perfect time to add to your collection too!
Shout! will have special deals on these John Carpenter Blu-rays: The Thing: Collector's Edition, Escape From New York: Collector's Edition, They Live: Collector's Edition, Prince Of Darkness: Collector's Edition, The Fog: Collector's Edition, Assault On Precinct 13: Collector's Edition, Body Bags: Collector's Edition, Village Of The Damned: Collector's Edition and Elvis. But they don't stop there! They are also offering a site-wide discount and free shipping when you spend $50 or more.
John Carpenter catalog will be on sale through the 16th! See prices below.
And if you'd like to beef up your collection with non-John Carpenter titles, the rest of the site* is on sale as well:
$50+ orders get 10% off and FREE U.S. shipping**
$100+ orders get 15% off and FREE U.S. shipping**
$250+ orders get 20% off and FREE U.S. shipping**
(These discounts apply to products not already on sale in the list below*)
FAQ
Sale begins 12:01 AM on 1/13/17 and ends at 11:59 PM on 1/16/17 (all times Pacific)
* The following titles are NOT eligible for this promotion: Up From The Depths, Time Walker, The Velvet Vampire, Message From Space (Blu-ray), all April pre-orders and the already-discounted John Carpenter catalog
** Free standard shipping to U.S. only
Sale offer is not combinable with other offers, including Shout! Factory free shipping or dollars off coupon
So head over to Shout! Factory and join in on the birthday goods.
Press Release Source: Scream Factory, Shout Factory
Save
PM vows never to let current flooding situation happen again, saying UK 'has to do better' in face of abnormal weather events
David Cameron convened a special cabinet committee on flooding for the first time on Thursday, when ministers were given an update on the extent of power and transport disruption caused by overnight storms.
The meeting had originally been called to discuss a longer-term government response to the floods crisis, but is also having to look at wider infrastructure disruption.
The meeting came as the shadow environment secretary, Maria Eagle, said spending on climate change adaptation and mitigation had been cut by 40% in the past year, a figure that the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs had revealed in freedom of information request. The environment minister was forced to admit that spending had been cut in the UK from £29.1m to £17.2m this year.
In a round of BBC regional radio interviews on Thursday morning, David Cameron pledged that they would not let the current flooding situation happen again, saying Britain "has to do better" in the face of abnormal weather events.
With warnings of more bad weather on the way, the prime minister admitted the UK's preparation for the storms and response to the flooding had not been good enough.
"We cannot let this situation happen again. Of course you get these abnormal weather events but we've got to do better as a country," they told BBC Somerset.
They also indicated they would talk to train companies about waiving rules on sitting in first-class carriages to ease overcrowding in some areas hit by rail disruption and encourage energy companies to be "socially responsible" about charges for those affected by the bad weather.
Pressed on more money for flood defences and dredging, the prime minister could not commit to firm plans but promised to look at what could be done "as the water comes down".
They criticised an "anti-dredging culture" that grew up in the Environment Agency in the 1990s, saying the practice now "has to be part of the picture" to prevent flooding.
They also appeared to contradict claims from the Environment Agency that spending rules prevented it from giving the go-ahead to some flood protection schemes.
Asked about delays to relief efforts, Cameron urged communities not to think twice about picking up the phone to bring in reinforcements from the military.
On Wednesday, Major General Patrick Sanders, assistant chief of the defence staff, said the military was trying to be "more proactive, rather than being reactive", following criticism in some areas about the length of time it had taken for troops to get involved.
"It's a really complicated problem in the face of an almost unparalleled natural crisis," they said. "We're already closely involved but there's much more we can do across the country. We stand ready to serve, whether that's specialist support, sandbags, relieving hard-stretched agencies."
Around 1,600 military personnel are on the ground dealing with the floods, with a further 500 on standby, to provide additional manpower and some specialist support. Another 3,000 troops are ready to act, including those from the navy and the Royal Air Force.
Sanders defended the role of the military, saying they had arrived in areas of need within a couple of hours of requests for help. "There is more we can do and we want to do more, so please use us," they said.
No 10 also said councils should not charge for sandbags after originally saying it was a matter for them to decide.
Cameron, speaking on BBC radio in the south-west, said energy companies should consider telling flood-hit customers that they would be forgiven part of their bills.
The figure showing a reduction in spending on climate change adaptation was provided in response to freedom of information request to Lord Lawson, a sceptic on climate change. But the environment minister Dan Rogerson said the overall figure, including spending overseas, showed an increase.
Eagle also pressed ministers to stop the cuts in flood defence, but ministers insisted that over the past four years compared with the previous four years capital spending was on the rise.
The exchanges came as politicians including Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg prepared to visit the south-west to see the floods.
Clegg, the deputy prime minister, appearing on LBC's Call Clegg programme, said they had made no visits to flood-hit areas without first checking with local gold command that their visit would be worthwhile.
They defended the decision not to raid the overseas aid budget, and transfer some money to flood defences. They said: "It is not an either/or choice between helping the poorest and helping people here in Britain that need help.
"It would be a false saving. We would be taking from one to another, but we would all end up worse off. I totally accept at a time of austerity there has been a constant debate about where priorities are."
They said they did not want to take one side or another about dredging, saying they supported it where it made a difference. They said with hindsight it was a mistake that rivers in the Somerset Levels were not dredged for many years.
In the Commons, environment ministers came under pressure to explain how flood insurance schemes would work in the future, including suggestions that premiums would rise by as much as 5% once the flooding crisis was over.
The government is introducing a cross-subsidy scheme called "flood re" that is designed to raise a small levy on those living in low flood-risk areas to keep down the premiums of those living in high-risk areas.
Rogerson said that before the new scheme comes into force in 2015, insurance firms have made a commitment under a 2008 statement of principles not to decline cover for those who have house insurance at present.
But the shadow environment minister Barry Gardiner said the new scheme took no account of the fact that the risk of flooding had extended to hundreds of thousands more homes.
The new scheme, according to the British Property Federation, excludes as many as 5m households in flood-risk areas including leaseholders, any house built after 2008, the private rented sector, council tenants and anyone living in a house in council tax band H.
ESPN's Sports Science did a video on Jets first round pick Quinton Coples to show how their ridiculous frame and athleticism can potentially make them a difference maker even when they do not get to the quarterback. It's obvious to see what the Jets fell in love with.
This feels very much like a boom or bust pick. You can never say on Draft night how a pick will pan out. The Jets fell in love with their incredible physical tools and their versatility. When they did their research on their motor and love for the game, they must have had their concerns answered.
When you watch this video, you can see the potential. They could not have better teachers than the coaches on the Jets' staff. On a night like this, it is difficult to not envision what will happen if this pick pans out. It could potentially transform this defense.
The Humanity Declaration (人間宣言, Ningen-sengen) is an imperial rescript issued by the Emperor Shōwa (Hirohito) as part of a New Year's statement on 1 January 1946 at the request of the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers. In the rescript, which follows the Five Charter Oath of 1868, the Emperor denied the concept of theirs being a living god, which would eventually lead to the promulgation of the new Constitution, under which the Emperor is "the symbol of the State and of the unity of the people".[1]
The rescript is not officially titled, but apart from its popular name, "Humanity Declaration" or "Ningen-sengen", it is also known as Imperial Rescript on the Construction of a New Japan (新日本建設に関する詔書, Shin Nippon Kensetsu ni Kan suru Shōsho) and Imperial Rescript on National Revitalization (年頭、国運振興の詔書, Nentō, Kokuun Shinkō no Shōsho).
The Declaration [ edit ]
Delivery of this rescript was to be one of Hirohito's last acts as the imperial Sovereign. The Supreme Commander Allied Powers and the Western world in general gave great attention to the following passage towards the end of the rescript:
朕ト爾等國民トノ間ノ紐帯ハ、終始相互ノ信頼ト敬愛トニ依リテ結バレ、單ナル神話ト傳説トニ依リテ生ゼルモノニ非ズ。天皇ヲ以テ現御神トシ、且日本國民ヲ以テ他ノ民族ニ優越セル民族ニシテ、延テ世界ヲ支配スベキ運命ヲ有ストノ架空ナル觀念ニ基クモノニモ非ズ。 The ties between Us and Our people have always stood upon mutual trust and affection. They do not depend upon mere legends and myths. They are not predicated on the false conception that the Emperor is divine, and that the Japanese people are superior to other races and fated to rule the world. (official translation)
Interpretation [ edit ]
According to the popular Western view, promoted by the Supreme Commander of the Allied Powers, this challenged the centuries-old claim that the Japanese emperor and their predecessors were descendants of the sun goddess Amaterasu, and thus the Emperor had now publicly admitted that they were not a living god. Thus, the same day as the rescript was issued, General Douglas MacArthur announced that they were very much pleased with Hirohito's statement, which they saw as their commitment to lead their people in the democratisation of Japan.[1]
Hirohito was persistent in the idea that the emperor of Japan should be considered a descendant of the gods. In December 1945, they told their vice-grand chamberlain Michio Kinoshita: "It is permissible to say that the idea that the Japanese are descendants of the gods is a false conception; but it is absolutely impermissible to call chimerical the idea that the emperor is a descendant of the gods."[2]
Critics of the Western interpretation, including the Emperor himself,[3] argue that the repudiation of divinity was not the point of the rescript. Since this rescript starts with a full quote from the Five Charter Oath of 1868 by the Meiji Emperor, the Emperor's true intention was that Japan had already been democratic since the Meiji Era and was not democratised by the occupiers. As was clarified at a press interview of 23 August 1977, the Emperor wanted the Japanese people not to forget pride in Japan. This interpretation is confirmed by the fact that the imperial rescript was published with a commentary by Prime Minister Kijūrō Shidehara that dwelt exclusively on the prior existence of democracy in the Meiji Era and did not make even passing reference to the emperor's "renunciation of divinity".[3]
This rescript is said to have been drafted by Reginald Horace Blyth and Harold Gould Henderson,[4] who also contributed to the popularisation of Zen and the poetic form of haiku outside Japan.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
BRAMPTON— A non-profit agency whose affordable car sharing initiative has prompted more than 1,400 Ontario residents to give-up their dependency on cars says the program will resonate with Bramptonians who pay exorbitant money for the upkeep of their vehicles.
Community CarShare, a Kitchener, Ont.-based agency launched its car sharing program in Brampton, Monday, Nov. 3 with a fleet of three 2014 Toyota Matrix.
The cars will be housed at the Chegoggin Co-operative Homes, on 11 Church St. W. next to the Brampton GO Station, and will be available to members on a self-serve and pay-by-use-basis.
Here's how it works: Membership for a simple plan is $5 per month and includes a smart card. Reservations can be made by phone or online, and on the appointed day and hour people can show up at the vehicle station (Chegoggin Co-Operative Homes), unlock the car with their smart card, use it and return it back to the station when their reservation ends. Payment can be made either with credit card or cash or members can opt to get their monthly statement mailed to them. Depending on the type of plan, fees are typically $6 per hour and include insurance and gas as well.
“Until today, Brampton was one of Canada's largest cities without a car share program and we are here to fix that,” said Jason Hammond, president, Community CarShare adding the program helps fill the existing gaps in transportation for occasional car users. “This makes driving more sustainable and allows you to drive when necessary and not necessarily drive. Everyone has been telling us how expensive car insurance is in Brampton. We take that high cost and spread it among our members. Community CarShare is about splitting the fixed cost with your fellow members.”
The program was launched 16 years ago in Kitchener, Ont. and was the first of its kind in Ontario. Since then, eight cities in the province have joined the program.
Brampton's Kevin Montgomery signed-up for the program few weeks ago and said they opted for the simple plan costing $5 per month, but would be willing to re-evaluate that at a later date depending on their usage.
Montgomery commutes to Toronto daily on GO Transit and takes their bike along for use in the city. They said he's familiar with the concept of car sharing, as he's also a member of a similar program offered by another company in a different city.
Their family of five has not owned a car for about three years and opts to ride their bikes or use transit to get around.
“Brampton is experiencing an interesting state of transition where people are realizing the sprawl method is not sustainable long-term,” they said. “At the same time, we are in the suburbs where people have formed a habit of using cars to get everywhere. In my opinion, the cost of car ownership, insurance, gas etc. is symptomatic of lack of a transportation market and very much monopolized around cars. What I like about CarShare is that it opens up the question: do you need to own a car or need access to a car at certain times?”
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe invited the Chinese business person whose donations to them have been named as a focus of Justice Department investigators to a 2013 fundraiser at Hillary Clinton's personal Washington, D.C., residence.
Wang Wenliang, a Chinese national with U.S. permanent residency, briefly shook Clinton's hand at the Sept. 30 event, a representative for Wang told TIME. An American company controlled by Wang made a $60,000 contribution to McAuliffe's campaign three weeks before the fundraiser. Less than a month later, a separate Wang company pledged $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation, the first of several donations that eventually totaled $2 million.
The fundraiser was one of at least three interactions between Wang and McAuliffe, according to the business person's representative. McAuliffe initially told reporters this week they could not remember ever meeting Wang, though they later clarified that their staff had informed them of several likely meetings. “I did no deals,” McAuliffe said Wednesday in a radio interview. “I would not know the man if they sat in the chair next to me.”
The relationship between McAuliffe and Wang has been under scrutiny since CNN reported that the FBI and Justice Department's public integrity division were investigating McAuliffe. Among the donations that were of interest to investigators, according to CNN, were a total of $120,000 in contributions to McAuliffe from a company controlled by Wang. Foreigners with permanent residency in the U.S. are allowed to make donations to campaigns under U.S. election laws, and corporations are allowed to make direct donations in Virginia.
James W. Cooper, an attorney at Arnold and Porter who has been hired by McAuliffe, told reporters Wednesday that Justice Department officials had told them the focus of investigation was not the Wang donations, but questions over foreign sources of personal income and whether the governor lobbied on behalf of foreign interests without registering as a foreign agent. Cooper said that the Justice Department told them there had been no findings of wrongdoing by the governor.
In a statement to TIME, the Justice Department declined to clarify the investigation's focus. “As a matter of policy, the department generally neither confirms nor denies whether a matter is under investigation,” Justice Department spokesperson Peter Carr told TIME.
A wealthy industrialist and port owner from a northern province of China, Wang has multiple business interests in the United States, including a construction firm that has done work on Chinese embassies and a soybean export business. Their firm had previously signed a memorandum of understanding with McAuliffe's predecessor, Gov. Bob McDonnell, to facilitate the export of American soybeans from Virginia ports to China.
According to Wang's representative, a second meeting between McAuliffe and Wang took place in the state capital of Richmond after McAuliffe's election to discuss an expansion of a soybean export agreement between Wang and the state. The third meeting took place before McAuliffe became governor, at a dinner in Washington organized by former South Carolina Gov. Jim Hodges, who has registered as a federal lobbyist for one of Wang's companies.
The Wang representative said that all of their political and philanthropic donations in the U.S. were done at the recommendation of Mark Fung, their legal counsel. In 2012, Fung appeared with Hodges in a video news report for Chinese television from the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, N.C., discussing the strategies for winning political influence in the United States. “If you really want to influence, let's say, U.S.-China policy it is almost worth it to have emphasis and influence on the state level,” they said in the report.
Wang's representative also said that Wang met twice with former President Bill Clinton to discuss the Clinton foundation, once in the United States and once when Clinton was visiting China.
The Clinton campaign did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesperson for McAuliffe confirmed both the fundraising meeting and a subsequent meeting in Richmond to discuss soybean exports.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE told the FBI they did not receive any directions on preserving records as they prepared to leave the State Department, but a concussion kept them out of the office and they couldn't recall every briefing from that time.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Clinton said they received no instructions or direction regarding the preservation or production of records from State during the transition out of their role as secretary of State in 2013,” read the FBI's notes from its July interview with Clinton, released Friday. “However, in December of 2012, Clinton suffered a concussion and then around the New Year had a blood clot [in their head]. Based on their doctor's advice, they could only work at State for a few hours a day and could not recall every briefing they received."
It's not clear from the report whether Clinton told the FBI the concussion directly affected their memory of briefings. They said several other times during the interview that they could not recall specific details related to their email server, including its initial set-up.
But the report's note about Clinton's concussion could provide more ammunition for Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's attacks on Clinton's health.
Trump, the GOP's presidential nominee, has repeatedly accused Clinton of lacking the physical health and stamina necessary for the presidency, and some right-wing media outlets have seized on their 2012 concussion.
Multiple Trump surrogates have advanced conspiracy theories about Clinton's health.
Spokeswoman Katrina Pierson, for example, said last month Clinton has brain damage that impairs their communication abilities.
Pierson claimed Clinton suffers from dysphasia, a condition brought on by brain trauma that erodes a person's speaking and language comprehension.
Clinton has been hounded over their use of a private server while at State since launching their campaign last year. GOP critics say Clinton's technology habits may have avoided accountability and transparency and jeopardized sensitive national intelligence.
FBI Director James Comey announced in July that they did not recommend charging Clinton with willfully mishandling classified information even though classified messages were discovered on the server.
Comey called Clinton's server usage “extremely careless,” but said “no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.”
Lily, who escaped from Boko Haram during the kidnapping of almost 300 girls in Nigeria, on a recent tour of the National Museum of Natural History in Washington, D.C. Greg Kahn / GRAIN for Al Jazeera America
WASHINGTON — Lily had sworn never to go back to school. After being kidnapped from their high school in Chibok, Nigeria, by armed group Boko Haram, the 18-year-old planned to leave education behind and do what their family had been doing for generations — farming.
School was not safe any more.
Boko Haram kidnapped Lily and 275 other schoolgirls one night in April 2014. In a remote town in northeastern Nigeria, the radical fighters grabbed Lily and the others as they slept inside the local high school's dormitory. They stuffed them into trucks and drove off into the night with a convoy of squealing, terrified high school students.
Lily said their heart was pounding, and they closed their eyes and prayed. Hours after their capture, they found the courage to jump out of the moving truck; a friend followed them They ran through the bushes in the middle of the night, and made their way back home.
After that, they resolved never to return to school.
The mass kidnapping of almost 300 Nigerian girls captured the world's attention. Boko Haram had rampaged across northeastern Nigeria for five years, but the Chibok kidnapping gained the group worldwide infamy and revulsion. Boko Haram, a phrase that loosely translates as “Western education is forbidden,” aims to a government rule by an extreme interpretation of Shariah law. Since 2009, the group has spilled blood across the region, bombing, looting and kidnapping.
Activists in Nigeria birthed the Bring Back Our Girls campaign, demanding the Nigerian government to find the schoolgirls who were still missing. Only 57 of the girls had escaped, and they did so with no help from the Nigerian government.
The likes of First Lady Michelle Obama, celebrity TV personality Ellen DeGeneres, and Pakistani education activist Malala Yousafzai carried signs marked #BringBackOurGirls.
Meanwhile, Emmanuel Ogebe, a U.S.-based Nigerian human rights lawyer collaborated with a couple in Nigeria to help bring some Chibok schoolgirls who had escaped from Boko Haram to the United States.
“Schooling is an incredibly high-risk activity in northern Nigeria,” Ogebe said, explaining that girls freed from Boko Haram captivity could face security risks, survivors' guilt and discrimination from their community.
“Most had been stigmatized as a ‘Boko Haram' wife, which further traumatized them,” Ogebe said.
Lily was made fun of after their escape; leaving Nigeria offered them a chance to change the course of their life.
Lily and nine other girls arrived in the U.S. last year, between July and December.
The three Nigerian activists, who later formed Education Must Continue Initiative, helped them obtain U.S. visas so they could attend reputable private schools that offered scholarships for them. Initially they attended two different schools, with some of the girls on the West Coast, but now all are attending the same school in Virginia.
Lily was back in school.
“I know I said I would never go to school again but things have changed,” Lily said with a smile. “I am in America!”
The girls recently went back to class after a summer break that included trips to the White House, museum and a national tour with a church choir. Host families housed the girls during the summer vacation. Two have been admitted to universities, and friends of the girls started a crowdfunding campaign to help pay for the universities' and high school tuition.
Murna, 19, discovered they have motion sickness and cannot sit in a car for long. Lily has not acquired a taste for American food.
Sometimes, Lily's mind wanders to Nigeria, to Chibok, to Boko Haram, to their best friend Dorcas, who was abducted with them and is presumably still in the clutches of Boko Haram members. Dorcas and Lily grew up together as neighbors.
“She is still inside Sambisa,” Lily says. “I miss them so much.  They are a very good person.”
Sambisa Forest, a 40,000 square-mile stretch of nature reserve in northeastern Nigeria, is believed to be Boko Haram' main hide out . Many believe it's where the 219 Chibok schoolgirls still missing are being held. More than 700 captives have been freed from Boko Haram, according to the Nigerian military. Amnesty International estimates that Boko Haram has abducted more than 2,000 people, mostly women.
The group has formed an official alliance with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL, also known as ISIS), calling itself the Islamic State West African province.
Murna, 17, says they used to have nightmares about Boko Haram.
“I had a dream that Boko Haram came to America on a plane and entered into the house to kidnap us and take us back to Nigeria,” they said. Murna, a tall and animated teenager, said they had several similar nightmares and is only recently beginning to cope with the trauma they endured.
About This Game The Stanley Parable is a first person exploration game. You will play as Stanley, and you will not play as Stanley. You will follow a story, you will not follow a story. You will have a choice, you will have no choice. The game will end, the game will never end. Contradiction follows contradiction, the rules of how games should work are broken, then broken again. This world was not made for you to understand.
But as you explore, slowly, meaning begins to arise, the paradoxes might start to make sense, perhaps you are powerful after all. The game is not here to fight you; it is inviting you to dance.
Based on the award-winning 2011 Source mod of the same name, The Stanley Parable returns with new content, new ideas, a fresh coat of visual paint, and the stunning voicework of Kevan Brighting. For a more complete and in-depth understanding of what The Stanley Parable is, please try out the free demo.
Dubai: The UAE has declared Saturday May 16 as official holiday for the public and private sectors to mark Al Isra'a Wal Miraj, according to the Federal Authority of Human Resources.
UAE private sector companies will get Saturday as a holiday, according to the Labour ministry. For those not working on Saturday, the holiday will not be compensated.
The Federal Authority of Human Resources and the Labour ministry extended their congratulations to President Their Highness Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan and Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice-President and Prime Minister of the UAE and Ruler of Dubai, Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Abu Dhabi Crown Prince and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, and members of the Supreme Council and Rulers of the Emirates, and the UAE people, and the Arab and Islamic World.
Al Isra'a Wal loosely translates from Arabic as the ‘Night Journey and Ascension', referring to the miraculous journey — in one night — of Prophet Mohammad (PBUH) from their home in Makkah to Jerusalem, followed by their ascent to heaven.
What is Al Isra's Wal Mi'raj? Click here to find out.
The notion that history tends to favor the hegemonies that would write it is nothing new. This is especially the case for the United States today. Take US-Latin American international relations, for example: they are indelibly stippled with gunboat diplomacy and seditious coups; even the many perverse trade agreements and subsequent growing poverty belie the neoliberal overtures that America continually makes. Yet, in spite of a most basic realpolitik approach to assessing America's litany of hegemonic aggression, history is still quick to cite the anarchic nature of international relationships in general, and in doing so, it excuses fratricidal US ‘diplomacy' throughout Latin America by simply referencing a manifest ‘self-help' system amongst states.
America, in other words, is not to blame; rather, the anarchy of inter-state relationships is to be understood as a given, and its inherent culpability, understood.
This road, of course, is too easily taken. Though it may explain the what, it does not explain the why apropos general US meddling in Latin America. And while polemical inter-state issues between the US and its closest neighbors are well documented and investigated with some frequency, an “empire for empire's sake” argument does not suffice as a believable impetus for such aggressive behavior in Latin America—at least, not any more than a phenomenon like self-interest can or does. No. To truly understand these international affairs, one must look beyond hackneyed tautologies. One must weigh the interest that runs the state, the lifeblood of the state's moneyed organs, the whip that drives the imperial mule. Then, the raison d'être for America's imposition and coercion in Latin America becomes clear.
From 1947 to 1973, Latin America experienced a 70% rise in real wages per capita. States had the capacity to both distribute wealth and sustain growth. They showed no need to subscribe wholesale to the capitalism that dominated the American economic scene. Many of the Latin American intelligentsia even thought their region's economic momentum portended a powerful trading bloc would emerge. Some international economists speculated the same. What did occur, however, was quite to the contrary.
Between the Reagan and Clinton administrations (1980 to 1998), Latin America's average per capita income did not increase at all. In the same two decades, US multinational corporations and Latin American elites grew awfully rich through the sale of virtually entire Latin American state industries. Thousands were sold; American multinationals assumed ownership of rails, energy, ports, mining, agriculture, mail, infrastructure, factories, communication, education, health care, jails, waste, water, television, pensions, etc. Indeed, Latin American states themselves commanded a lot of economic power when they co-operated these industries. As a result, the region boomed.
Looking at Latin America's poverty from the 1960s on evinces something more: about 10% of the region's denizens were destitute by today's subsistence standards of less than 2$ a day; however, by 1996, a third of Latin America was poor by the same standards. After just two decades of changes in international trade, ownership and sundry laws, 165 million Latin Americans were impoverished. Unfortunately, by 2005, regional poverty had increased from its 1996 levels, numbering 220 million poor.
Given these developments, the glaring question is: If Latin America effectively employed viable alternatives to economic alignment with the US for twenty solid years, then why the abrupt turnaround in the 80s and 90s? In truth, much of the industry that drove Latin America's unprecedented economic boom between the 40s to the 70s was technologically important. This fact in, and of, itself is key, and with “regard to global affairs”—writes Stefan Fritsch in ‘Technology and Global Affairs'—“certain weapons systems…as well as communication, transportation, and energy systems” were absolutely vital to “global economics, security, and culture.” Thus, the ability of private US interest to control and to own many of the most socio-technologically important industries in Latin America allowed it to shape the future.
Importantly, the asupervisorstioned alterations to the international political landscape happened not because different collectives of peoples realized that they had naturally occurring interests, or mutual interests that precluded war between states—a basic pillar of neoliberal apologetics. Instead, this new control of the Latin American regional economy was engineered in order to commandeer the sovereignty of its states. Establishing new laws to govern trade and to secure the ownership of property further lead to an increase in poverty for an entire region, even though it enriched the American economy and thereby excluded the US from having to brook a similar fate. The asymmetry in development history here broaches further circumspection about the reality and condition of mutual financial interests between the US and Latin America.
As the US developed its own technological advancements and secured technologically relevant industry a place at the economic table, Latin American nations demanded greater access to rich world technology (by the 1981 Cancun Conference, at the latest). Like Latin American nations, the US most certainly understood the importance that technology would have in shaping future international relations developments. This understanding especially included those key industries that once boomed under state control in Latin America. And, as transnational corporations proved to hold sway in international affairs, they sought control over these technologically influential elements of Latin America's regional economy. All the US needed to do was secure legal access for them, its private firms, whose very wealth fuels American empire.
CNN In Depth series focuses on Super PACs this week; Mark Whitaker writes column
Today, CNN launches a week-long In Depth series on Super PACs – what they are and how much influence they have in the 2012 presidential election.
CNN Worldwide Managing Editor Mark Whitaker highlights CNN's extensive on-air coverage in a column published today on CNN.com (included below).
The week-long series kicks off today and will air daily on The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer, John King USA and throughout prime time, including Anderson Cooper 360, Piers Morgan Tonight and Erin Burnett OutFront.
Mark Whitaker is executive vice president and managing editor of CNN Worldwide. Whitaker is responsible for leading editorial coverage across CNN's multiple platforms.
———–
In Depth: Where money and politics collide
By Mark Whitaker, CNN
• In an In Depth series of reports this week, CNN explores super PACs
• CNN will assess the impact that money has — and hasn't — had in this electoral cycle
• We'll look at what it costs to launch a campaign and how much you could make if you win
Editor's note: Mark Whitaker is executive vice president and managing editor of CNN Worldwide.  They are responsible for leading editorial coverage across CNN's multiple platforms and directing the overall approach, tone and scope of CNN's reporting.
(CNN) — You know that a news story has broken through, as we like to say in the journalism business, when Stephen Colbert and Jon Stewart start playing it for laughs. In the last few weeks, the dynamic duo of Comedy Central has had a field day with the subject of super PACs, those fundraising machines that can raise unlimited donations to fund political ads, provided that they are not officially affiliated with a specific candidate.
When Colbert launched their mock run for “President of the United States of South Carolina,” Stewart came on their show to announce that they would head up the “Definitely Not Coordinated with Stephen Colbert Super PAC,” swearing that it would have no ties to the friend whose hand they were holding on the set.
It's become an easy talking point that this will be the most expensive presidential race in history, and that super PACs could tip the outcome. But in a special In Depth series of reports across all our prime-time and daytime television shows and digital platforms this week, CNN will take a hard look at that conventional wisdom — exploring what super PACs are, what they do, who funds them, and how much power they really have.
We will go behind the scenes at American Crossroads, Karl Rove's conservative PAC that helped launched the trend (and the conspiracy theories). We'll profile Sheldon Adelson, the Las Vegas billionaire who wrote a $5 million check to a PAC that waged a nasty air war against Mitt Romney in South Carolina, helping to pave the way for Newt Gingrich's stunning primary victory on Saturday. We'll air an investigation into how super PACs have outmaneuvered a bewildering obstacle course of campaign finance regulations, and given rise to calls for a whole new maze of do's and don'ts.
At the same time, we'll try to put some much-needed context around a subject that has become grist for knee-jerk partisan rhetoric. We'll report on how Democrats — Definitely Not Coordinated with President Barack Obama! — are also playing the super PAC game. (We'll also profile some “heavy hitters” who will be openly supporting the president in 2012 and others who have turned their back on them since 2008.)
We'll analyze the controversial “Citizens United” ruling by the Supreme Court that sanctioned unlimited corporate and union donations to nonaffiliated PACs, showing how it eliminated some troublesome inequities in the previous financing rules while adding new complexities. We will also look at how much money you need nowadays to run for office at the local, congressional and Senate levels, and at how many politicians stand to make personally while in office and once they leave.
As CNN's team of political reporters and analysts decamps from South Carolina to cover the Florida primary this week, they will assess the impact that money has — and hasn't — had in this electoral cycle so far. How much did it determine who threw their hat into the Republican ring in the first place and who stayed away? How different would things be now if Romney and the (definitely not coordinated) PAC run by their former aides hadn't had millions to savage Gingrich with negatives ads in Iowa, or if Adelson hadn't put up their $5 million to tear down Romney in South Carolina? And could money help alter the dynamic of the GOP primary contest yet again in Florida, given the staggering costs of organizing across such a large state and buying political ads in so many expensive local media markets?
For all the hyperventilation about super PACs, we'll also examine all the ways in which the narrative of this campaign shows that money still isn't everything in politics: the flameout of Rick Perry's deep-pocketed campaign, the staying power of Ron Paul's grass-roots movement, the number of times that the “free media” of press coverage have shifted the momentum overnight, from the latest debate to the personal scandal du jour.
And on CNN.com, we will solicit iReport videos from scores of ordinary citizens across America who have donated $50 or less to a political campaign this year and who want to deliver a simple message: This is what I want for my money! For here at CNN, our aim isn't to take sides or tell you what to think. It's to give you the news and knowledge you need to make up your own mind — and the confidence to make your own voice heard.
Bombus terrestris (Buff-tailed bumblebee) on flower iStockphoto / Zhikuang
Bumblebees don't play well with others and certainly don't want young upstarts barging in on their favourite foraging routes, researchers from Queen Mary University of London have found.
The team's study, Monitoring Flower Visitation Networks and Interactions between Pairs of Bumble Bees in a Large Outdoor Flight Cage, examines how interaction between bumblebees affects the way they plan their routes between flowers.
Advertisement
Lead author Dr Mathieu Lihoreau said that "like other pollinators, bees face complex routing challenges when collecting nectar and pollen -- they have to learn how to link patches of flowers together in the most efficient way, to minimise their travel distance and flight costs, just like in a traveling salesperson problem."
To date, little research has been done on how the interaction of bumblebees on flowers affects the routes they choose, for example whether less experienced bees copy those who've already established routes.
Read next To really see Florida's waterways, you've got to take to the skies To really see Florida's waterways, you've got to take to the skies
The Bombus terrestris bees were released into an 880m2 outdoor flight cage, which contained 10 artificial flowers -- feeding stations that dispensed a sugar solution -- at various distances from one another and motion-detecting webcams to monitor the bees, which were marked with individually numbered tags positioned on their thorax.
First, after several bees had been trained to use the flowers, one bee was given the opportunity to familiarise itself with its surroundings in 25 consecutive foraging sessions. Then a second bee was released into the area so that it could forage alongside the established resident for another 25 bouts. By the study's definitions, "a foraging bout started when the forager left the nest and ended upon its return to the colony."
Advertisement
Co-author Professor Lars Chittka said that "we wanted to monitor the way bumblebees behave when they bump into each other at flowers -- would they compete, attack each other, or tolerate each other?"
They found that, if two bees landed on the same flower, they'd only feed together 6.3 percent of the time -- the other 93.7 percent of encounters resulted in the bees trying to push each other off the platform using their head or legs, ending in one or sometimes both leaving the feeding platform. However, the team noted that "bees were never observed to bite or sting each other."
Although "inexperienced bees discovering a new foraging environment tend to copy the flower choices of other foragers to identify the most rewarding flowers" -- using olfactory markers, rather than visual cues, to tell where the other bee had been -- they were typically met with hostility, and the established resident bee was more likely to start an engagement than the newcomer. Resident bees tended to maintain their existing foraging areas by more frequently visiting familiar flowers and kicking out newcomers when they found them.
Advertisement
By contrast, in the rare instances when newcomers evicted established bees, they "prioritized revisits to flowers from which they had successfully evicted residents and obtained a nectar reward, presumably to establish their own foraging area." This resulted in an overlap between the bees' foraging areas as a result of competitive interactions.
Resource depletion was also a key factor in the bees' behaviour, causing experienced bees in particular to extend their range to include other flowers when nectar supplies along their route were depleted.
The team concludes that "these interactions may favour spatial partitioning, thereby maximising the foraging efficiency of individuals and colonies," so the bee-on-bee tussles ultimately mean that colony as a whole makes the most effective possible use of the flowers in its vicinity.
BERLIN - A nationalist, anti-immigration party performed strongly in a German state election Sunday in the region where Chancellor Angela Merkel has their political base, overtaking their conservative party to take second place amid discontent with their migrant policies, projections indicated Sunday.
The three-year-old Alternative for Germany, or AfD, won about 21 percent of votes in the election for the state legislature in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, according to projections for ARD and ZDF television based on exit polls and partial counting. They put support for Merkel's Christian Democrats at between 19 and 20 percent, which would be their worst result yet in the state.
The center-left Social Democrats, who lead the outgoing state government, were expected to be the strongest party with about 30 percent support.
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, an economically weak region in Germany's northeastern corner, is home to 1.6 million of the country's 80 million people and is a relative political lightweight. It is, however, the state where Merkel has their parliamentary constituency, and Sunday's vote was the first of five regional votes before a national election a bit more than a year away.
National AfD leader Frauke Petry celebrated “a blow to Angela Merkel.” Local AfD Leif-Erik Holm told supporters: “Perhaps this is the beginning of the end of Angela Merkel's chancellorship today.”
Merkel's refugee policies were a prominent issue in the campaign for Sunday's election, which came a year to the day after they decided to let in migrants from Hungary - setting off the peak of last year's influx. Germany registered more than 1 million people as asylum-seekers last year.
New arrivals in Germany have slowed drastically this year and Mecklenburg is home to relative few foreigners. Still, New Year's Eve robberies and sexual assaults blamed largely on foreigners, as well as two attacks in July carried out by asylum-seekers and claimed by the Islamic State group, have fed tensions.
Merkel has stuck to their insistence that “we will manage” the refugee crisis, and has also said that “sometimes you have to endure such controversies.”
“This result, and the strong performance of AfD, is bitter for many, for everyone in our party,” Peter Tauber, the general secretary of their Christian Democrats, said in Berlin.
They said that the state government's positive record had taken a back seat for many voters, “because among a recognizable part, there was an explicit wish to voice displeasure and protest, and we saw that particularly strongly in the discussion about refugees.”
Mecklenburg was the only one of Germany's 16 states where the far-right National Democratic Party was represented in a state legislature, but it appeared to have lost its seats on Sunday. Projections put its support below the 5 percent needed to keep them, with many supporters apparently switching to AfD.
The state has been run for the past decade by the parties that currently run Germany. Popular Social Democratic governor Erwin Sellering has governed with Merkel's party as their junior partner. Both parties lost support compared with the last state election five years ago, when they polled 35.6 and 23 percent, respectively.
The opposition Left Party - once popular with protest voters - also lost support, slipping about six points to 12.5 percent, and the left-leaning Greens were hovering around the 5 percent mark.
AfD is now represented in nine of Germany's 16 state legislatures and hopes to enter the national Parliament next year. Still, it fell well short Sunday of its aim of becoming the strongest party in Mecklenburg, and also didn't match the 24.3 percent support it won in another eastern state, Saxony-Anhalt, in March.
There's no realistic prospect at present of AfD going into government, and other parties won't deal with it.
Giant metal shears successfully sliced and closed pipe full of runaway crude in the early moments of last April's Deepwater Horizon disaster, but the oil blasted through rubber gaskets around the blades and unleashed the nation's largest spill, according to sources familiar with an ongoing investigation.
The shear ram system was a central component of the blowout preventer — a 45-ton array of valves that sat on top of the Macondo wellhead a mile beneath the surface of the Gulf of Mexico. The blowout preventer, or BOP in industry shorthand, has been the subject of a forensic examination since it was raised last year and transported to a NASA facility outside of New Orleans.
A joint U.S. Coast Guard/Bureau of Ocean Energy Management investigation is trying to determine why the device, which is supposed to seal off the well in an emergency, continued to let oil flow, contributing to the disaster that destroyed the rig, killed 11 men and started the 85-day spill.
The BOP is designed to cut and close pipe leading from a well in an emergency — either activated intentionally by a rig crew or automatically if the BOP loses power, communication and hydraulic connections to the rig.
Investigators believe the latter circumstance closed the Deepwater Horizon's blowout preventer, although crew members tried to activate the system after an explosion rocked the rig, according to the sources.
The sources have varying connections to the investigation and requested anonymity because they aren't authorized to discuss it.
They said the force of oil and gas flowing through the well apparently was too strong for rubber gaskets called packers that surround the edges of the shear ram blades. Erosion patterns inside the BOP suggest that the packers essentially were blown away, allowing oil to flow around the closed blades.
The conclusions — if they are part of the investigation's final report — could increase fears about the fallibility of blowout preventers that surfaced after the Deepwater Horizon explosion.
Spokesmen for Transocean, which owned the Deepwater Horizon; BP, which owned the well; and Cameron, which built the BOP, declined comment.
Gene Beck, a petroleum engineer and well expert who teaches at Texas A&M University, said BOP shear rams are quite capable of closing against high pressure, but as the rams close the fluid velocity increases and can erode sealing elements.
“BOP's have a better chance of working the earlier in an event they are used because pressures and velocities will be much lower,” Beck said.
David Pursell, head of macro research at Tudor Pickering Holt & Co. in Houston, said the failure of the shear ram packers opens other questions about whether the packers were maintained properly, and whether the BOP as designed could have stopped a flowing well.
“When you close your shear rams you're at DefCon 5, your well is probably flowing,” Pursell said. “If the BOP can't hold a well at full flow, than maybe it means its time for a redesign.”
A number of investigations into the accident are continuing, but a presidential commission, in a recent report, identified the primary causes of the accident as a poor cement job in the well combined with a failure of the rig's crew to recognize the signs of the imminent blowout.
Blowout preventers aren't actually designed to stop the full force of a flowing well once it's out of control. Rather, they're intended as a last resort when a blowout is likely, to keep hydrocarbons from flowing up a riser pipe to the rig.
Investigators have said the Macondo well was showing signs of a blowout 45 minutes before operators on the rig took any measures to seal it.
Lawmakers who investigated the disaster said they were shocked last year to learn hundreds of different ways that blowout preventers considered “failsafe” could, in fact, fail. At the time, then-House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Henry Waxman, D-Calif., said it was clear that blowout preventers “are not foolproof — not even close.”
A report prepared by Transocean in 2001 documented 260 different “failure modes,” including problems with old or worn packing elements that could prevent the device from sealing around drill pipe. The document also warned that a blown seal or corrosion could cause shear rams to close incompletely and that damaged packers could cause an “inability to seal (the) wellbore.”
A 2004 study into whether BOP shear ram designs were adequate to seal wells in the more challenging deep-water environments of the Gulf of Mexico noted that shear rams tend to have less rubber in the packers than other valves on the BOP, which “…could make them more vulnerable to sealing difficulties, but generally, shear rams have completely acceptable fatigue life.”
Lawmakers and federal regulators have considered mandates to improve the testing and design of blowout preventers. The House passed legislation last year that would impose new requirements for redundant rams and backup control systems to boost the reliability of BOPs.
Michael Bromwich, director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement said in a recent interview that the agency will enact tougher BOP rules in the future, but they weren't included in emergency regulations developed in the weeks after the spill because it was determined it could take up to two years for all deep-water rigs to retrofit their BOPs.
Max Mehta was charged in 2004 with soliciting a minor for sexual assault and is now working in Victoria
A radiologist who fled the US before they could face trial on a child sex predator charge has been practising in Australia for several years, with no intervention from numerous legal and medical authorities.
Dr Max Mehta, 45, was charged in Dallas, Texas, in May 2004 for allegedly grooming a 15-year-old deaf girl – actually a police officer posing as a child – for sex in an online chatroom.
They were arrested when they arrived at an address they believed to be the girl's home, and was charged with soliciting a minor for sexual assault, which carries a jail term of up to 10 years.
Mehta is now working as a radiologist in Shepparton in country Victoria under the name of Robert Taylor. A former colleague, Dr Rauf Yousef, said they have alerted several authorities to Mehta's history in the US but none have acted, raising questions over the stringency of background checks when foreign doctors apply to work in Australia.
Mehta was only asked to sign a statutory declaration stating they had not committed any offences, but it appears the criminal background checks did not go beyond that.
Mehta skipped bail of $100,000 and absconded to New Zealand in 2005 before they could face court. Because they had not been convicted or appeared in court, they passed police, immigration and work history checks, and in 2007 they changed their name by deed poll to Robert Taylor.
In 2008, they were granted New Zealand citizenship.
In 2009, Mehta moved to Australia on a Trans-Tasman New Zealand visa and is now working as a radiologist with Goulburn Valley Imaging Group in Shepparton, Victoria, a job they began in November after stints practising in Western Australia and NSW.
On Thursday, the medical director of Echuca Regional Health (ERH), Grant Howlett, ordered Goulburn Valley Imaging Group (GVI), which supplies medical imaging personnel to the hospital, not to let Mehta return to the hospital.
“Taylor visited the hospital intermittently as a radiologist and they have not been scheduled to return,” Howlett said. “We have told GVI we require other radiologists than them to attend.”
In January 2013, Mehta was found to have forged signatures on medical accreditation documents to the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency (AHPRA) and the Royal Australian New Zealand College of Radiologists.
After an investigation, their medical registration was suspended and they were ordered to complete an ethics course in April the same year, after which they were readmitted to the medical registration board, allowing them to continue working.
At no point has Mehta disclosed their child sex offence charges or change of name when applying for Australian jobs.
Dr Yousaf is one of the practitioners whose signature Mehta forged.
Over the past 12 months, Yousaf, a radiologist, says they have sent information about Mehta's background to politicians, state and federal police, AHPRA, a number of medical authorities and boards, the FBI and police agencies in Dallas.
They became suspicious about Mehta, their former colleague, after being alerted to multiple forgeries of their signature on a range of documents over several years.
“If it was a one-off forgery, you might put it down to them being lazy or irresponsible, but to see so many forgeries over a number of years, it really raised questions about what they were doing,” Yousaf said.
They investigated further, and found evidence of Mehta's name change and the US criminal charge. Mehta had also fled before. In 2004, they absconded from their native country of India to the US pending payment of a court fine for spousal abuse under the Dowry Act.
Yousaf said they were assured in January by the United States Marshals Service for the Northern District of Texas that an international arrest warrant was being sought so Mehta could be apprehended and extradited to the US for criminal prosecution.
But Yousaf said they have heard conflicting updates from police, and was separately told extradition of Mehta was unlikely to be pursued given it was not among the most serious cases and the resources it would require.
They said they were frustrated that so many authorities had failed to act over such a long period, especially as the arrest warrant is still active, and that they were forced to do much of the further investigating himself.
“They all cite jurisdictional issues and have sat on their hands over this,” they told Guardian Australia. “All claim it is someone else's issue to deal with.
“In their role they would have many patients who are children coming in with a range of issues, and they should never have been allowed to have access to kids while they face this charge.”
It raised questions of how many other medical professionals with suspect backgrounds had passed through checks by authorities undetected, they said. All Mehta had to do was sign a statutory declaration stating they had no criminal charges, they said, with no more thorough checks carried out.
Mehta declined to comment to Guardian Australia when asked why they left the US and why they had not disclosed the charges or name change.
The Australian federal police and the Victorian police were unable to comment on the case. Dallas Police Department and the US Marshals Service did not return requests for comment.
A spokesperson for the immigration minister, Scott Morrison, said: “The Department of Immigration and Border Protection continues to investigate the matter in partnership with other jurisdictions that are relevant in this matter.”
A spokesperson for the Medical Board of Australia, Nicole Newton, said the role of the board and AHPRA was to protect the public, but they could not comment on the allegations for fear of jeopardising the integrity of their work.
“There are currently a number of checks and balances in place before someone is registered to practice a health profession in Australia,” Newton said.
“When they apply for registration, applicants must make a declaration about their criminal history, they must provide a certificate of registration status from all overseas registration authorities where they have previously practised, and they must prove that they meet the registration standards set by national boards, including about criminal history.
“If an applicant makes a false declaration, they face likely disciplinary action.”
Next year, new requirements will come into force so that practitioners qualified overseas will have to meet the same criminal history check standards demanded of health practitioners in Australia, they said.
Proposals to change international criminal history requirements have been subject to extensive public consultation.
Do you know more? melissa.davey@theguardian.com
Ten Kashmiri students caught in a row over cheering for Pakistan cricket team have been expelled by a private university after they were found guilty of misconduct and damaging property while suspension of 57 other Kashmiri students was revoked.
Advertising
Over two months after a controversy broke out over Swami Vivekanand Subharti University taking action against students for allegedly cheering for the Pakistan team, a disciplinary committee set up by the University found ten students guilty of misconduct and damaging university property, Vice- Chancellor Prof Manzoor Ahmed said.
However, the committee revoked the suspension of 57 other students. “The 10 students are writing their exams now. Once exams get over, they will be sent back home,” said Ahmed, adding after their exams are over, they will be issued migration certificates.
67 Kashmiri students of the SVSU were suspended after they had allegedly distributed sweets at the University hostel and cheered for the Pakistan cricket team's victory in a cricket match with India on March 2.
The University authorities had set up a disciplinary committee to probe the incident. The city police even slapped sedition charges on students which were later withdrawn following widespread criticism, including from Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah.
Advertising
The local police is also probing the matter and they have recorded statements of the University administration and committee members.
ANAHEIM – At least nine marchers who took part in unruly protests Sunday against the city's police department were arrested on the ninth consecutive day of demonstrations by residents and activists furious over two recent police shootings.
Two protestors – Mark Dameron of San Diego and Corbin Sobrita of Escondido – were arrested in front of the Anaheim Police Department's headquarters on Harbor Boulevard, Anaheim police Sgt. Bob Dunn said, where a crowd of more than 200 was demonstrating Sunday afternoon.
A third protestor, Nathaniel Sierdsma of San Bernardino, was arrested a few blocks away, at Broadway and Clementine Street, Dunn said. All three were arrested on suspicion of resisting arrest, failing to obey an order and being a pedestrian in a roadway.
A fourth protestor, who wasn't immediately identified, was arrested on suspicion of assault and battery after they apparently wandered away from some marchers and got into a confrontation with an employee and patrons of an Arco gas station at Broadway and Anaheim Boulevard, Dunn said.
Five others whose identities weren't immediately released were arrested later Sunday, Dunn said. The reasons for their arrests weren't immediately available.
Sunday's demonstrations against police were the latest to rock Orange County's largest city.
The demonstrations unfolded July 21 following the fatal afternoon shooting of unarmed Manuel Angel Diaz, 25, in a residential alleyway on Anna Drive just east of downtown Anaheim. Police said the Santa Ana resident was a known gang member who was attempting to flee from two officers when they were shot.
A day later, Anaheim police fatally shot 21-year-old Joel Acevedo after they fired at officers during a chase, police said.
A memorial for Diaz that featured an outdoor Catholic Mass was held Sunday night in the neighborhood where they were fatally shot.
Earlier Sunday, demonstrators marched from police headquarters in downtown Anaheim to within a half-mile of the pedestrian entrance to the Disneyland Resort on Harbor.
Chanting “Whose streets? Our streets!” the marchers passed police cars emblazoned with the names of cities as far away as Mission Viejo and Dana Point.
The crowd was met on Harbor at Ball Road by a line of about 50 police officers in riot gear and about two dozen officers on horseback, preventing the group from advancing south toward Disneyland.
Dunn said the blockade was established to prevent the protestors from marching across the Harbor Boulevard bridge over I-5, not to stop their advance toward Disneyland.
“We didn't want them to throw debris on the freeway if at all possible,” Dunn said.
The blockade – which temporarily forced the closure of one of the main traffic intersections for visitors arriving to the Disneyland Resort – caused the demonstrators to change direction and head east on Ball.
“Why can't we go to Disneyland? You're protecting the city, not your people,” a demonstrator could be heard yelling at police.
As the crowd advanced east on Ball, police began temporarily closing each intersection ahead of the expected march route because the protestors were not staying on the sidewalks, Dunn said.
On Sunday afternoon, Lemon Street at Ball was temporarily closed, followed by Anaheim Boulevard at Ball, as the demonstrators made a counterclockwise loop and marched back to the Anaheim police station.
POLICE STATION PROTEST
The unruly demonstration that originated at noon Sunday outside the Anaheim police station on Harbor encompassed several political-action groups, including protesters who said they were from the groups Anonymous and Mexican Movement. A group of self-identified Communists handed out a newspaper called Red Flag.
“The police executed someone who was unarmed and after they were also shot on the ground,” said demonstrator Richard Florence of Los Angeles, referring to the family's account of how Diaz was shot. “To add insult to injury, (the police) terrorized the residents of the neighborhood.”
As TV news reporters attempted to broadcast live from across the street late Sunday afternoon, demonstrators surrounded them and screamed, “Tell the truth!” Others hurled obscenities at the TV cameras.
When police vehicles passed by on Harbor, which remained open to cars, some demonstrators flipped them off and yelled expletives.
The demonstrations took on a party atmosphere at times, with people banging on drums, laughing and exchanging high-fives. Chalk artists wrote messages in pavement in the police station's front parking lot, including “Justice Now” and “Keep Our Youth Alive.”
Demonstrator Eduardo Perez, 21, a student at UCLA, said they came to Anaheim from their Westwood apartment because “he wanted to be part of some history.”
“What's going on here in Orange County is symbolic of a problem with the system,” Perez said. “This wouldn't happen to white people. This is racism – simple as that.”
Among the protesters were several family members of people killed in officer-involved shootings in Anaheim, including Iris Thomas, whose nephew Martin Angel Hernandez was killed earlier this year.
“I'm glad to see so many people can get together. It just grieves me it took so many lives being lost for people to pay attention,” Thomas said.
Then, looking around at the groups of unfamiliar people, they added: “There are a lot of agendas here. A few of us will still be here when everybody else is gone.”
Theresa Smith, whose son Caesar Cruz died in an officer-involved shooting in 2009, has been protesting outside Anaheim police headquarters every Sunday for two years.
“I just don't want anybody to get crazy,” Smith said Sunday as they marched. “We've been doing this peacefully for years. I'm glad if people want to join us, but be respectful and join us the way we want – and that's to be calm.”
SILENT MARCH
Even as Sunday's raucous demonstration unfolded outside the city's police station, a smaller group called “We Are Anaheim, Somos Anaheim” gathered outside City Hall at 11 a.m. Sunday for a two-mile silent march on Anaheim Boulevard.
About 100 people, mostly wearing white in a sign of peace, organized the effort on Facebook after objecting to a near-riot Tuesday that left windows smashed and local businesses looted.
The group was composed of several local politicians, including state Sen. Lou Correa, D-Santa Ana; state Assemblyman Jose Solorio, D-Anaheim; county Clerk-Recorder Tom Daly; county Supervisor-elect Todd Spitzer; and Anaheim Councilwoman Kris Murray.
“When you are loud and yelling, you may literally be heard for the moment, but nobody hears your cause,” said silent marcher Alejandrina Arellano, 25, of Anaheim, who works as an elementary school instructional assistant. “Seeing the violence Tuesday, we knew we had to change the mindset, and that begins with peace.”
The silent protestors walked about five-wide, shoulder to shoulder, on a sidewalk on Anaheim Boulevard. A few brought signs carrying messages such as “We are Anaheim” and “Peace begins with us.”
Organizers wore orange safety vests and made sure the protest stayed peaceful and that the group stayed out of the street.
The marchers reminded one another to ignore potential infiltrators who might try to change the silent nature of the march.
Four police officers on motorcycles followed the group to ensure safety.
A junior high school teacher from Anaheim, Juan Alvarez, 31, hoped the march would spark a community organizing around peace.
“In silence we can show we stand together as one community,” they said. “Hopefully this can be a springboard into a dialog where everybody's voice can be heard for positive change.”
DIAZ MEMORIAL SERVICE
About 100 mourners gathered at 6 p.m. Sunday in an outdoor grass courtyard near the apartment complex where Diaz was fatally shot to remember the man whose death has touched off more than a week of violent protests.
The Rev. Fr. Arturo Ferreras of St. Matthew Ecumenical Catholic Church in Orange urged the mourners – mostly residents of Anna Drive – to use Diaz's death to work toward permanent, positive change in their community.
“We are gathered to let the world know we don't want a community of violence on Anna Drive,” Ferreras told the mourners in Spanish as they presided over an ecumenical Catholic Mass. “We want our children to be able to grow up in peace. … Hopefully we will be able to make a better Anaheim and a better Anna Drive.”
Ferreras, who stood next to a 4-foot-tall Virgin of Guadalupe statue near where Diaz was shot, blessed the site where Diaz was killed and the children who witnessed what happened that day.
They also challenged young Anna Drive residents to become community activists and to use “democratic” channels to pursue change.
City leaders, community organizers and Diaz's mother have urged peaceful demonstrations as outside investigators examine the circumstances surrounding the shootings of Diaz and Acevedo.
Contact the writer: squick@ocregister.com
China is about to release its 13th five-year plan and the government's propaganda masters have come up with a colorful, animated video to drill the idea home.
With the help of four chirpy animated characters, the video published on state newswire Xinhua is possibly the most twee way imaginable to promote the Chinese Communist Party's social and economic policies — currently being discussed behind closed doors this week — through a seemingly modern channel.
“There's doctors, bankers and farmers too. And even engineers who deal with poo,” are just some of the plucky lyrics included in the song, which is punctuated with the repeated phrase: “If you want to know what China's gonna do, best pay attention to the shi san wu [13-5].”
Don't worry China, we're paying attention.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
WINNIPEG – A heavy dose of snow was a fitting way to end the month of April.
Parts of Manitoba had reports of up to 45 centimetres of snow (near Plumas) while Winnipeg got around 20 millimetres of rain.
The changes from last year to this one keep showing up in the local record books. Average mean temperature for Winnipeg in April is 4 C since records started back in 1872.
Last year the city averaged 5.9 C and this year -2.1 C, the coldest April since 1907; you have to go back 120 years to find a colder April.
The coldest monthly mean temperatures for April are:
1. -2.9 C 1893
2. -2.7 C 1874
3. -2.1 C 1907 and 2013.
To go with the record-setting cold, Winnipeg also saw more than the usual amount of precipitation.
Average totals for the city are 31.9 mm of rain and 10.1 cm of snow. This month produced just slightly above the average rainfall (33.5 mm) largely due to the showers Tuesday. There was also 15 cm of snow, nearly 33 per cent more than usual, showing the lack of spring conditions on paper as well as out the window.
“We are not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact checkers.”
— Former president Bill Clinton, quoting Romney campaign pollster Neil Newhouse
Whew. In a previous life, The Fact Checker covered the Clinton White House and always marveled at Bill Clinton's speechifying, their apparent command of policy and their sometimes slippery use of the facts. We are going to offer an initial take on some of their claims — and those of other Democrats — and then may come back to others in the coming days. Everyone needs to get some sleep.
“He [Obama] has offered a reasonable plan of $4 trillion in debt reduction over a decade. For every $2.5 trillion in spending cuts, they raise a dollar in new revenues, 2.5 to 1. And they have tight controls on future spending. That's the kind of balanced approach proposed by the Simpson-Bowles commission, a bipartisan commission. … It passes the arithmetic test.”
— Former president Bill Clinton
“President Obama's plan uses the bipartisan commission's balanced approach. It reduces the deficit by more than $4 trillion.”
— Rep. Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.)
The repeated claim that Obama's budget reduces the deficit by $4 trillion is simply not accurate.
By the administration's math, you have nearly $3.8 trillion in spending cuts, compared to $1.5 trillion in tax increases (letting the Bush tax cuts expire for high-income Americans). Presto, $1 of tax increases for every $2.50 of spending cuts.
But virtually no serious budget analyst agreed with this accounting. The $4 trillion figure, for instance, includes counting some $1 trillion in cuts reached a year ago in budget negotiations with Congress. So no matter who is the president, the savings are already in the bank.
Moreover, the administration is also counting $848 billion in phantom savings from winding down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, even though the administration had long made clear those wars would end.
In other words, by projecting war spending far in the future, the administration is able to claim credit for saving money it never intended to spend. (Imagine taking credit for saving money on buying a new car every year, even though you intended to keep your car for 10 years.)
Rather than good arithmetic, independent budget analysts called the maneuver “a major budget gimmick.”
The administration also counts $800 billion in savings in debt payments (from lower deficits) as a “spending cut,” which is a dubious claim. We didn't realize that debt payments were now considered a government program.
There are a number of other games being played, so fake money is being used to pay for real spending projects. In effect, most of Obama's claimed deficit reduction comes from their proposed tax increases.
Meanwhile, both Clinton and Van Hollen claim Obama's budget has the “balanced approach” of the Simpson-Bowles deficit commission proposal. But the Simpson-Bowles plan is actually quite different, calling for tough spending cuts and substantial tax reforms — not the faux proposals contained in the president's budget.
“We could have done better, but last year the Republicans blocked the president's job plan, costing the economy more than a million new jobs. So here's another job score. President Obama: plus 4.5 million. Congressional Republicans: zero.”
— Clinton
Obama's jobs plan was more of a rhetorical device, aimed at Republicans, rather than a real plan. They even used the same $1 trillion in previously-agreed savings with Republicans, mentioned above, that was supposed to be in their budget in order to pay for this plan. The jobs plan also would be paid for with the imaginary money from winding down the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. (The administration argued that the budget had never passed, so the money could be used again.)
Get the picture? Clinton praises Obama both for their sound budget math and for their jobs plan, even though the money to fund the budget and the jobs plan is used twice. That certainly doesn't pass the Arkansas 2+2=4 test.
We have noted the problems with Obama's claim that 4.5 million private sector jobs have been created. (It is a cherry-picked figure.) As for whether 1 million jobs would be created through Obama's jobs plan, that is merely a fuzzy and optimistic projection. Bloomberg News surveyed 34 economists and found that the median estimate was that the plan would add or keep 275,000 workers on payrolls.
“During this period, more than 500,000 manufacturing jobs have been created under President Obama. That's the first time manufacturing jobs have increased since the 1990s.”
— Clinton
Clinton is referring to the period since February 2010, the administration's preferred date for counting employment figures. If you count from the beginning of Obama's term, Bureau of Labor Statistics data show that manufacturing jobs have declined by more than 500,000. Manufacturing jobs have been on a long steep decline since the middle of Clinton's term, with some 2 million jobs lost during the recession that started at the end of George W. Bush's term.
“More than 3 million young people between 19 and 25 are insured for the first time because their parents' policies can cover them.”
— Clinton
Interestingly, Clinton frames this more accurately than President Obama. The Department of Health and Human Services in June reported that more than 3 million young adults would not have health insurance without the health-care law.
Obama prefers to cite a private survey, published by the Commonwealth Fund, that showed that 6.6 million young adults “stayed on or joined their parents' health plans” in 2011. Not all of those people were uninsured; some simply joined their parents' plans for other reasons.
“For the last two years, after going up at three times the rate of inflation for a decade, for the last two years, health care costs have been under 4 percent in both years for the first time in 50 years.”
— Clinton
Clinton tried to attribute this decline in health costs to the health-care law, but much of it has not yet been implemented. Most economists say the slowdown is more likely because of the lousy economy.
“It's tempting to think that provider initiatives are truly denting costs, but it's hard for changes in provider behavior to influence costs before they occur,” said a recent article in Modern Healthcare magazine. “Instead, the drop in healthcare cost growth is primarily attributable to the Great Recession's impact on employment, private health insurance, government revenues and budgets.”
Indeed, government actuaries in June published an article in Health Affairs predicting health-care costs would begin to spike as the health-care law was implemented. “For 2011 through 2021, national health spending is projected to grow at an average rate of 5.7 percent annually, which would be 0.9 percentage point faster than the expected annual increase in the gross domestic product during this period,” the article said.
“Soon the insurance companies — not the government, the insurance companies — will have millions of new customers, many of them middle-class people with preexisting conditions who never could get insurance before.”
— Clinton
Actually, the original Congressional Budget Office estimate is that 16 million people would end up in private coverage and 16 million would end up on Medicaid. But the Medicaid number may shrink as a result of the Supreme Court ruling allowing states to opt out of the expansion of the program.
“The administration agreed to give [welfare] waivers to those governors and others only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent, and they could keep the waivers only if they did increase employment.”
— Clinton
We have written previously how the Romney campaign is exaggerating the immediate effect of the change in welfare rules, while at the same time it appears clear the Obama administration issued this notice without much consultation with Republicans in Congress. Something fishy may be going on.
The subject is worthy of a longer fact check in the future, but it is worth noting that prominent critics of the shift have raised interesting questions about this supposed 20-percent requirement. Clinton used this figure as a defense of the administration's move, but there may be less to this than meets the eye.
“Democrats will preserve and strengthen Medicare. Republicans will end the Medicare guarantee.”
— House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi (Calif.)
“He also didn't tell you that Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan wanted to end the Medicare guarantee and turn it into a voucher, which would leave seniors with the increased cost.”
— Rep. Steny H. Hoyer (D-Md.)
The claim that Republicans will “end the Medicare guarantee” has been a frequent refrain at the convention, perhaps in response to fact-checker complaints about the incorrect charge last year that Republicans would “end Medicare.” But this phrase is a bit odd since there is no actual “guarantee” for any program that can be changed by some future Congress.
The most recent version of the Medicare overhaul promoted by GOP vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan would allow all seniors to remain on traditional Medicare or try private plans subsidized by the government. The plan's emphasis on reducing costs might require seniors to pay more out of pocket, but much is still uncertain about the full impact — years from now.
“Let me ask you: What do you think Mitt Romney would have done if that call came in? Well, Mitt Romney already told us what they would do. Mitt Romney says they like to fire people. And Barack Obama? They like to see people hired.”
— Gov. Jack Martell (Del.)
“After all, Mitt Romney's the guy who said corporations are people.”
— Massachusetts Senate candidate Elizabeth Warren
These are a good examples of Democrats taking comments out of context, just as Republicans at last week's convention devoted an entire evening to an out-of-context Obama quote. (Of course, it was Republican rival Jon Huntsman who first tried to make hay out of the “fire people” statement earlier this year.)
Here's what Romney actually said, in a speech to the Nashua Chamber of Commerce: “I want individuals to have their own insurance. That means the insurance company will have an incentive to keep you healthy. It also means that if you don't like what they do, you can fire them. I like being able to fire people who provide services to me. If, you know, if someone doesn't give me the good service I need, I want to say, you know, that I'm going to go get somebody else to provide that service to me.”
In other words, they were making a point about choice in health care — not hiring.
The remark about corporations, meanwhile, was an off-the-cuff response to a heckler as part of an exchange in which they added that “everything corporations earn ultimately goes to people.”
For more, look at the four videos we have produced that show how both campaigns have taken such gaffes out of context.
“Because when Mitt Romney says he'll get rid of Planned Parenthood and turn the clock back on a century of progress, it has real consequences for the 3 million patients who depend on Planned Parenthood each year.”
— Cecil Richards, president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America.
This is another example of Romney's remarks being taken out of context.
This is their full statement:
“You get rid of Obamacare, but there are others,” Romney told CNN affiliate KDSK of St. Louis. “Planned Parenthood, we're gonna get rid of that. The subsidy for Amtrak, I would eliminate that. The National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, both excellent programs, but we can't afford to borrow money to pay for these things.”
In other words, they were talking about government funding.
“He singled out some areas of the budget they would eliminate or curtail, all in the name of achieving a balanced budget,” Romney adviser Eric Fehrnstrom said later. “It would not be getting rid of the organization. They have other sources of funding besides government operations, but in order to achieve balance, we have to make some tough decisions about spending.”
A federal budget cut might be painful for the organization. Planned Parenthood's budget is more than $1 billion, of which $489 million is for government health services grants, much of it for Medicaid funding. About $75 million of that is for family planning, none of which can be used for abortions.
“No, there wasn't any discord…. It was absolutely two-thirds.”
— Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz (Fla.), DNC chair, interviewed on CNN
Wasserman Schultz, who on Wednesday earned Four Pinocchios for denying they made a statement that was caught on tape, insisted to the news network that Democrats were united in adding a reference to the Democrats' platform that Jerusalem was Israel's capital. The move was made after Republicans called attention to the fact that language from the 2008 platform had been dropped, alarming Jewish Democrats.
Yet Wasserman Schultz's remarks are puzzling because Convention Chairman Antonio R. Villaraigosa had to ask three times for “aye” votes before concluding that the amendment had a two-thirds majority.
As The Post's Scott Wilson reported, “The vote was far from decisive, however, and left many delegates who opposed the reinstatement of the language angry about the outcome. Some stood up from their seats inside the Time Warner Arena, shaking their fingers at Villaraigosa.”
Mark Landler of The New York Times reported that the change was “approved in a voice vote that had to be taken three times because of a chorus of noes in the arena.... The changes were meant to be a routine bit of business.... But they turned into a minor spectacle after the hall seemed balanced between yes and no votes, providing an unruly start to an evening meant to showcase attacks on Mitt Romney by former President Bill Clinton and others.”
Given such on-the-ground reporting, their claim of “no discord” is simply not credible.
(As is our practice, we generally do not award Pinocchios for these instant wrap-ups.)
(About our rating scale)
Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .
Track each presidential candidate's campaign ads
Read our biggest Pinocchios
On October 11, Lil Wayne will release their prison memoir Gone 'Til November (via Penguin). The book is based on Wayne's diary entries written during their prison stint in New York's Rikers Island in 2010. Included among them is their story about marrying two fellow male inmates, Page Six reports and Pitchfork can confirm. In the book, Wayne writes that they and others decorated the halls with toilet paper and celebrated with Gatorade, which “is liquid gold in this bitch.” They describe the scene, “Imagine seeing grown-ass men in jail hanging tissue for wedding decorations...AND one of them is Lil Wayne...Crazy.”
Elsewhere in Gone 'Til November, Wayne writes about watching “American Idol,” and getting visits from Kanye West, Puff Daddy, and Drake, who went to tell Wayne that they slept with their girlfriend while they were in prison. They write, “Finding out that they [bleeped] Drake was the absolute worst thing I could have found out. Drizzy came to see me, they were like, ‘Yeah, it's true.' Damn! This is the type of [bleep] a man never wants to find out while they are locked up.”
> Strictly speaking neoliberalist policies aren't authoritarian dictatorships. But they needed those regimens to exist in these countries and thus were unseparable from them. You can't say neoliberalism is authoritarian dictatorships abstractly yet you can say neoliberalism was historically inseparable of dictatorships in the context of the '70s in Latin América.
Except the vast majority of countries operating under a neoliberal economic, like most of the western world, didn't need an authoritarian dictatorship to implement its policies. And before you bring up how those don't count because they were already politically or economically stable or whatnot, I'd direct you to Rwanda and Namibia which aggressively liberalized to the massive benefit of the living standards of their countries without murdering thousands of people. (Also I'd like to see you defend the accusations you make against neoliberalism in your first paragraph against your precious socialism, because if you thought the ratio of murderous dicatorships to non-murderous was bad for neoliberalism, you haven't seen anything!)
> For the policies killing people, austerity, privatisation of public services to private foreign interests, reduction of subsidies, are basic facts that deteriorate human life. For example Macri the neoliberal president taking the subsidies of mental handicapped people over here, or increasing the water and other services taxes. Also salaries don't reach inflation levels.
I'll agree that austerity and privatization of (many) public services is bad, but I'll make the point that a large portion (if not) of /r/neoliberal doesn't support these policies, which is why I mentioned earlier that /r/neoliberal isn't really neoliberal. However I'll agree that those policies are bad for the average person. As for subsidies, its a basic economic fact that in most cases those hurt the average person, not protect them.
> Neoliberalist policies create disconfort in the workers and thus protests arise much more
Ah yes, all that discomfort amongst the masses of poor workers in Asia who are seeing unparalleled growth in living standards. I'm sure the former Vietnamese farmer whose wealth tripled from taking a factory job would love for the "neoliberal" policies which led to them living a much better life to go away.
"Neoliberalism" only creates net discomfort amongst the working class from a very narrow Western perspective.
The NHL essentially existed since 1909 under the banner National Hockey Association. That league debuted teams in Renfrew, Cobalt, Haileybury (all in Ontario) and two teams in Montreal - the Wanderers and the Canadiens - yes, the same Montreal Canadiens. The Ottawa Senators and Montreal Shamrocks joined soon after.
The NHA had a rocky existence. Not only did they have to survive as a fledgling startup but the Eastern based pro-hockey league had to compete with the Western based Pacific Coast Hockey Association for player rights and Stanley Cup championships.
The NHA also had to deal with significant in-fighting. Clashes over control of the league grew increasingly fierce as several owners of teams feuded with Toronto Blueshirts owner Eddie Livingstone. They were kind of the George Steinbrenner of their day - the controversial and meddling owner that others would go great lengths to get rid of.
How far did the owners of the NHA go to get rid of Eddie Livingstone? In November 1917, at Montreal's famed Windsor Hotel, they shut down the entire NHA and reopened a whole new league minus Mr. Livingstone.
The National Hockey League was born.
The NHL's original franchises were the Ottawa Senators, the Toronto Arenas (popularly called the Blueshirts or Torontos, but one day they would evolve into the Maple Leafs) and two teams from Montreal - the Canadiens and the Wanderers. A fifth team was granted admission, but the Quebec Bulldogs did not begin playing until the 1918-19 season.
The NHL's inaugural 22 game schedule opened on December 19th, 1917. Montreal Wanderers defenseman
The Canadiens also boasted The NHL's inaugural 22 game schedule opened on December 19th, 1917. Montreal Wanderers defenseman Dave Ritchie scored the first goal in NHL history (one minute into the NHL's first game) then added another goal in the third period, in a 10-9 opening night victory over the visiting Toronto Arenas, before a crowd of 700 fans. Joe Malone - the former Quebec sniper who joined the Canadiens this season - emerges as the first superstar in NHL history. They scored an unbelievable 44 goals in just 20 games. Three times they scored 5 goals in one game, including on the only other game on opening night.The Canadiens also boasted Georges Vezina in net. They were the goaltending star in the NHL's earliest days. They led all 'tenders with 12 wins and in Goals Against Average with 3.93 - a very respectable number in those high scoring days. On February 18th, 1918 they recorded the NHL's very first shutout performance as Montreal blanked Toronto 9-0.
Times were good in Montreal for Les Canadiens but the city's English team, the Wanderers, were doomed to fail. On January 2nd, 1918 the Montreal Arena - home to both the Wanderers and Canadiens - suspiciously burned down. Wanderers' owner Sam Lichtenhein pulls the plug on the franchise after just 6 games (1-5). The Canadiens continue on, moving to the 3250 seat Jubilee Rink. They would move to the Montreal Forum upon its completion.
Frank Calder, the former secretary treasurer of the NHA, was named as the NHL's first president. When they were not dealing with burned down buildings and team foldings they found time to oversee the institution of a groundbreaking rule change. The NHL allowed goalies to leave their feet to cover the puck. Can you imagine a goalie nowadays who was never allowed to flop down on to their knees to play? Back then it was against the rules and subject to a $2 fine!
Ottawa goalie Clint Benedict was the real reason for the rule change. They dubbed them "Praying Bennie" because they were often down on their knees, feigning an accidental fall to the ice with regularity. Calder had had enough and reportedly said "As far as I'm concerned they can stand on their heads."
The NHL may have barely survived it's inaugural season, finishing with just three teams and skating on thin financial ice. But they did capture the Stanley Cup. The Toronto Arenas defeated the Montreal Canadiens to win the NHL title in a two game, total goals series 10-7. Toronto, playing out of the Mutual Street Arena, then represented the NHL in the Stanley Cup final, defeating the PCHA's Vancouver Millionaires 3 games to 2 in the best of 5 series.
1917 may have seen World War I reaching climaxing heights on the battlefields in Europe. But 1917 also saw a war of a much different in boards rooms in Montreal and Toronto. The outcome was not nearly as important as WWI but the shape of professional hockey was set and the National Hockey League was born.
Untitled a guest Dec 11th, 2012 721 Never a guest721Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.40 KB # A Python script to allow you to 'clone' a customized set of recommended items. # Written by RheingoldRiver. Feel free to modify and share it but please don't # claim you wrote it yourself if you do so. # This code is intended to work with Enigma's Recommended Items Changer. I am # in no way affiliated with Enigma and any errors here are entirely my own. # If you have League installed in a different directory, edit the variables # dirOrig and dirNew accordingly. # The inputs are (1) a string of the champion whose build you want to clone; # (2) a vector of strings of the champions to which you want to clone the build; # (3) a string denoting which mode you want to take the build from; and (4) # a string denoting which mode you want to copy the build to. Mode strings are # "sr" for Summoner's Rift"; "dom" for Dominion; "pg" for Proving Grounds ARAM; # and "tt" for Twisted Treeline. # Example inputs: # cloneBuild("Sona",["Janna","Nami","Lulu"],"sr","sr") # will copy your Summoner's Rift Sona build to Janna, Nami, and Lulu on # Summoner's Rift. # cloneBuild("Irelia",["Irelia"],"sr","dom") # will copy your Summoner's Rift Irelia build to Irelia on Dominion. # If one of your builds contains items not available on a particular map then # the program will still work; those items will just not appear in your # recommended items on that map. # This code is only somewhat tested, so make sure you create a backup # before using it. import os def cloneBuild(orig,new,mode1,mode2): d1 = {"dom":"8", "sr":"1", "tt":"10", "pg":"3"} d2 = {"sr":"CLASSIC", "dom":"ODIN", "tt":"CLASSIC", "pg":"ARAM"} fileOrig = "EnigmaItem_" + d1[mode1] + "_" + d2[mode1] + "-0.json" dirOrig = 'C:/Riot Games/League of Legends/Config/Champions/' + orig + '/Recommended/' fOrig = dirOrig + fileOrig f1 = open(fOrig,'r') s = f1.readline() f1.close() for champ in new: fileNew = "EnigmaItem_" + d1[mode2] + "_" + d2[mode2] + "-0.json" dirNew = 'C:/Riot Games/League of Legends/Config/Champions/' + champ + '/Recommended/' if not os.path.exists(dirNew): os.makedirs(dirNew) fNew = dirNew + fileNew f2 = open(fNew,'w') s = s.replace(orig,champ) s = s.replace(d2[mode1],d2[mode2]) s = s.replace("\"map\":\""+d1[mode1]+"\"","\"map\":\""+d1[mode2]+"\"") f2.write(s) f2.close()
RAW Paste Data
# A Python script to allow you to 'clone' a customized set of recommended items. # Written by RheingoldRiver. Feel free to modify and share it but please don't # claim you wrote it yourself if you do so. # This code is intended to work with Enigma's Recommended Items Changer. I am # in no way affiliated with Enigma and any errors here are entirely my own. # If you have League installed in a different directory, edit the variables # dirOrig and dirNew accordingly. # The inputs are (1) a string of the champion whose build you want to clone; # (2) a vector of strings of the champions to which you want to clone the build; # (3) a string denoting which mode you want to take the build from; and (4) # a string denoting which mode you want to copy the build to. Mode strings are # "sr" for Summoner's Rift"; "dom" for Dominion; "pg" for Proving Grounds ARAM; # and "tt" for Twisted Treeline. # Example inputs: # cloneBuild("Sona",["Janna","Nami","Lulu"],"sr","sr") # will copy your Summoner's Rift Sona build to Janna, Nami, and Lulu on # Summoner's Rift. # cloneBuild("Irelia",["Irelia"],"sr","dom") # will copy your Summoner's Rift Irelia build to Irelia on Dominion. # If one of your builds contains items not available on a particular map then # the program will still work; those items will just not appear in your # recommended items on that map. # This code is only somewhat tested, so make sure you create a backup # before using it. import os def cloneBuild(orig,new,mode1,mode2): d1 = {"dom":"8", "sr":"1", "tt":"10", "pg":"3"} d2 = {"sr":"CLASSIC", "dom":"ODIN", "tt":"CLASSIC", "pg":"ARAM"} fileOrig = "EnigmaItem_" + d1[mode1] + "_" + d2[mode1] + "-0.json" dirOrig = 'C:/Riot Games/League of Legends/Config/Champions/' + orig + '/Recommended/' fOrig = dirOrig + fileOrig f1 = open(fOrig,'r') s = f1.readline() f1.close() for champ in new: fileNew = "EnigmaItem_" + d1[mode2] + "_" + d2[mode2] + "-0.json" dirNew = 'C:/Riot Games/League of Legends/Config/Champions/' + champ + '/Recommended/' if not os.path.exists(dirNew): os.makedirs(dirNew) fNew = dirNew + fileNew f2 = open(fNew,'w') s = s.replace(orig,champ) s = s.replace(d2[mode1],d2[mode2]) s = s.replace("\"map\":\""+d1[mode1]+"\"","\"map\":\""+d1[mode2]+"\"") f2.write(s) f2.close()
“I always swore I'd never sue anybody, but I am prepared to make an exception for McQuaid and Verbruggen”
Journalist and author Paul Kimmage has long been one of the loudest voices calling for change within the UCI and has reiterated that demand in a video interview conducted over the weekend.
The former professional was one of those who attended the first meeting of the Change Cycling Now group Sunday and again today, and helped come up with a charter laying out what they feel is a necessary path towards reform.
Kimmage spoke to VeloNation prior to flying to London, giving their thoughts in an interview carried out after a talk in front of a large crowd in Limerick. Organised by the Cycle for Sick Children club and raising almost €3,000 for charity, the evening was the first occasion in two decades for them to speak in such a format.
They received a very positive reception from those present and said afterwards that they appreciated the chance to engage.
“It was lovely to be able to engage with some Irish bike fans about a difficult subject for the first time in the 22 years since Rough Ride was published,” they said on Saturday evening. “It was a very, very interesting experience.”
As might be expected, some of the questions put to Kimmage concerned the Change Cycling Now group and what they wanted to see come out of the meeting. They said that they hoped some good ideas could be formulated which would help move cycling forward.
“I have got some ideas about simple things that can be done to change our sport for good, and I am sure there are more intelligent minds in the Change Cycling Now movement that will have an even more valuable contribution to make,” they said.
However they are clear that two areas needed particular attention. “All the talk we do will achieve nothing if first base is not the removal of McQuaid and Verbruggen from the UCI,” they said in the ten minute interview, which can be watched below.
They also advocate the establishment of a fully independent anti-doping body for the sport, completely separate to the UCI. “To ask the governing body to be promoters and police officers of a sport is a no-no,” they asserted, echoing the thoughts of many.
Both of these recommendations were subsequently endorsed by Change Cycling Now, which laid out its charter earlier today.
Kimmage: “I am more than prepared to make an exception for McQuaid and Verbruggen”
In addition to their input with that organisation, Kimmage is also involved in pushing for change via a different avenue. On November 1st they lodged a criminal complaint against current UCI president Pat McQuaid and former president Hein Verbruggen, requesting that the public prosecutor in Vevey, Switzerland, open an investigation into the duo.
The development came after the UCI duo themselves put a case against them on hold.
Kimmage confirmed that they are still awaiting a decision from the prosecutor about whether or not they will proceed. “I've been told by my lawyer that they feel confident that they [the prosecutor] will actually direct the Swiss police to investigate it, but I won't know that for another week or possibly a bit longer,” they said.
Kimmage said that their lawyer, Cédric Aguet, is convinced there is an '80 percent chance' that the case will proceed. However they said that even if it does not go forward, that they would consider initiating a civil action. “I've always been really reluctant about suing anybody…especially in our job as journalists,” they said. “It makes life much more difficult.
“I always swore I'd never sue anybody, but I am more than prepared to make an exception for McQuaid and Verbruggen because the damage they have done to the sport…I think they have done this sport a serious amount of damage and they need to be held to account for that.”
In the video, Kimmage also talks about their time in New York last week, meeting NYVelocity's Andy Shen and Dan Schmalz plus Cyclismas' Lesli Cohen at NYVelocity's charity roller races. He's clearly touched by the support they have received from the fans and via the defence fund which those three individuals set up, and which has raised over $92,000 thus far.
They also weigh in on the Lance Armstrong situation, explaining a development which they felt was even more surprising than the Texan being found guilty after years of evading detection.
Kimmage has, like many, been following the developments in relation to the independent commission which has been set up to look into the UCI's handling of the Lance Armstrong situation plus anti-doping in general.
They said that it was important to give that commission time to investigate those areas, but also stated that personally, he's convinced that there are serious grounds for concern about what went on.
“The evidence is pretty compelling that McQuaid and Verbruggen have been complicit in this,” they said, when asked if they felt that the commission would indeed be neutral and would dig objectively. “If they can't find that, they are obviously not looking.
“I'm not going to pre-judge on their competence…I am just hoping they will do the right thing and do it well.”
A top adviser to Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei boasted of Iran's robust influence in the Middle East Saturday, claiming victory in Syria, and said that their country's first line of defense is now the Lebanese border with Israel.
“Our frontmost line of defense is no more [in southern Iran], rather this line is now in southern Lebanon [on the border] with Israel, as our strategic depth has now stretched to the Mediterranean coasts and just to the north of Israel,” Yahya Rahim Safavi said in a speech to a group of Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) veterans, the semi-official Fars news outlet reported Saturday.
Iran has long maintained hegemony in southern Lebanon via its support of the Hezbollah terror group, which is seen as Tehran's regional proxy.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Safavi said Iran's strategy of supporting Syrian President Bashar Assad against an insurgency had succeeded in thwarting Western powers.
“Certainly, the US, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Qatar and the European countries' strategy to overthrow [Syrian President] Bashar Assad has failed and this failure is a strategic failure for the western, Arab and Zionist front and a great victory for the Islamic Republic of Iran,” they said.
Iran is the Assad regime's staunchest ally and has exhibited the extent of its regional influence in helping to turn the tide of the Syrian civil war in Assad's favor.
For much of the war Hezbollah declined to get involved, but sent troops last year after reportedly receiving pressure to do so from Iran.
Since Hezbollah became involved, forces loyal to the regime have made major gains in the war, pushing rebels out of key areas along the Lebanese border.
While Iran was shut out of an international peace conference on Syria in January, many analysts have questioned whether a peaceful solution can be attained without the Islamic Republic's involvement, and numerous countries, including Russia, as well as the UN, have lobbied for its inclusion.
Why Care About Super Smash Bros?
Justin "Popi" Banusing
Shouts erupt across the ballroom of the Royal Dearborn hotel in Dearborn, Michigan. The spectators have congregated like faithful disciples. The matches are intense. The excitement runs high. Even in just the preliminary rounds, a sea of people have gathered to see one of the best, if not the best Sonic specialist Joe “Seagull Joe” Raucher face off against the reigning champion, Gonzalo “TSM | ZeRo” Barrios.
The sound, “And the winner is… Sonic!”, is played by the speakers. As it is played, no amount of words can describe the noise that deafens any other. The man, Seagull Joe, is carried by the crowd and chants bearing their name can be heard from all over.
This is the sight that attendees witnessed at The Big House 5, one of the largest grassroots Super Smash Bros. events of all time with over 2000 attendees. Why did so many players from all over the world come to Michigan of all places to compete in a gaming tournament? Why was there so much excitement to see a 6th grade science teacher beat a Chilean teenager?
What Is Super Smash Bros.
For the uninitiated, Super Smash Bros. is a series of not-exactly platforming and not-exactly fighting games (hence the moniker “Platform Fighter”) by Nintendo. Whilst traditional fighting games which have original characters , the roster is comprised of a colorful cast of Nintendo all-stars ranging from familiar faces like Mario and Pikachu to the lesser known characters like Fox and Captain Falcon.
The game-play is easy enough: knock your opponent off the stage's borders in any way possible be it horizontally or vertically. The playing area, known as a stage, is a rectangular box that is themed after various Nintendo franchises. Matches can range from 8 man free-for-all fights to one-on-one showdowns. The simplicity and the variety of playing methods is what makes the game appealing to the casual gaming audience.
Another thing that new players will notice is the lack of a health bar. In it's place is a “percentage meter”. The meter gains “percent” through by being attacked. Essentially, the more percentage a player has, the knock-back or the distance they or they will go when attacked is increased.
It may seem simple on the surface, but there is a much deeper game hidden within the one-on-one metagame. Theorycrafters such as Corey “LoF | False” Shin have dedicated time and effort in order to optimize and play the game in the most efficient ways possible. In fact, the competitive community thrives on in-game breakthroughs and educational content. As a result, competitive play, is an entirely different beast when compared to casual play.
Dedication
The year is 2015 and when one hears the word “eSports”, the first things that come to mind are millions of dollars in prize pools, hundreds of thousands of viewers and a multitude of corporate sponsors. Super Smash Bros. doesn't fit any of those. It wasn't even meant to be a competitive game.
Even the fighting game community, as grassroots as it is, receives more support towards competitive play by the developers and outside organizations. It was only recently that organizations like Cloud 9 and Team Solo Mid have supported the scene. The largest contribution that Nintendo themselves have done is the lending of game hardware to tournaments. While it is certainly helpful, it's a far cry when compared to the support Capcom gives to Street Fighter.
Nonetheless, a competitive scene thrives up to this date and is still going strong with a thousand man tournaments happening quarterly. Players haul gigantic CRTs, a type of television households would have if they were in the 90's, from city to city and in some cases, even country to country all for the sake of minimal input lag when compared to modern televisions.
The compensation? At the most, participants who bring equipment receive a small discount towards the registration fee. In most cases, nothing. It is this level of dedication that kept the community steady for years ever since its inception during the early 2000's.
Storylines
What spectator sport is complete without some drama to spice things up? Just like the WWE and others, Super Smash Bros. comes with it's own fair share of storylines. Some of these are very recent like the feud between William “TSM | Leffen” Hjelte and Weston “Tempo Storm | Westballz” Denis, whereas others like the age-old rivalry of Juan “Team Liquid | Hungrybox” Debiedma and Joseph “Cloud 9 | Mango” Marquez have been present since 2007.
While highly technical and fast-paced gameplay is one thing that keeps viewers hooked, the history between two players fighting makes the match much more meaningful. The image storylines paint onto top players helps viewers relate to them in a way the wouldn't if they were just watching them play.
In Dreamhack Winter 2015, an emotional Hungrybox poured their heart out in a post-victory interview about how their father never approved of their gaming career. A normally disliked player, both their supporters and naysayers shared tears with them as they cried tears of joy on livestream.
Yes, Dota 2, League of Legends and other eSports have storylines too. Who could forget the bromance between Jacky “Secret | Eternalenvy” Mao and Artour “Evil Geniuses | Arteezy” Babaev?
The one thing that separates Super Smash Bros. professional and the ones of other games. It's that there is little to no difference between a pro and “normal” player.
Community
That's right. A person who just started the game a week ago can approach any top player and be treated like a friend. In fact, the community frowns upon top player worship.
In contrast with other eSports, who have tournaments at large arenas and stadiums, the average tournament looks like this. You could say that it resembles a gathering of friends rather than a tournament.
What makes the experience are the people. Many community members such as Daniel “Tafokints” Lee, a NASA engineer, dedicate hours of their time to provide world-class content for the community. Tournament organizers like Robin “Juggleguy” Harn spend thousands of dollars to host large scale events not for profit, but for players' enjoyment
To top it all off, the community is welcoming to any and all new players. Come to any tournament and someone will definitely teach you the ropes without expecting anything in return except for more competition.
Fun
Of course, the series wouldn't be relevant at all if they weren't fun. From casual to competitive play, millions all over the world enjoy Super Smash Bros.
Play Super Smash Bros. Whether it's friends or glory, it's something you should try.
Where?
For those living in Asia, check out SmashAsia for updates on the Eastern scene. Likewise, Melee It On Me, Smashboards and /r/smashbros are the places to go for the Western scene. Everyone in the Philippines can also join Smash Bros Philippines.
Photo Credit: Michael Studinger/NASA Sea ice in the Bellingshausen Sea seen from NASA's DC-8 aircraft flying at 1,500 ft above ground. Total sea ice extent around Antarctica reach a record or near-record high in August 2013, part of a long-term trend.
Spreading out
Antarctic sea ice nears record extent once again
Antarctic sea ice extent in mid-August reached a record or near-record level high at 18.7 million square kilometers, according to the National Snow and Ice Data Center .
The positive growth of total sea ice extent around Antarctica, which averages 18 million square kilometers at the height of winter, is part of a long-term trend and is consistent with how scientists believe climate change affects the southernmost continent. [See previous article — Record extent: 2010 climate report notes Antarctic sea ice grows while world warms.]
Photo Credit: NSIDC A graph shows the extent of Antarctic sea ice extent in recent years against the 40-year average.
Unusually extensive ice was reported in the Bellingshausen, Amundsen, and Ross seas, and in the western Indian Ocean sector.
Climate conditions since June have been variable, but the most recent surge in ice growth has occurred during a period of unusually high pressure over the center of the continent, resulting in a slowing of the circumpolar winds, warm winter conditions for the central ice sheet areas and cold conditions in the Bellingshausen, allowing ice to grow extensively there.
In contrast to the Antarctic, sea ice in the Arctic has undergone dramatic losses in recent years.
Sea ice is an important feature of the Earth's climate system because it reflects solar energy back into space. Its decline in the Arctic is problematic, in part, because less reflective cover means more solar energy is absorbed by the dark ocean, which raises temperatures. In turn, that melts more sea ice, allowing more solar energy to reach the surface in a positive feedback loop.
If you've been keeping up at all with the news, you're probably either puzzled, amused, angered or excited by the current landscape of political contenders.
But one thing we can all agree on is that in 2016, a key issue will be military spending.
In 2015, we saw the trillion-dollar F-35 program come under fire–with a barrage of bipartisan critique–for its many failings: the lack of a reliable engine; fuel tank and hydraulic system flaws; poor cockpit visibility; and a host of other technical and management problems.
We were so intrigued by the vast amount of money spent on this program–$400 billion for 2,457 planes–that we decided to visualize this amount with an appealing infographic.
When it comes to abstract amounts–such as numbers in the billions and trillions–the best way to make sense of them is through comparisons using more relatable figures and images, such as the number of Eiffel Towers this would represent in terms of distance (if the bills were placed end to end); or how much area this would be equivalent to if the bills were spread out flat.
Based on our own research and calculations, our custom infographics design team created this entertaining infographic, which may give you inspiration for some of your own enlightening data visualizations.
What did you think? We would love to hear your reactions and thoughts in the comments section below.
And if you'd like to create your own visual comparisons and simple data visualizations, you can try some of these free Venn diagram templates.
As those who analyze League of Legends often do, I convinced myself that I understood the EU LCS after Week 4. I had certain expectations, and sure upsets would occur, but as teams would evolve, they had foreseeable trajectories.
I am also a follower of the League of Legends Pro League, so I'm used to being completely wrong. Though while I stand staunchly by a lot of conclusions I made in last week's examination of differences between NA and EU LCS, a few massive questions stuck out. Fnatic proved far further from a new rise than anticipated, G2's effective stomp of Fnatic became a mere memory with Origen claiming yet another extended victory over them on Day 2, and something is happening with Giants.
Even with the exceedingly delayed Origen game, matches ended much more decisively after an important play and stayed in the control of the hands of the early game winner. Fewer back-and-forths and more momentum-based games characterized Week 5.
Fnatic's flummoxing 0-4
When Fnatic found their place as the first place team in the EU LCS, they appeared to have started to refine a lot of their initial inklings of strategy. This week, Fnatic didn't win a single game. Both G2 Esports and Giants identified problems with Fnatic's playstyle and exploited them, affirming the once-grandiose Fnatic is far from "there," wherever their final destination may take them.
Fnatic's losses to Giants and G2 make a lot of sense since these teams seem to do what Fnatic wants to do with their new team — only better. Playing around Lee "Spirit" Dayoon has presented a split-long struggle for EU's favorite orange-and-black, and every time they seem to have figured it out, they stumble tragically.
Spirit plays the role of carry and central figure for Fnatic. The team has settled on a style that facilitates their ability to farm effectively, sometimes at the expense of ganks and early vision. G2, Fnatic and Giants sit in the top four for percentage of jungle creeps secured on average per game with G2 at 54.8 percent, Fnatic at 53 percent and Giants at 51.3 percent.
Yet something Fnatic struggled with this week is coordinating Spirit's map movement with the rest of the team. Casters heavily emphasized Noh "Gamsu" Yeongjin's greed in extending too far in the long lane for creeps in Game 1 of Fnatic vs. G2. Yet in this game, the first time they extended, Spirit was in the enemy blue jungle, primed to react at a moment's notice. When Spirit left the jungle, Gamsu initially backed off, but when they saw Jesper "Zven" Svenningsen pass over the wolf spirit towards the top side, they canceled their recall and continued farming, assuming they aren't under threat. By the time they were ganked, Spirit was in their own blue buff jungle, on the opposite side of the map.
G2 utilized Spirit's lack of coordination with Gamsu — as they both looked to farm in the early game — to destabilize Fnatic's composition in the late game. Fnatic gave up lane advantages across the board to allow Spirit to farm while G2 got the matchups they wanted to pressure. Gamsu, as Shen, presented the only real protection for Spirit's Graves against Kim "Trick" Gangyun's Olaf, as the Olaf could easily pass through crowd control and get to Spirit. With Gamsu punished in the early game and set behind, G2 completely unraveled Fnatic's strategy without them putting up much resistance.
In the Giants games, Fnatic had even more of their issues exposed. Recently, Fnatic have played well around supporting Spirit's jungle invade attempts, but in the Giants series, Na "NighT" Gunwoo and Morgan "Hustlin" Granberg constantly reacted before Fabian "Febiven" Diepstraten and Bora "YellOwStaR" Kim to assist Nubar "Maxlore" Sarafian, at times even when Fnatic's laners had a push advantage, so Giants had to give up farm to come to their jungler's aid.
I found this particularly strange given that Fnatic's bottom lane seemed to constantly preempt invades in Week 4, at one point to the extent that Martin "Rekkles" Larsson and YellOwStaR would begin farming camps to allow Spirit to last hit them. But this strategy also requires a great deal of lane control from favorable matchups as well as vision.
Compared to previous seasons, Fnatic have lacked somewhat in vision control, and a lot of this comes down to team coordination in laying wards. Gamsu places the lowest wards per minute of any top laner in Europe, and both Febiven and Rekkles are in the middle of the pack. A great deal of vision, statistically for Fnatic, comes from YellOwStaR and Spirit with both sitting near the top in their roles for wards placed per minute. That doesn't mean that Spirit prioritizes early vision.
In the first ten minutes of all four games Fnatic played, Trick and Maxlore prioritized vision items. Trick bought a Sightstone before completing their Stalker's Blade in Game 1 and purchased a Tracker's Knife early in Game 2. Maxlore bought a Tracker's Knife early in Game 1 and purchased a Sightstone at the same time as their Stalker's Blade in Game 2. Spirit bought neither a Sightstone nor a Tracker's Knife within the first ten minutes of either game, making it easier for enemy junglers to repeat invades by laying vision on the first visit. On average, enemy junglers placed 2.75 more wards in the first ten minutes of Fnatic's games in Week 5. This allowed Giants and G2 to have information that allowed them to react before Fnatic's laners.
With games getting decided earlier this week in the LCS, early vision will matter more, especially for teams trying to play around their jungler. These missteps are things Fnatic will need to revisit for Week 6. Unless Spirit takes earlier initiative for wards or gets more help with early warding, Fnatic may find themselves falling further behind in crucial early game moments.
Origen's minions vs. G2 Esports
Origen either play 80 minute games where they've controlled the pace for most of the match and strangle out their opponents with three waves of super minions, or they play games that are half as long, ending in their defeat. Or at least that's how it seems lately with Origen's 1-1 series against G2 Esports and Fnatic.
Let's start with what Origen have done well. In their wins, they identify the strong side the map and pressure advantages more effectively than their opponents by taking objectives. Against G2, when Maurice "Amazing" Stückenschneider ganked the top side 2v2 after Paul "sOAZ" Boyer's team sent them to the bottom lane, G2 likely assumed Amazing had pathed away on sOAZ's back. Since sOAZ had just pushed out the wave, and Origen had much better control on top side, however, they had stayed around for the gank, getting Origen their initial lead. The team then pressured well for a turret.
When G2 made a similar play, ganking sOAZ at around 20 minutes, they didn't make sure to secure vision on the top side around Baron pit, had trouble converting their kill into map control, and Origen snuck the Baron easily. This shows more objective-oriented play from Origen when they're able to get early leads. The reason for this is also the reason for their maddeningly long games: an emphasis on side waves.
Side wave control has become old hat. Most spectators with a taste for analysis have a grasp on it — rotate lane assignments so that top and bottom minion waves constantly push against the enemy. That way, when your team wins a fight, your minions waves will already be threatening enemy turrets, making them easy to take or allowing you to back and transition immediately to a large neutral monster objective like Baron or dragon without worrying about defending turrets from creeps.
Usually a region has a team that prioritizes that or does it better than other teams. Origen has begun to look like Europe's side wave control team (albeit inconsistently) of 2016 Summer. Reasons for this are multi-faceted. Shoving waves allows Origen to avoid confrontation until Tristan "PowerOfEvil" Schrage, their current primary carry, scales on one of their preferred late game picks. Yet when they get to late game, Origen also may prefer to avoid full-on 5v5s because Enrique "xPeke" Cedeño Martínez is still a new AD carry with imperfect AD carry positioning, meaning major late game threats like Sivir players named Zven could cause team fights to go decidedly out of Origen's favor.
As a result, Origen really would prefer to have their minions win the game for them. This doesn't always work. In Origen's victory over G2, they drafted a nice dive composition, but G2 brought Zilean and Karma to offer anti-dive options, making Origen's attempts to end even more risky. Eventually, with enough of a lead, one really wishes Origen would just dive the Nexus, but for now we can at least appreciate that they aren't doing this for no reason at all.
Are Giants Gaming — actually good?
Of the three puzzles I've chosen to address this week, this is definitely the most challenging. First, because what makes a good team is decidedly subjective. No one can deny that Giants played well this week, winning all four of their games, including two against the once-first-place Fnatic.
Much credit has gone to Giants' top, jungle, and mid laner with casters sometimes making wistful and regretful expressions when the bottom lane enters the conversation. With Jhin, AD carry Son "S0NSTAR" Seungik has become a highlight, even picking up a "Player of the Game." Part of this comes from the fact that S0NSTAR's Jhin, after repeated use, has finally leveled up in precision.
Jhin hasn't been nearly as popular in Europe as in Asia until this weekend when it suddenly went from having been picked in five games to 17. Jhin's catch potential took a lot of teams off guard when S0NSTAR played them in three of Giants' four wins. Their persistence has paid off.
Most of my praise still goes to the top, jungle, and mid with Hustlin getting more involved in jungle plays around Maxlore. Giants' tactic seems to revolve around taking vision control in a specific quadrant of the enemy jungle and repeatedly pressuring it for farm and ganks in the closest side lane. If that jungle quadrant exists on the bottom side of the map, this helps S0NSTAR's laning phase and gives the team more dragon control.
The real key to Giants' up-tick seems to be in taking more early and mid game-focused compositions. This encourages them to group earlier, especially around Maxlore's invades. By taking picks like Rumble or Nidalee, Giants can be much more aggressive early around dragon. By running Thunderlord's on Jhin, a Keystone that synergizes better with an armor penetration build, Jhin's mid game is also less punishing, but he's not as terrifying late as they would be with a crit build. Giants have more reason to put their foot on the gas and force objectives.
Some of these forces could go wrong. With more emphasis on early vision, Fnatic could have prevented some Giants' predictable repeated invasion attempts on their blue buff. Instead of forcing Spirit out, Giants could have found themselves trapped and lost control.
NighT and Maxlore as a duo have begun to look (at least this week) a bit like G2's Luka "PerkZ" Perković and Trick. NighT almost always seems willing to back up Maxlore on their invades or help them with vision control. They keep their own lane well secured. If Giants can continue to build on this core, they can work out a lot of their problems and refine their playstyle enough to actually become a good team.
Yet if the meta shifts away from utility AD carries (like it hasn't in at least a year) or Europe begin to run more compositions that punish Jhin like we've seen in Korea or China, then Giants will have far more problems. S0NSTAR's integration in particular has been slow. Giants may need to continue to put pressure on their lane and find ways for them to play carefully in the back line before one can truly solve this puzzle.
All statistics come from OraclesElixir.com.
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for theScore esports. You can follow them on Twitter.
Forum Sidebar
Events/Features
iamxeph Stream - StarCraft 2
Description: <TSL_Clide> Live!
URL: http://www.teamliquid.net/video/streams/iamxeph
Description: Xeph's Progamer Streaming! This stream "officially" mirrors Korean Starcraft II progamers. Korean progamers don't stream in Korea, because it is too risky; other progamers can easily see their first-person-view and easily analyze the streamer. So please do not record this stream, progamers who stream with my channel is doing their special favor to Teamliquid. Please be nice to them.
Chat Room Commands: !who, !player, !help, !description, !faq
Chat Room Rules: 1. Read this post before you do something. 2. No racism, complaining about progamers, stupid questions, trolling.
Schedule: Stream usually starts at 22:00 KST or right after GSL events.
Notify: Follow me on Justin.tv or Twitter @xephstream to get notified.
Contact: Email: iamxeph@gmail.com Skype: iamxeph IRC: Quakenet #xeph
FAQs
Q: Who are you?
A: I'm Xeph. This is it.
Q: Are you Korean?
A: Yes
Q: Is this restream of stream?
A: Yes. It is. Precisely, this is mirroring.
Q: Where is the original stream? I want to see original stream.
A: It is on DaumPotPlayer, but you cannot watch that. It is unwatchable outside of Korea.
Q: Is this live?
A: Yes. It is live stream from progamers.
Q: Who else progamers are going to be streamed with your stream?
A: I don't know.
Q: Who is the player now?
A: Type !who or !player on the chat room.
Q: I want to do those !help, !description, !player, !who, !faq commands on my chat room. How can I?
A: It is simple mIRC scripts. Google will help you.
Q: What is that overlay you use?
A: Google will help you
Q: Why are you doing this?
A: I just want to make some kinds of connections between Korea progamers and TeamLiquid.
Q: Do you upload replays?
A: Replays are not going to be presented to you.
Q: Where are VODs?
A: VODs are not going to be presented to you. It is too risky for progamers.
Q: Why VODs are risky to progamers?
A: Read the description above.
Q: Can I record your stream?
A: No. Read the description above.
Q: If this is risky to progamer, why do they stream?
A: They are doing this for TeamLiquid. A big favor.
Q: Why am I banned from the chat room?
A: I'm sure you didn't read this before you do something in the chat room.
616 comments. Latest: Jun 23 2011, 22:08 by Bobobberat
I am going to start a new series about sandbox and sandbox evasions. I will utilize data I gathered over last 10 years together with an experience of actually getting my hands dirty and coding my own monitor from the scratch. I actually never considered it a real sandbox, as it does way much more, but I'll use ‘sandbox' here, cuz everyone already knows what it is.
Creating a good sandbox is a very challenging task. Not only it's technically challenging, but you also need to be very selective. One such area where you have to be really specific about what you do is a list of APIs that you need to intercept, because:
if you miss some – you may lose vital information from the report, or fail to intercept one of many ‘escape' mechanisms that modern malware utilizes for evasion purposes (heaven's gate, tricks to launch code under a different process while at the same time fooling the sandbox/av monitor that nothing is going on, etc.)
if you monitor too much – you will get a headache trying to understand the output
There are many ‘schools' of what to intercept. Some people prefer kernel-mode hooks and monitor stuff on a high-level (or, a low-level, depending on where we observe it from). They ‘see' everything, but they miss context of the execution (process, thread, window procedure, etc.). The user-mode monitoring fans are better off when it comes to the context, but they may miss the more complex stuff. In some approaches the monitoring of APIs/services is also supported by extra checks e.g. $MFT, Registry analysis pre- and post-session, and outside-sandbox analysis of disk/file system/memory. Plus, of course network stuff.
I am personally a big fan of user-mode only monitoring. It worked for me for last 10 years pretty well, and while it may miss stuff I believe that wherever evasive or kernel mode stuff is involved you need to simply get your hands dirty and do manual analysis. This btw. is actually the fun part of the malware analyst job 🙂
Note: I am mainly talking about the manual, in-depth analysis of malware and not general-purpose sandbox that is commercially ‘required' to ‘see' it all. This is actually quite a headache to manage and I do not envy sandbox companies that need to worry about it.
Okay. So, if we focus on user-mode monitoring we definitely need to know what to monitor.
One approach that can be taken to figure out what APIs to monitor is…very naive statistics – naive, because based on a simple principle and this is the topic I will cover today.
Most malware nowadays is either packed, or somehow protected. Once it executes, the wrapper launches the actual payload and during this phase it often resolves the APIs. Later on it may inject stuff into other processes, some more APIs may get resolved, and so on and so forth. It can get pretty messy.
Now, there are plenty of methods to resolve the APIs including leveraging the GetProcAddress and/or LdrGetProcedureAddress, or simply walking through the export tables of respective libraries and finding the required API addresses. You can also do pattern searching, brute-force and some fancy algorithmic API address discovery, but these are exotic cases and we don't need to care for them.
I mentioned that this is going to be about naive statistics – this is why we will only look at GetProcAddress. All we need is data.
As long as we execute a large number of samples while we monitor this particular API we can get a nice, and quite a fair representation of popularity of certain APIs. These APIs need to be screened manually and then a subset of them can be selected for monitoring.
So, looking at results of 150K+ sandboxed samples I came up with the following list of APIs (top 100 are listed):
KERNEL32.dll CloseHandle
KERNEL32.dll WriteFile
KERNEL32.dll GetModuleHandleA
KERNEL32.dll ExitProcess
KERNEL32.dll GetLastError
KERNEL32.dll VirtualAlloc
KERNEL32.dll GetProcAddress
KERNEL32.dll VirtualFree
KERNEL32.dll Sleep
KERNEL32.dll LoadLibraryA
KERNEL32.dll SetFilePointer
KERNEL32.dll ReadFile
KERNEL32.dll CreateFileA
KERNEL32.dll WaitForSingleObject
KERNEL32.dll GetModuleFileNameA
KERNEL32.dll FlsFree
KERNEL32.dll FlsGetValue
KERNEL32.dll FlsSetValue
KERNEL32.dll FlsAlloc
KERNEL32.dll MultiByteToWideChar
KERNEL32.dll GetTickCount
KERNEL32.dll FreeLibrary
KERNEL32.dll CreateThread
KERNEL32.dll FindClose
KERNEL32.dll GetFileSize
KERNEL32.dll GetCurrentProcess
KERNEL32.dll GetCurrentThreadId
KERNEL32.dll HeapAlloc
KERNEL32.dll WideCharToMultiByte
ADVAPI32.dll RegCloseKey
KERNEL32.dll GetCurrentProcessId
KERNEL32.dll GetStdHandle
KERNEL32.dll HeapFree
KERNEL32.dll VirtualProtect
KERNEL32.dll DeleteCriticalSection
USER32.dll GetSystemMetrics
KERNEL32.dll LoadResource
KERNEL32.dll LeaveCriticalSection
KERNEL32.dll GetCommandLineA
KERNEL32.dll InitializeCriticalSection
KERNEL32.dll EnterCriticalSection
KERNEL32.dll GlobalAlloc
KERNEL32.dll LocalFree
KERNEL32.dll OpenProcess
KERNEL32.dll TerminateProcess
KERNEL32.dll LockResource
KERNEL32.dll SizeofResource
KERNEL32.dll DeleteFileA
KERNEL32.dll GetModuleFileNameW
KERNEL32.dll SetLastError
KERNEL32.dll SetEndOfFile
KERNEL32.dll RtlUnwind
KERNEL32.dll GetProcessHeap
KERNEL32.dll GetStartupInfoA
KERNEL32.dll GlobalFree
KERNEL32.dll TlsSetValue
KERNEL32.dll DeleteFileW
KERNEL32.dll TlsGetValue
KERNEL32.dll CreateFileW
KERNEL32.dll lstrlenA
KERNEL32.dll GetModuleHandleW
KERNEL32.dll GetSystemTimeAsFileTime
KERNEL32.dll GlobalUnlock
KERNEL32.dll CreateProcessA
KERNEL32.dll InterlockedDecrement
KERNEL32.dll SetUnhandledExceptionFilter
KERNEL32.dll SetEvent
KERNEL32.dll DecodePointer
KERNEL32.dll IsProcessorFeaturePresent
KERNEL32.dll LocalAlloc
KERNEL32.dll UnhandledExceptionFilter
KERNEL32.dll GlobalLock
KERNEL32.dll SetFileTime
KERNEL32.dll RaiseException
KERNEL32.dll CreateMutexA
KERNEL32.dll SetErrorMode
KERNEL32.dll FindFirstFileA
KERNEL32.dll ResumeThread
KERNEL32.dll EncodePointer
KERNEL32.dll InterlockedIncrement
KERNEL32.dll GetTempPathA
KERNEL32.dll GetFileType
ADVAPI32.dll RegOpenKeyExA
KERNEL32.dll GetACP
KERNEL32.dll GetVersionExA
KERNEL32.dll CreateToolhelp32Snapshot
KERNEL32.dll GetCPInfo
KERNEL32.dll GetFileAttributesW
USER32.dll GetMonitorInfoA
KERNEL32.dll SystemTimeToFileTime
USER32.dll MessageBoxA
KERNEL32.dll GetVersion
KERNEL32.dll IsDebuggerPresent
USER32.dll EnumDisplayMonitors
KERNEL32.dll FlushFileBuffers
KERNEL32.dll GetTempPathW
KERNEL32.dll lstrcpyA
KERNEL32.dll HeapReAlloc
KERNEL32.dll ReleaseMutex
KERNEL32.dll TlsAlloc
