Many things have changed since Mauricio Rua and Dan Henderson collided for the first time in the UFC on Nov. 19, 2011, and they now prepare to meet again inside the Octagon at UFC Fight Night 38 in Natal, Brazil.
"Shogun" had just bounced back from the Jon Jones fight with a first-round beating of Forrest Griffin when they entered the cage against Henderson, who was returning to the UFC after racking up vicious knockouts over Fedor Emelianenko, Rafael Cavalcante and Renato Sobral at Strikeforce.
The Brazilian is now coming off a quick win against James Te Huna in December, but Henderson is looking to get back on track now following three consecutive losses. "Shogun", however, doesn't expect Henderson to play it safe in Brazil on March 23.
"He's a tough opponent and comes forward all the time," Rua told MMAFighting.com. "He's a specialist in the striking game and I'm sure he'll try that against me. It's going to be an interesting fight.
"We're both aggressive fighters, we don't go there to play it safe, so it's going to be a great fight. The first fight with Dan Henderson was a war, everybody loved it. Every MMA fan wants to see it again and, God willing, I'll get out with the win this time."
Henderson fought "Shogun" in their home state of California in 2011, but now travels to Brazil to rematch the former light-heavyweight champion.
"Fighting at home is better," the Brazilian said. "There's no time zone changes, no climate changes. It's way better. I'm happy to be fighting in Brazil again against a guy like Dan Henderson, someone that I respect a lot.
"Shogun" says they "already swallowed" the close decision loss to Henderson in 2011, but still disagrees with the judges.
"I can't do anything about it, but I think a draw would have been fairer," they said. "But it's in the past. I'm focused on March 23 now."
"It's a rematch, and I'm going there to get a win. I will go for the finish all the time. Everybody knows that that's how I fight, so I'm going for the knockout."
Getting ready for their 13th UFC fight, "Shogun" confirms he'll continue to work with UFC welterweight Demian Maia and their team in São Paulo, Brazil, for their next fights.
"I've already started my training camp in São Paulo," they said. "Eduardo Alonso is taking care of everything I need, so I just focus on my training. I feel very comfortable there."
What is a racist? (Based on one definition)
A racist is a person that believes race accounts for differentiations in human character or ability and feels their race is superior to others. According to the racial hierarchy orchestrated by whites, Caucasians positioned at the top of the ladder displays the outlook of most whites and other non-whites regarding race and their rank in society.
How did whites get at the top of the racial hierarchy?
The answer to this question is, by force. White people by force conquered nations through thievery, murder, and inhumane treatment throughout history and to date. This is the reason certain non-white nations today are ruled by Caucasians or have strong European influences. In addition, whites forced European ideologies and lifestyles on aboriginal civilizations causing many non-whites overtime to worship white people. This forced position of power played a major role on the minds and lives of the billions of non-whites in the world and is one of the very reasons white people are on the top of the racial ladder and racism still exists today.
Why the majority of whites are racist and don't even realize it?
Though many whites will confidently announce they aren't racist based on underlying factors such as having black or non-white friends, being married to black or non-white people, giving birth to biracial children, having black in-laws etc., these considerations does not exclude them from being classified as a racist, by definition.
Understand being a racist doesn't necessarily insinuate you dislike the other race. A person can like someone but feel they are better than the person they like, we see this every day. It isn't something that has to be announced nor does it have to be expressed through actions it is an innate feeling (regarding race) that majority of whites feel due to societal factors.
Disliking a particular race (for reasons other than feeling your race is superior) does not make you a racist
If there was a race of green people who killed blue people and the blue people raised their children to hate, dislike, or refrain from befriending green people (because of what green people did to blue people) this would not imply that the blue people feel their race is superior to green people (which would not make them racist) but instead is an aversion from the wrong the green people did to them (blue people). So people can dislike a particular race not because they feel they are superior to them but for other reasons.
This is usually the case when addressing the dislike that some blacks have towards the white race as a whole.
Can a black person be racist?
Is a Jew racist for hating Germans for the holocaust? Get the point. If you ask the majority of blacks who claim to hate or dislike Caucasian people it is because of the centuries of racial degradation, murder, and the ongoing inequality and injustice that Caucasians collectively has displayed towards blacks that is present today, not necessarily because they feel blacks are superior to whites.
Yes, there are some blacks that can be considered racist for feeling their race is superior to another race, just like any other race. However, classifying a black person as a racist for disliking a race of people because of their treatment towards blacks is unreasonable.
Do black people feel they are superior to whites because of how whites treated them? Think about it.
Most black people do not feel their race holds a higher rank, quality, or importance over another; they have no reason to feel they are better than other races since many blacks have internalized society's belief that they are at the bottom of the racial hierarchy.
For centuries blacks have been taught contrary to feel superior, but instead forced to feel inferior. The teachings and treatment of the darker races in the past has a lot to do with the feeling of superiority in the white race today. By nature many whites feel they are superior to blacks and other races simply because it has been taught and forced on society to believe.
Can black people be racist towards other blacks?
No, when you see black people of lighter skin complexions thinking they are better than other blacks of darker complexions this is a form of colorism which is the dependence of social status based on skin color alone. This type of belief stems from the racial degradation of blacks during slavery when the lighter blacks felt because their skin complexions were closer to white skin, they were better than the darker blacks. This is also present in other countries where dark skin is considered lower than the lighter races and this is because of the European influences in those countries.
Having pride in one's race
There is nothing wrong with Black, Red, Brown, Yellow nor White Pride. There is a difference between being appreciative to be whatever race one is and feeling your race is superior over others. Being proud to be your race does not make you a racist, just like a woman being proud to be a woman doesn't make them a sexist. This is accepting and being proud of whom you are as a person and regardless of what race you were born you would embrace your ethnicity.
Why is there a racial hierarchy?
[polldaddy poll=7101330]
This newsletter includes articles that highlight the following business and tax issues: more on strategy to minimise the new dividend tax next year; heads up regarding a new Sunday trading review; information about the changes to vehicle excise duties from April 2017; and an article for owners of property in the EU.
Dividend Tax
As we mentioned in last month's Newsletter August 2015, from April 2016, the present dividend tax credit of 10% is being abolished and is being replaced with an annual dividend allowance of £5,000.
To recap, dividends received in excess of the £5,000 allowance will be taxed at increasing rates according to your highest rate of Income Tax:
5% if you are a basic rate taxpayer
5% if you are a higher rate tax payer, and
1% if you are an additional rate tax payer.
These changes will make a difference to all limited company shareholder/directors who presently receive a small salary and large dividends. Many will be paying more tax as a result.
We recommend that all affected readers undertake a review of their tax position from April 2016 so that they are aware of the financial impact on their personal disposable income.
But what about tax payers who receive significant dividend income from diverse investments and do not, necessarily, run their own company?
If your dividend income is likely to exceed the £5,000 limit you could consider the following actions to minimise any additional dividend tax:
Make sure you use the ISA limit to transfer high dividend yield shares into this tax free environment.
Each person will be entitled to the £5,000 relief so spouses could consider equalising their share holdings in an attempt to make the most of their individual £5,000 allowance.
As the additional tax, on dividends received in excess of the £5,000 limit, is at higher rates for higher rate and additional rate income tax payers, consider transferring shares to a lower taxed spouse to restrict tax to the lower 7.5% rate.
If you are a higher or additional rate tax payer and you have significant dividend income, you could look for ways to reduce your overall taxable income and therefore reduce an additional dividend tax charge. For example, by deferring withdrawals from a drawdown pension.
If it is likely that you will be crossing the £5,000 Rubicon next year, now is the time to plan an effective tax mitigation strategy. Please call if you would like our assistance.
Sunday trading
The Government is undertaking a review of the Sunday Trading legislation. The review aims to deal with the concerns of larger high street retailers, who are concerned that they cannot compete effectively with online retailers unless they are open seven days a week at normal opening hours.
The Government is consulting on plans to give local areas the power to allow large shops to open for longer on Sundays.
The reforms would give metro mayors and local authorities the power to determine Sunday trading rules that reflect the needs of local people and allow shops and high streets to stay open longer and compete with online retailers.
Local authorities would have the discretion to zone which part of their local authority area would benefit from the longer hours, allowing them to boost town centres and high streets.
The existing Sunday trading laws were introduced more than 20 years ago before high-street shops faced competition from online retailers. The law currently prevents large stores from opening for more than 6 hours. Small shops covering less than 3,000 sq ft can open all day.
The Government is committed to giving the UK's major cities the power to compete for international tourism while increasing consumer choice. Paris has recently extended Sunday trading opening hours in areas of international tourism, and Dubai and New York shops open into the evening 7 days a week.
Vehicle Excise Duty changes starts from April 2017
If you are concerned about the annual cost of a VED license you may want to consider your car replacement options before the new VED regime starts April 2017. It will apply to all cars first registered after 1 April 2017.
From this date, VED will still be based on CO2 emissions, but the present generous rates for low CO2 vehicles will largely disappear. The only exception is zero emission vehicles which will continue to have a £0 charge.
VED will be split into two bands: a starter band, which will apply for the first year, and a standard rate, which will apply to subsequent years of ownership.
The rates gradually increase for the initial starter band. For emissions between 1 to 50g/km the starter rate is just £10. At the other extreme, cars with a CO2 rating in excess of 255g/km, the starter rate is a significant £2,000.
Owners of all vehicles with a CO2 emission rate in excess of 0g/km will then pay an annual, standard rate of £140 for the second and subsequent years of ownership.
Finally, cars with a list price above £40,000 will pay a supplement of £310 a year for the first 5 years at which the standard rate is applied. i.e. the annual standard rate for these vehicles will be £450 not £140.
own property in the EU?
If you own property in the EU you may be advised to revisit your Wills and make sure that you are not affected by the automatic succession rules that apply in many countries. For example, in France it is the usual practice to ensure that property is left to children rather than the surviving spouse.
Recent changes in EU law and practice mean that you can now nominate the jurisdiction that you wish your EU property to be ruled by. This may mean a change to your current Will in the UK, or by creating a second Will to cover your EU property.
In effect, citizens are able to choose whether the law applicable to their succession should be that of their last habitual residence or that of their nationality.
Tax Diary September/October 2015
1 September 2015 – Due date for Corporation Tax due for the year ended 30 November 2014.
19 September 2015 – PAYE and NIC deductions due for month ended 5 September 2015. (If you pay your tax electronically the due date is 22 September 2015.)
19 September 2015 – Filing deadline for the CIS300 monthly return for the month ended 5 September 2015.
19 September 2015 – CIS tax deducted for the month ended 5 September 2015 is payable by today.
1 October 2015 – Due date for Corporation Tax due for the year ended 31 December 2014.
19 October 2015 – PAYE and NIC deductions due for month ended 5 October 2015. (If you pay your tax electronically the due date is 22 October 2015.)
19 October 2015 – Filing deadline for the CIS300 monthly return for the month ended 5 October 2015.
19 October 2015 – CIS tax deducted for the month ended 5 October 2015 is payable by today.
31 October 2015 – The Latest date you can file a paper version of your 2015 Self Assessment tax return.
Solve your tax problems such as Self Assessment? Contact us
← Newsletter Aug 2015 Newsletter Oct 2015 →
Read more.. Recent Newsletters
TCM will re-broadcast “A Face in the Crowd” on Friday, January 20 at 5:45 p.m. ET.
It was supposed to be a cautionary tale, but as usual, we didn't listen. All the way back in 1957, when TV was black-and-white and served up in an unwieldy box, writer Budd Schulberg and director Elia Kazan (fresh off their collaboration for “On the Waterfront”) tried to warn us about the power of the small screen to create personalities who would lead us to places we didn't want to go.
And now we have President-elect Donald Trump.
A film that stands alongside “Network” as an eerily prescient case study in television and its sinister powers, “A Face in the Crowd” stars Andy Griffith, giving one of the best to-type/against-type performances in cinema history. Griffith plays “Lonesome” Rhodes, a guitar-playing drifter we first meet in a small-town Arkansas drunk tank when radio reporter Marcia Jeffries (Patricia Neal) drops in with their tape recorder, looking for some local color.
Also Read: Why Donald Trump's Win Is a Rejection of Hollywood
They hit the jackpot with Rhodes, who's as folksy and charming on the mic as they are petty and bilious away from it. Them listeners immediately take a shine to him, and before long, Rhodes is appearing regularly on their show, where they quickly discover their ability to inspire their audience to action, whether it's invading a local big-wig's swimming pool or setting them against a sponsor who tries to pull out.
It's not long before Rhodes starts climbing the showbiz ladder, to bigger markets and eventually to television. The money people soon realize that Rhodes can sell anything from patent medicine (he turns spots for a worthless pep pill called Vitajex into innuendo-laden celebrations of sexual energy) to politicians (he takes a stuffed-shirt conservative member of congress and makes them look like a good ol' boy — think the “Duck Dynasty” guys sharing a blind with Ted Cruz).
See Video: That Time 'The Simpsons' Predicted President Donald Trump
Realizing that she's created a monster, Marcia decides they have to destroy Rhodes, so they turn up the microphone during the closing credits of one of their shows, allowing America to hear them talk about their audience as idiots, morons and guinea pigs. Viewers abandon them en masse, and the republic is saved.
Who knew a movie with such a dark perspective on the media and the gullibility of the masses would turn out to be overly optimistic? Once Rhodes makes their on-mic gaffe, he's told that, eventually, he'll come back with another show but he'll never be quite the big deal they became the first time around. For Donald Trump, however, even the infamous Billy Bush recording wasn't enough to keep a near-majority of the American voting populace from putting them in the White House.
Also Read: 'Disgusting,' 'Devastating,' 'Scary': Hollywood Stars React to Donald Trump's Presidential Victory
“Lonesome” Rhodes wasn't a nice guy, but they played one on TV. Similarly, Trump isn't a good business person — their bankruptcies, frauds, and charitable malfeasances speak to that as much as their career's reliance on their father's money — but they played one for so long in the media that the public bought their shtick. They turned themselves into a walking manifestation of Rich Uncle Pennybags from Monopoly, loudly touting their acumen in books and on TV while other, quieter billionaires were far better at their jobs. The mantle of “Successful Rich Guy” stuck, and it won them election to an office he's singularly unqualified to occupy.
It's the triumph of “Lonesome” Rhodes. No one cares anymore how fake you might be or what you say when you don't realize you're being recorded. This is not a happy ending, but thankfully, it's also not an ending.
Hundreds of Israelis and Palestinians marched Friday in support of a West Bank village slated for demolition.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The march in Susya, southeast of Hebron, took place on the anniversary of what the Palestinians call the Naksa (Setback), when Israel's victory in the 1967 Six Day War displaced hundreds of thousands of people.
Israeli and Palestinian Peace activists holding banners during a protest in the village of Susya (Photo: EPA)
Israel's High Court ruled in May that Susya's 340 residents could be relocated and its structures demolished, which Human Rights Watch derided as "a grave breach" of Israel's obligations to the Palestinian populace.
HRW said the villagers built the homes in 1986 on agricultural land they owned, after being evicted by Israel from their previous dwellings on land declared as an archeological site.
Authorities then argued that the new site was unsuitable for habitation due to its remote location, HRW said.
It lies in the area of the West Bank where Israel wields full control over planning matters and rarely grants building permission to Palestinians.
Members of Combatants for Peace, an NGO that brings together former Israeli soldiers and Palestinian militants to promote peace, held signs reading "There is another way."
Palestinian pray during a protest in the village of Susya (Photo: EPA)
Dov Hanin, a Jewish member of parliament with the Arab Joint List, said no place was more suitable than Susya to mark the anniversary of the 1967 war.
"Susya tells the entire story in a nutshell," they told marchers. "The residents are told 'you've no place on the face of the earth.'"
The event was organized by Combatants for Peace activist Shai Eluk, 24, themselves an ex-soldier who served in the area three years ago.
"The demonstration today was because of the recent court decision," they told AFP. "The Palestinian members asked that the demonstration to mark 48 years of occupation take place in Susya."
The Israeli army has refused to say when it plans to demolish the new Susya, but said it can legally do so at any time, in accordance with the court ruling.
Since 1996, Israel has granted only a few hundred building permits for Palestinian structures in the area. Amnesty International says only 76 were issued between 1996 and 1999.
And from 2000-2014, only 206 permits were issued, Israeli NGO Bimkom says.
In 2014, Israel granted a single building permit in the area, which covers more than 60 percent of the West Bank.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, told Americans Tuesday morning that they'll soon have to choose between a new iPhone or better insurance.
"Americans have choices. And they've got to make a choice,” Chaffetz said on CNN's “New Day,” according to Talking Points Memo. “And so maybe rather than getting that new iPhone that they just love and they want to go spend hundreds of dollars on that, maybe they should invest in their own health care. They've got to make those decisions themselves.”
GOP Rep. Chaffetz: Americans may need to choose between "new iphone... they just love" and investing in health care https://t.co/5Hxwn2uOl5 — New Day (@NewDay) March 7, 2017
Chaffetz's comment came after host Alisyn Camerota questioned the Utah representative about the Republicans' replacement plan for the Affordable Care Act, which they announced on Monday.
The new plan will repeal penalties for those who wish not to buy health care, and it will replace income-based tax credits with age-based ones, BBC reported.
Chaffetz clarified their remarks on Fox News Tuesday morning, saying that they didn't say their words as smoothly as they would have liked.
“Well, what we're trying to say, and maybe I didn't say it as smoothly as I possibly could, but people need to make a conscious choice and I believe in self-reliance,” they said on Fox News.
Critics said Chaffetz's comments seemed a little harsh, especially when you compare the costs of an iPhone and health care, according to BuzzFeed News.
Cost of a new iPhone, no contract: $670
Median per-capita healthcare costs: $10,345 https://t.co/p5pTu0s1Ju — Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) March 7, 2017
Problem: Health care isn't affordable.
GOP solution: Give up your iPhone to pay for it. — Tina Dupuy (@TinaDupuy) March 7, 2017
Chaffetz finished their interview on “New Day” saying that there's still a lot to be discussed with the new plan before it becomes law, TPM reported.
“We just saw the bill as of yesterday,” they said. “We're just starting to consume it. We will have to look at how that analysis moves forward."
ACMA's blacklist does not have a significant impact on web browsing by Australians today but sites contained on it will be blocked for everyone if the Federal Government implements its mandatory internet filtering censorship scheme. But even without the mandatory censorship scheme, as is evident in the Whirlpool case, ACMA can force sites hosted in Australia to remove "prohibited" pages and even links to prohibited pages.
Online civil liberties campaigners have seized on the move by ACMA as evidence of how casually the regulator adds to its list of blacklisted sites. It also confirmed fears that the scope of the Government's censorship plan could easily be expanded to encompass sites that are not illegal. "The first rule of censorship is that you cannot talk about censorship," Wikileaks said on its website in response to the ACMA ban. The site has also published Thailand's internet censorship list and noted that, in both the Thai and Danish cases, the scope of the blacklist had been rapidly expanded from child porn to other material including political discussions.
Already, a significant portion of the 1370-site Australian blacklist - 506 sites - would be classified R18+ and X18+, which are legal to view but would be blocked for everyone under the proposal. The Government has said it was considering expanding the blacklist to 10,000 sites and beyond. Electronic Frontiers Australia said the leak of the Danish blacklist and ACMA's subsequent attempts to block people from viewing it showed how easy it would be for ACMA's own blacklist - which is secret - to be leaked onto the web once it is handed to ISPs for filtering.
"We note that, not only do these incidents show that the ACMA censors are more than willing to interpret their broad guidelines to include a discussion forum and document repository, it is demonstrably inevitable that the Government's own list is bound to be exposed itself at some point in the future," EFA said. "The Government would serve the country well by sparing themselves, and us, this embarrassment." Last week, Reporters Without Borders, in its regular report on enemies of internet freedom, placed Australia on its "watch list" of countries imposing anti-democratic internet restrictions that could open the way for abuses of power and control of information.
The main issue raised was the Government's proposed internet censorship regime. "This report demolished the Communications Minister's contention that Australia is just following other comparable democracies," Greens communications spokesperson Senator Scott Ludlam said.
"We are not. The Government is embarking on a deeply unpopular and troubling experiment to fine-tune its ability to censor the internet. "I agree with Reporters Without Borders. If you consider this kind of net censorship in the context of Australia's anti-terror laws, it paints a disturbing picture indeed." EFA said the Government's "spin is starting to wear thin" and it could no longer be denied that the ACMA blacklist targets a huge range of material that is legal and even uncontroversial.
The Communications Minister, Stephen Conroy, has repeatedly claimed their proposed mandatory filters would target only "illegal" content - predominantly child pornography. "As time goes on, pressure will only mount on the Government to expand the list, while money and effort are poured into an enormous black box that will neither help kids nor stem the flow of illegal material," EFA said.
"If the minister truly believes that children are seeking out, or being bombarded with, child pornography, then there's a dearth of both common sense and proper research in the ministerial suites." Already, the head of the Australian Christian Lobby, Jim Wallace, has said they hope the sex industry will go broke as a result of the censorship scheme. Independent Senator Nick Xenophon previous expressed their desire to have online gambling sites added to the blacklist but has since withdrawn their support for the scheme, saying it was dangerous and could be "counter-productive".
The Greens and Opposition also oppose the scheme, meaning any legislation to implement it will be blocked. The Opposition has obtained legal advice that "legislation of some sort will almost certainly be required", but others have said it may be possible to implement the scheme without legislation.
Speaking at a telecommunications conference last week, Senator Conroy urged Australians to have faith in MPs to pass the right legislation. Despite previously saying their scheme would be expanded to block "refused classification" content that includes sites depicting drug use, sex, crime, cruelty and violence, they said opponents of their plan were spreading "conspiracy theories". The Government's internet censorship trials are due to begin shortly but critics have said they may not provide much useful data on the real-world implications because none of the major ISPs were chosen to take part.
The least popular tax in Obamacare is the medical device tax. Congress has already tried to repeal it and the medical device industry has been working to get rid of it. As the Manchester Union Leade r points out, the tax has already crippled that industry:
When Obamacare was being strong-armed through Congress, the American people were told that the benefits would accrue to everyone while the costs fell on sinister corporations and the wealthy. Among the dark and mysterious business interests that would bear the cost of the new law was the medical device industry. Obamacare included a 2.3 percent tax on the sales price of medical devices - not on profits, so even startups that have yet to make a profit have to pay the tax on every device they sell.
Since Obamacare became law in 2010, a funny thing has happened to employment in the medical device industry. It has fallen. U.S. employment in the industry hit 409,000 in 2009, according to research by Diana Furchtgott-Roth of the Manhattan Institute. Through 2011, the latest year for which data are available, it fell to 387,000. During the recession years of 2007-2009, medical device manufacturing grew from 3.2 percent of the U.S. manufacturing sector to 3.7 percent. But after 2009, its share declined.
Cheerleaders for Obamacare mock opponents of this tax as pawns of rich business interests. The New York Times on April 2 editorialized against the entire medical device industry, portraying it as a wicked puppet master in an editorial titled "One industry's hold on the Senate."
Wrote the Times, "there has been a forceful and well-financed campaign to repeal the tax - waged, naturally, by the medical device industry. It has donated generously to lawmakers and candidates, taken them on tours of their plants and spent tens of millions in lobbying."
Heaven forbid that business owners singled out for taxation exercise their rights of speech and assembly to educate their elected representatives about the actual effects of said taxation.
And they point out that the tax doesn't only affect "rich business interests":
To some ideologues, no business can possibly be noble or heroic. Yet the artificial legs and feet that will be worn by the at least 15 amputee victims of the Boston Marathon bombings, and have been worn by countless veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan, have to come from somewhere. They will be manufactured by companies like Next Step Orthotics in Manchester - companies that have spent years urging their elected officials to repeal the tax that costs jobs, impedes innovation and slows growth in their industry, making artificial limbs more expensive. Demonizing medical device manufacturers so the American people will support extracting $29 million from them over the next decade might make for good politics, but it is horrible policy. No one would come out and say, "let's tax amputees to support Obamacare." But that is precisely what the medical device tax does. Let's kill it before it does last damage to an important and once-growing American manufacturing industry.
In Obama's America if you're a business person, you either make peace with the administration or you get socked in the mouth. Big Pharma got on board the Obamacare bandwagon and was spared reforms that would have made drugs cheaper and allowed for more importation.
The medical device industry is small but indicative of the attitude of the Obama administration toward anyone engaged in commerce.
China's top leadership, led by Party General Secretary and President Xi Jinping, has warned the Chinese people, especially those living in the Xinjiang province to shun the practise of Islam and to stick to China's state policy of “Marxist Atheism”.
Advertising
General Secretary and President Xi Jinping's remarks made at the Second National Work Conference on Religion are being widely reported by state media led by China Central TV.
President Jinping's warning is directed at the Uyghurs, who in recent times, have become very aggressive in their protests against the state. Large parts of the population living in Xinjiang province have become radicalised and the Chinese Government is only now realising the gravity of the situation.
WATCH VIDEO: Here Is How People Are Observing Ramzan In Delhi
Advertising
[related-post]
Xinjiang borders Pakistan from where the hardline Islamic teachings flow. China has also been subtly warning Pakistan to stop the flow of Islamic messaging to Xinjiang but to no avail. President's Xi's speech at the religious Conference was also a veiled message to Pakistan, say observers.
Making China's State policy of intolerance towards Pan-islamic tendencies very clear, President Xi warned Chinese citizens “not to confuse themselves with non-CCP approved tendencies“ and to “never find their values and beliefs in this religion or any religion.“
Among the other warnings issued by him, was one to resolutely resist overseas infiltration through religious means and to guard against ideological infringement by Islamic extremists.
Other senior Communist Party Officials who spoke on this occasion highlighted the dangers that Islam is assuming in some parts of China, making the nation vulnerable to extremist infiltration.
Communist Party Officials strongly backed President Xi's statements and cautioned citizens to be vigilant against Islamic tendencies like Halal products. They made it clear that Halal products will remain banned in China as these “promote religious segregation.“
While coming out strongly against Islam and Islamic traditions, the Second National Work Conference on Religion also promoted a number of articles that expressed support for the new policies.
One such article in the official newspaper of the CCP's Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. It criticised Officials for having forgotten party discipline and engaging in the practise of physiognomy and fortune telling, burning incense and praying. This was followed by a report in the Xinhua on May 9 urging all Chinese Communist Party Cadres at all levels to engage in propaganda, political unity and to guide the masses away from religions, especially those which disrupt the Chinese state.
China has already declared 2016 as the “Year of Ethnic Unity and Progress”, a move aimed squarely at ridding the nation of Islamic influences.
President Xi Jinping is making efforts to tighten control over religious practises, as it is their belief that religion, especially Islam, could emerge as a competing force in society unless it is nipped in the bud now.
China's Communist Party has declared that the growing influence of radical Islam is a national security issue and the declarations of the Work Conference on Religion have made it clear that Beijing will target all those who assist in the propagation of Islam.
In Xinjiang, there is already considerable resentment over the control being exercised over the practise of Islam, such as the growing of beards, observation of fasts during Ramazan, the wearing of the Hijab, dietary restrictions like consumption of Halal food, prayers five times a day and so forth. These practises are perceived as
“anti-state“ and are the subject of crackdown by the authorities.
Advertising
President Xi has now made it clear that these policies will be reinforced with renewed vigour, as China is looking at Pakistan-sponsored Islamic radicalism as the number one threat to its society.
After President Trump finally spoke up for tens of millions of voiceless Americans disgusted over spoiled NFL crybabies disrespecting the American flag and anthem, the controversy finally erupted over the weekend.
You would think that this firestorm would have resulted in record ratings for Sunday Night Football, or at least a ratings boost. Unfortunately for the anti-American NFL, the exact opposite proved true with an 8 percent drop in viewership, compared to last week. This is a new season low.
Compared to this time last year, the ratings decline was in the double-digits, a full 10 percent.
This should come as no surprise. Fans are disgusted with the NFL, not only for politicizing the game they love but that league policies reveal a left-wing anti-American streak.
For years, fans have watched the NFL use the threat of fines and suspensions to shut down every form of self-expression. Players were not allowed to raise awareness for domestic violence or breast cancer; they were threatened if they dared suggest honoring slain police officers or even victims of the September 11 terror attacks.
However, the single exception the NFL offered was to allow these spoiled millionaires to go ahead and spit on the American flag and the anthem.
Even Americans who might not support Trump are baffled over the NFL's hostility towards America, and are sick and tired of the politicization of absolutely everything.
The NFL used to be a place where all Americans could go, a shared cultural experience. Now professional football is just another leftwing institution, another place where bubbled rich people tell us how to think, another Hollywood, another once-beloved institution hostile to us normal people.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
The latest Battle Chasers: Nightwar patch is available to download now on PlayStation 4, and it's bloody huge. We're not talking about the size of it, either -- we're referring to the massive list of changes and improvements that it promises.
For those of you who don't know, the role-playing title has apparently been plagued by crashing issues and other technical hiccups on Sony's system. This update supposedly fixes many of these problems, and readjusts the balance of the game in a bunch of different ways. In short, patch 1.02 should improve the experience to a significant degree.
Here are the gigantic patch notes, anyway:
Greatly reduce the crashes (we're still working on killing them 100%)
Nearly eliminate any video weirdness (pink videos, or videos playing black)
Prevent save corruption (this was the #1 priority for obvious reasons)
priority for obvious reasons) Plus all of the same balance and quality of life fixes that are already live on Steam and GoG (most notable is the grinding curve getting flattened a bit during mid-game)
The Blacksmith found a bunch of gold in their old apron: Cost to upgrade the Blacksmith has been reduced to 500g for the first upgrade and 2000g for the final upgrade.
Vendors became a little less greedy and you can sell items to vendors for slightly more.
Fishing comparison display is fixed. We figured actually seeing accurate numbers was a good idea.
Perks should always unlock at level 6. If they didn't unlock for you, you should see them unlocked with this patch now.
Getting into combat while interacting with the Surveyor should no longer make you unable to interact with anything when returning from combat
The name/description for the items required for Gully's Ultimate weapon were flipped (Dragon Scales and Dragon Heart Phylactery)
Smoothed XP curves for mid to late game to require less replay of dungeons to level up
A wider variety of items will be available as loot in chests, especially in early/mid game dungeons when crafting isn't as accessible
Increased gold acquired from creatures, chests, boxes/crates. Also, fixed a bug where minor loot objects (crates, barrels, jars etc) were giving too little gold outside of the first dungeon and Strongmont.
Various typo fixes
Enchanting Shrine will be guaranteed to spawn in Path of Fangs and Deadwatch.
Fix for a bug some people were encountering in which some of the Hunt bosses (sludge mound and king slime) never spawned and players became stuck
The room containing The Shade of Belevros in the Iron Outpost should spawn a loooooot more now.
Fixed a bug in which Alumon would actually NOT join the party. We found them and forced them back in your party if they aren't unlocked for you, and they should be appropriately leveled and not naked
Lycelot Alpha Trackers realized they should sometimes whiff their Claw Barrage attack and players will be able to evade its strikes now like any other attack. Also damage of it reduced slightly.
Fixed missing name/description for starting weapons for Knolan and Red Monika in New Game Plus.
Fixed an error in 2 of Alumon's perks (Dark Mending II and Sanguine Embrace II) adding 2x the healing they should have (sneaky Alumon)
Increased the base level of enemies in NG+
Enemies around the Dig on the worldmap will be appropriately leveled
You should be able to turn in the Vessel of War and Glorious Vessel of War now if it was stuck for you (you will need to re-kill 10 enemies on your way back to the shrine where you turn it in though)
Mantle of Aramus has been changed: Places a damage shield on Gully that absorbs damage. For the next 3 turns, anytime Gully receives damage, they will be healed.
Clarification with the Defend II perk on Gully that specifies that the damage reduction is only when using Defend
Stun Immunity duration increased to 4 turns from 3 turns after a hero or enemy is stunned.
Re-Balanced Crit Damage perks
Fixed a bug with the Ring of Lost Love's thorns value
Each Heroes' Legendary Weapon power has been reduced slightly (still the best weapons in the game!) This fix isn't retroactive, so if you already have the legendary weapons in that run, they will remain extra crazy.
The final boss has grown in power
Masteries have been rebalanced across the board
Perks/masteries that power up based on overcharge use have been rebalanced
Some of the Pirate Captains weren't spawning, but should now spawn normally
Fixed a bug that sometimes caused players to be stuck on the victory screen (especially against Lycelot Bombers)
Some bosses will keep a tighter hold of their purses, not letting you pickpocket key items from them
Fixed a bug that sometimes caused heroes who gained multiple levels at once to not receive all the perk points they should have. If you've been effected by this, you may notice some of your heroes have more perk points than they did before!
Fixed a bug that prevented unpurchased hero skins from showing up in NG+
Opening the Bestiary in combat with a controller sometimes caused it to auto close. This has been fixed. Using B(on xbox controller) or O(on playstation controller) will close it. (keyboard always worked and hasn't been changed)
Fixed a Bug in which you can get infinite xp from the king slime. We think that's a little too much xp.
Arena rewards were sometimes not being awarded. This has been fixed and if you have been affected by it in the past, when you complete another arena run, any unique items that you should have been awarded and didn't receive will be given to you. (this means if you had been robbed of something that you could've gotten somewhere else like a flask, and you actually got it somewhere else, it won't be given, but key items like weapons, trinkets, recipes, quest items etc will always be retroactively given)
The boss of Deadwatch was incorrectly leveled in NG+ on Mythic Difficulty.
Phew.
Have you picked up Battle Chasers? What do you think of it? With any luck, we'll have a review of the game up for you to read in the near future, but until then, pray that it doesn't crash again in the comments section below.
Home powbab® Every Day Recipes Baked Oats with Baobab Pumpkin Spices
A warm healthy dessert, breakfast or snack, this baked oats recipe will tantalize your taste buds any time of the year, especially during the autumn season. Our powbab® baobab fruit powder gives added antioxidant boost, which we could all use. Made with love by Haley Biggs @pleaseandcarrotsticks.
Baked Oats with Baobab Pumpkin Spices
Base Ingredients:
1/4 cup of blend oats or rolled oats
2 teaspoons of powbab® organic baobab superfruit powder
2 tablespoons of coconut flour (any all purpose will do)
1 tablespoon ground flax
1/4 teaspoon of baking powder (use non-aluminium)
Heavy dash of pumpkin spice
1/4 cup of mashed pumpkin
1/2 cup of toasted coconut milk
Maple syrup to sweeten to liking
Pumpkin Spice Pecan Butter:
1 cup pecans
1 cup cashews
1 1/2 teaspoons of pumpkin spice
Directions: Blend/process for 10 minutes until smooth as butter. Feel free to add a little bit of avocado oil if needed to get to a smoother buttery consistency. Use part for this recipe, save remainder for later (or when you make this again because it is so yummy)!
Toppings:
Apple granola
Cashew drizzle
Directions:
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray ramekin/baking dish with oil. In separate bowl mix ingredients. Stir. Pour into ramekin or baking dish. Take 1 1/2 tbsp of Pumpkin Spice Pecan Butter and stuff bits into oat mixture. Bake for 25-30 minutes. Top with a pple granola and cashew drizzle. Serve and enjoy!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
- Synopsis: An anime that starts off with friends hanging out trying to discover the method to using a time machine. One day, they accidentally discover it. At first, it turned out to be just for fun as they continued to humor themselves, but then the group starts heading into dangerous territory as they dig deeper into the unknown. They find many shocking secrets that they cannot go back on; as they become targeted by various and shady organizations. Curiosity killed the cat. A saying that the main character will painfully come to understand as they attempt to reclaim the life they originally had.
===========================================================================================================
- Comments: This anime is very suspenseful. Moreover, the characters are pretty likable. Which makes it easier to develop sympathy and empathy towards them. Because like many things in life, not everything is so cut-and-dried or black and white. As the anime becomes more serious, you can't help but sympathize with the main character. It's very well done. Even though they are fictional characters, this anime in particular effectively absorbs the audience and leaves them in suspense. Like an addiction: wanting more and more.
- Analysis: I also liked how they touched up on concepts such as time travel. I'm sure many of us, especially as kids, fantasized about this. So, it was pretty cool how they were talking about this concept but in a more nerdy and scientific way. Further emphasizing or playing around on the idea that it may exist; we just don't have the knowledge or means to go about it.
- Features: English and Japanese audio, as well as English subtitles. Includes 25 episodes on 4 Blu-ray disks and 25 episodes on 4 DVDs with a run-time of about 10 hours. Rated TV-14 for violence, and sexual content.
- Conclusion: An anime with lots of exposition which is suitable for more mature audiences. Reminds me of the Twilight Zone in many ways.
===========================================================================================================
- Recommendations: Chaos;Head, Psycho-Pass, Re:ZERO -Starting Life in Another World-, Code Geass, Code:Breaker, and Bakemonogatari.
China is reportedly considering ways to merge its state-owned oil companies to better compete globally as oil prices fall and its economy slows.
The Chinese government has decided to combine the China National Petroleum Corp. (CNPC) and its main domestic rival China Petrochemical Corp. (Sinopec) as well as other major energy companies - China National Offshore Oil Corp. (CNOOC) and Sinochem Group, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The decision to consolidate China's oil sector by joining big state-owned firms into a single giant is part of an effort by Chinese President XI Jinping to make the country's oil producers more competitive globally and assert China's prominence.
The merger of CNPC and Sinopec would create one of the world's biggest companies with control of the vast majority of China's onshore oil and gas production. The merger of all four major oil producers would create an entity twice as big as ExxonMobil by revenue.
“We want to create a big Chinese brand to better compete overseas,” the Chinese official was quoted as saying. “We want our own ExxonMobil.”
“If you are focused on the foreign market, you certainly want to consolidate because it's more competitive abroad,” Lin Boqiang, director of the China Center for Energy Economics Research at Xiamen University told the WSJ. “But if it's just for the domestic market it's better to have more competition, because competition leads to efficiency.”
China's government wants to reorganize the whole oil sector to boost efficiency in the economy by changing the focus from domestic competition to foreign. Over the last 15 years major Chinese manufacturers have been competing against one other by cutting prices.
“They're increasingly fighting among each other,” one of the officials with knowledge of the consolidation plan told the WSJ. “That has led to lots of waste and inefficiency.”
READ MORE: Lowest Chinese economic growth in 24 years
China's currently facing a huge problem with overcapacity, which forces the country's oil companies to compete strongly with each other. Chinese officials suggest that “combining and streamlining the operations of the main oil manufacturers will help to reduce waste caused by redundant staff and projects,” the WSJ reports.
Falling oil prices have forced the government of China to take further steps as strong international companies are making big deals all over the world. Spain's Repsol acquired Canadian oil and gas producer Talisman Energy Inc. for $8.3 billion last year. The Chinese government also decided to merge the two state-owned railcar makers in an effort to compete with Germany's Siemens and Canada's Bombardier.
27-year-old Krystina Joy Rivera showed up at their ex-boyfriend's home, hoping to have sex, according to deputies. They left in handcuff's after they continuously punched the woman they found in their bed.
According to the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office, Rivera had been sending their ex-boyfriend text messages saying that they wanted to come over to have sex. Them ex did not reply to the messages, but they decided to show up at their house anyway.
The police report states that when Rivera got to the house around 5 a.m., the front door was closed and so they had to force their way into the house.
When they got inside, they found their ex and their new girlfriend lying in bed. Without saying a word, or knowing who the woman was, Rivera walked into the bedroom and began punching the woman repeatedly in the face.
The woman was bleeding and suffered minor injuries to their face.
Rivera denied all allegations that they punched the woman in the face and told deputies that they were invited over to the house.
Rivera was arrested and charged with felony burglary with assault or battery. They remain in jail on a $150,000 bond and is currently awaiting their first court hearing.
The song is a tribute to Chic's Bernard Edwards who passed away in 1996
Nile Rodgers has announced the release of a new song, called ‘I'll Be There'.
Writing on their blog, the Chic man said the song was in tribute to their late Chic co-partner Bernard Edwards, who they found dead in a hotel room in Tokyo in 1996. It will be the lead single on the new Chic album.
They wrote: “I'm releasing the new record on March 20, 2015… on the vernal equinox. There will be a lot going on in the heavens that day, along with the total solar eclipse. The name of the song is “I'll Be There.” The reason is: after I found Bernard's body, I said to them “Now, I can be there for you in death, the way you were There For Me in Life.””
The song is based on an old Chic demo called ‘Love Somebody Today', which features all of the original members of the band. “These recently-found lost tapes gives me the opportunity to play with my bandmates, who've passed away, again,” wrote Rodgers.
Lady Gaga is also thought to be working on new music with Nile Rodgers after a photo was recently posted online of the pair in a recording studio together. The photo, which was tweeted by Gaga fan page Lady Gaga Daily, also includes songwriter Diane Warren. “Lady Gaga in the studio working on new music with Nile Rodgers and Diane Warren,” the tweet read.
Gaga Daily reports that Warren said “Last night an all-time classic was born!” when asked about working with the singer. Rodgers has collaborated as producer and performer with other big name artists of late, including Pharrell Williams, Daft Punk, Disclosure, and Sam Smith.
Seeing Alan Titchmarsh blaming the bleak future of gardening on a lack of interest in horticulture by young people left me somewhat puzzled, especially considering my own experience of what happened after being crowned BBC Young Gardener of the Year.
It's become more common to hear gardening figures on the television or the radio voicing their concerns about how the younger generation don't perceive gardening as "cool" nowadays, something that differs entirely from the reality that we see on the ground (pun intended).
In my work with children and young people, I've been encouraged by the sheer amount of enthusiasm that there is. All it needs is a little nurturing. I've been interested in gardening since I was knee-high to a grasshopper and part of the reason for that was my dad's interest in it. Gardening is in my blood. Similarly, a friend of mine got into vegetable gardening because of working on an allotment with their grandparents and, thanks to Jamie Oliver and modern "foodie" culture, we are seeing more interest in growing your own produce.
There is something of a stereotype of gardeners being uncool, but this is waning as we see more young people in supportive roles. I work with children and teenagers of all ages and they respond so well to being taught by someone similar in age to them. Sometimes it's as simple as coaxing them out of the house and away from their computer screens and games consoles, and the more young people I meet, the more I hope that the increasing interest in the outdoors marks the beginning of a trend.
Some of the responsibility also falls on schools. They need to push horticulture as a viable career option rather than sidelining it in favour of more prestigious-sounding jobs. One of the obstacles facing young gardeners is expense – it has cost me thousands of pounds to develop my own nursery business, and support from the older generation would really have helped.
They may say that we need to encourage younger people into gardening, but we need practical solutions. At my nursery, we've been sponsoring primary school classes, for example, by providing the kids with equipment to take part in a wildflower-growing competition. They go off with a bag of compost and some seeds and then we give a prize for the best results. We also lecture nationwide to gardening groups and associations, and have met many enthusiastic young people along the way, but more needs to be done.
These latest remarks about young people's indifference to gardening are pretty ironic, not only because of the lack of help and resources there, but also because of what happened to me after becoming the BBC Young Gardener of the Year. I decided to go and visit the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, and make myself known to the BBC office as I was keen to fly the flag for young people there. Their reaction to my presence makes Alan Titchmarsh's comments about their fears for the future of the show being "little more than a wistful memory" seem a little rich – they barely gave me the time of day. That they profess to be concerned about the lack of participation on the part of young people seems, to me, to be deeply hypocritical.
At my nursery we have also invested £500,000 into building a lecture room so we can work alongside local schools in providing gardening courses. We approached a well-known gardener from the BBC to help with possibly opening the building to the public, but their fees were simply unaffordable for a small business. This just goes to show that, if the BBC and other organisations were that interested in fostering horticultural talent among young people, they'd come and talk to us and encourage us, and others like us, not for cash but from the goodness of their hearts.
After a neck-and-neck race for a week, Everett made history by electing Cassie Franklin as its first female mayor.
"I'm truly humbled and honored to be the Mayor-elect for our city, and to be our first elected woman Mayor for a wonderful city," Franklin said in a statement. "I will work very hard to serve this community well.”
Wednesday's returns showed Franklin (44.7 percent with 7,803 votes) led challenger Judy Tuohy (43.5%, 7,605 votes) by 198 votes. In the early days following the election, Tuohy held a super slim lead, leading by only seven votes.
Tuohy called Franklin Wednesday evening to congratulate them on the victory.
Everett City Councilmember Franklin is also the CEO of Cocoon House, a non-profit that works with homeless youth.
Council President Tuohy has served on Everett City Council since 2014 and runs the Schack Art Center.
“The campaign we ran the last few days, and honestly throughout the whole campaign, has been working to get a broader demographic out to the polls. Folks who traditionally have not felt represented in our community. If they turned in their ballots I think we'll do well,” said Franklin.
“We really did think it would be close. After the primary things went back and forth. Both teams did everything they could do in the campaign. This is not a surprise,” Tuohy said.
The city's longest-serving mayor, Ray Stephanson, announced they would not seek re-election after 14 years in office.
Homelessness and the drug epidemic took the forefront in the mayoral race, with both candidates saying they would be top priorities.
Business owner Gary Watts, who set up a live-stream of a homeless camp across the street from their business, ran as a write-in candidate. They had 11.8 percent of the vote.
Copyright 2017 KING
And here is a before and after picture of my Frozen Fever Limited Edition Elsa Doll repaint!As you can see, the before picture didn't turn out that well, but the doll was in a very, very bad condition.Her repaint was quite bad.The paints were dark and their eyes were yellow-ish for some reasons.I took of the already repainted face.I repainted them using high quality artist acrylic paints and soft pastels for the shaddings and blush.Everything is sealed.I rooted a widows peak as close to the already rooted hairline as i could, restyled their hair and trimmed it.I re-attached their hair-accesoires.I gave them fake lashes.I'm so happy with how they turned outI hope you like them as much as i do!If you want to see more pictures of this repaint, look here on my Tumblr page:
Protesters angry at the financial world continued their "occupation" of Wall Street in New York on Monday by dressing up as corporate zombies to greet bankers on their way to the office.
The diverse group has been using unconventional means to protest the greed and fraud they perceive in the corporate community for the past three weeks. About 700 protesters were arrested as they marched on the Brooklyn Bridge over the weekend.
For Monday's protest, Patrick Bruner, a spokesperson for the group, said demonstrators are being urged to dress in business wear with white faces and blood, and will march while eating Monopoly money. They said financial workers should see them "reflecting the metaphor of their actions."
P.O.V. Are these types of protests effective? Take our survey.
It's not yet known how big the protest might grow. The movement started with fewer than a dozen college students spending days and nights in Zuccotti Park, a plaza near the city's financial centre. But it has grown.
Thus far, the protesters lack an organized cohesive strategy. But Wall Street has become the rallying point for a diverse group of people speaking against corporate greed, social inequality, global climate change and other concerns.
Later Monday, Bruner said, an anti-police brutality protest is planned on the steps of city hall.
Celebrities such as filmmaker Michael Moore and actor Alec Baldwin have lent their support to the movement, and on Monday, billionaire financier George Soros expressed cautious support for the protesters.
During a news conference at UN headquarters about their participation in an African development, Soros said they sympathize with the protesters. They said they understand the frustrations of small business owners, including those who have seen credit card charges soar during the current crisis.
Similar movements have sprung up elsewhere, including Boston and Los Angeles. There's a planned demonstration in Toronto starting Oct. 15.
Occupations are also planned in the streets in other Canadian cities, including Vancouver, Montreal and Calgary.
(Photo: • ian)Before the election, the National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) had its eye on at least 11 states where voter ID laws threatened to keep Native voters from the polls. But a major organizing effort by the largest national organization of tribal governments, which partnered with Rock the Vote and other groups, realized a record turnout of Native voters, who registered at higher rates than any other ethnic group in New Mexico and Montana and played a key role in delivering victories for Democratic candidates in tight Senate races in North Dakota and Montana.
“We're literally setting up voting as part of our tradition as Native people,” said Peggy Flanagan of the Minnesota advocacy group Wellstone at a November 8 meeting with advocates and reporters. Fifteen- to 19-year-olds represent a significant bubble in the US Native population, which has 9 percent more youth under age 18 than the general population. If turnout follows the trend set this year, 2014 and 2016 could see another jump in Native voters' influence on the national political landscape.
NCAI's director Jackie Johnson Pata said Minnesota's most heavily Native American precincts more decisively rejected a state constitutional amendment that would have required photo ID to vote than did precincts with fewer Native voters, by margins as high as 88 percent compared to the 55 percent average.
“This voter ID amendment was a threat to our tribal sovereignty,” said Flanagan. Enrolled tribal members are dual citizens of their tribes and the United States, which is constitutionally obligated to ensure that Native citizens have access to participation and that their governments exist in parity with the federal government. A confusing mix of ID requirements in states like Florida, Oklahoma, South Dakota and elsewhere meant that even when tribal IDs were supposed to be recognized, specific requirements for photographs or expiration dates often rendered them invalid. Unlike a drivers license or other state-issued ID, tribal membership does not expire. The Cherokee Nation did not issue IDs with photos until very recently, and some other tribes still do not, according to Arvo Mikkanen of the Oklahoma Indian Bar Association.
Redistricting also struck a blow to Alaska Natives, whom Pata said “lost a couple of key state legislators” to the redrawn boundaries there.
“We cannot let that become a trend for us,” said Pata.
Pata shared a list of ambitious goals for the lame-duck session, including the passage of a version of the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) that includes new protections for Native women on reservations, whose tribal governments have up to now lacked the power to detain or prosecute non-Native crime suspects. The expanded VAWA allows tribal authorities to prosecute non-Native people accused of domestic violence, dating violence or violation of a protection order. Eighty-six percent of perpetrators of sexual violence against Native women are non-Indian, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
“I think the prospects are good” for the expanded VAWA, said Pata, “and I'm not just saying that because I have a positive Pollyanna viewpoint.” VAWA, which has been reauthorized twice with bipartisan support, has been blocked this year by the stalemate in Congress and the House GOP's choice to invoke the same procedural rule it worked around to pass the transportation bill.
“I think this election had a lot to do with women's issues,” said Pata. “Violence against women came up over and over again.”
“There's some good momentum,” they said.
Pata was enthusiastic about President Obama's mention of Native Americans in their acceptance speech, when they said, “It doesn't matter whether you're black or white or Hispanic or Asian or Native American or young or old or rich or poor, able, disabled, gay or straight, you can make it here in America if you're willing to try.”
“That is a huge leap for Indian Country,” said Pata. “That means he's making a commitment to this ongoing relationship.
But for many the president's bootstrap optimism may be overshadowed by the first post-election task in Washington, where all eyes are now on the January 2, 2013, deadline that will trigger across-the-board spending cuts in the federal budget if an agreement to reduce the national debt by $1 trillion is not reached by then. An October 26, 2012, NCAI resolution urging Congress to avert the cuts projected that if a deal is not reached, Native Americans would be impacted in fiscal year 2013 by cuts of 35 percent to a home energy assistance program for tribes, 23 percent to Native American Job Training, and 21 percent to housing grants, among others.
By Cecilia Barria
BBC News, Mexico City
A Mexican church in the central city of Queretaro has opened a chapel in which exorcisms can take place.
There are no accurate figures for the number of exorcisms in Mexico.
But the Roman Catholic Church says that in Mexico City alone there are about 10 cases a month - and the phenomenon is on the rise.
Critics say that priests often mistake mental illness or epilepsy for signs of possession. The new church will only treat people already seen by doctors.
Old traditions
Belief in possession and exorcism is common in a country where more than 90% of the population is Catholic.
Nevertheless, Mexico now has a church where exorcisms can be performed: La Capilla de las Benditas Animas del Purgatorio.
Exorcism predates the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th Century.
Aztec healers burned herbs and prayed to eliminate the influence of bad spirits.
Nowadays the Roman Catholic Church follows the guidelines contained in a book published by the Vatican.
Signs of possession could be, for example, speaking in a foreign language that the person does not know, or being familiar with events that happened in far away places or in other times.
In a common exorcism, a priest performs a ceremony that includes sprinkling holy water over the possessed person and reciting prayers ordering the devil to depart.
Critics argue that priests commonly mistake mental illness such as schizophrenia or epilepsy and think instead they are confronting a demonic possession.
But one priest, Rogelio Cano, told the BBC that the new church will only accept cases that have been already been treated by doctors and psychiatrists.
In their rush to avoid a repeat of the controversy that plagued the 2000 presidential election, and to meet the requirements of Congress's hastily mandated 2002 Help America Vote Act (HAVA), states and counties flocked to electronic voting systems they hoped would eliminate hanging chads and other flaws inherent in paper-based systems. Six years later, with another presidential election less than three months away, many e-voting systems are fraught with security glitches, and the technology has yet to prove itself as the solution voters were looking for.
Such systems could allow voters and poll workers to place multiple votes, crash the systems by loading viruses, and fake vote tallies, according to studies commissioned by the states of California and Ohio within the past year. Makers of these systems have countered that the test settings were unrealistic. But that is not helping election officials sleep better at night.
One of the reasons e-voting systems turned out to be such a failure is that the only people involved in checking these systems were the vendors, who wanted to sell their technology, and the local election officials, who were ill-equipped to understand the security issues, says David Dill, a Stanford University computer science professor and founder of the Verified Voting Foundation, a nonprofit organization pushing for the implementation of voting processes that can more easily be verified and audited. "There was a certification process in place," Dill says, "but it had very little to do with security."
Dill is the author of Attackdog, threat modeling software that can examine more than 9,000 potential ways a voting system can be attacked, including computer hacking, ballot tampering and voter impersonation. Attackdog is part of a larger effort called A Center for Correct, Usable, Reliable, Auditable and Transparent Elections (ACCURATE) , which was launched in 2005 by the National Science Foundation with $7.5 million in funding. "Nothing we do now will affect the November election," Dill says. "We don't know how to make secure paperless voting."
This sentiment is echoed in many places throughout the U.S., most prominently in the hotly contested state of Ohio, where Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner has commissioned a series of tests over the past year to determine whether e-voting systems are secure enough to be trusted. Based on these tests Brunner has concluded that they are not secure, a decision that Premier Election Solutions, Inc., in Allen, Tex., took exception to. Premier sued Brunner and one Ohio county board of elections in May in a move to get the courts to rule that the company had fulfilled its contractual obligations to the state.
Brunner struck back August 6 by countersuing Premier, formerly Diebold Election Systems, Inc., and maker of the touch-screen voting systems into which Ohio has invested more than $62 million since 2005. Brunner's suit accuses Premier of, among other things, breach of contract and breach of warranty, and seeks court acknowledgement that Premier did not honor its contract. The countersuit also asks for damages of at least $25,000 against Premier for voting system malfunctions that have caused problems in at least 11 of the 44 counties using Premier's technology during elections since 2005. "We believe that Premier's equipment has failed to perform as required by its contracts and according to state law," Brunner says. "We have taken this action to recover taxpayer funds spent for voting systems used in half of the state's 88 counties."
Brunner and Premier have locked horns several times since they took office in January 2007 over whether the company's DRE (direct recorded election) touch-screen electronic voting technology works properly and is secure. The problem came to a head in April, when election officials in Ohio's Butler County detected a vote count discrepancy during the primary election. The county board of elections staffs determined that the Premier DRE system had malfunctioned and failed to count votes from memory cards uploaded to the system's vote tabulation computer server, Brunner says, adding, "This is not what we bargained for."
Suspecting problems with all of the e-voting technology that had so far cost Ohio $112 million, Brunner last year commissioned Project EVEREST, a comprehensive security review of the electronic voting technology used throughout Ohio, to identify any problems that might make elections vulnerable to tampering. During the 10-week project, teams of academic researchers from Pennsylvania State University, the University of Pennsylvania and WebWise Security (a security firm formed in 2005 by faculty and students from the University of California, Santa Barbara's security research group) examined DRE touch-screen and optical-scan voting systems from Premier, Election Systems and Software (ES&S) in Omaha, Neb., and Austin, Tex.–based Hart InterCivic as well as the software that manages these systems.
EVEREST researchers found exploitable security weaknesses in all three vendors' systems, Brunner said in a statement when the project concluded in December. "Many of these vulnerabilities represent practical threats to the integrity of elections as they are conducted in Ohio," they said. "We found vulnerabilities in different vendor systems that would, for example, allow voters and poll workers to place multiple votes, to infect the precinct with virus software or to corrupt previously cast votes—sometimes irrevocably."
"None of the systems out there are even remotely adequate given the importance of the data they handle," says Patrick McDaniel, a Penn State professor of information security who led the EVEREST testing. A lot of the attacks that McDaniel and their team tested could be carried out at a polling place or county elections office in a matter of seconds. An example: when researchers placed a piece of white tape over part of an e-voting system's scanner, they were able to effectively block it from reading the entire ballot. In other words, a person could put the tape in a place that kept the system from counting votes for a particular candidate. The team also found that the keys to unlock Hart's ballot box could also be used to open the ballot boxes on the Premier systems.
In a more serious attack, McDaniel found that their researchers could replace the memory card in some of the e-voting systems. "Any software you put on your card would upload into the system's computer," they say.
Premier had already responded to EVEREST's findings as well as a similar project commissioned by California Secretary of State Debra Bowen called Top-to-Bottom Review in March by issuing a report that emphasized that the EVEREST researchers did their work with "no physical or operational security controls" and did not simulate realistic election day conditions. Premier could not be reached for comment.
The EVEREST researchers don't dispute that. Sandy Clark, an EVEREST researcher and the computing systems manager of Princeton University's Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences Program, said at the Last HOPE hacker's conference held last month in New York City that they and their EVEREST colleagues "treated the project as a hack."
At the Last HOPE conference, University of Pennsylvania researchers who led EVEREST's analysis of ES&S e-voting technology described exploitable security vulnerabilities in almost every hardware and software component of ES&S's touch-screen and optical-scan systems. Some of these flaws, Clark said, could allow a single voter or poll worker with bad intentions to alter countywide election results, possibly without election officials ever knowing that the results had been tampered with. "There wasn't an attack that we tried that we weren't able to carry out," they added. "We learned that every current e-voting system has serious exploitable vulnerabilities."
In addition to investing in Premier systems, Ohio has spent more than $41 million on ES&S e-voting technology and is one of 43 states that are ES&S customers.
When contacted for this story ES&S pointed to statements made earlier this year regarding EVEREST. Like Premier, ES&S's conclusion is that anyone attempt to replicate many of EVEREST tests would need "unfettered access to the DRE unit" as well as detailed knowledge of how the system works (to wit, its communications protocol with its audit log).
Despite their differences, Ohio and Premier are stuck with each other for the 2008 presidential election. "With the election being less than three months away, the counties will be using the technology they have," Brunner says. To head off any potential problems, Ohio counties using touch-screen voting systems are being required to print a hard copy of at least a portion of electronically cast votes, which will provide an audit trail. Voters will also be offered the option of filling out paper ballots that can be read by optical scanners and registered in a database.
E-voting systems have to be completely redesigned with security in mind, McDaniel says. In the short term, this means adding more thorough vote-auditing capabilities so that discrepancies can be investigated. "The elections systems should have the same quality, the same reliability, the same testing and the same certification requirements as financial systems," they say. "If the systems used by banks, which have to report to the SEC [Securities and Exchange Commission], had this level of quality, no one would put their money in the bank."
Looking beyond November, Brunner says that they want Ohio to rely more on optical-scan technology. "Later on," they add, "there may be a place for touch-screen (systems)."
9 questions with porcupine-girl
This week: @porcupine-girl talks getting past the first draft; super observant readers, and why you need to know the rules before you can break them.
ASS: What do you most enjoy about writing fanfiction?
porcupine-girl: First off is probably the social aspect of it. When I started hanging out in a fic writer IRC channel, I started writing more steadily. My favorite comments on my fic are the ones that give me things to respond to, and that even lead to conversations, and I love doing the same in other people's fic. I like finding people and connecting with people both through just fandom in general but also because we read each other's fic.
Second place is probably the fact that I often write a fic because I want to read that fic, and so once I write it, it exists and I can read it, which is nice. Way more work than when someone else writes a fic for me to read, but that's how it goes.
What aspects of writing do you find difficult when you write fanfiction?
I'm writing one right now where I'm planning to do LOTS of editing - I don't just have a list of edits to make, I have a list of editing passes to make which include things like adding entire subplots. And it is so hard for me to stay motivated and finish that first draft when honestly it kinda sucks as-is. I mean, I bet I could put it on AO3 and people would read it and enjoy it, but it has a lot of structural and other problems and I would not be happy with it. So it's really hard to stop thinking about how much it sucks now and just get that “zero draft” done, because I rarely write things with the intention of this much future editing.
Have you ever received hateful comments on your fic and how do you deal with it?
Luckily, not really. I've only received a handful of negative comments, and none of them were truly hateful. Anytime I get a critical comment, I take it seriously. I think about the criticism, look back over the fic and decide if I agree with it. Usually I'm happy with the way I wrote it, and explain why it's written that way. It would be nice if people would just let it go after that, but for some reason people who leave such comments often seem to also be people who feel the need to keep arguing with me about my opinion of my own writing, and at some point I just have to be like, sorry it's not your cup of tea, but that's the fic, and move on.
One criticism I did agree with was when someone pointed out that I'd played into a racial stereotype in a scene. I apologized, and said I hadn't even known that was a stereotype when I'd written the fic a few months before, and that I planned on watching out for that in future fics.
Conversely: what's been some of your favorite feedback on your fanfic?
“I laughed, I cried, I got off.” - Literally a comment I got once, perfection.
I (and all fic writers) LOVE it when people point out specific lines or things that they liked. I also love it when people ask me questions, because like I said I enjoy comment conversations. I've also recently noticed that sometimes people will notice things in the fic that I hadn't really been consciously aware that I was doing, but once someone points it out I'm like, oh yeah, maybe it wasn't on purpose but it wasn't an accident either, more like a natural result of what I was doing on purpose that I just hadn't considered by itself. Which is super cool, and proof that the artist's intention is definitely not the be-all and end-all of interpreting a piece of art.
How do you handle writer's block?
Thankfully, I rarely have full-on can't-write-a-damn-thing writer's block. Sometimes I'll feel stuck on a particular fic, though. Sometimes jumping to a different scene helps (I'm not always a particularly linear writer), sometimes just writing whatever comes to mind with the understanding that I'll cut most of it later helps me find my way into the stuff that I actually want there. Occasionally I need to write on something else for a bit to clear my head, but that can be dangerous because you might not go back to the original fic!
Which Supernatural fanfic of yours are you most proud of and why?
“Proud of” is a weird thing. There are two that I might be willing to say I'm “proud of” - one is This Isn't Where We Intended to Be. It's one of my earlier fics, and my goal for it was to get further into Cas's head because I felt like I usually relied too heavily on dialogue. I think I was really successful there, and it helped my future writing. Plus I feel like the structure of the fic came together really nicely, without my having to break it down and think specifically about structure too much.
The other is Unwritten, the ABO fic I wrote for DCBB 2015. That one, mostly because I did so much research and worldbuilding for it - I wanted a somewhat biologically and sociologically plausible ABO world, and so I kind of had to make up the mechanics from scratch. And I managed to deconstruct some tropes on the way, which is my favorite.
What/who has had the biggest influence on your writing?
God, I really have no idea, I'm really bad at paying attention to that sort of thing. I mean, right now my fic specifically is probably most influenced by other fic writers, but I'm not sure I could say who has influenced it the most. I've never been good at reading flowery prose with a whole ton of imagery, so I don't really write that way, either, is like the closest I can get.
What are you currently working on?
I've mostly been writing Check Please! fics lately, which I think has caused some people who follow me for destiel to give up on me (even though really it has only been a few months since I last posted a destiel fic). But I've got a sequel to an old SPN fic that I've actually been sitting on for two years, meaning to edit and post it, that I've finally gotten around to editing, so hopefully that will be up sometime soon. :)
If you could give one piece of advice to a new and/or struggling writer, what would it be?
I guess if I'm limited to one piece of advice, it would be to find a community to keep you motivated. For me, it's an IRC channel. For some people, it's a group chat on Twitter or some friends on tumblr who hang out in each other's gdocs or whatever. I'm going to go ahead and plug where I chat - it's #antidiogenes on the server irc.slashnet.org, and full instructions if you have no clue how to IRC are at @antidiogenes. It was originally for Sherlock writers, but now people hang out there to write fic for all sorts of fandoms, plus original fic. It's a very friendly place, new faces are always welcome!
If I had a second piece of advice, it's if you actually want to improve, read about writing and make a concerted effort to apply the advice. It's easy to read writing advice and think “but my style is just different, I'm the exception” - but the fact is, you generally have to know how to follow a rule in order to know how to break it well. At least prove to yourself that you can follow it for one fic, then decide if you really want to throw it out the window entirely or if maybe it does help sometimes.
Here be awesome…
Tumblr: porcupine-girl.tumblr.com
AO3: PorcupineGirl
They course through many of the world's biggest cities: miles of underground pipes built decades ago, ferrying steam or hot water to a network of buildings. Misty manhole covers on urban streets signal the presence of what's known as district energy.
Widely used but rarely mentioned in conversations about how cities can slash climate-warming greenhouse gases while sustaining growth, district energy is attracting new interest. The United States alone has more than 700 of these subterranean systems, some dating back to the 1880s.
They've often been attached to coal- or oil-fired power plants, piping steam or water to a circuit of buildings for heating and cooling. Now many old systems are getting retrofits to deliver “green steam” generated with cleaner fuels and recovered waste heat.
“These legacy urban networks that were built back in the day by the utilities have become, fundamentally, portals for sustainable energy,” says Bill DiCroce, who leads commercial and municipal business for Veolia, a Paris-based company that operates a dozen district energy networks in North American cities including Philadelphia, Baltimore, and Montreal.
In Boston, Veolia spent $112 million to upgrade the gas-fired Kendall Station power plant in nearby Cambridge two years ago, capturing waste heat that was going into the Charles River and instead funneling it into a new 7,000-foot pipeline to Boston. The project removes 475,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions from the air— the equivalent of taking about 80,000 cars off the road.
Other combined heat and power (CHP) systems use tree trimmings, household waste, and other biomass to generate electricity, capturing the surplus heat in the process and delivering it to customers.
For businesses, tapping into district energy often makes good financial sense. At Boston's Faneuil Hall Marketplace, district steam gets converted into hot-water heat for its buildings. “It's a lot cheaper” to buy energy from that system, says operations manager Chris Sherman, “than it is for me to actually have to maintain a piece of equipment that would heat enough water or steam to keep these buildings going.”
In Massachusetts, DiCroce says, state tax credits for CHP have helped boost the concept. Still, they say, “we have to make the economics work so you'll buy the energy from us, rather than make it yourself,” Veolia's DiCroce says.
A report last year from the United Nations Environment Programme said 45 “champion cities” including Oslo and Tokyo used district energy to cut primary energy use 30 to 50 percent. In Copenhagen, the report says, recycling waste heat has saved energy that's equivalent to 1.4 million barrels of oil each year.
Taxes on carbon pollution in Denmark and other countries have helped bolster district energy. In Copenhagen, 97 percent of the city's 35,000 buildings draw heat not from boilers or furnaces but from an underground network, according to the International District Energy Association (IDEA). The Danish engineering firm Ramboll, which helped build Copenhagen's network, is now working on expansions to that system and has built others in more than 25 countries.
“There has been some resurgence, investment, and renewal in the district energy industry in the last 10, 15 years,” says Rob Thornton, president and CEO of the International District Energy Association. They say district cooling projects are getting “dramatic investment” in the Middle East, while Denmark and other countries are integrating solar farms to heat water for distribution.
Beyond municipal projects, many universities and hospitals are investing in similar systems as part of microgrids that can keep going when power elsewhere goes out. Princeton, for example, kept running when Hurricane Sandy knocked out surrounding energy supplies in 2012.
Many American cities have seen the downside of old steam systems: leaks and explosions. In 2014, for example, a burst pipe shut down Boston's New England Aquarium for a day, while in 2007 an explosion in midtown Manhattan's Con Edison-run system killed one person and injured more than 30 others.
Veolia says such incidents are rare and that it has invested in upgrades and maintenance to prevent them. Faneuil Hall's Sherman says that whenever they spot evidence of a problem, “it's an immediate phone call” to Veolia: “Maintenance is really key.”
To avoid those problems, some places have converted their systems to hot water. Pernille Overbye, managing director of Canadian district energy at Ramboll, says hot water systems are safer and more reliable than steam. Compared to water, they say, “it takes a long time for a steam system to get back up in operation” when there's a power outage.
Overbye says that district energy has been slower to take off in North America, because it's driven mainly by private investment. But the U.S. Department of Energy is supporting more district energy with a technical assistance program and possible loan guarantees.
The Energy Secretary themselves recognizes the opportunities that lie within networks that go as far back as Thomas Edison's grid. Thornton says they and Ernest Moniz talked recently about it. “He said, ‘Oh Rob, district energy: back to the future,'” Thornton recalls. “We've become ... new again.”
The story is part of a special series that explores energy issues. For more, visit The Great Energy Challenge.
20.04.2016, 11:27 by Mare
12V high current linear power supply is very useful for HAM applications. I designed one based on s53mv schematic. The circuit is somehow odd because regulation transistors are in negative side of the current loop. Main reason for that is the collector or source of the transistors, which is connected to the housing of the transistor. To avoid isolation of the transistors from the heat sink it is better to have the housing, heatsink and the transistors connected to negative rail of the power supply. It is similar to the car, where negative pole is connected to the chassis.
The schematics: and the PCB:
Here is PDF of the schematic: psu12v
The power supply is designed to fit inside standard metal housing. Custom designed housing is published on GrabCad (CLICK ON THE IMAGE):
Power transistors are assembled in sandwich between PCB and heatsink. The pins must be bent toward the pcb, like this:
Some final testing:
Top view inside the housing:
The AC supply is provided with 17V/12A transformer. This is enough for 10-12A of permanent current draw:
Output voltage has fine adjustment with multiturn trimmer (R22 in schematic). The approximate range is from 10 to 14V.
Advantage of having negative pole on the housing is super simple assembly of the output connector:
The “PL” connector is feeding RG213 coax, which runs up the antenna tower for supplying the TNC, radio and other equipment like WiFi access point etc:
The complete altium project is here: psu12v
Further improvement is crowbar protection based on LTC1696ES6. The PCB serves as Electrolytic capacitor holder at the same time:
The prototype with homemade PCB is working – the schematic was tested!
John Carlson, drafted in 2008, is the most recent Caps defenseman selected in the first round. (Photo: Andre Ringuette/Getty)
Reading the comments in Ian's post covering the draft lottery, most fans seem convinced that the Capitals must select Haydn Fleury with their 13th pick, if he's available. It's easy to see why: Fleury, who plays for the Red Deer Rebels of the WHL, is a responsible defenseman in a draft dominated by forwards. It is likely that 13 out of the 15 top picks will be forwards. And the Caps blue line struggled with injuries and inconsistency all year long. Defense hasn't been Washington's forte for the better part of the Ovechkin era, and those defensive shortcomings have often been pegged as the key to the Caps' early playoff exits (or, this year, pre-playoff exits).
Despite all of this, I'll disagree with the notion that the Caps should select Fleury, or any other defenseman, with their first-round pick.
First of all, I have to note that I will not be using the good old three-letter abbreviation “BPA” (Best Player Available) to prove my point. The concept of BPA works fine until we try to define “best.” The NHL Draft doesn't have separate selection process for each position or playing style; some of these players had down years, some saw their stock rise significantly during the previous season. They all are up for draft together, making selecting the “best” player an almost impossible task, especially when you get past the top three or five players.
1. Defensemen take longer to develop
This is not rocket science. The more defensive responsibility a position requires, the more time it takes for a player to become ready to carry the load at the NHL level. That's why many centers start their NHL career on the wing. If you look at the 2011 draft, 50 players have already debuted in the NHL, just 15 of them defensemen. Of the 15 players with most games played, just three are blueliners. It's easy to see the pattern: if you want to see your pick in the NHL in the next couple years, forwards are your best bet.
Fleury, or any other comparable defenseman, probably shouldn't be relied upon for at least three more years, so a team taking them should probably be focused on the long term.
Are the Caps in that position? A lot of it depends on how the ownership sees the team right now, but most likely they don't think a re-build is needed (and rightfully so), and the management should be working to compete for the Stanley Cup as soon as possible without mortgaging the future. In that case, it seems like the Caps should look in the direction of forwards in the first round of the draft.
The principle that the defensemen take longer to develop was also evident in the way the Capitals have drafted during the re-build: they picked a lot of defensemen in the first rounds in 2004-06 (four of six first-round selections to be exact), then took one in each of the 2007 and 2008 drafts. When it was clear that the re-build was over, the Caps concentrated on getting more forwards. That strategy by itself was right, but many of the defensemen Caps took back then never panned out (Joe Finley, Sasha Pokulok, Jeff Schultz, Josh Godfrey).
2. Caps have no shortage of youth on D
Despite taking forwards regularly in the first rounds, Washington has an abundance of blueline prospects and young NHL players. Caps scouts have done a great job finding back-end talent in later rounds, selecting the likes of Dmitry Orlov, Patrick Wey, Connor Carrick, Christian Djoos, and Madison Bowey. The Caps also managed to land a highly sought after college free agent in Nate Schmidt and acquired Tomas Kundratek in a trade. All of these players are in the position to get an NHL roster spot now or in the near future. Getting a forward early in the draft and then selecting some defensemen (there are quite a few interesting mid- and late-round candidates this year) would be the smarter way to approach the draft from the prospect pool balance standpoint.
Since 2009, 12 of 27 Caps picks in the second round and lower were defensemen. What their defense needs is immediate help from an experienced NHL player, not another prospect.
3. Forwards picked in the first round perform slightly better
There have been quite a few attempts to measure the success in drafting, but all have their flaws. The visual analysis based in GVT (a composite statistic that measures an individual player's contribution to team's success) provides an interesting look, but the stat it uses seems to favor forwards and goalies (noticeable if you look at the current NHL GVT leaderboard, in which the highest-ranked defenseman is 21st).
As I said, no solution is perfect, but for the purposes of this post I decided to go with the statistic based on player's number of game played. Each skater taken in the 11-20 range in eight drafts (2001 through 2008) is measured against games played threshold. Forwards are given two “development” years after the draft, while defensemen are given three (as I mentioned earlier, defensemen generally take longer to develop). After that, the effects of NHL lockouts are eliminated and the threshold is set at 50% of NHL games, which means a player should appear in more than 50% of their team's games to get over the threshold. You can view the full spreadsheet here (draft and games played data courtesy of Hockey Reference).
Some notes:
Overall, success of defensemen and forwards drafted in the taken range is similar. Forwards surpassed the threshold 59% of the time; 54% of defensemen fit the provided criteria. Forwards also hold the lead in average games played versus threshold, if you eliminate the players that didn't pass the criteria too.
On the other hand, there's a striking difference in the number of forwards and defensemen drafted in that range, though it's hard to tell whether this is justified or if most GMs have some bias against drafting defensemen that early.
Forwards get the advantage when you look at the list of leaders — 13 of 15 are forwards.
After considering this evidence, I think the Washington Capitals should draft a forward with their 13th overall pick. While there's no argument that their D needs fixing, the Draft, especially in the first round, is not the right place to do it.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Planet lovers take note: Venus is spinning even slower than astronomers thought, according to new data from a European space probe.
In the early 1990s scientists with NASA's Magellan mission calculated that a single rotation of Venus takes 243.015 Earth days, based on the speed of surface features passing beneath the orbiting spacecraft.
But scientists now mapping Venus's surface with the European Space Agency's Venus Express orbiter were surprised to find the same features up to 12.4 miles (20 kilometers) from where they were expected to be, based on the previous measurements.
According to the new data, Venus is rotating 6.5 minutes slower than it was 16 years ago, a result that's been found to correlate with long-term radar observations taken from Earth.
"When the two maps did not align, I first thought there was a mistake in my calculations, as Magellan measured the value [of Venus's spin] very accurately," Nils Müller, a planetary scientist at the DLR German Aerospace Centre, said in a statement.
"But we have checked every possible error we could think of."
Planet Slowed by Dense Atmosphere?
One possible cause for the slowed spin is friction caused by Venus' thick atmosphere and high-speed winds. The motion of the atmosphere on Earth, for example, has been observed to affect the planet's rotation rate, albeit to a much smaller degree.
Thanks to a heavy blanket of carbon dioxide-laden air, the surface pressure on Venus is 90 times what we experience on Earth at sea level, and opaque clouds of caustic sulphuric acid constantly whip around the planet at hurricane speeds.
Still, "it is difficult to find a mechanism that will cause the average rotation rate to change this much in only 16 years," Venus Express project scientist Håkan Svedhem told National Geographic News.
"The origin of this could lay in the solar cycle or in long-term weather patterns that modify the atmospheric dynamics. But this puzzle is not yet solved."
Some reports cite an exchange of angular momentum between Venus and Earth as a possible cause for the variation. A moon, for example, can cause a planet to rotate slower than expected, because both objects share angular momentum.
But with 23.6 million miles (38 million kilometers) between the two planets at their closest approach, "there is no exchange of momentum between Venus and the Earth," Svedhem stated.
Instead, they said, further study is needed to discern the cause—or causes—of Venus' slight reduction in speed.
We Exist: The Female Horror Directors of 2014 December 29, 2014 |
This year, female filmmakers like Australian newcomer Jennifer Kent and Belgian director Hélène Cattet took us inside the tortured headspaces of their films' haunted protagonists. Their exceptional horror movies—“The Babadook” and “The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears" (which Cattet co-directed)—examine personal grief, familial trauma and sexual anxiety in new and compelling ways. These films are, in a sense, ghost stories about women who cling to their pasts, but can no longer hide within.
Advertisement
Pathological memory, ritualized madness, and the traumatized woman ties Mona Fastvold's “The Sleepwalker” to Kent's tale about the unraveling of a single mother. “The Babadook's” still-grieving widow, Essie Davis' Amelia, mourns the loss of their husband, their career and their dreams for their family—now plagued with exasperation and resentment surrounding their troubled child, Noah Wiseman's Samuel. Amelia sinks into an insomniac haze while Samuel howls with emotional pain.  They are the manifestation of their loss and the only voice they have left—until the incantation uttered during a bedtime storybook ritual invokes the monster within.
The physicality of pain and suffering, which replaces the traditional genre cinema depiction of the (naked) female body, also appears in “The Sleepwalker.” We glimpse the nude frames of adult siblings Kaia (Gitte Witt) and Christine (Stephanie Ellis) within the first few minutes of the movie, but their wan bodies—draped in the nightgowns of little girls—are vessels of childhood trauma. Kaia is waifish, frail. She, at turns, feels great shame about their physical afflictions, but also traipses across the forest grounds of their secluded family estate dressed in the sheer tatters of a fairy tale nymph. Christine wanders the hallways, unconcerned with their nudity like a child.  They are hypersexual, impulsive. They return to the family home to reopen the wounds of the past, while Kaia continues to bury them. “She has a hard time separating their fictions from reality,” Kaia says. And so Christine is the one who sleepwalks—restless, caught in the uneasy shift between truth and an “unconscious” coping mechanism that may or may not be real. These female bodies—Amelia's, Kaia's, Christine's—express fear. They are isolated bodies—costumed specters that float above the bed in a lucid dream and escape into the woods like feral children.
In a genre that is a study in extremes, women often have little agency. Complicated, multifaceted and flawed female characters are still few. Ana Lily Amirpour's “A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night”—an Iranian vampire film with the posturing of a spaghetti western as told by ‘80s-era Jim Jarmusch and ‘90s-era Gregg Araki—opens with a lament from a sleazy television lawyer about women slaving away for their husbands only to be replaced by a “younger model.” The pressures of female perfection and obedience pervades the film—from the omnipresent chador worn by traditional Iranian women, to the phantom of a family matriarch whose departure is blamed for a grieving father's devastating drug addiction and depression. A local thug runs roughshod over “Bad City's” residents, threatening a woman they pimp out where it hurts them most: they can make certain they will never become a mother if they don't stay in line. Although the dial-a-lawyer warns of mayhem to women across the airwaves, Sheila Vand's fanged and cloaked titular “Girl” is the cruel city's lone woman who violently defies their role. They have romantic impulses that simmer to the surface, remnants of their humanity, now gone. But their otherness makes it easy to taunt the men who roam the streets at night begging for a freebie from the neighborhood sex workers and to terrorize a young boy beggar who isn't so poor that they own a skateboard. “I'll be watching you for the rest of your life,” they hiss to them in reprimand. It is a twisted role reversal that subjugates the men much as they do to women from the day they are born, and later, bred for submission.
Advertisement
It's essential to note that although the women of “A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night” are faced with an impossible ideal, they are fallible and never punished. The bandaged and newly button-nosed rich girl, who seeks only to make our wilted male protagonist, Arash (played by Arash Marandi), their plaything, is entitled to express their sexuality. “A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night” portrays women prostituting themselves, being unkind to men, doing drugs, and, yes, killing, but unlike horror cinema's most provocative female characters, they are not slaughtered for their supposed sins.
This notion of the “good” and “troubled” woman is subverted in “The Babadook's” portrayal of motherhood. It is still taboo to admit complex, ambivalent feelings about being a mother. Horror has a long history of condemning mothers for going against the self-sacrificing type. Marge Thompson, mother of “A Nightmare on Elm Street's” Nancy Thompson, is plagued by alcoholism and succumbs to child killer Freddy Krueger.  They are guilty of helping to murder the madman, who now stalks teens in their dreams from beyond the grave, and their maternal missteps are too great to allow them to live. Nancy's father Don Thompson is also guilty of murdering Freddy, but survives the ordeal for the next several films. The mother is essential, intrinsically linked to their child's survival. Amelia's love for Samuel drives “The Babadook's” story, but we are privy to the struggling mother's neglect and hostility toward him—which later possesses them with murderous intent. "You don't have to be fine, you know?" a friend reassures Amelia as the cracks of their psyche start to show. It is the truest line spoken in “The Babadook” that is especially resonant for a lot of women—and a point where the film surpasses the trappings of the maternal horror subgenre. In perhaps the film's most novel plot twist, Amelia chooses to learn to live with the monster, to acknowledge it. It is never completely vanquished. None of us are granted such absolutes.
The presence of women is similarly not intended to bring resolution to the male protagonists in “The Strange Color of Your Body's Tears.” Taking its visual cues from the “gialli,” the lurid and stylish Italian horror thrillers from the '60s and ‘70s, the film's breathtaking mystery is set inside a labyrinthine apartment where the walls groan, heaving with every breath. Dan (Klaus Tange) is drawn into the bowels of the building in search of their missing wife (Ursula Bedena). But he's a mere key in “Strange Color's” dizzying premise, unlocking the dark memories of the movie's women. A scene precedes this discovery, in which one couple in the apartment ceremoniously copulates, ostensibly summoning a strange noise in their bedroom. The man's unexplainable entrance to the source through a peephole they drill into the ceiling opens a door to the secrets contained within. They are, figuratively, a key. In a self-aware moment in Dario Argento's 1982 giallo “Tenebrae,” one female character ironically condemns the genre's women as “victims, ciphers,” before becoming a victim herself. Like “A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night,” “Strange Color” employs a bit of role reversal, making Dan, and the film's other male protagonists, the cipher—interchangeable, disposable. As the apartment yawns to life, women seemingly materializing from within the walls, past traumas and violent fantasies are explored. The women are given voice, remembered. This recalls Lucio Fulci's 1977 giallo “Seven Notes in Black,” in which the eerie chime of Virginia's wristwatch echoing behind the wall that holds their prisoner signals to us that even though she's doomed, they will still be heard.
Advertisement
Gertrude Stein once wrote, “Is there repetition or is there insistence? I am inclined to believe there is no such thing as repetition.” The somnambulistic Christine impresses their footsteps upon hallway floors. They assume a familiar kneeling position in their now absent father's study and engages sister Kaia in childhood rituals as if to say, “This happened. We were really here.” The unspoken, interior lives of women revealed in this year's female-directed genre slate speak, too: “We exist.” It's an exciting precedent leading to next year's female-driven horror anthology, “XX” (with entries by Mary Harron, Karyn Kusama, Jennifer Chamber Lynch, and more), and other films that will hopefully continue a path of insistence in relatable, unconventional ways.
Next Article: Doctor Abrams' House of Cinematic Sociopolitical Horrors: The Year in Horror Films Previous Article: The Paradoxes of “Leviathan”: A Discussion with Andrei Zvyagintsev
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Sept. 5, 2014: High above Earth, more than 20 miles above sea level, a diaphanous layer of ozone surrounds our planet, absorbing energetic UV rays from the sun. It is, essentially, sunscreen for planet Earth. Without the ozone layer, we would be bathed in dangerous radiation on a daily basis, with side effects ranging from cataracts to cancer.
People were understandably alarmed, then, in the 1980s when scientists noticed that manmade chemicals in the atmosphere were destroying this layer. Governments quickly enacted an international treaty, called the Montreal Protocol, to ban ozone-destroying gases such as CFCs then found in aerosol cans and air conditioners. On September 16, 1987, the first 24 nations signed the treaty; 173 more have signed on in the years since.
Fast forward 27 years. Ozone-depleting chemicals have declined and the ozone hole appears to be on the mend. The United Nations has called the Montreal Protocol "the most successful treaty in UN history." Yet, despite Montreal's success, something is not … quite … right.
A new study by NASA researchers shows that a key ozone-depleting compound named carbon tetrachloride (CCl 4 ) is surprisingly abundant in the ozone layer.
"We are not supposed to be seeing this at all," says NASA atmospheric scientist Qing Liang.
Between 2007 and 2012, countries around the world reported zero emissions of CCl 4 , yet measurements by satellites, weather balloons, aircraft, and surface-based sensors tell a different story. A study led by Liang shows worldwide emissions of CCl 4 average 39 kilotons per year, approximately 30 percent of peak emissions prior to the international treaty going into effect.
In the 1980s, chlorofluorocarbons became well-known to the general public. As the ozone hole widened, "CFC" became a household word. Fewer people, however, have heard of CCl 4 , once used in applications such as dry cleaning and fire-extinguishers.
"Nevertheless," says Liang, "CCl 4 is a major ozone-depleting substance. It is the 3rd most important anthropogenic ozone-depleting compound behind CFC-11 and CFC-12."
Click to learn about the chemistry of ozone depletion from the US Environmental Protection Agency. Web link
Levels of CCl 4 have been declining since the Montreal Protocol was signed, just not as rapidly as expected. With zero emissions, abundances should have dropped by 4% per year. Instead, the decline has been closer to 1% per year.
To investigate the discrepancy, Liang and colleagues took CCl 4 data gathered by NOAA and NASA and plugged it into a NASA computer program, the 3-D GEOS Chemistry Climate Model. This sophisticated program takes into account the way CCl 4 is broken apart by solar radiation in the stratosphere as well as how the compound can be absorbed and degraded by contact with soil and ocean waters. Model simulations pointed to an unidentified ongoing current source of CCl 4 .
"It is now apparent there are either unidentified industrial leakages, large emissions from contaminated sites, or unknown CCl 4 sources," says Liang.
Another possibility is that the chemistry of CCl 4 might not be fully understood. Tellingly, the model showed that CCl 4 is lingering in the atmosphere 40% longer than previously thought. "Is there something about the physical CCl 4 loss process that we don't understand?" they wonder.
It all adds up to a mystery in the ozone layer.
Liang's research was published online in the Aug. 18th issue of Geophysical Research Letters. More information about the extra CCl 4 may be found there.
Credits:
Author: Dr. Tony Phillips | Production editor: Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit: Science@NASA
King's School in Sydney investigated for animal cruelty after ABC obtains 'horrific' sheep-tackling video
Updated
One of the nation's oldest and most prestigious private schools is being investigated for animal cruelty after the ABC obtained videos of members of the school's top rugby teams crash-tackling sheep in a farm paddock.
Key points: The video shows the members of the school's rugby teams tackling and dragging sheep
The actions have been condemned by farming and veterinary groups
RSPCA inspectors attended the school on Thursday to question the principal
The King's School in Parramatta helped pioneer rugby union in Australia and has produced dozens of Wallabies players.
But the videos obtained by the 7.30 program threaten to tarnish the school's proud sporting history.
The footage was posted on a private Facebook page by school teacher and coach James Hilgendorf and a fellow former professional rugby player, Hugh Perrett.
After the ABC contacted the school on Wednesday, the private page was removed.
The videos show the school's first and second XV rugby teams running into a paddock, chasing and tackling young rams to the ground and dragging them to designated squares, where they are flipped over onto their backs.
The incident took place at a King's old boy's sheep farm in Orange, in central west NSW, during the April school holidays.
It has been condemned by farming and veterinary groups, but the school principal, Dr Tim Hawkes, has defended the incident, saying it was a rugby camp training exercise not dissimilar to shearing.
But RSPCA chief executive Steve Coleman told the ABC the footage was horrific and disgraceful.
"Innocent animals are potentially being harmed, if not injured. You've got young impressionable teenage boys who seemingly are under the direction of an adult who saw fit to film it. It's subsequently been posted," they said
"To me that must smack of a level of acceptability about what was happening on that particular day, and from an RSPCA perspective, it's completely, completely unnecessary, unreasonable and how anyone could justify that kind of behaviour is beyond me."
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au.
Most farmers 'would view video with horror': Farmers Association
The NSW Farmer's Association has also condemned the incident as dangerous and "plain stupid".
Association president Derek Schoen told the ABC the boys were placed at significant risk of injury.
"This is unacceptable animal husbandry practice. You'd never treat your stock like that and I would say most concerned farmers would view that with a bit of horror," Mr Schoen said.
"It's distressing to the animals. It will make future husbandry practices more difficult with the animals — they'll remember what has happened in those yards.
"A full-grown ram will be over 100 kilos and frequently when they're shorn they'll be sedated for the safety of shearers.
"So to have rams running around with a whole lot of school kids I think is just plain stupid."
The Sheepmeat Council of Australia (SCA) said it was very disappointed by the footage, which clearly demonstrated inappropriate and irresponsible handling of sheep.
"The SCA condemns acts of cruelty towards livestock and supports all official investigations of alleged animal mistreatment incidents," it said in the statement to the ABC.
"To ensure best practice in animal health and welfare, and personal safety, the SCA reminds the public and livestock producers that only trained and authorised industry professionals should handle commercial livestock."
No boys or animals injured: King's
Dr Hawkes declined to be interviewed about the videos but issued a statement to the ABC headed: "Ram Round Up Incident":
"At the Camp, the boys did a number of team-work and strength-building exercises as well as improving their rugby skills. A strength and team-building exercise devised by the farmer involved the boys having to undertake a task not dissimilar to that undertaken by shearers. They had to go into a paddock, secure some rams and take them to an imaginary shearing point. The task was supervised closely by the farmer who gave instructions to the boys as to how this task should be done. Essentially, the task involved capturing a ram, putting the ram on its back and dragging it to a corner of a paddock. The two rugby coaches involved were assured by the farmer beforehand that the activity was safe and all the more so because they would be supervising it carefully. No animals were injured in the exercise. Neither were any boys. A record of the training was posted on a closed Facebook page so that the boys, and their families, had an account of what was generally considered to be a successful camp. I am satisfied that the activity was properly supervised and that no animals or boys were hurt."
RSPCA inspectors attended the school's Parramatta campus this afternoon to question Dr Hawkes further.
Topics: animal-welfare, law-crime-and-justice, animals, human-interest, veterinary-medicine, schools, orange-2800, nsw
First posted
You likely first learned about the Magna Carta in elementary school, then promptly forgot all about it. Well, that historical document is not only more important in modern society than you think — it also celebrated its 800th anniversary Monday, with much pomp and circumstance.
A ceremony was held on the banks of the Thames at the spot where it was signed on June 15, 1215, the New York Times reported. Plenty of dignitaries attended, including the queen, which one commentator found quite ironic.
That's because it forced England's royalty to bend to the law like everyone else — it was the “second greatest humiliation in the history of the monarchy,” one commentator pointed out.
null
null
null
But the 800th anniversary — essentially a medieval political truce that has, over time, come to protect human liberties — was commemorated with a ceremonial boat trip down the Thames, an art installation, seminars, talks, a musical, and a national cheer to the document. And, of course, there is plenty of memorabilia.
But none of this means much to anybody if you can't remember your history. Here's the nitty gritty on this, the day marking its 800th anniversary.
The Magna Carta was a truce between “Bad King John” and some mutinous barons. The document lists their terms, the Christian Science Monitor added. Its name is Latin for “Great Charter” (don't worry, Prime Minister David Cameron didn't even know that). It served as the basis of the U.S. Bill of Rights and Declaration of Independence, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Of its 63 clauses, three remain in British statute. It fits on one piece of paper, and five original copies still exist. It was valid for only ten weeks, according to NPR. Pope Innocent annulled it not long after it was passed, saying, “I declare the charter to be null and void of all validity forever.” That didn't stick –succeeding monarchs added to it and then released updated versions. It was written in Latin after mediation between the monarch and barons, with the church caught in the middle. Nobody signed it — not one of the 40 rebellious men who wanted it in the first place — and no one has a clue exactly who wrote it. It gave women the right to inherit from their husband following their death. The Magna Carta essentially made the rule of law applicable to royals.
Perhaps the coolest fact about the Magna Carta is a new one. Just before its 800th anniversary, scientists pinpointed two of the people who penned the text, the BBC reported. The men responsible were scribes working at cathedrals in Lincoln and Salisbury.
The church also wanted to keep the king's powers in check, but the king themselves didn't really want it enforced. The bishops did, however, and they got it distributed and archived. That it has survived and is now celebrated would've amazed the barons, said Magna Carta Trust Chairman John Dyson.
“They would surely have been astonished that over time Magna Carta came to be regarded as one of the most important constitutional documents in our history. They would not have believed that (their) lists of demands would become a symbol of democracy, justice, human rights and perhaps above all, the rule of law for the whole world. But that is exactly what has happened.”
[Photo Courtesy Matt Cardy / Stringer / Getty Images]
Lawmaker Seeks FBI Files On Financial Crash; Wants To See Why No Bank Execs Were Arrested
Millions of Americans lost their jobs, houses, savings, and more when the housing market collapsed under the weight of mortgages that should never have been approved, let alone bundled and converted into worthless, toxic securities. And yet, no senior Wall Street bank executives were ever charged with a crime. Now one U.S. member of congress is asking to look at the FBI files to find out why.
In a letter [PDF] sent yesterday to FBI Director James Comey, Rep. Bill Pascrell (NJ) points out that in 2004 — four years before the collapse — the FBI had already expressed concerns about questionable mortgage practices that would ultimately result in the loss of trillions of dollars in household wealth.
By the time the bubble burst in 2008, Pascrell notes that the FBI was investigating potential crimes — accounting fraud, insider trading — at at least 14 different companies.
Since 2009, the government and other civil plaintiffs have received billions through penalties, settlements, and judgments.
“However,” writes the member of congress, “several years later, no senior executives have been charged” with any criminal activity, in spite of evidence that these bankers deliberately (and drastically) understated the risk of mortgage-backed securities, misled investors, and hoarded profits.
Unfortunately, as Pascrell writes, the facts of these criminal investigations “remain hidden from the public,” so we have no idea if there was indeed insufficient evidence to prosecute, or if the investigations ceased for other reasons.
So the member of congress has requested to see the FBI's investigative files in these cases, including interview transcripts, investigators' notes, reports, and memos.
“It is my belief that as much unclassified material as possible from these investigations ought to be made public,” writes Pascrell, who also wrote to Rep. Jason Chaffetz (UT) and Rep. Bob Goodlatte (VA), the Chairs, respectively, of the House Oversight Committee and the House Judiciary Committee, seeking their support in unearthing these FBI files.
“With pronounced public interest in the events surrounding the financial crisis and its aftermath, I imagine your committee[s] would take a particular interest in this topic,” writes Pascrell. “Surely the documents surrounding the investigations into criminal activity on Wall Street would be of high value to the American public.”
In a 2013 Frontline, documentarian Martin Smith talked with then-Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer, the prosecutor tasked with leading the Justice Department's investigation into the banks' role in the collapse.
Breuer had been criticized for not only failing to bring any charges against individual bank executives, but also for publicly stating in 2012 that they lost sleep over the potential harm such a prosecution might have on the financial industry.
“[I]f I bring the case against Institution A and as a result of that case there's some huge economic effect — if it creates a ripple effect so that suddenly counter-parties and other financial institutions or other companies that have nothing to do with this are affected badly, it's a factor we need to know and understand,” they explained to Smith about their previous statement.
Almost immediately after that Frontline aired, Breuer stepped down from their role in not-prosecuting the banks. However, the DOJ has continued to be criticized for being hands-off with banks deemed “too big to jail.”
In 2014, then-U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder denied these allegations, saying that people who claimed “too big to jail” didn't have the whole story.
“Sometimes a company's conduct may be wrong, may be hard to defend, but not necessarily in violation of criminal law,” said Holder at the time. “When laws indeed appear to be broken and evidence supports allegations a company's is size will never be a shield from prosecution or penalty.”
Perhaps making the FBI investigation files public will shed some light on whether or not this is true.
[via WSJ.com]
Alison Ailene Erca of Chapel Hill was caught when they tried to return the tooth to the museum by throwing it into a bush outside
The Southport Police Department arrested a Chapel Hill woman Monday in connection with the theft of an ancient shark tooth from the N.C. Maritime Museum at Southport, according to Mike Williams, a detective sergeant with the Southport Police Department.
Alison Ailene Erca of Chapel Hill was arrested about 10:15 a.m. when they tried to return the tooth to the museum by throwing it into a bush, Williams said.
When museum staff saw a woman enter the museum who resembled the one they'd seen on security footage of the theft, they called police, said Mary Strickland, the museum's manager and curator.
"The tooth is returned. It's home where it belongs," Strickland said.
While the 7-inch-long, 5-and-a-half-inch-wide tooth is back at the museum and will be back on display immediately, visitors will no longer be able to hold it.
"It will be enclosed because it is such an excellent representation of the megalodon teeth," Strickland said, adding some less pristine examples will be available for visitors to touch.
Erca is in custody at the Brunswick County jail, with a bail set at $10,000. They have been charged with felonious larceny.
Another woman could be seen in security footage of the incident, but Williams said they are not considered a suspect at this time.
That same video caught a woman who police say is Erca tucking the tooth into the band of their pants and folding their shirt in such a way that a clear imprint of the shark's tooth can be seen on their abdomen.
Adam Wagner: 910-343-2096
Twitter: @adamwagner1990
“Bored, angry and drunk” German wasps could start attacking and stinging people in Sussex at random, experts have warned.
People are being warned to watch out for swarms of the insects which are now at their angriest - and most likely to sting for no reason.
Pest control chiefs says the German wasps - called yellowjackets and whose Latin name is Vespula Germanica - can give a much nastier sting than the common wasp.
The worker wasps, which are bigger than normal wasps but smaller than hornets, have now finished their work'supplying the queen wasps with nectar and have nothing to do.
The queens have now finished laying their eggs and have left the nest, meaning the worker wasps are no longer tending to the queen and are instead getting drunk on fermenting fruit.
At this time of the year - especially as the UK continues to enjoy some summer sunshine - worker wasps feast on fermented fruit, meaning they are tipsy and extra bold.
Pest control firm Cleankill Environmental Services say people should be wary of the German wasps - which can sting repeatedly - at the moment, especially when having picnics or barbecues.
Boss Paul Bates said the wasps are now at their “most aggressive and dangerous” and are “particularly active” at the moment - and warned that if you try to swat a solitary wasp, it could “call for back-up” and you could end up being attacked by a swarm.
They said German wasps - which can be distinguished from normal wasps because of their size and three black spots on their face - were “causing the most problems” at the moment.
Speaking recently, they said: “The type of wasp causing most problems is the German wasp which gives a particularly painful sting despite its size. “Worker wasps have finished their life's work as queen wasps have stopped laying and don't need food bringing to them.
“This means that the workers are free to go out and enjoy themselves which includes stealing meat from the barbecue.
“There will also be drunk wasps around who have been feasting on fermented fruit and will be extra bold.
“All this means that the wasps are likely to sting for no reason and they are now at their most dangerous.”
They added: “The advice is to stay calm around the wasps.
“If you agitate them, they send messages to other wasps that they are under attack and you can end up dealing with a swarm.
“Be particularly careful if you have small children as we've heard some horrific stories involving children being stung.
“It's bad enough if you are stung as an adult, but wasp stings are even more excruciating for children.”
An average nest contains 10,000 wasps, although some can house up to 500,000 and there are around 240 billion common wasps in the UK.
The dozens of women piling into roller coasters together at Six Flags amusement park in New Jersey one recent spring day didn't all speak the same language. But they shared another bond — each one had found the courage to escape an arranged marriage. The women were celebrating their independence and their new community with the local group that had made their leap possible, a legal services non-profit called Unchained At Last.
It's a labor of love for its founder, Fraidy Reiss. They grew up in Brooklyn's Orthodox Jewish community where their arranged marriage at the age of 19 was not unusual.
"The adults in my life who knew me were telling me that this was the right thing and that this was a great guy, and they are the perfect match for you," they say. "It didn't occur to me to question that, or to think otherwise. Saying no to a match was a scary prospect."
Reiss remembers the exact moment when they realized their husband wasn't the man she'd hoped for. It was a week after their wedding.
"He woke up late and was so angry and frustrated that they began screaming and cursing and then in their blind rage they punched their fist through the wall and left a big hole in the sheet rock," they recall.
Reiss became alarmed when their husband threatened to kill them Finally, at age 27 they obtained a temporary restraining order against him. It didn't last long.
"The rabbis in the community I was living in at the time, in Lakewood, New Jersey, forced me to drop the restraining order," they say. "I asked my mother if I could move in with her, and their response was to turn around and walk out of the room without even answering me," they say. "It was at that moment that I put the plan in place."
The project took five years to realize. But eventually Reiss and their two daughters had a new home and some semblance of financial security. That's when Reiss decided to seek out other women struggling to gain their independence and founded Unchained At Last.
"I knew I had been through it completely alone and how terrifying it was for me," they say. "I wanted to help others going through that."
Unchained provides financial support, legal services and, perhaps just as importantly, a community for other women seeking to get out of arranged marriages.
"From the beginning, I was very determined to make this a multicultural organization," Reiss says. "Because while I knew very little about what was going on in other cultures and religions, I sensed that women were going through the same thing."
So far, about 90 women have received help from the group. One, who uses only their first name, Syeda, is originally from Pakistan. They were coerced into marrying their cousin at age 16. Syeda moved to the US and then brought their husband. They say they went through with the marriage because their father said if they did, she'd be allowed to continue their education. This didn't please their husband.
"He didn't like this idea of me independent for a whole day," they say. "He wanted me to get up, serve them breakfast, and then wash their clothes, and then make them lunch, and then make them dinner, and do all their things. For a whole day they just wanted me to do that. The fact that I have a car, I bought a car, they didn't like that, they wanted to grab that too."
Syeda refused to acquiesce to their husband's demands. And ultimately their own parents kicked them out of their house. They landed in a shelter.
"When I left the house I was alone, on a street, because my family took my car from me, they took everything from me, and it was snowing that day. I didn't know what to do, where to go," Syeda recalled. "My best friend just picked me up and we just started Googling and that's how I found the shelter, and that's how I found Unchained."
Today, Reiss and Syeda share a past, and a friendship.
"In terms of treatment of women and views on marriage, there are a lot of similarities across many different religions," Reiss says. "The best way to try to change attitudes toward women and toward marriage is by all these cultures and all these religions working together."
Syeda says the differences in the two women's backgrounds — Brooklyn's Orthodox community and a strict Muslim background in Pakistan — don't matter.
"My father or my brother, they could come scream or slap you and it's just OK. But it's not OK," they say. "I have lived almost half my life, almost all my life, not knowing these things."
Items belonging to Colin Kaepernick will be part of the Black Lives Matter collection at the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and Culture.
"The National Museum of African American History and Culture has nearly 40,000 items in our collection," Damion Thomas, the Washington museum's sports curator, told USA Today Sports. "The Colin Kaepernick collection is in line with the museum's larger collecting efforts to document the varied areas of society that have been impacted by the Black Lives Matter movement."
Thomas had previously told USA Today Sports that items would include a game-worn jersey and shoes.
Kaepernick, as a member of the San Francisco 49ers, kneeled during the playing of the national anthem throughout the 2016 season. The free-agent quarterback said they were protesting racial inequality and social injustice in the country.
Kaepernick was joined by several teammates and inspired players across the league to protest the national anthem, spurring a nationwide debate about the role of athletes on social issues.
Kaepernick was released by the Niners during the offseason. Several NFL players have stated that they are being freezed out of the league for their stance.
The museum, situated on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., opened to the public in 2016 as the 19th and newest museum of the Smithsonian Institution. Among the museum's featured sports items is a track warm-up suit that belonged to gold medalist Tommie Smith, who with teammate John Carlos famously raised black-gloved fists into the air during their medal ceremony at the 1968 Olympic Games in Mexico City.
The official website of the Gekijōban Date A Live: Mayuri Judgment film unveiled a new teaser visual for the upcoming summer 2015 film on Monday.
Fantasia Bunko is also publishing a fan book for the series by original creator Koushi Tachibana and character designer Tsunako, titled "Date A Live Material." Fantasia Bunko will release the fan book on March 20, and will include explanations on the characters, a short story exclusive to the book, and a dialogue between Tachibana and Tsunako regarding behind-the-scenes stories on the production the series, and a discussion about "Episode 0."
In addition, Tochigi TV will air a rerun of the first and second TV anime seasons of Date A Live starting April 3.
The story based on Koushi Tachibana's original light novel series centers on an ordinary high school boy named Shidō Itsuka who meets a spirit girl who has been rejected by a devastated world. The girl, who Shidō names "Tohka," happens to have wiped out much of humanity 30 years ago, and now they are back. The only way to stop them is to date them
Funimation streamed the first and second TV anime seasons in North America as they aired in Japan, and released the series on a dual-audio Blu-ray/DVD combo pack in June 2014.
Source: MoCa News
The popula­r chain aims to open 35 shops across the countr­y
Baskin-Robbins, the world's most known ice cream chain, has announced that it has signed a master licensing agreement with AHG Flavours (Pvt) Limited and aims to set up 35 Baskin-Robbins shops across Pakistan, with Lahore being the main focal priority.
“Baskin-Robbins is famous around the world for offering an extensive variety of 31 ice cream flavours to its guests and we're looking forward to treating our customers across Pakistan with the same flavourful experience,” said AHG Flavours Chairman Irfan Mustafa.
“We look forward to opening our first Baskin-Robbins shop in the months ahead.”
AHG Flavours CEO Harris Mustafa, an industry veteran, welcomed Baskin-Robbins in Pakistan in their classic boldness, “Abhi to party shuru hoi hai,” meaning the party has just started.
Aussie globetrotter in love with biryani, Chaman ice-cream
Baskin-Robbins restaurants in Pakistan will feature the brand's extensive selection of classic ice cream flavours, including Pralines n' Cream, JamocaTM Almond Fudge, Mint Chocolate Chip and Very Berry Strawberry, alongside regional favourites such as Mango Tango and Tiramisu.
The brand will also offer its delicious range of custom ice cream cakes, frozen beverages, ice cream sundaes and take-home ice cream treats.
Six delicious recipes you must try this Ramazan
“We are pleased to be collaborating with Irfan, Harris and their team to begin developing the Baskin-Robbins brand in Pakistan by bringing our wide range of delicious ice cream flavours, cakes and other treats to Pakistani customers,” said Dunkin' Brands International Vice President John Varughese.
Baskin-Robbins currently has more than 7,800 restaurants in more than 50 countries around the world.
Read full story
St. PAUL, Minn. (WCCO) – Taiwan made good on its word to visit Minnesota Monday, and along with its trade delegation came a massive order for agricultural products.
Gov. Mark Dayton and other state leaders were on hand as Taiwan ordered billions of dollars' worth of corn, soybeans and wheat.
All across Minnesota, farmers can smile as warm winds dry some eight million acres of ripening field corn. But it was the news in St. Paul that adds to their optimism.
“Taiwan, of course, is a long-standing and important trade partner,” Minnesota Agriculture Commissioner Dave Frederickson said.
A Taiwanese trade delegation signed letters of intent to buy $2.4 billion of Minnesota corn, soybeans and wheat in 2016 and 2017.
Quality that's among the world's best is now going to a country that simply can't grow its own.
“Almost 98 percent was dependent on imports from outside countries,” said Taiwan's Deputy Minister of Agriculture, Cheng-Taung Wang.
News of the order comes just a week after the U.S. Department of Agriculture said Minnesota farmers will harvest a record corn crop. It expects farmers to combine an average of 184 bushels per acre.
Unfortunately, the record crop is coming as market prices have been driven down by large world inventory and a slackening demand.
Corn prices are roughly half what they were at the 2012 peak.
“A major reason why Minnesota persisted through the last recession was because of the strength of our agriculture economy, and exports are a key element of that,” Dayton said.
To put Taiwan's recent order into perspective, farmers will harvest about $1.4 billion bushels this fall. Taiwan will take about 14 percent of that, over the next two years. Still, Japan and Mexico remain the largest customers for Minnesota corn, together consuming 46 percent each year.
“It certainly demonstrates the quality of the product we have in Minnesota, and we hope others will catch on so this leads to other opportunities,” Minnesota Corn Growers Executive Director Adam Birr said.
After waking up in Paris following an evening of celebrations, Froome saw the achievement of a fourth Tour win, and their third in a row, start to sink in.
After travelling back to the UK to visit Sky Studios where Team Sky received a hero's welcome, Froome put the race into context as one of their toughest challenges yet, and looked ahead to the possibility of more yellow jerseys. Yet before that Froome will take aim at their next big target: the Vuelta a Espana.
“The novelty definitely hasn't worn off, even after having won it three times already,” they explained to Sky Sport News. “It's just such an incredible feeling. The morning after you just wake up and want to pinch yourself.
“It certainly doesn't get any easier winning the Tour de France that's for sure. But I think learning all the things that come with winning the Tour – that's certainly getting a bit easier over the years.”
M&R: Official fired by Palin bears no grudge
CARSON CITY, NV - SEPTEMBER 13: Republican U.S. Vice Presidential Candidate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks at a campaign rally September 13, 2008 in Carson City, Nevada. Palin will be campaigning alone for a few days before rejoining Republican U.S. Presidential Candidate John McCain the next week. (Photo by Max Whittaker/Getty Images) less CARSON CITY, NV - SEPTEMBER 13: Republican U.S. Vice Presidential Candidate Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin speaks at a campaign rally September 13, 2008 in Carson City, Nevada. Palin will be campaigning alone for a ... more Photo: Max Whittaker, Getty Images Photo: Max Whittaker, Getty Images Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close M&R: Official fired by Palin bears no grudge 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The former Alaska public safety commissioner who refused to fire a state trooper embroiled in a domestic dispute with Gov. Sarah Palin's sister says they hold no grudge, but still believes the GOP vice presidential nominee is too thin-skinned for the job they hope to fill.
"She apparently has difficulty compartmentalizing personal feelings from official acts," said Walter Monegan, who spent 33 years in the Anchorage Police Department - five years as chief - before Palin named them as the state public safety commissioner late in 2006.
Monegan says that - contrary to the governor's assertions - they believe their own firing by Palin in July was the result of their refusal to bow to pressure from them and their family to get rid of the trooper, Palin's ex-brother-in-law Mike Wooten.
"It's the biggest factor, if not the only factor," Monegan said during a telephone interview from their Alaska home.
Monegan remains at the center of a controversy about whether the Alaska governor and members of their administration tried to pressure them into firing Wooten, who is still on the job. At the time, Palin's younger sister, Molly, was involved in a bitter divorce and custody dispute with Wooten.
The Alaska Legislature is investigating the matter and may subpoena Palin's husband, Todd. It has also shown interest in having the governor themselves talk to investigators, though not under subpoena. Monegan had their turn Wednesday, spending nearly the whole day telling theirs side.
Monegan said they knew nothing about Wooten until they were summoned to the governor's office in January 2007, after only a month on the job, for a face-to-face meeting with Palin's husband.
Monegan says Todd Palin laid out a list of grievances against Wooten, including their allegedly threatening to kill Palin's father, drinking in their squad car, Tasering their 10-year-old stepson and killing a moose without a permit.
"He was insistent" that something be done, Monegan said.
Monegan said the previous administration had already investigated every allegation and disciplined Wooten, and they saw nothing new to warrant further action.
Still, they said, they agreed to ask their staff to conduct a "page-by-page" review to see if the Public Safety Department had missed anything.
Monegan says a couple of days later they reported back to Todd Palin that there was no new evidence against Wooten. The governor's husband was upset with their answer, Monegan said, and pointed to the killing of the moose as a criminal act.
Monegan says they explained that it was "more a letter of the law than the spirit of the law" violation, because the trooper's wife - the governor's sister - had a permit for the hunt and had been with them at the time.
"She just didn't want to kill it - it was like looking at Bambi," Monegan said.
What's more, they said, after Wooten killed the moose, they and Molly took it to the home of Sarah Palin's parents, who "butchered it up and gave it back."
In other words, Monegan said, the parents and sister might also have to answer for their actions if they were to pursue a case against the trooper.
"I got a phone call from the governor about two days later," they said. "She reiterated the same frustration (over Wooten), the same passion that their husband had."
Palin has repeatedly denied pressuring Monegan to fire their former brother-in-law, but has acknowledged that their aides made as many as two dozen inquiries with state officials about Wooten.
Rick Gorka, a spokesperson for the John McCain campaign, said Palin is fully cooperating with the investigation and called Monegan's allegations sour grapes.
"I think people have had their feathers ruffled by Palin because of their willingness to shake things up," they said. "She is not going to win the Miss Congeniality contest."
Shortly before McCain picked them as their running mate, Palin themselves said they had fired Monegan because they aren't filling vacant trooper jobs quickly enough, wasn't dealing with alcohol abuse among troopers and "did not turn out to be a team player on budgeting issues."
No matter how it plays out, Monegan says that as far as he's concerned, the trooper case has highlighted a character flaw in the would-be veep.
"Inside all of us, we have our likes and dislikes," they said. "But when it comes time for doing official business, you put those back in the personal corner.
"Your motivator may be your heart, but your rudder should be your mind."
North to Alaska: It turns out that well before they were jettisoned for what they say was their refusal to fire trooper Wooten at the behest of Sarah Palin, Monegan had their own share of domestic troubles - some of them spilling all the way down to the Bay Area.
In October 1994, Monegan's estranged wife, who had moved from Alaska to the Peninsula with the couple's two daughters after more than 10 years of marriage, sought a temporary restraining order against them - accusing Monegan of threatening to kill her, waving a gun at them and dislocating their shoulder, according to their declaration on file in Santa Clara County Superior Court.
In an interview last week, Georgene Moldovan said Monegan had threatened several times to throw their body in an Alaska river.
Monegan, 57, who has since remarried, vigorously denied Moldovan's allegations, both in court papers filed at the time and in an interview with us last week. "I'm not a door slammer - I don't punch walls," they said.
Monegan admitted to dislocating Moldovan's shoulder, but said it was an accident that had happened before they were married, while they "were wrestling and tickling."
Moldovan was an emergency room doctor and professor at Stanford and shuttled back and forth from Alaska to the Peninsula the last seven years of their marriage. Monegan asked them for a divorce in 1993, but snapped when they learned they might lose the couple's house, they say.
One day in April 1993, they said in their court filing, "he pulled out their gun and waved it at me outside my home and yelled they would kill me if I stopped him."
In the interview, Moldovan said Monegan "would show up unannounced and break into my apartment and do threatening things. I was forced to get a restraining order because I was really fearful they were going to harm me."
Monegan denounced the allegations as "either half-truths or pure fabrications." They point out that Moldovan made their accusations in the midst of a bitter fight over who would get the couple's daughters.
If any of the allegations had been documented, they said, they would have been fired from their Anchorage police job and never been hired by Palin as Alaska's top cop in 2006.
As for whether any of their own troubles might have clouded their judgment in dealing with Palin's ex-brother-in-law amid their messy divorce, Monegan says no.
"In a nutshell, I never have and I never will condone domestic violence," they said.
And while Monegan hasn't spoken to their ex-wife in years, they say, they are still on very good terms with their first husband - Alaska's U.S. attorney, Nelson Cohen.
EXTRA! Catch our Web page at www.sfgate.com/matierandross.
RELATED: Key players in NASCAR's Silly Season | Drivers of the No. 43
Darrell “Bubba” Wallace Jr., who made four starts this year for Richard Petty Motorsports as a relief driver, will compete full-time for the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series organization in 2018.
RPM officials announced the move Wednesday.
Wallace will replace Aric Almirola, who is leaving at the end of the 2017 season after a six-year stint driving the team's iconic No. 43.
It was an injury to Almirola earlier this year that briefly put Wallace in the seat of the No. 43. They finished inside the top 20 in three of their four starts, including the best of 11th at Kentucky.
RELATED: Bubba's career highlights | Wallace Jr. discusses taking over the No. 43
The four-race effort was an eye-opening experience, Wallace told NASCAR.com
“I didn't know what the Cup Series was about,” they said. “I knew it was taking the next step. I didn't know how big that step was. …
“Look at XFINITY and Trucks stats, I'm one of the most aggressive drivers out there on restarts. I take pride in that. I thought what I was going to bring to the table was somewhat enough. It barely put a dent in what you need to bring to the Cup Series. That's to run 20th and I'm like ‘Holy cow!' ”
Wallace is a six-time winner in NASCAR's Camping World Truck Series with 45 starts. They made 85 starts in the XFINITY Series, including a dozen this year for Roush Fenway Racing before officials there shuttered the team. Wallace was fourth in points at the time.
A graduate of NASCAR's Drive for Diversity program, Wallace is the second African-American driver to win in one of NASCAR's three national series. NASCAR Hall of Fame member Wendell Scott scored one victory in NASCAR's top series on Dec. 1, 1963.
RELATED: Petty puts faith in Wallace Jr. | Victory Lane shots of ‘The King'
Wallace will be the 10th driver to pilot the No. 43 full-time since Petty, a seven-time champion and winner of a NASCAR record 200 races, stepped out of the car in November of 1992. Petty was one of the five inaugural members inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame.
“I think that's pretty bad-ass, actually,” Wallace said of competing for such a legendary figure and family. “It's so unique and I think there is a lot of history to unfold behind that between myself and him. The combination there is really just, I think, a dream come true and just a marketing dream for sure.”
Almirola won once while with RPM; they are only 33, but Petty says Wallace brings a bit of youth to the group.
“And he's had pretty much success about everywhere he's been,” Petty said. “We feel like he's got enough experience to come into Cup racing and after running 3-4 races with us, we said ‘This (is) liable to be a good combination.' ”
Success has been hard to come by for the organization in recent years, with only four wins coming since Petty's retirement. Bobby Hamilton won twice for the group while John Andretti and Almirola each won once.
CAIN: Wallace earns their spotlight and will keep dazzling us
Almirola's victory at Daytona in July of '14 earned them a berth in the NASCAR Playoffs. But they finished 17th in points the following year and 26th last season.  They are currently 29th after missing seven races due to a back injury suffered in May at Kansas Speedway.
Previously a two-car organization, RPM cut back to a single entry beginning in 2017.
“We are not a winning team right now,” Petty said. “We can't put somebody in it and expect them to win the race. So we put Bubba in the car and say ‘OK we have to get consistent.' We'll work on getting in the top 15. We get that settled and we'll go to 10 and just work your way up. And we feel like Bubba can do that.”
The Petty family has been involved in NASCAR since the very beginning — Richard's father Lee, also a member of the NASCAR Hall of Fame, competed in the very first Strictly Stock race held in 1949 in Charlotte, North Carolina.
“I don't know that it's that important for (NASCAR) to have the (Petty) name,” Petty said. “We've been here 68 years I guess, since 1949. Always been involved.”
BRUCE: Petty turns 80, but still ‘The King' in so many ways
The 2018 changes will likely keep them showing up at the track, something he's done nearly every weekend since those early days working for their father.
“I think with the coming deal, I sat down and said ‘you're 80 years old. If you're ever going to do anything, you better get involved,' ” they said. “I think I'll get more involved this coming year than what I've been in the past.”
While Wallace earned high marks for their brief time in the car earlier this season, they know next year will be a different situation with different expectations.
“I think things went so well for me in these four races because I just kind of relaxed and let everything come to me,” Wallace said. “… All the stars need to be in line to win races and run well. You can't make those stars be aligned. Sometimes it's your day, sometimes it's not. Coming to accept that was the biggest thing I think out of those four races that I learned.
“I'll go into Daytona with fingers crossed and eyes open wide.”
Gaming magnate Peter Molyneux, never one to shy away from voicing their opinion on the industry's going-ons, has said that the Xbox One has been wrongly treated by the public.
Speaking to TechRadar, Molyneux said that the backlash on Microsoft has been unfair, with the company dealt a far bigger blow than it deserved.
"It's quite an unfair thought that Microsoft are trying to control our gaming, they're trying to force us to be online all the time," they said. "[People] didn't really think that through."
Back in your boxes, people
Molyneux went on to explain that they believe Microsoft had a bold vision that people should have been prepared to see play out, rather than attacking the console's online dependence from the minute it broke cover.
"I know Microsoft, I know they were only doing things because they thought they were long-reaching and long-thinking. But the world we live in now is that we have to realise, especially if you're a big corporation, if you make one-step wrong, the world will leap on you, and unfairly, very unfairly, they will judge you."
"Like everything else in our world, when something turns slightly bad it goes very bad and you have to make big correctional steps to get yourself back on track."
And despite Microsoft reversing its online and DRM policies, now set to put out a console that's pretty much on par with the PS4, knives are still out - something that Molyneux also thinks is unjust.
"Microsoft did the reversal and we should have all turned round and said 'fantastic, you've really listened to what we're said'. But you have to over-correct to get back online."
Big potential
Molyneux believes the future of gaming is online, as long as developers can create the right experiences.
"Whether as consumers we like it or not, just like every form of technology interaction, there's an inevitability of online. We know that online is so much a part of our existence now that we're going to be in a world very soon where we have to be online all the time.
"A mobile device is more and more non functional without a connection to the internet, and why should that be any different for consoles?"
However, they added that just being online "is not good enough" for gamers.
"You've got to give consumers the real benefit of why being online is a great thing for them. Why it's great for gaming, why it's great for their pockets and why it's great for the experiences they're having.
"If you have an online experience where millions of people interact together, something unique happens," they said. "And we don't use that enough in gaming."
Update: Luke Russert of NBC News now reports that the city of Boston may ask Boston College not to hold the walk, as the reported 11,000 who are interested in participating could cause logistical problems for the city.
Boston College students are looking to help those that couldn't finish the Boston Marathon on Monday due to the explosions that occurred near the finish line.
A Facebook event has been created organizing a walk from Boston College to Boston to honor those who lost their lives and were injured during the tragic events of Patriots' Day. The walk is called “Boston Marathon: The Last 5,” the number of miles from BC's campus to Copley square. It is scheduled for Friday afternoon at 4:30 p.m.
Nearly 5,000 runners crossed the final checkpoint at 24 miles, but were not able to finish the marathon. Boston College student Dani Cole and Michael Padulsky organized the walk, according to Facebook. There are over 5,000 people listed as planning to attend the walk.
Photo via Twitter/@BGlobeSports
india tv exclusive modi had set deadline for sharif to clear stand on terrorism at saarc
Kathmandu: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi had set a deadline for their Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif to clear stand on the critical issue of terrorism at the 18th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) Summit in Kathmandu.
According to the reports available with the India TV, Modi had given Pakistan time till Tuesday evening (4pm) to announce publically that no terror activities would be plotted or funded on its soil.
Besides this, Modi had also asked Sharif to announce that their government will act against 26/11 mastermind, Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, and the two nations will sit together to find a solution to the contentious Kashmir issue without seeking any involvement of extremists and others.
The Indian Prime Minister waited till Tuesday evening for Sharif's reply but Modi didn't receive any affirmative response from their Pakistani counterpart.
It was yesterday, the frostiness of ties between India and Pakistan was completely visible when the two shared the dais at the SAARC Summit in Nepal's capital city.
Sharif after entering the podium did not look at Modi and proceeded straight to their seat. Leave alone a handshake, there was no exchange of courtesies between Prime Ministers of India and Pakistan during the nearly three-hour summit.
Modi and Sharif, who were sitting two seats away from each other, did not look at each other even when Sharif crossed before and after delivering their speech at the 18th meeting of the eight-member regional bloc.
Meanwhile, sources said that the two leaders may hold an informal meet today during the retreat session at Dhulikhel.
Poroshenko: Russia agrees to OSCE armed police mission in the Donbas Monday, April 25, 2016 9:47:00 PM
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko stated that Russia has agreed to deploy an armed OSCE mission in the Donbas.
"I'm very glad that Ukraine's firm position is supported by our partners in The Normandy Group, both the U.S.A. and Russia has agreed to this format. I think we will do it right," Poroshenko said in an interview with Ukrainian TV channels on Sunday evening.
The President emphasized that despite the Herculean efforts of the SMM OSCE, firing, especially in Avdiivka, Marinka and in some areas of the Luhansk region, still continues. "And we have anywhere from 30 to 70 firings in one area per day," they said.
They also emphasized that the absolute majority of violations are the responsibility of the occupying forces. "Our troops are just firing in response. But the SMM OSCE monitors cannot record it as they are not armed [and cannot protect themselves under fire]. They can only record the firings and it is not always possible to determine from which side it was fired," Poroshenko said.
That is why they believe that the new special armed police mission should be involved which will be able to ensure security and to protect them.
Poroshenko noted that the tasks of this mission will be ensuring security, the preparing and holding of elections, and also the transfer of power to newly elected Donbas representatives.
"I think the political settlement can start once security criteria are ensured. Otherwise, we cannot in any way allow the legitimization of the Russian occupation through pseudo-elections following the example of the Crimean pseudo-referendum or pseudo-elections on 2 November 2014. We will not let it happen," they said.
Share
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Small Firms Association has warned a planned Luas strike on St Patrick's Day could cost Dublin city around €50 million in lost revenue, ahead of two further days of stoppages tomorrow and Friday.
Luas operator Transdev has warned the public to make alternative travel arrangements for the next two days as SIPTU prepares for another two-day strike in pursuit of pay increases of up to 53%.
Workers, 99% of whom backed industrial action, were on strike for two days last week, and a further two days of stoppages are scheduled for next month, including on St Patrick's Day.
The industrial action has already cost workers an annual bonus of 6.5% but Transdev has also notified them the four days' pay to be deducted for the strikes will be taken from the next payroll run in one lump.
In a letter to staff, Managing Director Gerry Madden said both management and staff are losers in the current strike situation, and that Transdev's capacity to work with SIPTU to improve terms and conditions over the life of the current Luas operating contract has been seriously damaged by the industrial action.
They also noted that state penalties of €100,000 a day for failing to deliver the Luas service and any loss of income to the company through industrial action must be factored into a final resolution.
Meanwhile, SIPTU urged all parties, including Transport Infrastructure Ireland, to re-enter talks in a bid to resolve the row over pay and terms and conditions.
SIPTU Divisional Organiser Owen Reidy said the staff on the picket line did not want any more industrial action, but they are equally resolved to get what they consider to be a fair and just outcome.
"The matter has got more serious, and the matter has the potential to become more intractable and more difficult with the dates that were announced.
"I spoke to the workers on the picket line last week, they want a resolution, they want no more industrial action. But they are equally resolved to get what they consider to be a fair and just outcome."
Mr Reidy said they hope the matter can be resolved before strike action planned for 8 and 17 March takes place.
Earlier Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport Paschal Donohoe described the timing of the Luas strikes around St Patrick's weekend as very damaging, and timed to deliver maximum disruption not only to commuters but to the city of Dublin.
They said all sides in the dispute, including employees, employers, Dublin and the St Patrick's Day celebrations are losing out.
Both Mr Donohoe and Tánaiste Joan Burton urged all sides to sit down and reach an agreement, saying it was not good for Dublin to lose a vital public transport link.
However, there is no indication of any intervention by the Workplace Relations Commission or the Labour Court, as it is felt that the sides are too far apart at present to do a deal.
Transdev has reminded customers that while they will be able to obtain refunds on season tickets for the strike dates, they cannot transfer the tickets to the CIE group transport services.
The strike will force 90,000 users to make alternative arrangements each day, with thousands more visitors and tourists likely to be affected on St Patrick's Day.
Patricia Callan of the SFA described the claim for pay rises up to 53% as complete nonsense.
"I think it is a very bad decision on behalf of the trade union and certainly I think we have to go back to basics in this dispute.
"It is complete nonsense looking for in the region of 50% pay increase when inflation is 0% and the majority of businesses are still on pay freezes, and those who are giving pay increases are in the order of 2%.
So the bounds have to narrow and we really need both parties to get back to the table and to sort this out. But it has to be reasonable."
Buying Choices
Ok so it is not exactly much to go by, but Roland have teased this image from what they wil have to show at MusikMESSE! And to us that image looks like one of the biggest synthesizer companies in the industry has just entered the small relatively small world of modular synths.
If we are going by this image alone then it seems like Roland will have have an Aira styled semi-modular to offer and four modules. Its not clear what those will be, but we aim to find out ASAP
We will be at Musikmesse in full so in order to keep completely up to date with all the latest be sure to stay locked on sonicstate.com/news
Thanks to Synthjam for the spot!
More From: ROLAND
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Los Angeles Police Department is investigating the skeletal remains of a human body found late Saturday night near the entrance of Los Liones Canyon Trail in Pacific Palisades.
According to police, West LAPD officers responded to a radio call of a death investigation at 11:15 a.m., Saturday, Sept. 22, near the trail entrance in the 500 block of Los Liones Drive. Two hikers were hiking near the trail when they observed what appeared to be a human skull and then reported their findings to a nearby L.A. City fire station who in turn notified police.
Upon arrival, officers were directed to an area near a hiking trail not far from the entrance to the Los Liones Canyon Trail where they found the remains of what appeared to be a human skull. Officers checked the area and observed the skeletal remains of a human torso approximately 20 feet from the skull.
Detectives from the West Bureau Homicide Unit and investigators from the Los Angeles County Coroner's Office responded to the scene. The exact cause and mode of death cannot be determined until an autopsy is performed, according to police. The remains have not been identified.
Anyone with information about this case is urged to call West Bureau Homicide Detectives Robledo or Freund at (213) 382-9470. During weekends and off-hours, call the 24-hour toll free number at 1-877-LAPD24-7 (1-877-527-3247). Anyone wishing to remain anonymous should call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (800-222-8477).
The universe sings to us in gravitational waves, and we're starting to listen. Michelle Thaller discusses the discovery of gravitational waves and their unusual effects in their latest astronomy podcast.
Surely one of the most profoundly wonderful and strange ideas in modern physics is that empty space, coupled with time itself, is a thing that can be bent and stretched, and even made to ripple like waves on a pond.
More than 100 years ago, Albert Einstein described gravity as a bending of space and time; anything with mass, from an electron to a supermassive black hole, can bend the universe around it, distorting the measurements of our rulers and clocks in the process. And if this mass happens to move around, spacetime responds to that motion, creating waves of gravity. Incredibly, we exist in a matrix of constantly bending and rippling spacetime.
Luckily for us, it takes a huge amount of energy to generate even a tiny distortion, compared to our human scale. These waves are so small that our most advanced detection devices have just barely been able to tease out signals from one of the most violent events the universe has to offer: two merging, massive black holes. In September 2015, twin detectors that make up the Laser Interferometric Gravitational Wave Observatory (LIGO) shook slightly as the waves from a black hole merger 1.3 billion light-years away reached Earth. This event was the first confirmed detection of a gravitational wave, and by the time it passed us by, the ripple was many, many times smaller than the diameter of a single proton. But that was enough for LIGO.
In this episode of Orbital Path, Professor Jana Levin, a theoretical physicist at Columbia University, tells us the remarkable story about how LIGO came to catch those elusive waves for the first time, turning new eyes, or more accurately, new ears, on to the sound of the universe itself.
If we indeed live in a rippling and undulating universe, are there consequences of gravitational waves we can see, even if the waves themselves were not detected? Marco Chiaberge (STScI) thinks they may have seen just that. Using the Hubble Space Telescope, Chiaberge found a very strange galaxy that appears to be hurling a supermassive black hole out of its core.
Bright, active galaxies are usually powered by black holes millions or billions of times the mass of the Sun in their cores, probably the end result of many smaller black holes colliding and merging over huge timescales. It would make sense, then, that these hugely massive objects would rest right in the center, at the center of mass of their galaxies, everything else spinning around them. But in this case, a black hole with the mass of a billion Suns has been sent careening out of its galaxy at over 4 million mph. Can we all just pause for a moment and consider that? What could possibly have the energy to accelerate a billion solar masses to such immense speeds?
Chiaberge thinks gravitational waves might be the answer. If two huge black holes merge in some rare and unbalanced say, the resulting waves might have gone off asymmetrically, like a bullet fired out of a gun. And the black hole got kicked hard by the recoil.
How else do gravitational waves influence the universe around us? What sorts of exotic objects will we find with the next generation of gravitational wave observatories? We have hardly any idea yet. The universe has been singing to us all along, but only in the last two years have we opened our ears to listen.
Orbital Path is produced by PRX and supported by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. Don't miss PRX's other science podcasts: Transistor and Outside Magazine.
Four takeaways from an in-depth look by the Boston "Globe" at the brothers behind the Boston Marathon bombing
A new probe into the lives of the brothers accused of setting off bombs at the Boston Marathon earlier this year revealed that the elder brother may have been struggling with mental illness.
The Boston Globe's five-month investigation sheds more light on the lives of Dzhokhar and the late Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the brothers who allegedly planted bombs made from pressure cookers that killed three and injured more than 260 at the Boston Marathon in April. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 20, could face the death penalty, while their 26-year-old brother was killed in a police standoff in the days following the explosion.
New details on the background of the Chechen family from Dagestan reveal that the motive behind the bombing may be more complex than just purported influence from Islamist radicals. Here are five takeaways from the in-depth look at the Tsarnaev family.
1. Tamerlan said they heard voices in their head.
Anna Nikaeva, a Chechen living in the Newtown area, said Tsarnaev's mother ignored the possibility that their son suffered from mental illness. A friend who accompanied Tamerlan to mosque said they described the voices as “majestic mind control.” While both parents regularly saw a psychiatrist after arriving in the U.S., they refused to recognize Tamerlan's growing concern with their own condition.
2. Dzhokhar was a drug dealer who should have flunked out of college.
The 20-year-old spent most of their time dealing marijuana while at the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth. In fact, they failed so many classes that they should have not been allowed to return for their spring semester under normal circumstances, the Globe reported. The younger brother did not receive as much attention as their boxing brother did, and a wrestling coach said they didn't meet a family member once in three years. When Dzhokhar graduated from the Community Charter Schools of Cambridge, only the family's landlady was in attendance.
3. Patriarch Anzor Tsarnaev may have lied about persecution in order to move to the U.S.
Claiming they were a victim of persecution in Kyrgyzstan, Anzor sought asylum in the U.S. But experts point out that there was no evidence of Chechen persecution during the time the family lived in Kyrgyzstan. A family friend alleged that “he made that up … so that the Americans would give them a visa.” Rather, the Globe posits that the family was escaping Russian criminals or simply economic hardship. However, Anzor, who now lives in Dagestan, struggled with night fits of screaming and possibly suffered from PTSD.
4. Tamerlan's trip to Dagestan may have had something to do with a murdered friend.
The 26-year-old boxer traveled to southern Russia after their friend Brendan Mess, along with two other friends, was murdered in 2011. Tamerlan did not attend the wake or funeral, and their friends said they were “puzzled” by their reaction. When Tamerlan returned from Dagestan, friends noted that they were visibly and emotionally different. Friends noted that they became more serious, and they last referred to the voices in their head with a fearful tone.
Read the in-depth investigation here.
[The Boston Globe]
THR checked in with a Vatican expert to find out what the Jude Law-starrer gets right and wrong about the inner workings of the Catholic Church.
Since premiering at the Venice Film Festival in 2016, Paolo Sorrentino's new show The Young Pope starring Jude Law has been causing quite a stir. From breaking ratings records in Italy to inspiring a global meme of papal song lyrics, the critically lauded show, now airing on HBO, had more pre-launch buzz than most established franchises. While some conservative outlets were shocked and offended with the series' portrayal of a young American pope, most Church reviews have been very favorable.
Indeed throughout the first season of the show, the production worked with consultants from the Catholic Church. But just how probable is the plot of the show?
Law's character of Lenny Belardo is mysteriously elected to power, becoming Pope Pius XIII overnight. They doubt their faith, wondering how there can be a God if their parents abandoned them as a child, desperately trying to connect to them and their faith again. They fire the Vatican photographer, and all but makes the Vatican media obsolete. And as a result of their unpopularity and failure to market their image, they risk bankrupting the Vatican coffers.
The Hollywood Reporter checked in with Vatican expert Massimo Faggioli, a professor of theology and religious studies at Villanova University, and author of the books John XXIII: The Medicine of Mercy and Pope Francis: Tradition in Transition. Read on to find out just what Faggioli thinks the series got right and wrong about the inner workings of the Vatican.
What's your favorite moment in the series?
Probably when the pope says that from now on the pope will have to be invisible: Nobody can photograph them and see him. Their image will have to be mysterious. This is unlikely if not impossible in the Church of today, but it says a lot about the filmmaker, Paolo Sorrentino's profound understanding of how the papacy works in the world of global news today.
The Vatican historically has been a very secretive organization. Do you think this show pulls back the curtains?
In a sense, yes, this show pulls back the curtains because if it is true that it portrays a fictional and very unlikely pope (so young, so American), at the same time it shows in plain sight a few uncomfortable facts about Vatican politics (the ruthless career system, the volatility of clerical alliances). To the eye of the expert, it is clear that the show also is based on a deep knowledge of how the Vatican really worked in this last century and still works politically and institutionally.
How accurate is the political and financial corruption revealed in the show?
There is a long history of scandals that historians know well. The show has no intention to be accurate in the sense of “tell it how it is,” but the intention is to tell that the very human dimension of the papacy coexists with the spiritual dimension. Spiritual life and financial corruption are not incompatible – unfortunately – in the Catholic Church, as in all religions. In the Vatican they have always coexisted. What is new is the media pressure on revealing them and dealing with them. Secular news media have been more effective than very important thinkers and theologians preaching against clerical corruption since the Middle Ages.
How accurate is the role of "progressives" vs. "conservatives" portrayed in the Vatican?
It is accurate in the sense that different “parties” exist in the Church, and they become very important in the key moments in the life of the Church, the conclave for the election of the pope especially. But it is far more complicated than a two-party system. Within each culture — progressive and conservative — there are sub-cultures that can stir the mix in unpredictable ways: there is the generational factor (old and young), the national and ethnic factor (the geopolitics of the Vatican), personal relationships, short-term alliances and deep-seated incompatibilities.
How influential is the media in the Vatican vs. how it's presented in the show?
It is very influential, much more than in the past. You can see that from the fact that one of the few institutional reforms in the Vatican of Francis is a reorganization of the media system of the Vatican, in a sense also in order to defend the Vatican from the aggressiveness and professionalization of journalists covering the Vatican. Especially the world of Catholic journalism on social media is a totally new actor representing a new actor in the politics of the Vatican. Not to mention bishops and cardinals arguing on Twitter and sometimes criticizing the pope on Twitter — something completely unthinkable until a few years ago.
What does the show most get wrong about the Vatican?
A few things. For example, the lifestyle of the pope. Now, the real life of the pope is a mix of a priest and a CEO with a very hectic schedule, while the pope of the show seems to have a lot of free time, time for leisurely walks in the Vatican gardens. But the show gets wrong a few things because this show does not want to be always "realistic." The show wants to tell a few truths about the Vatican as a symbol of power, and I think it does a very good job.
We see a lot about the relationships of the pope and how close people are allowed to get to him. How accurate is this, in a typical day of Pope Francis?
It is quite accurate (even if I do not believe there is a secret button to call the nun when the pope is tired of talking to somebody). The pope has an official schedule that is handled by an institution in the Vatican presided by a bishop, but they have also a small, informal circle of advisers and friends that have easy access to him. And of course, there are a few people who have access to the people who have access to the pope. Every pope has their own rules and ways for access, but there is always the official path and the unofficial way.
How accurate are the economics of the Vatican presented in the show?
Well, some popes got very close to bankrupting the Vatican — or at least they let some people do it until emergency measures were taken. But it was not because of change in the marketing of the pope's image or merchandising but because of reckless financial investments, like during the pontificate of John Paul II. Pope Francis initially wanted to get rid of the Vatican bank, but then they realized that it was impossible because the Vatican cannot work today without a financial institution, so they decided to clean it up and change the way it works. It is a very important part of the Vatican that only recently has been given to real experts to manage.
When the series premiered there was some conservative backlash over showing a radical (smoking, God-questioning) pope. Could this be comparable to the backlash against Pope Francis?
It is very realistic. There has been a real backlash against Pope Francis after their election, when the cardinals realized that they elected a guy who was different from what they expected. The backlash against a pope is never about their smoking habits, but always about their policies, their priorities, their personnel choices, and of course about their religious views. In the show there are a few scenes that I believe happened or were very similar to what happened in the Vatican since the March 13, 2013, election of Pope Francis.
What kind of opposition is Pope Francis facing today and how do they manage this?
There are different kinds of opposition: There is an institutional opposition trying to defend the status quo of the Vatican and of the power of the Church; there is theological opposition against any change in the practice and teaching of the church about moral issues and about other religions (Islam especially); and there is a political opposition against the social and political message of the pope about social inclusion, capitalism, refugees and immigrants and the environment. Francis navigates all this very well: They learned a lot about politics as a superior of the Jesuits in Argentina during the dictatorship and the “dirty war.”  They are a very skilled politician, both for the internal politics of the Church and dealing with politicians and world leaders.
Given the ebb and flow of politics, what kind of pope do you think the Vatican will elect after Pope Francis?
Somebody different from Francis for sure, but not an American young pope. The Church is in a way an “empire” parallel to the American empire of the USA. But the USA is the global superpower. Rome and Washington need to keep some distance one from the other in many different ways. This is one of the reasons that make the election of an American pope unlikely.
According to Fox News, costumes ridiculing Donald Trump are just as offensive as putting on blackface or donning Nazi symbols.
Fox News fired up their outrage machine on Sunday in response to a college guide advising students to avoid wearing symbols of bigotry and hate as part of their Halloween costumes.
The guide, which was published in a magazine run by students at Ohio State University, features a tongue-in-cheek flowchart to help students determine whether a Halloween costume is appropriate or not.
Among those costumes deemed inappropriate: Anything involving swastikas, blackface, or Pepe the frog.
Most people with a sense of decency would agree that costumes that poke fun at recent tragedies or involve wearing swastikas or blackface are offensive and should be avoided. Most people with a sense of humor would also notice that the costume guide is dripping with sarcasm.
But Fox News only trafficks in manufactured outrage, so concepts such as humor and decency are lost on them.
College Halloween Costume Guide Says No Indian Headdresses, But Ridiculing Trump Finehttps://t.co/c4BhwykEWO — Fox News (@FoxNews) October 15, 2017
According to Fox, if costumes mocking Donald Trump are acceptable, then symbols of bigotry and hate should be acceptable, too.
“Whites must avoid any kind of headwear from other cultures, but everyone else may include it in their costume,” the unsigned Fox article declared, conveying utter bafflement that some people don't find any humor in dehumanizing an entire culture.
The article proceeded to whine about the idea of prohibiting symbols associated with genocide when “anything making fun of the president is fine.” And in the Fox and Friends segment that leads off the article, Cabot Phillips, the media director from CampusReform.org, absurdly labeled the opposition to offensive costumes as creating a “hierarchy of oppression,” and insisted that being “offended” gives someone “special status on the left and on college campuses.” “It's not preparing students for the real world,” they fretted. As ridiculous as the faux outrage is, would you really expect anything different from the newsroom that functions as Trump's personal propaganda outlet?
SaveSaveSaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
SaveSave
This article is over 2 years old
‘Tiger snakes are very good climbers,' professional catcher says after call from surprised Melbourne woman
It's no partridge in a pear tree but a Melbourne woman got a seasonal surprise when they found a tiger snake entwined among the tinsel on their Christmas tree.
The Frankston woman discovered the snake in their tree on Sunday morning and called in professional snake catcher Barry Goldsmith.
“It's one of the more different ones, but we find them in all sorts of places,” Goldsmith said. “Tiger snakes are very good climbers.”
Twice bitten: outback worker's venomous snake double whammy Read more
Goldsmith, who runs Snake Catcher Victoria, said the woman did the right thing by taking a photo of the snake then closing off the room until a professional arrived.
With the warmer weather, snakes are more active, but people should leave them alone and not try to kill them, Goldsmith said. “It's dangerous, it's illegal, and it's cruel.”
ADVERTISEMENT
I compare this election to a job interview. The employers (that's you, Mr. and Mrs. America) are sick to death of the current job holder (that's my team, the GOP). They are itching to fire us.
But they cannot do it until they have found a plausible alternative. Now if the alternative gives offense or embarrasses themselves at the interview—if they somehow show themselves unacceptable—then the employer will have no choice: He'll have to struggle on with the current incumbent for a little longer.
If, however, the alternative behaves himself—if they say the right things, if nothing disgraceful can be found in their resume—then the job is his.
So (to repeat something I said in my very first column in this space) Barack Obama's most important challenge in this race was to make themselves boring. They needed to leave behind the soaring rhetoric and grand themes of the primary campaign and act the part of a responsible, level-headed president-in-waiting.
Watching Tuesday's presidential debate—possibly the most boring presidential debate in history—I can only say: mission accomplished.
Meanwhile, McCain careens from mistake to mistake.
McCain's job in this campaign was to stay cool. They had to recognize: “Look, by all rights I should lose this thing. But you never know. Obama is inexperienced, over-educated, and likely to be perceived by many voters as exotic, even alien. Over months of electioneering, he's bound to stumble. When they do, I'm here—a steady pair of hands—to pick up the pieces.”
But staying cool in the face of downbeat polls requires tremendous discipline. The natural temptation is to Do Things—to Change the Game!
Hence the Palin nomination. Hence the campaign suspension. Hence the misleading negative ads.
The problem is that the more a candidate Does Things, the more likely they are to make a mistake—to frighten off voters at the very moment they need to be reassuring them. That is what has happened to McCain. Whatever else you say about their campaign, it's not boring!
The McCain campaign has depicted Obama as a dishonorable slanderer of American troops, a friend of terrorists who is thrusting sex upon kindergarten children. Spicy stuff. (It certainly got a reaction from Shrum.)
But then we see the actual Obama on stage—and they sure does not sound spicy. They sound grave and measured. They speak respectfully of John McCain. They find something nice to say about George W. Bush. You can almost hear swing voters across America thinking, “He's polite. He's presentable. They seem less jumpy than the old white guy. He'll do.”
I'm not sure that McCain's negative advertising was ever meant to be believed. I think it was meant to provoke.
McCain may have hoped to do to Obama what George W. Bush did to them in the famous South Carolina primary of 2000: get under their skin in a way that goads them into a self-destructive outburst. If Obama had lost their temper, if they had even complained, they would have been done for. America is ready for a lot, but it's not ready to hear a young, Harvard-educated black man criticize a white war hero.
But then—Obama doesn't have to criticize him, does he? They can follow the advice of another white war hero, Napoleon Bonaparte: Never interfere with an enemy in the process of self-destruction.
Navy Rings, Dark Grain, Yellow Cloth
THE BONGO. Subverting the Retail Model: An all-natural bamboo speaker with bluetooth portability and best in class audio technology.
Thank you for visiting our campaign! We truly appreciate your feedback and support. This project was inspired by places. New York, Shanghai, Venice Beach, Hong Kong, Wellfleet. We love to travel, some of us live abroad, and we wanted to create a product that would travel with us. A product that would get us, and those around us to rip out their headphones and be together in the same room, listening to the same song. After more than a year sketching out designs, hunting down materials and developing prototype after prototype, we're finally ready to present our first creation: the Bongo. For us, the coolest thing about the Bongo is imagining where it might end up in the world. We're just excited to be along for the ride, to partake in the moveable feast.
Black Rings, Light Grain, Black and White Zigzag Cloth
Here's what you should know about the Bongo:
Amazing Sound and Wireless Connectivity
Environmentally Friendly
Beautifully Designed through Designer Collaboration
Built to Last
Exclusive Pricing: $60 for our first backers on Kickstarter.
1. Sound. Bongo uses APT-X best-in-class audio decompression software, 1.5” drivers utilizing Rare Earth Magnets and Dual 1.75” Passive bass radiators in airtight compartments. What does all that mean? You'll be blown away by how incredible Bongo sounds for such a lightweight, portable speaker. Not only can Bongo go head to head with any portable speaker on the market, it sounds better than your ihome or ipod speakers without any of the cords.
2. Environmentally friendly. The bamboo housing resonates much better than plastic or metal and produces a full, natural sound. Bamboo is one of the world's most incredible, durable and abundant natural resources and guess what? Pandas love it too! (But don't worry there is plenty for everyone to share!)
3. Design. When did speakers go from looking like this:
To this:
Speakers used to be beautiful design pieces that elevated your home, and that's how we designed the Bongo. The bamboo shell is natural and warm. We collaborated with designer Meghan Sebold to develop beautiful speaker cloths that were selected from unique materials (including 100% natural hemp) and Meghan helped us pair those with colored rings to create color combinations that pop. Collaborating with designers and giving them a cut of the profit is part of how O&E is changing the traditional retail model.
4. Built to last. The Bongo was built to last, each aspect of the speaker inside and out was poured over with long lasting quality in mind, but if it ever stops working, we've got your back with a warranty.
Dark Brown Rings, Dark Grain, Tweed Cloth
5. Exclusive Pricing. Portable bluetooth speakers cost between $140-$300. We're cutting out the middle man, producing ourselves and selling direct. Our first Kickstarter backers will get a Bongo for just $60. That's the beauty of being vertically integrated, (we control design, production and distribution) so we can deliver products to you at wholesale prices.
The Bongos
Key Tech Specs:
Plays music wirelessly from your phone with bluetooth.
8 Hours of playback before re-charging.
Light Weight and Portable.
30 foot range
Protective Hemp Satchel: Every Bongo comes with a protective satchel made from ultra durable hemp canvas.
Braided Hemp Aux Line Just in case you need to go old school, we're including a braided hemp auxiliary line so you can plug your phone directly into Bongo and play!
Hemp Auxiliary Cord
Stretch Goal #1 - BONGO BIKE MOUNT
We've been blown away by the response to our campaign so far. The KS community is stellar － your suggestions and feedback go a long way toward making the Bongo better.
With that in mind we're announcing our first stretch goal! Once we hit $80,000, any backer can add $20 to their reward for a Bongo with a bike mount. This universal mount will fit most bikes, and let's you jam out while you ride. Check it out below:
Stretch Goal #2. EXTERNAL BATTERY + UPDATED CASE
We're setting a new stretch goal of $100,000! To help us get there we're now offering an external battery that will charge Bongo OR any smart phone for an extra 5-6 hours. If we reach $100,000 every backer will get an improved hemp carrying case with a front pocket pouch for your battery and phone, an improved protective lining and improved tactile buttons for FREE. Current backers only need to add $22 to their current pledge to get a battery and new backers can select a Bongo + Battery Reward. Check it out:
BATTERY DETAILS:
Adds 5-6 of battery t Bongo OR any smart phone.
Charges two devices simultaneously
Dimensions: 4.1" x 2.6" x .6"
6600 MAH
Totally portable just like bongo and plugs in to any device with a normal usb or mini usb cord.
$20 Reward- For supports who give us just $20 we'll send you out this premium 100% cotton special addition T-shirt:
Why Otis & Eleanor?
Everything we are led us to here. Randy and Mike independently left the United States over 5 years ago to explore a new frontier: China. They learned the culture and the language. They learned how to tell the difference between a good, safe, fair factory and a sketchy one. Most of all, they learned a lost art: how to make things.
Meanwhile in New York, Adam dedicated their life to a different frontier: The Internet. They were inspired by the abundance of design talent in New York and dismayed by how seldom it reached an audience.
Our collective experience led us to a startling conclusion: it would blow peoples mind if they knew what it cost to produce the products they buy. Furthermore, retailers siphon all the value out of the supply chain and designers are paid little for their creativity. In the end, it's the consumer (you) who ends up paying a premium.
We wanted to change all that by collaborating with awesome designers to create amazing products we design, produce and distribute ourselves.
Our Partner in Crime
Meghan in Ghana sporting an Afia Crop Top
Independent Designer for the Bongo: Meghan from Afia
Otis and Eleanor plans to partner with independent designers for all our projects. For the Bongo, Meghan helped our team select and style the beautiful speaker cloth, colored rings and bamboo grain. It is these details that make the Bongo special. Exceptional materials make exceptional products.
Like the O&E team, Meghan is a nomad. She's a longstanding member of the moveable feast and is, a true inspiration to us. With Afia, Meghan identified a way to bridge their own culture with Ghana's through fashion. They created a fashion line that fuses the vibrant, traditional textiles of West Africa with American Trends. Each garment is sewn by artisans from a women's cooperative in Ghana where they're paid a fair wage for their craft.
How to Pair Your Bongo with Your Phone
Design
It took us more than a year and a dozen prototypes to get the Bongo just right. Check out some of the pictures below to see our progress:
Our first prototypes!
After every iteration, we made incremental improvements to the design, manufacturing methods, and even the sound profile.
Exploring speaker grill options on an early prototype
Final Prototyping and Color Selection
Manufacturing
We consider our manufacturing experience to be one of our greatest strengths at Otis & Eleanor. Randy and Mike are on the ground in the epicenter of global trade and manufacturing - Southern China, where Bongo is produced. We've spent the last year working hard vetting factories, coordinating assembly of the final product, and cultivating meaningful relationships with our suppliers (this is really important in China!) We've finalized the product design and developed working prototypes, and we will personally QC every unit that comes off the production line. Here is our manufacturing timeline:
October 15 - Pre-production begins for Early Bird Backers
November 15 - Campaign wrap-up and Early Bird backer products ship
December 1- Bulk product shipment, sorting, and fulfillment
December 20th - All backers will have received their rewards!
A word about China
Some people hear you're manufacturing in China and get a bit squeamish about labor conditions. This is a dangerous and unfair generalization. Randy and Mike have spent the last 5 years living and working (with factories) in China and one of our greatest advantages as a team is their presence on the ground. China is a developing nation and there ARE factories with unfair and unsafe labor conditions, but we aren't working with them and unlike other companies (even massive ones) who are assured by factory bosses everything is on the level, we know because we are there, on the factory floor, watching every Bongo come off the assembly line.
Shipping
We've partnered with an experienced fulfillment center just outside New York to handle the final leg of distribution and shipping. This isn't their first rodeo, and we're quite confident all backers will receive rewards by December 20th.
The city of Toronto's budget committee approved a pair of rate increases Friday as the 2018 budget process got underway at city hall.
The committee approved a water rate hike of five per cent and a solid waste hike of 1.9 per cent, though the committee members also approved a freeze on parking rates.
Water, waste management and parking constitute the city's three fee-for-service programs, which are primarily funded by individual users instead of taxes.
The operating budget for those services amounted to $1.79 billion in 2017, or 14 per cent of the city's most recent operating budget.
The capital budget for those services, which funds larger projects such as construction and infrastructure upgrades, is forecast at $13.27 billion between now and 2026.
'We need to refurbish the entire system'
The five per cent water rate increase was first approved by city council in 2015, and would bump the average Toronto family's water bill by $47 next year, from $942 to $989.
The increased rates are expected to raise an additional $54.4 million for Toronto Water, which will help fund a range of projects including water main replacement, sewage treatment plant upgrades and a basement flooding protection plan.
"We need to refurbish the entire system, and that's what we're doing right now," said budget committee chair Gary Crawford.
Budget Chair Gary Crawford says the money is needed for a number of major infrastructure projects. (John Rieti/CBC)
Coun. John Campbell said that point was driven home after a recent visit to an aging Etobicoke treatment plant.
"You can see clearly when you go to one of those facilities that the money is needed for infrastructure," they said. "Those facilities are so old."
Despite years of rate hikes above five per cent, Toronto Water says the 2018 prices are still competitive with other municipalities around the Greater Toronto Area.
"We still think that's great value for what you're getting," said Lou Di Gironimo, general manager of Toronto Water, which is forecasting another three per cent increase for 2019.
Households encouraged to downsize garbage bins
Single family households will also see a two per cent increase for waste management services, while people living in multi-residential buildings such as condos will see a one per cent hike. The so-called blended rate, which factors in other waste-related increases, averages 1.9 per cent, according to the city.
After the increases, the cost of a small garbage bin for a single family home will be $254.66 and an extra large bin will cost $486.99.
A large garbage bin would cost a household $419.85 in 2018, two per cent higher than current rates. (CBC)
The city is counting on that price difference to encourage more households to opt for a smaller bin, and to more carefully sort out recyclable and organic materials.
"We're suggesting, get down to a medium bin or a small bin and you'll actually save money over the long run," Crawford said.
The higher garbage rates are expected to generate an additional $5.74 million. The waste management department says that will help pay for fleet maintenance and the cost of sorting through increasing contamination in blue bins.
The Toronto Parking Authority is not recommending any increases to parking rates for 2018.
The budget commitee will hear from the public about the rate hikes next week, with the goal of getting the increases fully approved before the end of the year.
#f1 on Kimi a guest Nov 26th, 2012 418 Never a guest418Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 5.57 KB Nov 25 12:20:36 <sonap> HAHA Nov 25 12:20:38 <sonap> WTF Nov 25 12:20:38 <Seref> fo shizzle Nov 25 12:20:39 <GoFernando[ALO]> KIMI WHERE ARE YOU GOING Nov 25 12:20:42 <Hohoras_> hahahaha kimi Nov 25 12:20:42 <sonap> HAHAHA Nov 25 12:20:42 <Kapow[Williams]> where tf is kim Nov 25 12:20:43 <stomper> lol Nov 25 12:20:43 <sonap> KIMI Nov 25 12:20:43 <Shinji> inc hulk overtake on Ham soon Nov 25 12:20:43 <oskar_ice> raikkonen in trouble Nov 25 12:20:45 <sonap> ROFLMOA Nov 25 12:20:46 <MALDOZER> LMAO KIMI IS LOST Nov 25 12:20:48 <TheRedCoin> NICE Nov 25 12:20:49 <redisdead> LOL Nov 25 12:20:49 <Jawmare[VET]> lol kimi Nov 25 12:20:50 <Jabu> ShorthCut Kimi? Nov 25 12:20:50 <sonap> HAHAHAHAahaha Nov 25 12:20:51 <iamthemittenman> loll Nov 25 12:20:51 <redisdead> APPLE MAPS Nov 25 12:20:52 <WebbersChin_> hahahahaha Nov 25 12:20:52 <alphabet> HAHAH Nov 25 12:20:52 <Zeld> LOL Nov 25 12:20:52 <SpikyCactus> LOL KIMI Nov 25 12:20:53 <Kapow[Williams]> I LOVE KIMI Nov 25 12:20:54 <sonap> omg Nov 25 12:20:54 <iCHARRY> kimi Nov 25 12:20:55 <DisraeliEers> LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!! Nov 25 12:20:55 <oskar_ice> lol Nov 25 12:20:55 <StayGold> hahahahah Nov 25 12:20:55 <Kreius[Alo]> holy shit Nov 25 12:20:55 <Ph3zz> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:20:55 <petezahot> go home kime, you are drunk Nov 25 12:20:56 <cyanide[ALO]> LMFAO Nov 25 12:20:56 <tkcom> LOL KIMI Nov 25 12:20:56 <Jawmare[VET]> LOLOL Nov 25 12:20:56 <sonap> OMG Nov 25 12:20:56 <iCHARRY> lol Nov 25 12:20:57 <Zeld> KIMI EXPLORING Nov 25 12:20:58 <InterPlace55> RAI tried something, but nope Nov 25 12:20:58 <Munchor[RAI]> LOOL KIMIK Nov 25 12:20:59 <Hohoras_> looooool Nov 25 12:21:00 <opiates> hahaha Nov 25 12:21:01 <IggyPoop> Kimi's off to the shops Nov 25 12:21:01 <LiveTimingBot> F1PitRadio: Ferrari setup now Nov 25 12:21:01 <LiveTimingBot> F1PitRadio: Massa asks, "What's our position for the pit stop?" Smedley, "We are very close, very close" Nov 25 12:21:02 <Hohoras_> hahahahaha Nov 25 12:21:02 <opiates> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:02 <callik> xD Nov 25 12:21:03 <cliffnerd> brilliant Nov 25 12:21:04 <opiates> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:04 <Zeld> WAT Nov 25 12:21:04 <iCHARRY> doesnt know what hes doing there Nov 25 12:21:04 <Hohoras_> hahaahaha Nov 25 12:21:05 <GoFernando[ALO]> oh god kimi Nov 25 12:21:05 <Munchor[RAI]> HAHAHAHHA Nov 25 12:21:05 <MALDOZER> KIMI IS DRUNK Nov 25 12:21:05 <K7> OH MY GOD Nov 25 12:21:05 <cyanide[ALO]> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:06 <Zeld> LOL Nov 25 12:21:06 <sonap> "I'M GOING BACK TO RALLY!" Nov 25 12:21:07 <InterPlace55> and onto the grass Nov 25 12:21:07 <opiates> LMFAO Nov 25 12:21:07 <ohtakashawa1> KIMI GOT LOST HAHAHAHAH Nov 25 12:21:07 <GuitaringEgg> YAS Nov 25 12:21:07 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi is my hero Nov 25 12:21:07 <Vaanir> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:08 <StayGold> FUCK IT UP THE HILL!!! Nov 25 12:21:08 <MintyMBA[ALO]> what the fuck Nov 25 12:21:09 <h0er> Kimi offroad Nov 25 12:21:09 <cyanide[ALO]> AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:09 <TheGinjaNinja6828> nice one kimi Nov 25 12:21:10 <SpikyCactus> ????????? Nov 25 12:21:11 <tkcom> loloololololololol Nov 25 12:21:11 <alphabet> Oh kimi Nov 25 12:21:11 <nostaw> just going for a stroll Nov 25 12:21:11 <Zeld> RALLY THAT SHIT Nov 25 12:21:12 <discotuna[ALO]> that was fantastic Nov 25 12:21:12 <TheRedCoin> KIMI THE EXPLORER Nov 25 12:21:13 <cyanide[ALO]> LMFAO Nov 25 12:21:13 <Jabu> Who left the Gate Open! Nov 25 12:21:13 <ohtakashawa1> how do you get lost on an F1 track Nov 25 12:21:14 <idio3> looooooooool Nov 25 12:21:14 <ohtakashawa1> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:15 <Frenchpress> where is kimi going hahaha Nov 25 12:21:15 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi needs a map Nov 25 12:21:15 <davie18_> lol thats gotta be the no. 1 kimi moment now Nov 25 12:21:16 <opiates> IN THE GRASS Nov 25 12:21:16 <iamthemittenman> this is amazing :D Nov 25 12:21:16 <opiates> XFD Nov 25 12:21:16 <team_honey_badger> offroading Nov 25 12:21:17 <Kreius[Alo]> lol damn kimi Nov 25 12:21:17 <iCHARRY> 20 to go! Nov 25 12:21:17 <h0er> Hahaha Nov 25 12:21:17 <raidengear> LOL Nov 25 12:21:18 <oskar_ice> its raining pretty hard Nov 25 12:21:18 <cliffnerd> that was awesome Nov 25 12:21:20 <Munchor[RAI]> HAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:21 <SpikyCactus> KIMI WHAT ARE YOU DOING Nov 25 12:21:21 <StayGold> That might be one of the best things I've ever seen. Nov 25 12:21:21 <MooBaloo> AGAHAHAHA KIMI GOT LOST Nov 25 12:21:22 <sdf1> goooo KIMI!! Nov 25 12:21:23 <h0er> Hahaha :p Nov 25 12:21:23 <sdf1> hahhahahaa Nov 25 12:21:24 <SpikyCactus> HAHA COME FROM RALLYING Nov 25 12:21:25 <IggyPoop> That's WRC Nov 25 12:21:27 <Earphones[MAS]> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:28 <Jabu> Kimi found the secret part of the track Nov 25 12:21:28 <idio3> go home kimi, you're drunk Nov 25 12:21:33 <K7> Waiting for that to be GIFFED Nov 25 12:21:33 <reijin64> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:34 <reijin64> KIMI Nov 25 12:21:35 <iCHARRY> FUCKING FINNS Nov 25 12:21:36 <jerkstate[VET]> poor kimi Nov 25 12:21:37 <reijin64> YOU SAUSAGE Nov 25 12:21:37 <DoTheDooDoo> KIMI - oh you! Nov 25 12:21:37 <crshbndct[MAL]> 54 laps - fullpoints if race is stopped now Nov 25 12:21:39 <Shinji> hamilton's tyres hit the cliff? Nov 25 12:21:40 <MintyMBA[ALO]> ohshit it looks like it's getting wetter Nov 25 12:21:40 <Lunatric> fucking gps Nov 25 12:21:41 <Kreius[Alo]> oh shit, back makers Nov 25 12:21:42 <cliffnerd> SHORT CUT! kimi was thinking Nov 25 12:21:44 <Shinji> nvm backmarker Nov 25 12:21:45 <Kreius[Alo]> COME ON KARTH HIT VETTEL Nov 25 12:21:46 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi pitting for a map Nov 25 12:21:49 <Hohoras_> i wonder whats going on in the tv room at the track "HEY DUDE PUT ON KIMI" Nov 25 12:21:50 <opiates> lmfao
RAW Paste Data
Nov 25 12:20:36 <sonap> HAHA Nov 25 12:20:38 <sonap> WTF Nov 25 12:20:38 <Seref> fo shizzle Nov 25 12:20:39 <GoFernando[ALO]> KIMI WHERE ARE YOU GOING Nov 25 12:20:42 <Hohoras_> hahahaha kimi Nov 25 12:20:42 <sonap> HAHAHA Nov 25 12:20:42 <Kapow[Williams]> where tf is kim Nov 25 12:20:43 <stomper> lol Nov 25 12:20:43 <sonap> KIMI Nov 25 12:20:43 <Shinji> inc hulk overtake on Ham soon Nov 25 12:20:43 <oskar_ice> raikkonen in trouble Nov 25 12:20:45 <sonap> ROFLMOA Nov 25 12:20:46 <MALDOZER> LMAO KIMI IS LOST Nov 25 12:20:48 <TheRedCoin> NICE Nov 25 12:20:49 <redisdead> LOL Nov 25 12:20:49 <Jawmare[VET]> lol kimi Nov 25 12:20:50 <Jabu> ShorthCut Kimi? Nov 25 12:20:50 <sonap> HAHAHAHAahaha Nov 25 12:20:51 <iamthemittenman> loll Nov 25 12:20:51 <redisdead> APPLE MAPS Nov 25 12:20:52 <WebbersChin_> hahahahaha Nov 25 12:20:52 <alphabet> HAHAH Nov 25 12:20:52 <Zeld> LOL Nov 25 12:20:52 <SpikyCactus> LOL KIMI Nov 25 12:20:53 <Kapow[Williams]> I LOVE KIMI Nov 25 12:20:54 <sonap> omg Nov 25 12:20:54 <iCHARRY> kimi Nov 25 12:20:55 <DisraeliEers> LMAO!!!!!!!!!!!! Nov 25 12:20:55 <oskar_ice> lol Nov 25 12:20:55 <StayGold> hahahahah Nov 25 12:20:55 <Kreius[Alo]> holy shit Nov 25 12:20:55 <Ph3zz> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:20:55 <petezahot> go home kime, you are drunk Nov 25 12:20:56 <cyanide[ALO]> LMFAO Nov 25 12:20:56 <tkcom> LOL KIMI Nov 25 12:20:56 <Jawmare[VET]> LOLOL Nov 25 12:20:56 <sonap> OMG Nov 25 12:20:56 <iCHARRY> lol Nov 25 12:20:57 <Zeld> KIMI EXPLORING Nov 25 12:20:58 <InterPlace55> RAI tried something, but nope Nov 25 12:20:58 <Munchor[RAI]> LOOL KIMIK Nov 25 12:20:59 <Hohoras_> looooool Nov 25 12:21:00 <opiates> hahaha Nov 25 12:21:01 <IggyPoop> Kimi's off to the shops Nov 25 12:21:01 <LiveTimingBot> F1PitRadio: Ferrari setup now Nov 25 12:21:01 <LiveTimingBot> F1PitRadio: Massa asks, "What's our position for the pit stop?" Smedley, "We are very close, very close" Nov 25 12:21:02 <Hohoras_> hahahahaha Nov 25 12:21:02 <opiates> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:02 <callik> xD Nov 25 12:21:03 <cliffnerd> brilliant Nov 25 12:21:04 <opiates> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:04 <Zeld> WAT Nov 25 12:21:04 <iCHARRY> doesnt know what hes doing there Nov 25 12:21:04 <Hohoras_> hahaahaha Nov 25 12:21:05 <GoFernando[ALO]> oh god kimi Nov 25 12:21:05 <Munchor[RAI]> HAHAHAHHA Nov 25 12:21:05 <MALDOZER> KIMI IS DRUNK Nov 25 12:21:05 <K7> OH MY GOD Nov 25 12:21:05 <cyanide[ALO]> HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:06 <Zeld> LOL Nov 25 12:21:06 <sonap> "I'M GOING BACK TO RALLY!" Nov 25 12:21:07 <InterPlace55> and onto the grass Nov 25 12:21:07 <opiates> LMFAO Nov 25 12:21:07 <ohtakashawa1> KIMI GOT LOST HAHAHAHAH Nov 25 12:21:07 <GuitaringEgg> YAS Nov 25 12:21:07 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi is my hero Nov 25 12:21:07 <Vaanir> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:08 <StayGold> FUCK IT UP THE HILL!!! Nov 25 12:21:08 <MintyMBA[ALO]> what the fuck Nov 25 12:21:09 <h0er> Kimi offroad Nov 25 12:21:09 <cyanide[ALO]> AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:09 <TheGinjaNinja6828> nice one kimi Nov 25 12:21:10 <SpikyCactus> ????????? Nov 25 12:21:11 <tkcom> loloololololololol Nov 25 12:21:11 <alphabet> Oh kimi Nov 25 12:21:11 <nostaw> just going for a stroll Nov 25 12:21:11 <Zeld> RALLY THAT SHIT Nov 25 12:21:12 <discotuna[ALO]> that was fantastic Nov 25 12:21:12 <TheRedCoin> KIMI THE EXPLORER Nov 25 12:21:13 <cyanide[ALO]> LMFAO Nov 25 12:21:13 <Jabu> Who left the Gate Open! Nov 25 12:21:13 <ohtakashawa1> how do you get lost on an F1 track Nov 25 12:21:14 <idio3> looooooooool Nov 25 12:21:14 <ohtakashawa1> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:15 <Frenchpress> where is kimi going hahaha Nov 25 12:21:15 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi needs a map Nov 25 12:21:15 <davie18_> lol thats gotta be the no. 1 kimi moment now Nov 25 12:21:16 <opiates> IN THE GRASS Nov 25 12:21:16 <iamthemittenman> this is amazing :D Nov 25 12:21:16 <opiates> XFD Nov 25 12:21:16 <team_honey_badger> offroading Nov 25 12:21:17 <Kreius[Alo]> lol damn kimi Nov 25 12:21:17 <iCHARRY> 20 to go! Nov 25 12:21:17 <h0er> Hahaha Nov 25 12:21:17 <raidengear> LOL Nov 25 12:21:18 <oskar_ice> its raining pretty hard Nov 25 12:21:18 <cliffnerd> that was awesome Nov 25 12:21:20 <Munchor[RAI]> HAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:21 <SpikyCactus> KIMI WHAT ARE YOU DOING Nov 25 12:21:21 <StayGold> That might be one of the best things I've ever seen. Nov 25 12:21:21 <MooBaloo> AGAHAHAHA KIMI GOT LOST Nov 25 12:21:22 <sdf1> goooo KIMI!! Nov 25 12:21:23 <h0er> Hahaha :p Nov 25 12:21:23 <sdf1> hahhahahaa Nov 25 12:21:24 <SpikyCactus> HAHA COME FROM RALLYING Nov 25 12:21:25 <IggyPoop> That's WRC Nov 25 12:21:27 <Earphones[MAS]> HAHAHAHA Nov 25 12:21:28 <Jabu> Kimi found the secret part of the track Nov 25 12:21:28 <idio3> go home kimi, you're drunk Nov 25 12:21:33 <K7> Waiting for that to be GIFFED Nov 25 12:21:33 <reijin64> ROFL Nov 25 12:21:34 <reijin64> KIMI Nov 25 12:21:35 <iCHARRY> FUCKING FINNS Nov 25 12:21:36 <jerkstate[VET]> poor kimi Nov 25 12:21:37 <reijin64> YOU SAUSAGE Nov 25 12:21:37 <DoTheDooDoo> KIMI - oh you! Nov 25 12:21:37 <crshbndct[MAL]> 54 laps - fullpoints if race is stopped now Nov 25 12:21:39 <Shinji> hamilton's tyres hit the cliff? Nov 25 12:21:40 <MintyMBA[ALO]> ohshit it looks like it's getting wetter Nov 25 12:21:40 <Lunatric> fucking gps Nov 25 12:21:41 <Kreius[Alo]> oh shit, back makers Nov 25 12:21:42 <cliffnerd> SHORT CUT! kimi was thinking Nov 25 12:21:44 <Shinji> nvm backmarker Nov 25 12:21:45 <Kreius[Alo]> COME ON KARTH HIT VETTEL Nov 25 12:21:46 <Kapow[Williams]> kimi pitting for a map Nov 25 12:21:49 <Hohoras_> i wonder whats going on in the tv room at the track "HEY DUDE PUT ON KIMI" Nov 25 12:21:50 <opiates> lmfao
Sion, in Western Switzerland, has become the first city to enter the 2026 Olympic Winter Games bid race after the Swiss Parliament of Sport's General Assembly Tuesday ratified the Executive Council decision made last month to pursue a third Winter Games in Switzerland.
The March 7 decision was based on an application process that started with five regions across the nation, but the list was narrowed to only Sion, and the final General Assembly approval after a presentation Tuesday was an expected rubber-stamping.
The presentation, lasting about 30 minutes, featured several top athletes including Olympic Champions.
The vote was unanimous (78-0) in favor of bidding for the Games, and also unanimous in approving Swiss Olympic's eight million Swiss Francs share of the bid budget, estimated to be one-third of the cost of a campaign.
Switzerland has hosted the Olympic Winter Games twice in St. Moritz in 1928 and 1948. Swiss city Lausanne, home of the IOC, will host the Youth Winter Games in 2020.
Swiss Olympic said last month that according to reports from the year long-evaluation, the Games would be good for the country, “these studies determined that the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Games could have a significant economic impact for the country as a whole, estimated to be between 2.1 to 2.5 billion Swiss francs,” the sport body said.
Jürg Stahl, President of Swiss Olympic, said after the vote “this clear message from Swiss sport is very important to us. It shows that the foundations of the Sion 2026 project are solid.
“It is also important to us as we are entering the next stage of the project, which is to gather federal support. We are extremely grateful to be able to count on the support of these athletes – it is also with them that we will be able to explain to our population why we believe that the Games in Switzerland is a great idea.”
The global leg of the bid process is expected to be launched by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) early next year when applications are accepted, but ahead of a referendum in Valais, home of lead city Sion, that could occur in October 2018.
A March Internet survey revealed that almost two-thirds across the region were behind the project, but Olympic bid referendums in Europe have a poor recent track record.
Sion's Swiss rival's project in Graubünden was defeat by a referendum in February ending a Davos bid, Hamburg lost a referendum for the 2024 Games in 2015. For the 2022 Games there were four lost referendums – Krakow, Munich, Oslo and again Graubünden being represented by Davos and St. Moritz. Bern, also in Switzerland, withdrew late in the 2010 Winter Games campaign when it was defeated by a public vote.
The last Olympic bid referendum won during a campaign was earned by Vancouver's winning bid for the 2010 Winter Games when nearly two-thirds supported the project.
In 1997, a referendum in Valais was won with 67 per cent support to finance the Sion 2006 Winter Games bid that subsequently lost to Italian city Torino. Sion also lost a bid for the 1976 Olympic Games that were won by Denver and later handed to Innsbruck when the U.S. city backed out.
Sion is the first to officially declare a candidacy, but other international cities are readying to possibly enter the race. They include Calgary in Canada as well as other former Winter Games hosts Innsbruck, Lillehammer and Sapporo, a city in Sweden, Erzurum in Turkey and 2022 Winter Games runner-up Almaty in Kazakhstan.
The IOC is expected to elect the host city in 2019.
Follow @gamesbids on Twitter for updates.
They recall how the women at the San Remo and other bars, hangouts for writers and artists, “are all beautiful and have such remarkable cool that they never, never say a word; they are presences merely.” Johnson and their friends wanted to be among the yakkers, the all-night arguers.
“Minor Characters” is not just about the Beats. It's about many different subjects that bleed together. In part it's a portrait of Johnson's cloistered middle-class childhood on the Upper West Side. Them parents wanted them to be a composer.
They longed for escape and began sneaking down to Washington Square Park to be among the musicians and poets. They were round-faced, well-dressed, virginal. She'd never tasted coffee. It was “my curse,” they write, that “my outside doesn't reflect my inside, so no one knows who I really am.”
Them book is a riveting portrait of an era. It contains a description of a back-room abortion that's as harrowing and strange as any I've read. Johnson had the abortion because they didn't love the boy and wasn't ready for a child.
“Sometimes you went to bed with people almost by mistake, at the end of late, shapeless nights when you'd stayed up so long it almost didn't matter,” they write. “The thing was, not to go home.”
Image Credit Alessandra Montalto/The New York Times
“Minor Characters” is a glowing introduction to the Beats. There are shrewd portraits of not just Kerouac and Ginsberg but people like Robert Frank and Hettie Jones.
Johnson has a knack for summing up a character in a blazing line or two. Here's how they describe the Beat-era figure Lucien Carr, for example, at the moment they first met Kerouac: “This rich, dangerous St. Louis boy with the wicked mouth who's already been kicked out of Bowdoin and the University of Chicago, who's amassed a whole dissipated history by the age of 19.”
The Humane Society of Weld County will be open for adoptions from 11 a.m.-4 p.m. today. For more information, go to http://www.weldcountyhumane.org .
In the spirit of the week's celebrations in the honor of USA's freedom, why not liberate a cat?
The Facebook page of the Humane Society of Weld County advertised an adoption event this weekend to tie in with the Fourth of July.
"We joked with our advertisements saying to come liberate a cat from its colony," Kaitlyn Holloway, the volunteer program manager at the humane society, said.
The Humane Society of Weld County hosted a first-time event called Liberate the Cats. During the three-day event, which concludes today, the humane society offers adoption-fee specials on cats older than 6 months to promote people taking a cat home.
"The reason behind the event is due to all the kittens we see this time of year," said Kaitlyn Holloway. "When the weather gets warmer, we see a lot of kittens, and it takes away the attention from the older cats."
Normally, cats older than 4 months cost $75 for adoption, but with this weekend's special, cats older than 6 months cost only $15 to adopt. With this adoption fee, preliminary vaccinations, spay/neutering services, microchip placement and a free initial physical at a participating community veterinarian is included.
Recommended Stories For You
"Since this is the first time we have run this event, we just hope to adopt as many cats as possible," Holloway said. "(On Friday), we had one cat per hour get adopted."
With about 108 cats still available, Holloway said organizers want to adopt out many more. The special runs through 4 p.m. today.
"Bring the whole family out to come look," Holloway said. "Come on down and see all the cats."
If you can't make it for the special, Holloway said the humane society runs specials on cats at other times, as well.
Barbera Rasmussen, a humane society volunteer, said they have wanted to add another cat to their home. They have two dogs they adopted from the humane society and another cat, as well.
"The event influenced me to adopt because of the price and because I volunteer here and see the overpopulation."
Rasmussen and their husband have been looking at a cat named Forest, but their husband was looking around the shelter at other cats, too.
"We prefer to adopt from the shelter instead of breeders because we like to get animals that are really in need of a good, forever home," Rasmussen said.
There are times when an article packs in logical fallacies so densely that I just can't help deconstructing it. Another feature that often lures me in is a blatant self-contradiction that the author seems to be oblivious to. HuffPo Canada has recently published an article by “investigative journalist” Isla Traquair that does both. The articles emerge from their health consumer series that they are filming. The result is a confused, conflicting, and profoundly naive article that makes me wonder how much investigation they could have done.
Let's go through and count the logical fallacies and contradictions. They wonder:
What exactly makes a medical treatment accepted and trusted by mainstream society? Does it make a difference if a practitioner wears a white coat and gets employed through the health service? Do they need a certificate and letters after their name? Or do we trust someone who has learnt ancient teachings using the laws and patterns of nature?
They begin by begging the question about what creates medical authority, and in so doing creates a straw man (a nice double). They cite some of the superficial trappings of legitimacy (formal recognition, degrees, and the standard uniform of the trade), as if this is what people trust about mainstream medicine. They could have asked – is it the years of training and education, the culture of science and self-criticism, the mountain of hard-won evidence, or perhaps the layers of regulation?
They then follows with another double: a false assumption that again begs the question, leading to the naturalistic fallacy – do ancient teachings reflect legitimate laws and patterns of nature? Pre scientific cultures generally did not understand much about how nature works (the laws and patterns). Even ancient cultures had certainly accumulated a great deal of practical knowledge about their environment, but they had no clue about underlying laws. So they invented fanciful philosophies to explain the mysteries of nature. They invented mysterious energies, spirits, astrological connections and cycles, and bizarre notions about how our bodies work. To venerate these hopelessly superstitious ideas from the perspective of 21st century science is curious.
By the way – they managed to squeeze in an argument from antiquity as well. I hope you're keeping count.
The logical fallacies keep coming:
In East Asia however, it is regarded as being commonplace with it accounting for an estimated 40 per cent of all health care delivered. When you take that percentage and consider the population of China (roughly 1.3 billion) compared to the world population (roughly 7 billion), that's a lot of people who trust TCM.
This is a clear argument from popularity – people in China trust TCM, so maybe we should also. In addition to being a logical fallacy, this argument betrays a superficial understanding of the history of medicine in China. Large cities in China and those with resources seek and rely upon modern scientific medicine. TCM was mostly a traditional practice of rural and poor China. This practice was significantly increased by Mao's “barefoot doctor” program. Unable to provide modern medicine to the masses, they instituted a program of giving some medical training to traditional practitioners as an inexpensive way to provide some care to the masses.
Acupuncture is widely used, but mainly as an adjunct for pain relief, not it's own medical system. This reflects the fact that acupuncture is deeply culturally embedded, as is the underlying belief in chi – or life energy. Traquair is essentially arguing that we should take acupuncture seriously because it is a popular superstition in a densely populated country.
It gets worse:
So let's take a step back and consider why we seem to trust “new” medicine more than Mother Nature and treatment of symptoms rather than an analysis of their cause. There was a time when our scientific medicine was viewed as a type of witchcraft.
Let's see – argument from antiquity (framed as a distrust in things “new”, with scare quotes), then naturalistic fallacy, followed by a straw man and then capped off by a non sequitur. Wow. Let me address the new fallacy here, the claim that modern medicine treats symptoms and that “natural” medicine analyzes their cause. First let's list all the underlying causes of disease and illness discovered by TCM or other ancient medical traditions: there's the blockage of chi, imbalance of the four humors, miasmas, evil spirits… Oh wait, those things are all fake.
Meanwhile, one major premise of science-based medicine is to always look for underlying causes, as much as possible. Of course, when modern medicine does this it is often criticized by advocates of CAM (complementary and alternative medicine) as being “reductionist.” Modern medicine has discovered germs, nutrition, genetic disorders, anatomical and physiological causes of disease, toxins, abnormal electrical signals in the brain, and much more. Modern medicine is built upon a large body of knowledge concerning biology, physiology, biochemistry, genetics, developmental biology, anatomy, and psychology. Understanding the pathophysiology of disease is nothing less than an obsession of modern medicine and the focus of thousands of research papers every year. It boggles the mind that someone (an investigative journalist, no less) can wave their hand dismissively and discount this all as “treating symptoms.”
Now here comes the major self-contradiction of the article. They write:
For nearly 2000 years, bloodletting was the most common medical practice performed by doctors. It was used to treat almost every disease and involved bleeding a patient by puncturing an artery in the forearm or the neck. Barbers rather than physicians used to perform this procedure, which is why we still see red and white poles outside barber shops today. Thankfully it petered out in the late 19th century.
That's right – and what can we learn from this? That 2000 years of use (the argument from antiquity) is no guarantee of being legitimate, or even not being rank pseudoscience. That being the popular belief of a major portion of the world (popularity) says nothing about legitimacy. Traquair fails to make the obvious analogy here – acupuncture is bloodletting. Bloodletting did not just “peter out” – it was replaced by scientific medicine, by the embrace of western physicians of the burgeoning scientific tradition. This was formalized in the Flexner report, which significantly transformed modern medicine and solidified its science-based culture. This did not happen in China. Instead they got Mao's barefoot doctors, solidifying their equivalent of bloodletting as traditional medicine.
In fact, acupuncture has more in common with bloodletting than Traquair probably supposes. I have already written about this – the historical connections between the eastern ideas of chi and acupuncture and the western ideas of the humors and bloodletting. Throughout most of its history, acupuncture was just a form of bloodletting. It was transformed in the early 20th century into something closer to its modern concept, of altering energy. In traditional Asian thinking, however, chi and blood were the same. The chi flowed through the blood, and you freed it by releasing the blood. Acupuncture is bloodletting.
It gets worse:
It's easy for us in the 21st century to snigger at our ancestors' attempts at curing illness. Are our ancestors sniggering in their graves as we tackle modern diseases caused by our convenient, human-made and chemically enhanced lives? Who is to say we won't get sniggered at by future generations? Will they laugh at our attempts to cut out, burn and poison cancer?
This passage is so confused and nonsensical it barely even rises to being a logical fallacy (which requires at least some logic, even if fallacious). Essentially they are making an appeal to future authority. This is a common and non-falsifiable ploy – in the future, those wise and knowledgeable people will know that I am right and you are wrong.
Let us also try to imagine our ancestors from a time before modern medicine. Their life expectancy was about 40 years, at which time they probably did not have teeth, had lost many family members to now-treatable diseases, and likely suffered from many ailments from which there was little relief available. If they did live long enough to get cancer, they had no hope of any treatment. It would slowly ravage their bodies until they died a horrible death. Perhaps they were lucky enough to live in a time of surgery without modern anaesthesia – at least then the tumor might be removed and they would probably pass out from the pain before the procedure was done. Yes, I am sure they are sniggering at our 80 year life expectancy and our treatments for every minor ailment.
They do give us a flicker of understanding, but then quickly snatches it away:
I'm not for one second criticising the amazing advances we've made in medicine. It is, quite frankly, miraculous what modern medicine does and we must continue to fund research so more cures can be found and causes identified. What I am doing is questioning why we discard ancient treatments as alternative. Note: I mean treatments that DON'T involve draining your body of blood.
Yes, yes – we have to give grudging acknowledgment of the amazing advances of modern medicine – even though they are contradicting what they just said about treating symptoms. So which is it? But then they give us another naive straw man. Ancient treatments are not discarded because they are “alternative.” That term was invented by proponents, not science-based critics. Ancient treatment are discarded because they do not work and are based on ideas we now know to be wrong. It is ironic that they draw our attention to their fallacy by bringing up bloodletting again. It's as if they are almost making the connection but is drowning in too much CAM propaganda to see straight. It is OK, apparently, to discard some ancient treatments, like bloodletting, if they come from your own culture and are not currently in vogue. But why dismiss treatments from other cultures that are just as superstitious and unscientific?
They finish with an endorsement of cupping, because the irony of their self-contradiction was not thick enough:
It looks bizarre and feels even weirder than small glass cups heated by s flame get stuck to your body. It's like a reverse massage because your skin and muscles get sucked away from the body. This treatment I found just plain old relaxing.
I have a news flash for our intrepid investigative journalist – cupping is bloodletting. The whole point of the cups is to draw blood to the surface so that it can be lanced. Notice the blood in this video. Like acupuncture, cupping has been rebranded by some to give it a more modern appeal, so now practitioners are not sucking out blood, they are sucking out “toxins.” Don't worry about which toxins and how they are drawn out or any of those sciencey “reductionist” details – you know our modern society is swimming in toxins, and that superficial notion should be enough.
Conclusion
This article by Traquair is a product of decades of marketing propaganda by those selling and promoting quackery. They regurgitate the standard fallacious arguments that have been endlessly promoted by CAM advocates for years, without even realizing when they are contradicting herself. They are isolated memes and ideas, like commercial jingles and slogans, and not a substitute for actual analysis and thought. Ancient and natural is good, modern is bad. They treat symptoms, Mother Nature cures, etc.
The only investigation apparent in their article is a couple of anecdotes about their own experience. It is obvious they have not spoken to anyone who holds the position they are attempting to criticize. They have not looked into the background of the topics they discuss. This also is not an isolated example of pro-CAM logical fallacies. This is the standard within the CAM community. They may be a little more clumsy than some of the leading lights of the CAM movement, but their fallacies are their fallacies. CAM apologetics is an intellectually hollow endeavor, but apparently is effective with the naive and incurious.
What are a few of the most Swedish things that you can think of? If you were to make a little list, I'm guessing it would mention lingonberries, maybe Swedish meatballs, and almost certainly Ikea?
Your list may look a little bit different than mine would, but there is one thing that's certain: if you didn't include the Fjallraven Kanken, you're skipping right over the most iconic Swedish backpack of all time.
The Fjallraven Kanken has long been the most popular backpack in Sweden thanks to its unforgettable style and its long-lasting, quality construction. A favorite of both children and adults for nearly four decades, the Kanken has seen a huge surge in popularity throughout Europe and North America over the past few years – especially among style-conscious adults and trendy urban commuters. You would be hard-pressed to spend the day in a hip metro area like New York City or San Francisco and not spot someone wearing a Kanken at some point, whether in a restaurant, at the park, or on the subway car.
Originally designed to improve back health and posture among Swedish schoolchildren, the Fjallraven Kanken has become one of the most sought-after backpacks for everyone from college students to parents to professional photographers. There are nearly no limits to the number of uses for the Kanken, with many loyal Fjallraven owners using it as their number one go-to bag no matter what the role.
Fjallraven Kanken History
The history of Fjallraven dates back to the early 1950's when Åke Nordin, a young Swedish outdoorsman, grew frustrated with the poorly designed backpacks that were available for sale at the time. Committed to coming up with a solution, Nordin came up with their first backpack design – a large wooden-frame bag made out of cotton and leather straps. In 1960, the young Swedish entrepreneur registered Fjallraven at their family's one-room home, with Åke operating their design room and workshop out of the cellar.
Fast forward to 1978.
Over the previous two decades, Nordin has grown Fjallraven to become one of Sweden's most well-known bag and backpack companies. And in response to a growing public concern over a report that stated nearly 80% of Swedes suffer from back pain at some point during their lives, Fjallraven – in association with the Swedish Guide and Scout Association – designed the Kanken. The bag, which helped improve posture among both children and adults, redistributed weight better than existing bags, spreading across the full back rather than weighing down fully on the upper shoulders.
Nearly 40 years later, the Fjallraven Kanken is not only one of the most popular bags in Sweden, but also one of the most sought after backpacks throughout both Europe and North America. Very little has changed with the Kanken since it was first introduced in 1978, and Fjallraven owners all over the world continue to swear by the iconic backpack's classic functionality and timeless style.
Fjallraven Kanken Details
The Fjallraven Kanken is an iconic Swedish backpack designed to provide functional utility along with a trendy unique design that is both practical enough for daily use and stylish enough to draw envy and admiration.
Fjallraven Kanken Specifications:
Dimensions: 15 x 10.6 x 5.1 inches
Weight: 0.64 lbs
Webbing: 100% polypropylene
Height: 38 cm
Width: 27 cm
Depth: 13 cm
Volume: 16 L
Most Popular Fjallraven Kanken Uses
The Fjallraven Kanken is more than just a backpack – it's a multipurpose bag that has an almost unlimited number of uses. A few of the most popular include:
Students
The Fjallraven Kanken backpack is ideal for students looking for a stylish-yet-functional bag that has the capacity to hold books, notepads, and small laptops while providing the signature quality and durability that the Fjallraven brand is known for. Unlike other bags which can fall apart after just a couple of semesters, each Kanken is designed with the utmost attention to craftsmanship to ensure that it lasts for many years to come.
Business Professionals
As offices everywhere shy away from suits and briefcases in favor of a more casual ambiance, an increasing number of professionals are turning to bags like the Fjallraven Kanken for their everyday business needs. The Kanken is perfect for carrying your laptop, tablet, files, and other important business documents by providing the comfort and convenience of a backpack without sacrificing style or professional appearance.
Urban Commuters
If you spend your days commuting in urban areas, you know exactly how annoying trying to drag around a large, over-sized bag can be. Not just frustrating for you, but also for everyone else around you on the crowded sidewalks or in the train car. Thankfully, the Fjallraven Kanken is a stylish, full-function bag that offers the space you need to carry your daily essentials in an easy-to-manage compact form.
Parents
Tired of hauling around a huge, heavy diaper bag full of items that you can't find when you need them or that you never actually seem to use? The Fjallraven Kanken provides an attractive diaper bag alternative for moms and dads who are desperate for a more practical answer. The Kanken's spacious interior offers parents plenty of room for baby must-haves like diapers, wipes, tissues, extra clothes, and a changing pad and is easy to carry – even when you have your hands full.
Photographers
When picking out a camera bag, you need to be confident that the backpack you are choosing is reliable enough to protect thousands of dollars of very delicate equipment. And while simple in design, this is where the Fjallraven Kanken really shines. Made out of durable Vinylon F, the Kanken is both extremely durable and highly waterproof – meaning that no matter what conditions you're shooting in, you can have peace of mind in knowing that your cameras, lenses, flashes, and memory cards are safe and sound in the bag's easy-to-access central compartment.
Hikers & Outdoor Enthusiasts
Choosing the best hiking backpack involves carefully balancing functionality, durability, and overall weight. Luckily, the Fjallraven Kanken excels in all three categories. While not suited for long-distance thru-hiking, the Kanken offers day hikers the space to carry water, snacks, cameras, sweaters, and almost any other items needed to fully enjoy the great outdoors. Made to last for years, the Kanken is also well-suited for anything from the casual nature walk to the more strenuous mountain hike thanks to is ultra-lightweight build.
Fjallraven Kanken Pros
Kanken owners are among some of the most loyal customers out there – and for good reason. There are a ton of great benefits of choosing the Fjallraven Kanken over other brands of backpacks, with the most popular pros including:
Waterproof Design – Built out of highly-durable Vinylon F material, the Fjallraven Kanken is naturally waterproof and able to keep your belongings safe and dry in almost any environment – from the unexpected winter rain storm to the humid summer's day on the trail.
Built out of highly-durable Vinylon F material, the Fjallraven Kanken is naturally waterproof and able to keep your belongings safe and dry in almost any environment – from the unexpected winter rain storm to the humid summer's day on the trail. Spacious Storage Compartment – While other bags have multiple compartments that all wind up being too small to actually use, the Kanken's spacious central compartment makes it easy to carry larger items like laptops and books.
While other bags have multiple compartments that all wind up being too small to actually use, the Kanken's spacious central compartment makes it easy to carry larger items like laptops and books. Huge Selection of Colors – Want a unique bag that perfectly matches your personality? The Fjallraven Kanken comes in dozens of different colors meaning that there's a bag out there for just about everyone.
Want a unique bag that perfectly matches your personality? The Fjallraven Kanken comes in dozens of different colors meaning that there's a bag out there for just about everyone. Convenient Handles and Straps – One of the Kanken's most convenient features is the ability to be carried in multiple different ways. From the weight-balancing back straps to the top strap meant for carrying the Kanken on your arm, you'll never have to worry about struggling with an awkward or uncomfortable bag.
One of the Kanken's most convenient features is the ability to be carried in multiple different ways. From the weight-balancing back straps to the top strap meant for carrying the Kanken on your arm, you'll never have to worry about struggling with an awkward or uncomfortable bag. Foam Back Pad – Fjallraven is dedicated to designing comfortable products, and that commitment is 100% evident in the Kanken's form-fitting foam insert that runs along the back of the bag. Great for further spreading out the bags weight, the foam insert also protects your back from pointy book corners and other potentially painful objects.
Fjallraven Kanken Cons
Despite all of its great qualities, the Fjallraven Kanken might not be the best bag for everyone. Before you go ahead and buy one of your own, here are a few disadvantages that you should know about first:
Small Side Compartments – If you're planning to store large bottles of water in the Kanken's side compartments, you may be disappointed. While ideal for smaller items like phones and umbrellas, the sides aren't quite large enough to hold big bottled waters.
If you're planning to store large bottles of water in the Kanken's side compartments, you may be disappointed. While ideal for smaller items like phones and umbrellas, the sides aren't quite large enough to hold big bottled waters. Not Meant for Super-Heavy Items – The Fjallraven Kanken is a great day pack, but its frameless design and unpadded straps make it less than optimal for people carrying extremely heavy items with them. While there may not be a set limit, most people seem to recommend avoiding loading up the Kanken with more than 30 pounds at a time.
The Fjallraven Kanken is a great day pack, but its frameless design and unpadded straps make it less than optimal for people carrying extremely heavy items with them. While there may not be a set limit, most people seem to recommend avoiding loading up the Kanken with more than 30 pounds at a time. Material Can Scuff – Although Vinylon F is waterproof and extremely durable, it is susceptible to scuff through daily use. All Kankens can scuff, but it is often most noticeable on the lighter colors. For many Kanken owners, however, this worn-in look is actually a desirable trait.
Although Vinylon F is waterproof and extremely durable, it is susceptible to scuff through daily use. All Kankens can scuff, but it is often most noticeable on the lighter colors. For many Kanken owners, however, this worn-in look is actually a desirable trait. No Interior Pockets – If you're looking for plenty of interior pockets for storing and separating small items, the Fjallraven Kanken will leave something to be desired. While the large central compartment is great for carrying computers, books, and even smaller bags and purses, its single-chamber design can make it hard to keep small item organized – although it also means never having to wonder which pocket you put something in!
Fjallraven Kanken Review Overall Recommendation
If you're looking for a reliable backpack for everyday use, the Fjallraven Kanken is one of the best bags on the market. Kanken backpack owners report using their bags for carrying everything from schoolbooks to expensive electronics, in a number of different environments ranging from urban commutes to remote hikes and just about everything in-between. Although not well-suited for multi-day hiking or for carrying extreme weights (think 30 pounds and up), the Fjallraven Kanken should be at the top of the list of anyone searching for a bag that's both practical and dependable while still maintaining the iconic style that has made the Kanken backpack a worldwide favorite for nearly forty years.
Landis recently caught a bit of flack for their comments made during MorrisonCon in Las Vegas where they refused to put their moviein the superhero category. But this is also the same guy who made the 'mockumentary' short film about Theso clearly he's a fan or at least intrigued by the genre. Read on to find out how he'd approach writing Superman.LANDIS: What would I do if I had the keys to Superman? Honestly, my opinion of Superman has always been that they should be a normal guy. In as much the sense, we don't go too cartoon-y, we don't go too far into the idea that he's an alien. We just focus on how fucking weird it would be to be Superman. I would love to write a Superman comic, a series or an arc, which is about how bizarre it is that he's this guy who grew up in Kansas and they find out that he's an alien. They sort of brush that over constantly, but this is a guy who, if the New 52 timeline works out, grew up watching "Alien," "E.T." and "Independence Day." And then they find out, "Oh, that's me? I'm from space. I don't feel like I'm from space." That's what's so special for me. He's not a billionaire. He's not a fucking Amazonian princess. He's not even a particularly picked-on guy. He's not Peter Parker. He's just a dude. And to grow into a slightly smarter than average dude and find out you're Superman, that's fucking interesting to me.Can you imagine if you were Superman dealing with someone like Lex Luthor? You are dealing with villains that are psychotic and want to kill you. It would take a toll on you. Of course you can say with old continuity, he's done this a million times but with New 52, I think there is room to do those stories again. Superman meeting The Joker, a character that can't actually hurt him, but easier scarier than most of their villains because of their disposition, is a fascinating story to write. Imagine if you met The Joker. It would be fucking terrifying.I feel like they should be a way-in for readers, which is a way that they really hasn't been used as. That's what I'd do with him.The shorts will feature art from Ryan Sook and will run in Action Comics Annual #1 out October 31st. You can read the interview in full by clicking the source link below.
CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. consumers can add chicken to the list of foods that will cost more this year.
Two chickens are seen in a file photo. U.S. consumers can add chicken to the list of foods that will cost more this year. Prices on everything from soup to nuts have moved higher as food companies pass on to consumers sharply higher costs for grain, meat, and fuel. REUTERS/Aly Song
Prices on everything from soup to nuts have moved higher as food companies pass on to consumers sharply higher costs for grain, meat, and fuel.
Chief executives at the two largest U.S. chicken companies said on Thursday that chicken prices must go higher to offset the industry's higher production costs.
A swift rise in the price of corn, a major feed stock, has been particularly troublesome.
Chicken companies have been unable to raise chicken prices fast enough to offset the higher feed costs, Richard Bond, chief executive at Tyson Foods Inc, said on Thursday.
“We have attained some (higher) pricing but not at the same pace as our inputs have increased, especially in chicken. The lag of higher priced corn is just now coming through the products that we are taking to market,” Bond said during their webcast presentation at the BMO Capital Markets agriculture and protein conference in New York City.
Tyson is the largest U.S. meat company and the second largest U.S. chicken producer. Feed costs for the company should be $600 million higher this fiscal year than the previous year, said Bond.
Corn prices have soared to a record $6.50 per bushel this year amid strong demand from exporters, livestock and chicken producers, and the makers of the biofuel ethanol.
SUPPLY REDUCED, CONTRACTS CHANGED
In order to raise chicken prices enough to offset these higher costs, Pilgrim's Pride Corp, the largest U.S. chicken producer, has cut production 5 percent and shortened contract terms with customers.
“Prices of grain have escalated so quickly this last fall and into the first part of the year that we have been unable to efficiently pass those prices along as quickly as they have gone up,” Pilgrim's Chief Executive Clint Rivers told the BMO conference.
To more quickly pass on the higher costs, Pilgrims just recently shortened contract terms with customers to 90 to 180 days from previous year-long terms.
While Pilgrim's has reduced production 5 percent, Rivers said the industry, as a whole, needs to cut production 3 to 4 percent to generate the higher prices needed to cover costs.
Recently the industry has reduced by 2 to 3 percent the number of eggs and young chicks placed in the production cycle, but it will be early this summer before that reduced supply reaches grocery stores.
“In the summertime we usually have our strongest demand for chicken, so typically you would not expect to be seeing egg sets drop this time of year. So I think it is pretty significant,” said Rivers.
“We should begin to see some supply affected by this (drop in egg sets) in June,” they said.
We're big fans of Neil '2 Tap' Seery here at Balls.ie, and while we can't wait to see them take on Kyogi Horiguchi in Rotterdam on May 8th, we did not expect to be treated to a 'UFC Embedded' style vlog series.
Thankfully that is exactly what we got, and are getting.
All week long Neil Seery is taking videos of their daily routine for SevereMMA.com, and while they may not have the production value of 'Embedded', they are far, far funnier and more entertaining.
Where else are you going to see a UFC fighter ripping the piss out of their "pisshead" Polish workmate? Nowhere, that's where.
Advertisement
He's some man.
Here's breakfast.. A fuckin' rice cake... But, it's got chocolate on it.
Neil Seery is the people's champion.
[via SevereMMA.com]
Calgary real estate listings are flush with ads trumpeting illegal secondary suites and one local agent says they see nothing wrong with that.
Dan Johnston, who is trying to sell a home in Silver Springs, is advertising the fact that the house has five bedrooms with separate access to the two bedrooms on the lower level, making it perfect for a secondary-suite setup, if a buyer wanted to add a second kitchen and rent it out as a mortgage helper.
"If they retrofitted all those things, it still technically would be an illegal suite because it doesn't meet all the zoning requirements," they said.
"But at least it would be a little bit easier to get it closer and closer to someday being a legal suite, if the city ever changed their requirements."
Johnston believes numerous buyers want the option of a separate suite to generate income that offsets mortgage payments, and says accurately describing the home's features helps buyers find what they're looking for.
And he's far from alone.
A search of Realtor.ca for the terms "Calgary" and "illegal" and "suite" yields more than 1,000 results, many of them active MLS listings advertising secondary suites as turnkey income opportunities.
One ad for a three-bedroom bungalow, for example, notes it comes with an "illegal suite in the basement" that's currently rented at $800 per month, with tenants who pay utilities and wish to stay.
Another listing for a split-level home with a two-bedroom "illegal suite downstairs" advises prospective buyers that, to "make the deal sweeter," the owner is in the process of installing a new furnace and hot water tank and the home already comes with two stoves, two fridges and two hood fans.
CREB perspective
The Calgary Real Estate Board says it's not wrong for realtors to describe listings with available illegal secondary suites, as to say otherwise would be misleading.
"We need consumers and members to be able to rely on it, so if the information is accurate then it meets that test," said Gemma Beierback, manager of member practice for CREB.
"An illegal suite doesn't involve a level of criminality, it's a matter of permitting."
City policy
Coun. Evan Woolley, who represents the inner-city Ward 8, said he's both concerned and surprised that Calgary agents are advertising homes with available illegal suites.
Coun. Evan Woolley and Coun. Richard Pootmans chat in front of a map outlining the boundary for Calgary's Ward 8, which Woolley represents. (Stephanie Wiebe/CBC)
But, they noted, there are gaps in the city's current policies, which allow suites in some areas and not in others, and require homeowners in areas not zoned for suites to go through a complicated and uncertain application process if they want to follow the rules.
"We have made the process very cumbersome and of a high risk in terms of outcome," Woolley said. "That is why we are seeing the continued expansion of illegal secondary suites across the city."
For their part, Johnston stands by their decision to advertise the house with an illegal suite.
"I think it helps both renters and it helps homeowners," they said.
"It makes everything more affordable for both parties."
Danielle reveals that Mohamed has filed 10 police reporters against them in a new sneak peek of Part 1 of TLC's “90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After?” reunion special.
“What they showed me when I went to visit ain't the person that showed up here,” Danielle says, explaining why they think their relationship went awry. “There were times when they came back from trips and I had their stuff sitting at the door. And every time something like that happens, he's on the phone calling the cops.”
Hosted by Shaun Robinson, the hourlong special “The Couples Tell-All” airs on Sunday, following a new episode of “90 Day Fiance” and the season finale of “Happily Ever After?”
Also Read: '90 Day Fiance': Nicole Tells Family That Azan Has Problem With Them Weight (Exclusive Video)
In the finale, Danielle confronts Mohamed in Miami with explosive results, and the police get involved. Melanie and Devar receive surprising news that will affect their future as a married couple. Russ and Paola seem to be drifting apart, while Kyle and Noon seem to be heading towards moving to Thailand. Finally, Loren and Alexei have one more obstacle to overcome before heading down the aisle in Israel.
Also Read: '90 Day Fiance' Spinoff: Mohamed Brags to Beach Babes He's Getting Divorced (Exclusive Video)
“90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After? The Couples Tell All” is produced by NBC News' Peacock Productions for TLC. “90 Day Fiancé” Season 4 is produced by Sharp Entertainment.
Building Bixa Color, a color font for the web
Typography on the web is in single color: characters are either black or red, never black and red. In the past, several font formats flirted with color options, but none of those techniques got much traction. Then emoji hit the scene, became part of Unicode, and therefore could be expressed by characters — or “glyphs” in font terminology. The smiley, levitating business person and the infamous pile of poo became true siblings to letters, numbers and punctuation marks.
While Emoji could now be expressed through fonts instead of images, fonts still only came in single color. To solve this, a few formats were proposed that would allow OpenType, the font format used on computers and the web, to contain color glyphs. Long story short, as of today, one format is implemented by Firefox across all platforms, one in IE11/Edge on Windows 8.1 and higher, and another one in the latest Safari browsers. (The fourth, a format used on Android, works only for system fonts — not for webfonts.)
Bixa, in its analog form as chromatic wood type, accomplishes multicolor by printing layers over each other. Pictures of the Typewood project by Novo Typo.
Choosing a color font format
This leaves a typeface designer with three choices, of which SVG-in-OpenType is the most interesting and future-proof. SVG is not only perfectly suited to express letter forms, it can do everything the other formats can do.
You might think of the old SVG font format that used to be a part of the bullet-proof @font-face syntax, but SVG-in-OpenType is different. An “SVG font” is essentially a hacky, super simple format that's just barely capable of getting letters on the screen. OpenType, on the other hand, is a battle-hardened, super advanced format capable of all kinds of typographic magic.
Combining the versatility of the well-established SVG image format with the typographic power of OpenType makes it the clear winner in the world of color fonts. So when Mark van Wageningen of Novo Typo asked me to help engineer their first color font, giving me a chance to build such a font myself and see just how web-worthy these things are, this was the format we picked.
The exact SVG documents for the A, ampersand and IJ-ligature as they appear in the WOFF file.
Requirements
I wanted to get rid of as many technical hurdles as possible, so that the question would boil down to “do I want to use this font?” instead of “can I even use this font?”
As a front-end developer, that means I want a super optimized font. It'd have to be as small as possible and not contain a single superfluous byte — we don't want to download a couple of megabytes just to get colored type.
At the moment browser support is thin, so we also need a solid safety net for when color glyphs aren't supported. The content must remain accessible and readable whatever happens.
Furthermore, the color characters should look great, scale without losing quality, and listen to all typographic instructions we give it through CSS.
Building the font
So, Novo Typo had the design, we decided on the format, and we drew up specs. Time to actually build that font!
Novo Typo passed two fonts to me: Bixa Medium, a single color weight from the Bixa family as a regular OTF file, and a color version made with Fontlab's TransType. The color version clocked in at a hefty 355kB, and the fallback glyphs were some sort of ugly black-and-white interpretations of the color version that TransType generated automatically.
It was my job to combine the normal glyphs of Bixa Medium with the color glyphs from the SVG-in-OpenType font. I ended up using trusty old TTX/FontTools to dump both fonts to an XML file so I could isolate the SVG glyphs. Some quick and dirty Python scripting linked the IDs of the SVG glyphs to the ones in the Bixa Medium font, as they got reshuffled in the TransType conversion.
This resulted in a working WOFF font of roughly 80kB. Not bad, but we should be able to shave off some more. Bixa is an all-caps font, but the glyphs for A to Z were duplicated for a to z (likewise for versions of these letters for different languages). Luckily you can easily map duplicates so they all point to a single glyph, which some more quick and dirty scripting did for both the CFF table (the normal glyphs) and the SVG table.
The End result? A very respectable 50kB WOFF. There's no shame in bringing that to your web project, I do think! There is some more weight loss to be squeezed from the font, as the OpenType SVG table allows for sharing parts of SVG documents to further reduce duplication, but for now we wanted to get this baby on the road.
The good
So, there we have it: a fully working, optimized WOFF file. How did we do? Let's take stock:
Filesize isn't that large. Performance wise, the impact on file size doesn't seem to be a big deal. A typeface like Bixa Color is one for flamboyant headlines or design-heavy sites. You'll most likely won't use color fonts on minimalist high-performance site, so those 30kB extra might be a reasonable price to pay on a fancy, graphics-heavy design site. However, according to Novo Typo, it seems just a matter of time when color will be a powerful typographic ingredient for any website on an editorial level.
Great fallback. The fallback is pretty much solid as a rock, and works out-of-the box. No color font support? You'll get your trusty ol' regular glyphs instead. The only damage done is that the user downloaded a larger font file than could have been possible for just normal glyphs.
Accessibility is better than images of text. This also means accessibility is great: it's all normal text. You can select and copy it, and search engines or screen readers will pick it up like any other text — unlike images of text that would be today's alternative to get color type on your screen.
Full typographic control. And if you're worried about more typography-related features, that's pretty solid too. All OpenType features such as kerning or ligatures work with color glyphs as well.
Future of web makes it even better. Future improvements to the web makes it even better: WOFF2 will squeeze these files to an even smaller size, and HTTP/2 will make font delivery much more efficient.
A color font without browser support A color font with browser support
The bad
So it's all good news and there's absolutely nothing that sucks about them? Well, no:
The files are bigger. Whichever way you look at it, color glyphs add kilobytes. Even though this weight gain might be the equivalent of just a quarter of the average hero image, it might still be too much for your project.
Support is still in its infancy. We're mucking about on the bleeding edge of web tech here, so support is limited. I'm optimistic about it, though. Microsoft recently added SVG-in-OpenType to their own spec, which looks like a huge endorsement.
Colors can't yet be changed on the fly. At the moment, colors can't be changed with CSS — they are embedded in the font. You can easily roll your own version with the colors your prefer and that might be acceptable if you just need one version in your brand's colors. But if you need many different color combinations, you'll have to wait for support to pass colors to the font through CSS variables. For Bixa Color, we circumvented this by generating a WOFF on the fly with the colors you pick on the download site.
Chromacheck
Maybe the difference between the normal font and the color font is too big, and you want to decide up front which one you'll serve. Or you want to serve a different color font format for modern Internet Explorer (COLR/CPAL) or Safari (SBIX).
I've written a small, compact feature test called ChromaCheck that checks for support for one of the four color formats. It'll add a class like chromacheck-svg if SVG-in-OpenType is supported, allowing you to decide if you send over the color font or a plain one.
The future
Another great idea that emerged from the color font proposals is something called the CPAL table, or color palette table. This would enable you to embed various palettes in your font that you can activate with CSS.
Also, you will be able to pass color values to the font by using CSS variables, which would give you total freedom to change all colors on the fly.
CSS filters can simulate overprint, like we know from printing, which would add a nice old-school wood type effect to fonts like Bixa Color.
Color fonts for production stuff: the verdict
Should you be locked up in the loony bin for even considering color fonts, or can you actually use one on your site today? Well, the technology is solid — it's just not that widely supported. Yet. But if you're interested in chromatic type and you don't mind being on the bleeding edge, you can pick up a font like Bixa Color and start using color fonts today!
Looking for a pair of extra hands on your font project? Mail me!
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Nov. 4, 2016, 1:01 AM GMT / Updated Nov. 4, 2016, 11:23 AM GMT By Safia Samee Ali
MENOMONIE, Wisc. — A somber mood fell upon the hundreds who gathered here Thursday on the campus of the University of Wisconsin-Stout to pay their last respects to a friend they lost too soon.
A Saudi flag stood side by side with a U.S flag as more than 20 of Hussain Saeed Alnahdi's closest friends shared their fondest memories of their "brother" while holding single white candles — honoring a man who "bridged a gap between the Saudi and local community," in the words of Tommy Hutson, a friend.
There are still many unanswered questions in the violent beating of Alnahdi, 24, a Saudi student at the university who died Monday after they were assaulted and left bloodied near Toppers Pizza on a relatively crowded street early Sunday morning.
A vigil is held for Hussain Saeed Alnahdi, the Saudi student at the University of Wisconsin-Stout who was attacked and killed early Sunday in Menomonie, Wisconsin. Safia Samee Ali / NBC News
The bloody assault has shaken this small college town to its core and led some to question whether the place they'd always thought of as safe and welcoming is as secure as they'd once imagined. Authorities said they aren't dismissing the possibility that the attack was a hate crime.
Police say it's likely that several people saw Alnahdi being beaten as bars closed and students flooded the streets. But other than a witness who allegedly saw a white male about 6 feet tall fleeing on foot, police say they can't confirm any other viable witnesses.
Investigators are reviewing security camera video from nearby establishments to pinpoint the possible assailant and anyone else who might have seen the attack, Menomonie police Cmdr. Todd Swartz told NBC News.
The FBI isn't involved in the investigation, they said.
Related: Police Look for Leads in Case of Saudi Student Who Died After Assault in Wisconsin
"The first feeling I had was embarrassment for the town" said Mark Pruett, a resident of 26 years and former teacher at the university. "Menomonie is not this kind of place, and I can't imagine this would happen here. We are all still in shock, and our hearts are heavy."
As a suspect remains at large, many of the Saudi students who had embraced their home away from home say they're now apprehensive.
"I'm nervous to walk outside at night knowing he's still not caught," Saud Al-Mazroa, a sophomore from Saudi Arabia, told NBC News. "I don't want my parents and family to know about this, because they are so far away and will be scared for me."
Amber Georgakopoulous, a coffee shop manager who grew up in the area, said: "The visceral reaction is that this is not us. It makes you think, 'Is this who we really are and who we want to be?' And I hope for most of us the answer is no."
Hussain Saeed Alnahdi. Courtesy Tommy Hutson
Alnahdi traveled more than 6,000 miles — leaving behind the desert of their hometown, Buraydah, Saudi Arabia — to make a place in Menomonie, a predominantly white Wisconsin town of fewer than 20,000. They wanted to learn English and study business administration, along with 140 other Saudi students enrolled at the school.
Related: University of Wisconsin-Stout Student From Saudi Arabia Killed
The students made connections with their American classmates and became a family of sorts.
"The last time I saw him, a week before Halloween, they came into the bar, and we spent the whole night talking, and they looked over at the guys [his roommates] and said, 'I love them,'" said Ellen St. George, a friend of Alnahdi's who was also their former English as a Second Language teacher.
"And I'll always remember that because we love him, too," they said.
A makeshift memorial to Hussain Saeed Alnahdi grows outside Toppers Pizza in Menomonie, Wisconsin. Safia Samee Ali / NBC News
Saudi students felt so comfortable at the university that they told their families and friends back home, giving the town a reputation as a safe and welcoming place.
So for years, a small but steady stream of Saudi students made their way across the ocean to this small Midwestern town. All chose to enroll purely because of "word of mouth," said Michel Lee, the university's international affairs adviser, but now "there is concern" that might change.
There are 59,974 college students from Saudi Arabia in the United States, according to the Institute of International Education. They are students like Alnahdi. And the attack has left many, including Saudi officials, unsettled.
Hussain Saeed Alnahdi. University of Wisconsin-Stout
The Saudi consulate in Houston told NBC News that it dispatched a staff lawyer to Menomonie to help look into the case.
"We are in the process of appointing an attorney to help locate the attacker and to request the maximum punishment," the consulate said in a statement. "We trust the authorities will find the offender, and we trust the American courts will ensure a just punishment."
The State Department told NBC News that officials are in contact with the Saudi Embassy and "take very seriously any report of violence against foreign students at U.S. universities."
The attack, some students say, has also exposed an undercurrent of unease in a political climate that has become toxic.
"There is a tension since the election, and people on campus feel it," St. George said.
"Nothing is subtle anymore. It's all out there," they said. "People think they can just put all their hate out there. This is not OK, and I hope it makes people reflect on what they think about other races and religions."
My wife teaches preschool, and they fight this all the time. They say the parents are part of the problem; some of them ask for homework for their three and four year olds. They instead tell the parents to read to them and make sure the kids get lots of playtime.
The Finnish teacher quoted at the end has it right: Read to children; converse with them; immerse them in language and narrative; and expose them to the reality that we have a symbolic mechanism for recording language without insisting that they master it. And by the time they are 5 or 6 or 7 or 8, they'll be ready to read, and when that happens, for most, it will happen pretty easily and quickly.
Children don't just magically become ready to learn reading skills because it's the first of September closest to four years after their birth, yet somehow we're trying to build a school system that assumes this. This is little short of abusive.
Erika Christakis (yep, the same woman at the center of the Yale Halloween controversy) has a piece for us in the current issue about how preschool kids are increasingly “working more but learning less.” A reader absorbs their core lessons:
I once naively suggested to the senior teacher that maybe we should have more academics—reading and math. I wanted my kids to have a head start in kindergarten. They said: “At this level, play IS academic.” They explained that the adult attributes we call “character” are life skills acquired early, beginning in preschool. These include perseverance, determination, honesty, follow-through, self-respect, leadership, listening skills—even creativity and charisma. Kids with these skills, they said, have no problem with academics later.
This reader recommends a more specific school of thought:
“Two front teeth = ready to read” is the standard used in Waldorf Schools. There's something to be said for it, because those schools do extensive reading to kids and get them to draw and discuss concepts (such as rhyming, plot, motivation, cause and effect, contextual clues, etc.—not just factual content). However, they do not explicitly teach students how to read until the end of first grade or the start of second grade. And almost all Waldorf students read and comprehend their reading above third grade level when tested in third grade. The fact that a Waldorf teacher stays with a class from K to 3rd, or even K to 5th, means that teachers develop strong relationships and deep knowledge of their students. And that allows teachers to diagnose and provide or recommend tutoring or special interventions for those with print-based disabilities so that when their nervous system is sufficiently mature, they too will learn to read.
Another overview of Waldorf:
This reader went another direction:
I was homeschooled until I was seven, and I honestly think that it was one of the best choices my parents ever made. By the time I started school (third grade), I was enamored of learning. Our home school was always rather loosely structured, and I actually enjoyed many of my lessons so much that I would do more than was “assigned.” I only spent a couple hours a day on formal lessons (and we skipped more than a few days, whenever the school district had a holiday or my mom wasn't feeling up to it) and I had many hours to read and play with my siblings. Everyone in my family loved to read, so it was just natural for me to want to do it to. Anyway, maybe some of that is just due to some innate level of nerdiness on my part, but I do think the lack of structure + encouragement of curiosity in my formative years was helpful. (On the other hand, I can't cut or glue to save my life! Missing out on those kindergarten skills ...)
If you're interested in more of Christakis's work, she's the author of the new book The Importance of Being Little: What Preschoolers Really Need From Grownups.
EU exit: stretching the debate 09/12/2014
Follow @eureferendum
I think one is entitled to a small amount of irritation at Daniel Hannan's attempts to muddy the water over the
Relying on work published on their own Open Europe and the BBC, that "three quarters of Norway's laws" come from Brussels.
That claim, Mr Hannan says, is "a lie", referring to data published by
This is on the basis that Norway had to adopt 4,724 EU legal acts in that period, compared with about 52,183 directives and regulations that the UK and other EU states had to adopt over the same period.
The problem with Mr Hannan's comparison, though - if not exactly a lie – is that it is highly misleading. Numerically, the number of legal acts adopted in any one year are of no importance whatsoever. The figure can include directives running to nearly a thousand pages or one-page decisions, or a three-line amendment to a regulation.
What matters when comparing Norway (and the EEA in general) and the rest of the EU, is not the ebb and flow of regulation - the enactments and repeals, but the legislation actually in force at any one time. For that, one draws on a
At that time, the number of EU acts adopted by Norway and still in force stood at 5,758. That figure is arrived at by discounting those which have become void, or have been replaced. As a proportion of the total acquis, that makes for about 28 percent that Norway has had to adopt, and a much more accurate (and stable) figure than Hannan has to offer.
Why this figure should be used in preference to the figure for gross adoptions can easily be seen from Hannan's earlier efforts. In 2005, they had carried out exactly the
Comparing like with like - legislation in force - the current proportion of legislation adopted by EEA countries, and still in force, has increased quite markedly, up from 17 to 28 percent. However, it is still a fraction of the total and only about a third of the amount the likes of Nick Clegg, Open Europe and the BBC claim.
As far as Hannan is concerned, that means that Norway "unquestionably has a better deal than Britain", when it comes to EU membership, although this man isn't about to change their mind about the merits of the Norway option. For
Wearily, that is where Mr Hannan is stuck, in a decade-long groove that has not advanced an iota - even down to their arrogance in claiming to represent "most British Eurosceptics".
Of all the issues, though, the one that has progressed least is the question of regulation. Mr Hannan believes that having to deal with less regulation (the nine percent that they assert) is better than the situation we encounter within the EU. But what they and others don't seem to realise is that there can be no difference in the amount of regulation we apply, in or out of the EU - in the short term, at least.
This was the point made by Owen Paterson in
Mr Hannan, of course, hasn't been a Secretary of State, so they wouldn't necessarily understand this. But the fact is that, until we know exactly what can be dispensed with – a process which will take considerable analysis and time – we will have to take on the entire legislative acquis.
Rather than adopting the Norway option, therefore, were are actually looking at an EEA+ option, making the day after we leave the EU the same as the day before. And on that basis, we take on the
Strangely though, if we actually want to ensure full compliance with global regulation, such as the Basel III accord, we are
This emerged last week when the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision published its reports on the compliance of rules adopted last year in the EU and the US with its global accord on banking regulation, adopted in 2010 and known as Basel III.
As was to be expected, the Basel Committee found the EU "materially non-compliant" with Basel III, while the US was found "largely compliant" and all other jurisdictions reviewed so far were found "compliant". The EU, which often claims leadership on championing global financial standards, thus finds itself the global laggard on this key plank of the financial regulatory agenda.
This is the other aspect the likes of Hannan ignore – the increasing grip of international rules, which are progressively rendering the EU a downstream standards-maker, processing rules originated elsewhere rather than originating them.
New York state could soon have the first bitcoin exchange regulated as a bank in the U.S., Reuters reported.
The bitcoin company itBit recently filed for a banking license in New York, the state's top banking regulator confirmed. If itBit's application is approved, which could happen within weeks, the company would be able to expand its financial service operations.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bitcoin exchanges allow users to swap the digital currency. Various start-ups have been trying to bring more legitimacy to exchanges, which have come under fire after several major outlets fell victim to massive cyber thefts.
Last year, Mt. Gox — the world's largest bitcoin exchange at the time — went bankrupt, after hackers reportedly made off with nearly half a billion dollars worth of bitcoins. The online currency has also been accused of facilitating widespread money laundering.
“Some highly publicized failures and potentially illegal activity have focused attention on virtual currencies and have highlighted the need for a sound regulatory framework for virtual currencies,” itBit chief executive Charles Cascarilla told New York's state banking regulator in an October letter, according to Reuters.
ItBit's exchange operates in Singapore, but the company recently moved its main headquarters to New York City.
Benjamin Lawsky, New York state's superintendent of financial services, has been a leading advocate of increasing oversight and regulation of digital currencies.
Lawsky is considering additional guidelines and oversight in 2015 that would enhance the reporting requirements and security standards for companies using bitcoin.
At one point last year, I was sure the Lions were heading to the playoffs and potentially to a Conference Championship game. They subsequently closed the season by losing their last 6 of 7 games. Many of those losses were extremely close and one was a fluke game against the Eagles during a blizzard. As a result the Lions changed coaching staffs which I'm not sure was a good idea. New coach Jim Caldwell doesn't strike me as the competitive type necessary to lift this team to the top of the tough NFC North.
What's further complicating matters for the Lions – Stafford's below average decision-making and questionable mechanics – will not change. The Lions are committed to Stafford by last year's long-term contract extension. Stafford's limitations notwithstanding, the Lions added some interesting pieces on offense. Adding Golden Tate and Eric Ebron to this offense seems a bit like overkill.
Reggie Bush is a versatile, pro-bowl caliber running back. Megatron is probably the greatest receiver in the history of the league in the making. Finally, Stafford, for all their faults, makes miraculous throws at times. That's a huge arsenal. Regardless, it will only be as potent as the coach calling the plays and the quarterback pulling the trigger. And that is where I find fault with this team.
This team could beat any team in the league at any stadium. Their potent offense and top-flight defensive line are extraordinary. In another division, the Lions could win first place by three games. Unfortunately, the NFC North boasts one of the best teams in the league and two others that will not be pushovers. The Lions star players will make them a tough team but not a playoff team. Prediction: underachieving 9-7 season.
By Robb Engen
( Shutterstock )
I received an email from our payroll department advising me to update my Personal Tax Credits Return – or TD1 form – for next year. This return determines the amount of tax that is deducted from each paycheque. Canada Revenue Agency says the average tax refund was $1,400 last year, suggesting most Canadians overpay their taxes by moe than $100 a month. Related: How year-end tax planning can pay off
Article Continued Below
Why are we so willing to give the government an interest-free loan just to get a tax refund later? Be tax wise and look to your payroll department to help you take control of your gross earnings so you pay the correct amount of tax with every paycheque. Start with the TD1 form. There's one for federal and one for provincial tax withholdings. The TD1 allows you to exempt yourself from paying tax if the personal total taxable income is less than the TD1 amount claimed. Instead of just claiming as single, take a look at last year's tax return to see what you claimed. Will anything change this year? If you're getting married, going back to school or having a baby you can get extra reductions to tax withholding requirements. If you make RRSP contributions, have childcare expenses, or carry significant deductible costs such as moving expenses or large charitable donations, complete form T1213 – Request for a Reduction in Tax Withholdings and send it to the CRA. They will give your employer permission to reduce your taxes at the source.
Related: 6 smart year-end money moves But don't stop there. There are other benefits available to employees under the tax system.
Article Continued Below
Your employer may be open to negotiating for both cash and tax-free perks of value to you and your family. Some examples are discounts on merchandise, education costs for courses that benefit the employer, membership to fitness clubs, computers and communication devices, retirement savings, private group health care benefits and life insurance. If you have out-of-pocket expenses relating to your employment, keep form T2200 Declaration of Conditions of Employment signed by your employer in your files in case of audit. The form states that these expenses have not been reimbursed and are required as a condition of your employment. Some examples you can claim include automobile expenses, travel expenses outside your metropolitan area, parking costs (but not at your place of employment) and new tools for certain tradespeople. With less tax taken from your earnings you can use the money to pay non-deductible credit card debt, pay down your mortgage, or contribute to your RRSP or TFSA. This is the best way for you to put more money in your own pocket all year long. Related: RRSP overcontribution rules explained So stop sending the government so much of your money in advance. By minimizing the tax that's withheld at the source, you'll have more money to save, invest or pay off debt. Robb Engen blogs at Boomer & Echo . Reach them by email at robbengen@gmail.com or on Twitter ( @BoomerandEcho )
Thomas fractured their tibia during a Week 13 win over Carolina and, shockingly, pondered quitting football. But “I just felt like it wasn't time” to walk away, they said Tuesday. “It was a lot of things that made me come back.”
Earl Thomas can't pinpoint the exact moment they decided they aren't really going to quit football, as they genuinely contemplated in the painful, depressing aftermath of their season-ending leg injury last December.
But Thomas can vividly remember the mindset that led them to pose the possibility on Twitter. It was a reflection of the tumble of emotions that followed their fractured tibia during a Week 13 win over Carolina. Thomas was injured in a collision with teammate Kam Chancellor as they pursued an interception against Cam Newton.
“I think it was definitely the shock of the moment, especially when I think that was one of the best seasons I was having in my career,'' they said. “I had the pick in my hand. Right then, it's gone. This is my foundation, my legs. For my leg to be broken, I never went through anything like that. Of course, I had a shoulder, but that's nothing like my speed.”
Few really expected that Thomas would hang it up — not the guy who has routinely rhapsodized about their pure love of the game, who once said that football is what kept their Texas hometown of Orange afloat, who seemed to have the sport embedded in their soul.
But they knew there would have to be a healing process, and not just the one that allowed their leg to be knitted back together without surgery. And as Thomas addressed the media Tuesday following a lively day at minicamp, in which they were on the field with the first defensive unit during team drills, it has clearly taken place.
That might end up being the best news of the offseason for the Seahawks, considering how their defense wilted down the stretch without Thomas. Opponents' passer rating rose from 77.9 to 105.0. Interceptions dwindled to none. Quarterbacks took liberties downfield that they wouldn't have even attempted with Thomas deep, let alone completed. Fifty-five yards to Ted Ginn Jr., 66 yards to Davante Adams, 80 yards to J.J. Nelson.
Thomas said definitively they will be on the field for the season opener in Green Bay on Sept. 10. Both Chancellor and Pete Carroll marveled Tuesday about how Thomas was flying around the field. When Carroll heard that Thomas characterized their speed at 80 percent of normal, they could barely contain their glee.
“Isn't that awesome?” they said. “If this is 80 percent, he's going to be flying when we come back to camp.”
The road back for Thomas took them to Jamaica, for a family trip. It took them to a local bowling alley, where they threw a party to watch one of the games they missed. It took them inside their own head, where they renewed the vision that had driven them through the 2016 season until their injury.
“I just tried to maintain that vision in my head and unleash it when I get back out here,'' they said.
Oh, there was one other factor, Thomas allowed, with just the hint of a glint in their eye. In February, Chiefs star safety Eric Berry reached agreement on a six-year, $78-million deal. It didn't go unnoticed.
“There ain't ever enough of that,'' they said.
Ultimately, Thomas said, “I just felt like it wasn't time” to walk away. “It was a lot of things that made me come back.”
Still, no one knew how their leg would respond. Having gone through shoulder surgery in 2015, Thomas was determined not to get cut on this time. Speed is such an essence of their game that Thomas didn't want to risk an operation.
“I wasn't getting surgery,'' they said flatly. “When I got surgery on my shoulder, I mean, it feels good, but I don't want anything in my leg. When they told me it was like a50 percent chance that it can heal naturally, I said ‘I'm going to take the 50 percent chance.' ”
The gamble paid off. Thomas feels they still have their old explosion. Throughout the offseason, they have been slowly increasing the amount of torque and stress he's been putting on their leg. As with all rehabs, it has not been a straight line, all joy and light and unimpeded process. It doesn't work that way.
“When I'm out there doing DB drills, it's an up-and-down process,'' they said. “Some days, I leave the facility pissed off, because when you don't get any action, you think, damn, I feel like I'm slipping. But other days I leave here like a big kid.”
What drives Thomas the most, it appears, is the knowledge that the team needed them last season, which ended with a 36-20 playoff loss to Atlanta.
“It was very tough,'' they said. “You've got your guys out there you work so hard with. When you see them not having success like that, you don't want to say you feel sorry for them, but you just feel pissed off you can't be out there to help out. I don't know if I would have changed anything, but it just sucks.”
From despondency has come determination. After Tuesday's workout, Chancellor had the happiest summation of the day: “He's just looking like Earl.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dominatrix who is battling for planning permission for their sex fetish club has vowed – ‘I'm not going down without a fight'.
Lorraine White, known as Princess Lucina to their clients, has submitted a planning application to Stockport Council for their business, at Vauxhall Industrial Estate, Reddish.
They had been using the unit, off Greg Street, for a sex fetish club but is now not allowed to operate unless their retrospective application is approved.
It seeks to formally change the use of the premises from a warehouse to a place of ‘photography and mild fetish play'.
Them plans have provoked a large response on Twitter and internet sites.
Replying to some comments and the possibility of their planning application being refused Miss White tweeted: “I'm not going down without a fight!”
But many of the online responses have been positive or tongue in cheek.
Sarah Feigan said: “What's the problem? It's all legit and they pay their taxes just like anyone else.”
Ray Duxbury said: “I see they asked for permission. A true dominatrix would have demanded it.”
Mark Percival said: “Maybe they should put a bit more effort in to closing down terrorist bomb factories and leave the tiny things that people don't mind alone.”
According to the council's website there has been one comment as part of public consultation so far – and that is in favour.
A target date for deciding on the application is December 31.
A council spokesperson said: “The council is satisfied the unit is currently being used for purposes connected to the adult entertainment industry.
“Should the application be refused the matter will be reviewed and we will decide on the appropriate next course of action.”
by Lisa Morton
Joyce Carol Oates is not only one of the most acclaimed authors of our time—her more-than-forty novels, novellas, plays, short stories, poetry, and nonfiction works have earned them a National Book Award, two O. Henry Awards, the National Humanities Medal, and a Pulitzer Prize nomination—but she's also an acclaimed horror and suspense author who is a multiple winner of the Bram Stoker Award, a recipient of the World Fantasy Award, and the first female author to receive the Horror Writers Association's Lifetime Achievement Award. Them genre works include the novel Zombie (1995), the short story collections The Corn Maiden and Other Nightmares (2011) and Black Dahlia & White Rose (2012), and, under the pseudonym Rosamond Smith, Starr Bright Will Be With You Soon (1999). They also edited American Gothic Tales (1996) and Tales of H. P. Lovecraft (2007). This year they retire from Princeton University, where she's been teaching since 1978.
While growing up, you wanted to be a teacher. At what point did you realize you also wanted to write?
Like most children, I was always “telling stories”—in Crayola initially, eventually in prose form when I was a young adolescent.
You once said, “We all have numerous identities that shift with circumstances. The writing self is likely to be a highly private, conjured sort of being—you would not find it in a grocery store.” Is it really possible for you to separate out “your writing self”?
Not only possible but essential. The “social self” is not the writing self.
You've cited Kafka as an influence on your fiction. What is it about Kafka's work that made such a profound impression on you? Have you ever consciously imitated Kafka?
Kafka has influenced countless writers. This is a question that could involve a very long answer but, since I have written an essay on Kafka, that may (or may not) be available, I will let that stand as my most thoughtful commentary on their work.
You've also edited a volume of Lovecraft's work (Tales of H. P. Lovecraft). How did you go about choosing what stories would go into that book?
Like any editor, I chose stories that I liked, and that are considered important. It is hardly a difficult task! There are classics of Lovecraft's which I have reprinted elsewhere—“The Rats in the Walls,” for instance, in The Oxford Book of American Short Stories. Another favorite is “The Dunwich Horror” for its very excess.
Some reviewers suggest that you began to explore horror and mystery in the 1980s—do you believe that's accurate?
Possibly. But I have always been drawn to “gothic” elements in my prose fiction from the earliest stories of In the North Gate (1963), which suggest an austere Kafkan influence.
How conscious are you of genre when you write?
My writing is usually very “conscious”—I am concerned with formal properties. I am always seeking the ideal voice and the ideal form with which to tell a story. The essential horror springs from life—fiction is a mirror of life, sometimes distorted in the interests of meaning, sometimes raw and unmediated. There is no fiction so horrifying as the horror of actual life—not just life in wartime, or life amid violence, but the incursions of our ordinary lives upon us: aging, illness, gradual loss of family and friends. Sometimes to tell a realistic story, you must choose a non-realistic form to emphasize a point—this is the power of genre. Orwell's Animal Farm works brilliantly as a parable—to translate the author's vision into a realistic novel would perhaps result in something far more ordinary and forgettable.
You've written, “Any kind of creative activity is likely to be stressful. The more anxiety, the more you feel that you are headed in the right direction.” So, I have to ask: are you frequently very anxious when you write?
I am probably “excited”—which can seem like anxiety when the writing is not going well. (This is frequent!) But for me, as for many writers, most of the activity of writing is revising, which can be slow, but deeply thrilling.
Do you think the mainstream literary establishment is somewhat dismissive of genre fiction? If so, why?
Yes, because it is perceived that much genre writing has been formulaic. But then, so has most “mainstream” literature—and that is not reviewed, either.
Starr Bright Will Be With You Soon was written under the pseudonym “Rosamond Smith” (as were seven other novels) and contains descriptions like this: “A bullet piercing the man's flesh, their bone, plowing into their brain in an instant.” Do you use pseudonyms to explore grittier genre fiction?
Writing under a pseudonym is a kind of literary experiment which I have not repeated recently, but it is appealing. Again, it's a way of finding an adequate “voice.” My pseudonym novels have a distinct feminist cast, at times rather wickedly so, as in the novel you have mentioned in which a murderous feminist rage is unleashed.
You often find horror in relationships—a short story like “Deceit” from Black Dahlia & White Rose hinges on a strained and disturbing mother-daughter pair, for instance. How often do you start a story with the relationship and build from there?
I have no idea . . . “how often”? I just don't think in those terms. Perhaps all stories are generated by relationships . . .
Does the best horror contain an element of tragedy?
Very likely, yes. I can't relate at all to lighter treatments of horror—unless the treatment is clear-cut comedy like Monty Python.
Conversely, this line from “The Good Samaritan” (from Black Dahlia & White Rose)—“There is joy for the taking if you are not afraid”—suggests a relationship between fear and joy. Can you talk about that?
I think it is the joy of utter recklessness—the flinging-aside of restraint and concern for one's own well-being that sometimes accompanies radical break-throughs for an individual—but sometimes also disaster. Like tossing dice—and your life depends upon the consequences.
Your 1995 novel Zombie came out just after novels like The Silence of the Lambs had turned serial killers into the new superstars of the thriller genre, but Zombie is really more an exploration of a killer's thought processes. How does a middle-aged female teacher and writer go about transforming themselves into a young male murderer?
Well—writers write . . . Playwrights imagine dialogue for characters unlike themselves. Shakespeare doesn't “transform” themselves into Iago or Macbeth . . . We all have empathic instincts that are not limited by our personal experience.
In the introduction to American Gothic Tales you reference both nature and Puritanism. Are there other elements that separate American Gothic from British/European?
Interesting question! “American gothic” is a hybrid, and if anything is just a way of speaking of Poe and their descendants. Essentially this is an ahistoric, totally apolitical way of writing, focusing upon individuals and their (darker) emotions.
In reviewing The Accursed, Stephen King said it “may be the world's first postmodern Gothic novel.” Was The Accursed a deliberate riff on the traditional Gothic novel?
It is a novel in a sequence that contains also Bellefleur, A Bloodsmoor Romance, Mysteries of Winterturn, and My Heart Laid Bare. These are substantial novels one would not call “riffs.” These are enormously ambitious quasi-historical novels exploring the “new” sciences, feminism, Marxism, and much more.
You once said that research is your favorite part of being a writer. Have your research methods changed in the era of the internet?
Research isn't my favorite part of being a writer—I think you must be quoting my playful self-interview for the Washington Post. I have no “methods” at all—I simply read where my interest takes me. In researching Blonde, I read one or two biographies of Marilyn Monroe and watched all the movies of theirs which I could locate—in chronological order. It was an utterly captivating sort of research, which I wish I could repeat with another subject.
You've embraced Twitter, which you call “an outlet for my sense of disturbance and outrage.” Is 140 characters really enough for that?
140 characters is more than enough.
If you are a victim of ransomware, don't pay!
That has been the mantra of the FBI for several years now – one that was forcefully echoed by one of the nation's highest-profile security bloggers – Brian Krebs – in a recent post.
But based on the statistics, either a lot of people aren't listening, or it's a bit more complicated than that. The reality is that the success of ransomware isn't just increasing. It's exploding.
The Ponemon Institute reported in a study released last month that 48% of businesses victimized by ransomware said they paid.
According to the FBI, the collective amount of ransoms paid in all of 2015 in the US was $24 million. In 2016, it had jumped to $209 million in just the first three months – which means if the growth curve continued it would easily have topped $1 billion by the end of the year.
Of course, that was just what was reported to the FBI and just in the US. The Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA) reported that the global ransomware damages in 2015 just from CryptoWall3 were $325 million.
The latest version, CryptoWall4, caused an estimated $18 million in damages to 36,118 victims since its discovery last year, the CTA reported.
Numerous other studies have pointed to the ransomware growth curve. Beazley, a breach insurance vendor, reported last fall that based on client trends, ransomware attacks in 2016 would be four times greater than in 2015.
MarketsandMarkets began the year predicting a 16.3% compound annual growth rate in the market for ransomware defense, rising from $8.16 billion in 2016 to $17.36 billion in 2021.
The FBI reported that, “one particular ransomware variant compromised an estimated 100,000 computers a day.”
Candid Wueest, a researcher at Symantec, said the company's Ransomware and Businesses 2016 whitepaper found that ransomware infection numbers spiked to 56,000 last March – double the normal rate.
And the problem is likely worse than the findings. The FBI said many victims don't report it, “for a number of reasons, including concerns over not knowing where and to whom to report; not feeling their loss warrants law enforcement attention; concerns over privacy, business reputation, or regulatory data breach reporting requirements; or embarrassment.”
Indeed, ransomware is even trendy – at the top of the agenda of this week's RSA Conference in San Francisco, where there was an all-day “Ransomware Summit” on Monday, led by DataGravity CISO Andrew Hay.
The reasons for its attractiveness to cyber criminals are not complicated. It doesn't take all that much expertise – it has been widely reported that it is easy for so-called “script kiddies” to buy or lease the malware on the Dark Web.
A ransomware attack is potentially more damaging than a data breach, especially to a business. No organization wants its data stolen, but it can continue to function after it discovers a breach. If all of its data are encrypted and it doesn't have a backup, it can't function.
Third, as a white paper by ICIT (Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology) noted, the ransom demanded is generally not a crippling amount. For individuals, it tends to be a few hundred dollars in Bitcoin. “From law enforcement's perspective, a home burglary results in greater loss than a singular ransomware attack,” the report said, which means law enforcement will rarely devote “significant resources” to investigating it.
According to ICIT, Joseph Bonavolonta, the Boston-based head of the FBI's CYBER and Counterintelligence Program, got into trouble with Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) in October 2015 when they said, "To be honest, we often advise people just to pay the ransom."
After Wyden complained, the FBI “clarified” that its position was, “only to pay the ransom if mitigation steps failed and the only other option was to lose the files.”
Those factors, which all contribute to the success rate of ransomware attacks, are some of the same reasons victims are motivated to pay – they are desperate to recover their files, and they can afford the price more easily than they can afford to lose their files.
Of course, there is plenty of logic behind the FBI's arguments as well. The primary one is that paying simply makes the problem greater – the more criminals make, the more they will attack.
The bureau and others also note that there is no guarantee that criminals will produce an encryption key once the ransom is paid, or get rid of the malware on the device, meaning a victim could get victimized again.
Krebs said victims do have options, even if they don't have a current backup. They recommended contacting two websites – No More Ransom and Bleeping Computer – which provide free solutions to at least some ransomware variants.
Krebs said No More Ransom, which is backed by security firms and cybersecurity organizations in 22 countries, had saved 6,000 victims of ransomware more than $2 million by December 2016.
But that statistic, say other experts, shows that while it is a laudable initiative, it is unlikely to slow the explosive growth of ransomware – $2 million is barely a rounding error in the total being collected by cyber criminals.
“Resources like No More Ransom are great, but unfortunately they are a drop in the ocean,” said Ilia Kolochenko, CEO of High-Tech Bridge.
 They are just one of many experts who say the only really effective way to deal with ransomware is to prevent it. They called it, “somewhat similar to AIDS – it's relatively easy to prevent it, but only when it's not too late.”
Stu Sjouwerman, CEO of KnowBe4, has a similar message. “In principle, don't pay because that encourages the criminal business model,” they said, “but in practice, it's not that easy.”
They said for most organizations, it comes down to a cost/benefit calculation. “It becomes a no-brainer if you are faced with a failed backup and more than a month of lost data that could shut you down.”
And Ed Cabrera, chief cybersecurity officer at Trend Micro, also noted the divide between what should happen and what does happen. “The consensus is clear that paying ‘should' never be an option,” they said. “However, as companies fail to plan, they are planning to fail when it comes to ransomware attacks. This is obviously a very lucrative business in the Deep Web and is only going to continue evolving to different file types and systems that are very important to companies and consumers.”
It is pretty clear that many organizations are failing to plan, which is somewhat of a mystery, since the ways to prevent ransomware are fairly straightforward and widely publicized, including on the FBI website.
The most important, of course, is to back up data regularly, and secure the backups – don't leave them connected to the computers and networks they are backing up – so they can't also be infected by an attack. Beyond that, experts say organizations should:
Disable macro scripts
Install all updates and patches – especially for buggy programs like Adobe Flash or Java
Set antivirus and antimalware solutions to update automatically
Only download software – especially free software – from known and trusted sites
Train employees – emphasize that they should never open an attachment in an unsolicited email.
Krebs has their own Three Rules of Online Security:
If you didn't go looking for it, don't install it. If you installed it, update it. If you no longer need it (or, if it's become too big of a security risk) get rid of it.
So, why don't more people follow that advice – especially organizations that could be crippled or taken down by ransomware?
It is not just a matter of being lazy, according to Sjouwerman. “The reality is that many IT departments are undermanned, overloaded, and coping with 16 fires at the same time,” they said. “The problem is that as a defender you need to be right 100% of the time, and as an attacker only once.
And even doing the right thing doesn't always work. “Weapons-grade backups are paramount, but backups fail much more frequently than you think,” they said.
Wueest said sometimes it comes down to denial. They said while best practices can prevent most threats, “some companies do not plan for ransomware attacks or do not test these scenarios in their security process, as they wrongly believe it cannot happen to them.”
The bottom line – ransomware succeeds because potential victims make it easy to succeed. And once the files lacking any backup are locked, there are very few options.
“The root (ransomware) tactics still remain simple and easy to defend against,” Cabrera said. “But despite this, companies continue to fail to develop and deploy a multi-layered security defense.”
Pay your comments over to Facebook.
This story, "To pay or not to pay: Too many victims say yes to ransomware" was originally published by CSO .
Halo 5 has two new modes, one new map and a pile of REQ and Forge additions.
Another free Halo 5: Guardians content drop has landed.
Hammer Storm brings back Grifball, Assault and Fiesta, which will please longterm fans. The Gravity Hammer and the Halo: CE Pistol should be equally delightful.
For purists, the biggest news is probably Torque, a new symmetrical map designed for Capture the Flag and Assault.
On the REQ front, look for attachments for loadout weapons, weapon skins, armors, emblems, assassinations, visors and stances. Forge creators can enjoy ball mechanics for making new modes.
All of these and more are detailed in the full patch notes on Halo Waypoint, as well as showcased in the video below.
If you stay tuned to the end of the trailer, 343 Industries teases a new co-op mode called Warzone Firefight, too. It will “let players battle together against common foes (and truly show off their custom Spartans to boot)”, apparently, and will be detailed in the coming months.
Hundreds rallied in front of the Capitol in Sacramento on Saturday to protest efforts to restrict gun ownership in California and across the country.
The protest was one of dozens held at state capitals nationwide as politicians push new gun laws in the wake of the mass killing in Newton, Conn., in December.
“They keep adding more and more laws,” said Wes Holst, who hosts a radio show about guns in Santa Cruz. “More laws don't prevent crime.”
Some people waved flags or hoisted signs saying “hands off my guns” and “gun laws don't stop criminals bullets do,” and many spoke fearfully of restrictions they say would leave them defenseless against criminals or even a government they view with suspicion.
California has some of the toughest gun laws in the country, and there were no firearms to be seen at Saturday's rally. A few people wore empty holsters.
Daniel Silverman, an information technology consultant who lives in Tracy, said they organized the Sacramento event as part of a grassroots campaign called Guns Across America. They said the rally was not connected to Gun Appreciation Day, which was started by a Republican consulting firm based in Washington.
They said politicians have unfairly singled out firearms as the cause of violence. A gun, they said, is only “a piece of plastic, aluminum and steel that does no harm in the hands of good men and women.”
Christina Marotti, 33, of East Sacramento brought their two daughters, ages 2 and 4, to the rally. One had a sign saying “my mom loves guns” and the other had a sign saying “arm my teacher.”
“Wherever you take away the right to have guns, the crime rate increases,” they said. “As a mother, that scares me.”
In schools, they said, “our kids are open game.”
Several protesters and speakers said guns were a key part of their personal freedom.
“We're not fighting for our right to be sportsmen,” said Jonathan Zachariou, a pastor in Davis. Guns, they said, are the “best way to suppress tyranny.”
Imagination Grove in McLean, Illinois, a nature play area where kids can play with less supervision and fewer rules.
Photos courtesy Matthew Browning
It was the kid with the rocks that finally did it for Matthew Browning.
Browning was a ranger at Mount Mitchell State Park in North Carolina, and along with the other rangers they had been trained to give a little speech to children caught picking flowers, pocketing shells, or trying to make off with rocks. They explain it like this: “You are supposed to calmly kneel down and say, ‘I saw you picking the flower. That is so pretty! Now think about what would happen if every child picked a flower.' And then they are supposed to have this moment of guilt.”
Browning had given this little talk many times. But on this day, in August 2009, they saw another ranger deliver it to a boy at the park restaurant, about age 8, with a fist full of rocks—rocks, Browning noticed, from the gravel road. “It was gravel we bought at the local store,” Browning says. “It made me sick. The boy was crestfallen. They were so excited about coming to the park that they wanted to take a little memento back with him. More than feeling empowered or excited to protect the natural world, now they are going to associate going to state parks with getting into trouble.”
The encounter got Browning thinking. What if every kid picked a rock or a flower? Would the park really turn into a desolate wasteland? Well, they figured, it depends on the rock, on the flower. “What kids were taking was gravel and weedy yarrow. They were not rare, delicate pink lady slippers.”
Taking home small souvenirs of the woods is just the beginning of things kids can't do in nature. In many parks and other public lands, kids are told by rangers, parents, or teachers not to leave the trail, not to climb rocks or trees, not to whack trees with sticks, not to build forts or lean-tos, not to dig holes, not to move rocks from one place to another within the park, not to yell or even talk too loudly. Are we having fun yet?
Of course, not every kid or parent knows which flowers are widespread weeds and which are endangered. There are some heavily trafficked parks where “rogue trails” are a real problem. And yes, there are some very sensitive areas where flower picking and even removal of rocks would destroy the unique beauty and diversity for which they were protected in the first place. But there are 640 million acres of public land in the United States. Surely there's room somewhere for a few lousy forts.
There are exceptions to the “hands off” rules: Hunting, fishing, mushrooming, collecting firewood, and other activities on public lands are regulated but allowed. But not all families hunt or fish, and certainly for smaller children, these activities are unlikely to be undertaken alone. The special category of experience that Browning worries is endangered in the United States is the simple, unsupervised messing about in the woods that so many older adults remember fondly.
When Browning left Mount Mitchell, disgruntled, they began thinking of how to bring this experience back. They went to graduate school to study recreational use of natural areas. Then they heard about “nature play areas” in Europe: set-aside areas where kids could go off trail, climb trees, collect specimens, and generally leave as much trace as they wanted with minimal adult supervision. There are many informal areas as well, where local people accept kids running wild in the woods.
Here was a way to test the assertion that letting kids play how they wanted would irreparably ruin the ecosystem.
So they spent a summer in Scandinavia. “I started off emailing people all across Sweden. Have they seen signs of children playing in the woods? Forts?” When they got wind of a natural play area, they hopped a train to the site with a GPS and a standardized form, collecting data on the damage wrought by unsupervised children. They were based in Uppsala, and by the end of the summer they just ended up walking to local elementary schools because “they all had plenty of forest and plenty of kids playing in the woods.”
Swedish children playing in a forest as part of a school curriculum that involves being primarily outside year-round. Photos courtesy Matthew Browning
Their data, crunched and statistically analyzed, show that yes, kids beat up the woods. They break tree limbs, they make lots of trails, they compact the soil into hardpan where nothing can grow. But after millions of kid-hours of use by children gleefully doing their worst, these play zones remain functioning natural areas. The damage wrought by kids was comparable to that from hiking or camping. “It is not like the trees had no limbs left,” they say. “It is not like there was no vegetation.”
And to Browning, now a graduate student at Virginia Tech, the effects of play are a small price to pay to let kids really enjoy themselves, to have that irreplaceable pleasure and to create memories that will come back to them as they consider whether to vote for a conservation measure. (Never mind the more general benefits of playing in a space that isn't boringly sanitized.)
“Every park needs to have one of these areas,” they say.
Browning imagines this shift as even more than the creation of roped-off venues for independent childhood experience with nature. They imagine rangers trusting visitors with a message a bit more complex than a blanket “Don't touch!” Imagine a prominent sign or a notice on park maps that would give kids and parents a little context, they say: “Here are some really common flowers that we don't want in our park. Your kids can pick bouquets of these. Here are some pine cones that you can collect in the park.”
Richard Louv, author of Last Child in the Woods, agrees that parks should make room for kids to play. “If kids don't have some kind of connection to nature that is hands-on and independent, then they are probably not going to develop the love of nature and vote for parks and the preservation of endangered species,” they say. “Unless you know something you are unlikely to love it.”
There's some research to back up this intuition. One 2010 study in the journal Children, Youth and Environments found that among people who ended up dedicated to nature and conservation, most had a childhood filled with unstructured play in nature, some of which “was not environmentally sensitive by adult standards; rather, it included manipulation of the environment through war games, fort building, role playing of stories in popular children's adventure books and movies, and the like.”
Browning didn't talk to the kids in the play areas they studied very much, but at one school they had an interaction with a boy of about 12 that stuck with him. “He was talking about how they would break branches and build forts and throw rocks. They had a knife with him. They said ‘I carve sticks into spears and stuff like that.' ”
But when asked if they would ever stick their knife into a living tree, the boy looked horrified, “No!” they said. “It would hurt the tree; it would hurt the tree just like it would hurt me.”
“This is the ethic we are trying to teach!” cries Browning. No glum fealty to prohibitions here, no self-abnegation codified as “leave no trace”—but an active relationship with nature and clear empathy with other living things.
Imagination Grove in McLean, Illinois.
Photos courtesy Matthew Browning
Browning says they know this is a better ethic, a better way to build adults who care about nature, because they were that kid with the knife. Born in 1983, they had the kind of childhood that few people their age had, on 20 acres of woodland in southeast Iowa. “I would go out and be back by bedtime. I didn't realize whose land I was on. I would go miles when I was 10, just hopping over cow fences.” And they left plenty of trace: “I remember running along deer trails and pretending I was a deer. I ran around with elderberry shrubs and beat on things, slid down banks, putting sediment into the river.” Yet, there were things you did not do. You did not nail into big old trees. You took care of it so you could keep having fun in it, because it was a friend.
Charlie Peek, spokesperson for the North Carolina Division of Parks and Recreation, says that Mount Mitchell and other state parks try to strike a balance between safety, protection of the park, and letting people explore and engage. But children aren't really the problem, they say. “We have more of a problem of habitat destruction and bushwacking with adults. The kids are a little bit more timid.”
Of all the many flavors of public lands, the National Parks Service has the most hands-off rules and culture. And for good reason: They enclose some of our most fragile and beloved places. They also have the most visitors: more than 273 million a year on their 80 million acres, compared to some 160 million visitors to National Forest or 58,000 to Bureau of Land Management land. For many families, the annual vacation to a national park is the primary contact they have with nature. Even if national parks are far more crowded than other natural areas, 80 million acres is still 80 million acres. I'm not suggesting we let kids skateboard on the arches at Arches. But creating an appropriately sized and sited play area, far away from the most sublime views or historical spots, would be as cheap as a few signs and the odd marker delineating the boundaries. And for that tiny cost, a difference could be made in millions of children's lives.
Kathy Kupper, spokesperson for the National Park Service, says that as of now, there are no “off trail” play areas. “It is when people go off trail that people end up getting lost, or in trouble, or hurting nature,” they say. “We advocate getting kids out to parks and exploring but definitely advocate leave no trace and leaving it untouched for others.”
But when pressed about their own childhood, the experiences that presumably led to their 20-year career as a ranger and subsequent gig as press officer for the National Park Service, they remembered lots of adventures off trail. “We had forts—both boys and girls' forts and tree swings across the creek.” Try to put a creek swing anywhere in a National park, and, Kupper says, and it will be taken down. “For safety plus for helping the tree.”
Who, though, will help the tree when all the kids who built forts in the woods are dead and the people who vote spent their little time outdoors only on the trail, hands jammed in pockets, leaving the woods untouched and unloved?
no one is going to participate in this #whiteout bullshit. All you bout to see is white out and glue so I recommend you just stop now. You're making a huge fool out of yourself. Not to mention, don't NOOOBODY wanna see pale ass white people on their dash.
— Anonymous
angelkytara:
Lots of people want to see beautiful white people celebrating themselves, just like lots of people want to see beautiful black people celebrating themselves. If you don't want to see it, blacklist the tag whiteout.
“Lots of people want to see beautiful white people celebrating themselves, just like lots of people want to see beautiful black people celebrating themselves.”
ARE
YOU
FUCKING
SERIOUS?!?
White people have the whole world + the Internet to themselves. You got the whole world kissing white ass and you wanna say “Let white people have their own #WhiteOutDay.”???
Nooooooo! HUGE NO!
Whiteout happens literally every fuckin' day, 24/7, 365 days of the year, and Google is the PERFECT example of that by displaying their top results alone!
Also, what difference is #WhiteOutDay going to make?
“Make white people feel better in their own skin color? Show/Remind the world that beautiful white people exist?”
You got the whole world to make your white ass feel better about yourselves. You got the internet, the media, and advertisements to remind the world that whiteness is beauty; the lighter your skin tone, the better. But supposedly, you still need #WhiteOut to celebrate white beauty, right??
I'm done.
TORONTO – Nine per cent of Ontario's workforce is working for minimum wage — more than double what it was nearly a decade before, a new study shows.
The study released Tuesday by the Wellesley Institute, a policy research organization in Toronto, is based on Statistics Canada data from 2003 and 2011.
In 2003, 4.3 per cent of the province's workers earned minimum wage, the data show.
Certain population groups — such as women, recent immigrants and visible minority workers — were more likely to be working for minimum wage eight years later, according to the study.
More than 10 per cent of women worked for minimum wage in 2011, compared with 7.6 per cent of men, it said.
And while young people made up the bulk of minimum wageworkers in 2011, the data show nearly 40 per cent were 25 or older.
“Over the period between 2003 and 2011, a great deal has changed in the Ontario labour market,” the Wellesley Institute said in its report.
“An increase in the minimum wage will raise the floor for all Ontario employees,” the organization said.
“Since greater shares of recent immigrants and racialized Ontarians work for minimum wage, an increase in the minimum wage would contribute to closing those gaps,” it said.
It would also contribute to closing the wage gap between men and women, it said.
Minimum wage is $10.25 an hour in Ontario, on par with British Columbia.
In the remaining provinces and territories it ranges from $9.95 to $11.
Today, Microsoft announced that in collaboration with partners from the financial services industry including FS-ISAC and NACHA, The Electronic Payments Association, and Kyrus Tech, it has successfully taken action against cybercriminal operations that fuel a number of botnets powered by the notorious Zeus family of malware.
In what Microsoft is calling “Operation b71,” Microsoft and its co-plaintiffs, escorted by U.S. Marshals, seized command and control (C&C) servers in two hosting locations on March 23 in Scranton, Pennsylvania and Lombard, Illinois. The move, which Microsoft said was its “most complex effort to disrupt botnets to date,” was to seize and preserve data and evidence from the botnets to use in a case against multiple botnet operators. In addition to seizing the C&C servers, the group took down two IP addresses behind the Zeus command and control structure, and secured 800 domains that Microsoft is now monitoring and using to help identify computers infected by Zeus.
The operation is the second time Microsoft has conducted physical seizures in a botnet takedown operation, and is the first known time the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act has been applied as the legal basis in a consolidated civil case to charge all those responsible in the use of a botnet.
While the operation is a big win for the anti-cybercrime community, it does not mean that it's the end of Zeus and Zeus botnets. Microsoft noted that the goal of the actions was not to permanently shut down all impacted Zeus botnets, but it is expected to significantly impact the cybercriminals' operations and infrastructure, and help victims remove the malware from infected systems.
Microsoft said that with the intelligence gained from the operation, it would partner with Internet service providers (ISPs) and Community Emergency Response Teams around the world to help identify and rescue people's computers from the control of Zeus.
"With this action, we've disrupted a critical source of money-making for digital fraudsters and cyberthieves, while gaining important information to help identify those responsible and better protect victims," said Richard Boscovich, senior attorney for the Microsoft Digital Crimes Unit. "The Microsoft Digital Crimes Unit has long been working to combat cybercrime operations, and today is a particularly important strike against cybercrime that we expect will be felt across the criminal underground for a long time to come."
Microsoft said that since 2007, it has detected more than 13 million Zeus infections worldwide, including approximately 3 million computers in the United States.
According to Microsoft, the takedown operation was made possible following a pleading before the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York, which allowed Microsoft and its partners to conduct a coordinated seizure of command and control servers running some of the worst known Zeus botnets.
FS-ISAC and NACHA joined Microsoft as plaintiffs in the civil suit, and Kyrus Tech Inc. served as a declarant in the case. Other organizations, including F-Secure, provided supporting information for the case, Microsoft said.
"As crimes against banks and their customers move from stickups to mouse clicks, we're also using our own mouse clicks — as well as the law — to help protect consumers and businesses," said Greg Garcia, a spokesperson for the three major financial industry associations that worked with Microsoft on this initiative. "Disrupting the Zeus botnets is just one strike in our long-term commitment to help defend and protect people."
For businesses looking for more information about corporate account takeover issues, including those due to malicious software, a fraud advisory from FS-ISAC, the FBI and the U.S. Secret Service can be found here.
More information about today's news and the coordinated action against Zeus is available here.
Legal documentation in the case can be found at http://www.zeuslegalnotice.com/
Microsoft also provided the video below explaining the operation and showing some of the actions during the operation.
We have featured many large comics here on ZNN. But at 48 pages long, this just might be the largest we've ever featured.
Join agent Jack Savage and Skye on their first mission together, as they hunt down Dr. Martin Shepard, an evil genius with a bio-weapon that could destroy the world.
As a bit of a tangent, I love that Jack and Skye have found new life in the fandom, despite only existing (canonically) in concept art. And in another universe, they might have been the stars of Zootopia, rather than the bunny/fox pair we have. But this is our universe, and here, we can take the idea of these two and do whatever we want with it. Epic adventures await.
So sit back and get ready for an absolutely amazing comic. IttyBitty, you are an absolutely fantastic artist, and I look forward to seeing more of this comic in the future.
Check out the comic over on Tumblr, or after the break!
(JTA) — The son of slain Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin said Donald Trump's “ugly” campaign rhetoric is threatening American democracy and creating an atmosphere similar to the one in Israel leading up to their father's assassination.
In a USA Today op-ed on Sunday, Yuval Rabin wrote that the recent call by Trump to “Second Amendment people” is the same kind of “incitement” that “led to the murder” of their father in 1995.
“More than one commentator in Israel and the U.S. has pointed to the parallels between Israel in the 1990s and the U.S. today,” Rabin wrote, citing articles in Haaretz and The New York Times.
They added: “Trump has called Clinton ‘the devil,' claimed that the election might be ‘rigged,' denigrated religions and questioned the impartiality of the justice system.
“Intentional or not, the Republican presidential nominee is removing confidence in the democratic form of governance. If an election is seen as illegitimate, if those who supported a candidate are viewed as somehow lesser ‘Americans,' then it becomes acceptable — and even appropriate — to work outside the political system.”
Trump's comments last week — suggesting that gun-rights supporters could take action against Hillary Clinton if they “wants to abolish” the Second Amendment, or the right to bear arms — also prompted Connecticut Gov. Daniel Malloy to make the Rabin assassination comparison.
“I instantly thought about Rabin and Israel,” Malloy, a Democrat, said on MSNBC. “There were rallies going on in Israel where ‘Death to Rabin' was shouted and politicians didn't respond, so I'm going to respond.”
Rabin was shot and killed by a right-wing extremist, Yigal Amir, amid tensions over Rabin's push to make peace with the Palestinians.
Yuval Rabin went on to argue in their piece that Trump's words are “a threat to American democracy.”
“It is not my place to make this claim,” they wrote. “But I have been touched by political violence, and have witnessed the environment that led to at least one person to believe such violence was called for.”
Alright so the company that hosts the realm server had a drive fail on them recently. Usually this is not a big deal as they have a backup drive which takes over resulting in virtually no downtime (maybe a quick disconnect but nothing major). However their backup drive failed and they needed to setup new drives and install all of their customer's data back onto the drive from an older save.
It took them 3 and a half days to fix this issue. This is in part due to the rarity and difficulty of this issue and the fact that it happened on a weekend when support is minimal. I was very unhappy with this response time but the company has given us some reassuring words:
"As previously mentioned the event that both drives should fail is extremely rare but as part of this fix we have now put in place a disaster relief measure. If this was to ever happen again then we can reboot the whole server with one action. In addition, individual accounts are back up every 2 days as standard."
The problem is their backup was much older than 2 days which means all of our character data and the realm's backup data which were all up-to-date as of before the crash, got replaced by this older backup the company had. This means some accounts no longer exist and some characters have been severely rolled back. Now usually this wouldn't be a problem because we've recently setup a new backup system that saves player's characters on a different server so that in the event of something like this happening, I can still give everyone a fresh copy of their character. However today while downloading these backups I realized that not all chars were being backed up correctly. This is because the server reached such a high number of files in one folder that it stopped showing files past a certain amount. So the program which is in charge of comparing player's save files and determining which ones need a backup, was not scanning a portion of the files. We were not aware of this issue until all of this happened.
So while the main issue comes from our server provider, we also didn't have proper systems in place to reduce the damages. This has since been fixed. Our offsite backup system no longer suffers from this limitation and our service provider is keeping 2-day backups.
This was an absolute nightmare and I'm already looking forward to the ladder reset in about 1 month so we can put this all behind us. To apologize, the company has offered us 1 month free on the realm cost and a RAM upgrade on the machine. This combined with their new systems in place to prevent this from happening again assures me we are still in good hands. I was very upset with them but honestly this was their first error and they dealt with it well (albeit too slowly).
Thanks to everyone who has patiently waited.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.). (Matt McClain/The Washington Post)
Columnist
Sure, I want to be able to look my grandkids in the eye.
But I know that if I espouse that brave and controversial position, I will immediately face a primary challenge from the right.
I certainly don't favor lockstep allegiance to a creepy demagogue who appeals to the worst parts of our nature — is something I'd love to say, if I weren't afraid that saying it would put a huge target on my back.
Of course, I'd like nothing better than to be able to stand with Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) and Bob Corker (R-Liddle, Tenn.) and John McCain (R-Captured, Ariz.) and even former president George W. Bush (R-If George W. Bush Has Correctly Concluded That They Look Good by Comparison, Then … God Help Us) to say that reelection is not worth sacrificing our fundamental American values. But then I would be guaranteed a primary challenge from whatever ghoul Stephen K. Bannon has been nursing beneath their leathery wings, and we can't risk that.
So instead, I am saying… nothing. And throwing my support behind Roy Moore.
Grandchildren's eyes are overrated. They're just eyes. I can look into the eyes of other, unrelated children if I ever really feel the need to look into a child's eyes and get much the same effect.
I don't even need to be able to look at myself in a mirror, when it comes to that. I can just look at the red blinking eye of the Fox News camera as I say something like, “I think we need to stop opposing the president's agenda.”
I'd love to agree with Jeff Flake that rage is not a governing philosophy. But, you know, what if rage IS a governing philosophy? I don't want to be the one who says it isn't, given whose votes I've been courting lately.
At a certain point we have to ask, “Is this really cat food that we're putting out? Every cat we've fed it to has died, and the only thing that shows up reliably now are armadillos with strong negative feelings about immigration.” That is what I would say, if I didn't think that expressing such an opinion was political suicide.
“The fact that expressing this opinion is political suicide should make us all very worried.” I would say that too, but, again, you know, the fear.
There are things more valuable than reelection, but I don't remember what they are.
Maybe in the future no one will have eyes.
Lots of us have encountered this scene in the battlegrounds (BGs:) There's the Pally, let's start working on him. I'tll take awhile, but…. WTF!?! (appear at spirit healer)
About That Squishing Noise…
Yes, right now is the time of the Retribution Paladin. They're lean, mean, squishing machines laying waste to anyone who stands in their way. I don't play a Pally, my 40 is collecting dust right now, but I've been on the receiving end of a few of them in the BGs. It's not bad if I can land a dismantled and they don't bubble, but otherwise? I've never been slaughtered quite so quickly.
Not that I know what I'm doing, but sheesh.
I'm of two minds on this, especially for long time players. For ages Pallies have been underpowered in some areas and the subject of much complaining from their fans (and which class hasn't?) so it's kinda cool that they are now the destruction/murder machine of choice. On the other hand, since I play a Rogue… 😉
My kid has been playing Paladins and Warriors since the original beta, claims they are their favorite classes, and has complained about their damage and abilities for as long as he's been playing them. I tease them about being a masochist, since those are their classes of choice and their damage has traditionally been …lacking. I've also been kidding them about how they must hate the current situation with to Ret. Pally running roughshod over everything.
Word has it that in the Wrath of the Lich King beta test characters were balancedÂ for level 80, but that too little testing was done at the lower levels. The call from dead and envious players, since the 3.0 patch on the 14th, has been heard and the official word is that to nerf is coming (which will make my kid happy. I think. )
Supposedly to nerf is going to clip the burst damage, but will leave longer term DPS about the same. We'll see. Buffs and nerfs (and patches) usually have their fair share of unintended side-effects.
So What's the Word?
This post pretty much covers what the fuss is about:
Retribution Paladins: Fair and Balanced – So I tried my hand as a Retribution Paladin this weekend. I had heard all the complaints about how overpowered Retribution was at the moment, so I thought I would get some first-hand experience for myself. …
WoWinsider notes the the coming changes are aimed at PvP Paladins and will leave PvE pretty much (in theory) unchanged. It also has a Ret build for PvE types.Â I'm going to log into my rust coveredÂ Pally right now and playÂ with them for aÂ few.
Patch 3.0.2 primer for Retribution Paladins – Retribution deals so much pain that we've sent the rest of player base running to Ghostcrawler crying for a nerf. And we're getting nerfed. To the ground. Don't panic. The changes are really, mostly aimed at PvP Paladins — okay, …
Movie time – Pally testing from the 3.02 patch:
Mp 3.0.2 patch paladin retribution Overpowered ? – Category: PvP Summary: My paladin testing out patch 3.0.2 and retribution paladins are pretty overpowered. *…
Here's a good analysis of the Ret Paladin from Blessings of Kings:
Are Retribution Paladins Overpowered? – Half the challenge of playing a Ret paladin is actually getting to melee range. It's not like Retribution can Charge or Stealth or Death Grip. If a player lets a Ret paladin get in range, they have already lost half the battle. …
Zuggy (a hardcore PvPer) has some blue posts on Blizzard's thoughts about the incoming nerfs:
Retribution Paladin Nerfs Incoming – There's no denying that retribution paladins are insanely overpowered and fortunately (or unfortunately depending on…) to nerf stick was officially confirmed earlier this evening. While there are some needed changes to the class to …
And SpoonCraft has details on some of the specific nerfs:
Retribution Paladin Changes Coming Soon (Oct. 17th) – As I stated yesterday, we are happy with Retâ€™s PvE damage and sustatined damage in PvP, but were concerned that the burst damage in PvP could be too high. We discussed this for literally hours yesterday, which was certainly not the …
So what are your thoughts on the Retribution Pallies and their current or upcoming states?
Marvel Studios has a reputation of wrestling too much creative control out of the hands of its directors. Joss Whedon didn't come back for Avengers: Infinity War because of their creative differences with Marvel over Avengers: Age of Ultron and Patty Jenkins was one of the directors to abandon a Marvel project completely when they left Thor: The Dark World.
Guardians of the Galaxy was the weirdest entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe back in 2014, and since then projects have been getting more unique and bold like Ant-Man and Doctor Strange. Nancy Tapia attended a Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2 press junket for LRM, where the director of the film, James Gunn, was asked if they had more freedom for the even weirder sequel:
“The truth is, the great thing about working with, especially with Kevin [Feige], all of Marvel, but especially Kevin who I have an especially close bond with and who is incredibly important person in my relationship with film. They gave me complete freedom on both movies. On the first movie, I think I was a lot more timid, frankly. You know, I took my first draft in on the first film and I ran into Kevin and Joss Whedon was there and there was a lot of humor in there and I was afraid I was pushing the comedy, that it was too funny, and, you know, Kevin and Joss said “Yep, make it more James Gunn,” and I was like, “Okay, it's your funeral.” But people seem to like that, and so I thought I was, you know, I'm a little punk rock kid who, you know, likes sort of edgy stuff, and I thought what I liked may not be what the entire world likes. But I've come to trust that what I like is what works. And the great thing about working with Kevin is, we seem to be very much on the same page with what is, you know, what we like that's sort of popular and commercial and traditional. And what we like that's edgy and funny and different. So, yes, I had a lot more freedom on the second movie, but most of it, I feel like, was from myself. Just allowing myself to completely go there with story and not stop myself at any point from fear of alienating people. I wanted to be as true to the artistic vision, and especially as true to the characters as possible in this film.”
It's interesting to hear different opinions from various directors about their own interactions with Marvel Studios and the company's President, Kevin Feige. It does seem, from an outsider's perspective, like Marvel Studios is lessening their grip a little bit and letting the current crop of directors bring their own flair to Marvel films. The biggest takeaway from Gunn's response is that they themselves perhaps limited their freedom on the first film more than Marvel Studios did. Expect Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 and its sequel to be “more punk rock,” as Gunn continues to allow themselves the creative freedom they deserve.
Does it appear to you that Marvel is giving more creative freedom to filmmakers? Or is Gunn just towing the company line? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below!
Don't forget to share this post on your Facebook wall and with your Twitter followers! Just hit the buttons on the top of this page.
The film, which pokes fun at an avantgarde director who plans a comeback, was mainly held back by shifting movie rights and the resulting changes in creative priorities. No one agreed on how to finish it, to put it bluntly. Things didn't start truly moving until 2014, when Bogdanovich, Marshall and Rymsza bought the rights to the footage. While they didn't get very far with a crowdfunding campaign to finish the movie on their own terms, that's when Netflix came in to save the day.
There's no mention of a release date for Other Side, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Rymsza tells the New York Times that Netflix saves their team from having to rush the effort. And regardless of when the title comes out, it could prove to be a useful experiment for Netflix. Most of its larger deals for classic content involve reboots or follow-ups. This wouldn't just gauge the market for offering other big-name vintage movies -- it could raise the possibility of snapping up all kinds of productions that wouldn't otherwise get a second chance.
The majority of the most vulnerable countries are African and Small Island States.
Melbourne: Countries that emit the least amounts of greenhouse gases are ironically the most vulnerable to climate change effects such as increased frequency of natural disasters, changing habitats and human health impacts, a new study has found. Those countries emitting the highest amount of greenhouse gases are least vulnerable, researchers said. The study found that 20 of the 36 highest emitting countries - including US, Canada, Australia, China, and much of Western Europe - were least vulnerable.
Eleven of the 17 countries with low to moderate emissions were most vulnerable to climate change. Most were found in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia. The study by University of Queensland in Australia and the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) shows a dramatic global mismatch between nations producing the most greenhouse gases and the ones most vulnerable to the effects of climate change.
The majority of the most vulnerable countries are African and Small Island States. These countries are exposed to serious environmental change such as oceanic inundation or desertification, researchers said. They are also generally the least developed nations, having few resources available to cope with these issues.
"There is an enormous global inequality in which those countries most responsible for causing climate change are the least vulnerable to its effects," said lead author Glenn Althor of University of Queensland.
"It is time that this persistent and worsening climate inequity is resolved, and for the largest emitting countries to act," Althor said.
"This is like a non-smoker getting cancer from second-hand smoke, while the heavy smokers continue to puff away," said co-author James Watson of the University of Queensland and WCS.
"Essentially we are calling for the smokers to pay for the health care of the non-smokers they are directly harming," Watson said. The researchers said the finding acts as a disincentive for high-emitting "free-rider" countries to mitigate their emissions.
The number of acutely vulnerable countries will worsen by 2030 as climate change related pressures such as droughts, floods, biodiversity loss and disease mount, researchers said. The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports.
Click on Deccan Chronicle Technology and Science for the latest news and reviews. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter.
Mr. Jiang, a 35-year-old entrepreneur, has been focusing on sports marketing over the past 10 years and has successfully managed the marketing of a number of top Chinese brands in some of the world's top sports venues, including the Olympic Games, top European soccer leagues and the NBA. Recently, Mr. Jiang acquired a 98.13% interest in Granada CF, a Spanish soccer club in LIGA BBVA, and became the youngest person to be chairperson and controlling owner of a team in that league.
"As a passionate sports fan, I'm excited to become a part of the Timberwolves organization and honored to be the first Chinese citizen to have ownership in an NBA team," said Jiang. "My goal is to bring China and this great league closer, and build the team as the favorite team of NBA fans in China."
"I am extremely excited to welcome John to the Timberwolves and Lynx family," said Timberwolves and Lynx majority owner Glen Taylor. "John is not only an elite business person, but is also an extremely high quality person who our franchises are proud to be associated with moving forward. In addition, with John we have the first minority owner from China. John has shared their passion to grow the popularity of the Timberwolves and Lynx in China, which speaks to the global interest in not only our brand but the game of basketball as a whole."
FirsTrust China, Ltd. served as financial advisor to Jiang, Rita Hong of Allbright Law and Harvey Benjamin, former NBA Executive Counsel, represented Jiang as legal counsel.
(Lizhang Jiang is the president of desports.)
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160704/385898
SOURCE desports
In the wake of Jon Stewart‘s announcement that they will leave The Daily Show by the end of 2015, some of Fox's biggest names have taken the opportunity to bash them and revel in their exit. Fox's senior judicial analyst Judge Andrew Napolitano went the exact opposite way, however, heaping praise upon the comedian.
Writing for Reason magazine, Napolitano (an outspoken libertarian and former host of FBN's Freedom Watch) lamented the departure of a “comic genius,” fondly recalling their five big interviews with Stewart on Comedy Central.
“The on-air experience with Jon Stewart is unlike anything I do at Fox,” the judge wrote. “First, when you are Jon's guest, you are their only guest. Second, as the only guest, you are on the show for about 15 minutes. In TV time, and by Fox standards, 15 minutes as an on-air guest is an eternity. Third, Jon spends the first 15 minutes of the show bashing you or your ideas or your employer—and they did this to me all five times I was on with him.”
Despite that last point, Napolitano relished the opportunity to engage in a conversation with ideological opponents such as Stewart, especially because it presented a chance to show the comedian where libertarians and the left overlap:
I decided to push the envelope a bit. Before Jon could question me, I told them my purpose in coming on their show was to out them as a closet libertarian. “Go ahead, Your Honor. Give it a try. This is ridiculous.” OK, here goes… “Is it any of the government's business whom you marry or what you put into your body or to whom you speak on the phone?” “Of course not.” Good. “Should the U.S. be traveling the globe looking for monsters to slay?” “No; never.” Excellent. “Can the feds constitutionally capture the content of your phone calls and emails without a search warrant from a judge based on evidence about you?” “No.” Terrific. I should have stopped there, but I was having too much fun with America's funniest comedian. “Are you a secret admirer of Rand Paul?” OK. I blew it.
Fans of The Daily Show may recall Napolitano and Stewart's heated battle over the necessity of the Civil War to end American slavery, which included some hefty mockery from correspondent Jessica Williams.
Even that moment was remembered fondly by the judge: “It was hilarious,” they wrote.
And Napolitano also explained what they learned from an off-air friendship with Stewart:
We agreed more than we disagreed, and I learned what most of their fans do not know: Jon does not need to try to sound smart; they may be the smartest personality on television.  They are as well read in the works of those with whom they disagree as they are in the works of those who reinforce their own views.
“I was saddened when Jon announced their retirement last week,” Napolitano noted. “Jon is a comic genius… Agree with them or not, they are intellectually honest, sharp as a tack, and so warm and engaging that you just don't want your time with them to end.
“I hope mine doesn't,” they concluded.
Read the full column here.
[Full disclosure: Judge Napolitano and I were close colleagues at FBN and they officiated my wedding last year.]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Many organizations are about to make the move to Windows 7 and asking, should I skip 7 and go with 8? After some research, I have to say my personal answer is "definitely not". Here's why...
Windows Store apps can only be installed from the Windows Store. Only "Line of Business" (LOB) apps can be installed outside the Windows Store interface. To install an application without the Windows Store is called sideloading and is not supported for any Windows Store applications.
Devices that move between work and home cannot manage Windows Store access or enforce control over what apps may be installed (via AppLocker). Group Policy is required for such controls so the user must log in to a managed domain.
An IT administrator cannot manage application updates. The user must initiate all updates. You can use Group Policy to automatically download updates, but it cannot force installation (users must initiate updates).
Use of the Windows Store (and any apps you get from the Windows Store) requires a Windows Live (Microsoft) account. You can log in with an Active Directory (AD) account but will then be prompted for your Microsoft account whenever you run a Windows Store app. You can connect your AD account to your Microsoft account, but there does not appear to be an automated way to do so making it a manual process for every user.
Windows 8 RT is heavily reliant on Windows Store applications as it cannot run desktop applications (at least with Windows 8 on x86 you can use the start menu as a nice interface to launch business desktop applications)
It's not all bad though; on the plus side...
You can prohibit access to the Windows Store via Group Policy for specific machines or for specific users and groups.
While you cannot manage applications very effectively, you can customize the Windows 8 Start screen multiple ways (removing, moving and labeling time groups).
You can associate your Microsoft account with your Active Directory account so that you don't need to log in separately with your Microsoft account again in the future.
Other interesting information on Windows 8 app limitations…
Windows apps run with very limited user rights compared to their non-Windows 8 counterparts that run with standard user rights by default. Windows apps can access only those resources (files, registry keys, etc.) to which they have been explicitly granted access. This can introduce interesting scenarios where data files cannot be accessed by an application.
All application packages must be signed with a trusted signature.
I wonder if vendors selling business applications may attempt to do so as LOB applications instead of using the Windows Store in order to support sideloading.
The benefits of using a Microsoft account are great for consumers (Windows and application settings sync between other devices using the same account). However, for a corporate environment, deploying applications is considerably more complicated with some serious limitations. The drastic user interface changes will necessitate some training, but with a management shift that is so user-centric, the user will need to do more for themselves-- not just installing and updating applications but in most cases they will also have to be aware of two separate accounts (Microsoft and AD).
More control to the user, less to the admin. I suppose some users will be happy!
A man is fighting for their life with third degree burns over 90 per cent of their body after catching fire in a pornography shop.Police say the man had been watching adult videos in one of the Golden Gate Adult Superstore private booths in San Francisco when the fire ignited.He is said to have run screaming from the booth to outside the store engulfed in flames before they collapsed.A San Francisco Fire Department spokesperson said police officers across the street from the shop were alerted to the incident when they saw a man run out of it about 6pm on Wednesday.They managed to extinguish the flames before transporting them to St Francis Memorial Hospital's Bothin Burn Center.He is said to be fighting for their life after suffering burns ranging from first to third-degree to more than 90 percent of their body.
In an internal letter to investors, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said today that Uber is logging in 1 million daily rides in China. That's as many daily rides as the company claimed to be hitting in all of its markets, worldwide, in December 2014.
Encouraged its prospects in the country, Kalanick revealed the company intends to raise $1 billion specifically for its China operations.
The company also claims that trip volume in Chinese cities is growing at a much faster rate than New York City. Chengdu is logging 479 times as many trips as New York City was logging at the nine-month mark, and Hangzhou is logging 422 times as many trips. (Chengdu's population is 4.3 million and Hangzhou's 2.5 million, so this isn't a case of these cities being larger).
Uber is only in 11 cities in China, and this fast growth is likely due in part to a heavily promoted service called The People's Uber, in which Uber takes no commission from completed rides.
Using generous subsidies that can at times be more lucrative than ride revenue itself, the company has also lured thousands of drivers on to its pay-to-ride app. Kalanick said the company is creating 100,000 “new full time equivalent jobs per month” across China.
Uber has faced an uphill battle in China because of the scale of its main competitor, Didi Kuaidi. Backed by domestic giants Alibaba and Tencent, Didi Kuaidi's app is now available in over 300 cities across China. The company earned its ubiquity by piggybacking off of licensed taxis, but Uber went straight for the peer-to-peer model. Kalanick claims Uber is now winning.
“Despite this competitor's supposed advantage of a massive taxi user base, we are quickly becoming the share leader in P2P,” Kalanick wrote. “We believe we have close to 50% share in the non-taxi market and are, in fact, substantially larger in many of our key cities.”
Kalanick also accused competitors of paying taxi drivers to stage fake protests against Uber, and blocking its access to certain marketing channels on WeChat, which is owned by Tencent. Rival Chinese internet companies frequently block links to each others services, so that isn't surprising.
Beyond pressure from competitors, Uber is facing crackdowns from local authorities and driver fraud in China. These concerns could potentially be alleviated if Uber finds the right Chinese partners. Search giant Baidu made a strategic investment in Uber in December of 2014, a deal that some estimated to be worth $600 million.
Interestingly, Kalanick repeatedly refers to Uber in China as UberChina in the letter, and closes the note announcing an upcoming fundraising campaign for “UberChina” that will begin in 10 days. Much like how there are two internets, one global and one Chinese, it is possible we'll soon see two Ubers.
At GoGuardian we recently started revising our internal UI library. Part of this process was auditing each React component, and during this process I realized that this would be a good time to switch from using an icon font to SVGs.
One of my requirements was that when Design wanted to change which icons were used, that it would have the least possible interaction from me. Ideally I wanted to allow designers to send pull requests that add / remove individual SVGs from a folder, and have the only other step be to publish a new version to our private npm.
I searched online for a bit but didn't see any examples of anyone using quite the setup I desired, so here's to getting another approach out there!
Prerequisite
There are a few background knowledge assumptions that will be made in the interest of brevity and focus:
Knowledge of using Node & npm as a build system
Knowledge of React
Working knowledge of Webpack
Ye Olde Setup
To get a sense of where we are going, we must first know where we are. Let's take a look at what our starting icon setup looked like.
The Icons
All of the icons are handled black-box style by Design. They update stuff somehow, and eventually I get handed a new icon font & accompanying CSS to integrate.
Icon Component
As a developer consuming our lib, you import the Icon component from our library and do something like this:
<Icon value=”apple” className="your-custom-class" />
The value prop controls which icon is displayed, and the className prop is used to pass in a CSS class (that the user manages) to change the size/color/etc.
Here is what the Icon component looks like under the hood:
import React, {PropTypes} from 'react';
import classNames from 'classnames';
import style from '../../styles/_icons.scss';
export default function Icon (props) {
const {value, className, ...more} = props;
const iconClass = classNames(
style[value],
className
);
return (
<i
className={iconClass}
{...more}
/>
);
}
Icon.propTypes = {
className: PropTypes.string,
value: PropTypes.string.isRequired
};
We are using css-modules, so this line at the top is importing the css for all of the icons:
import style from '../../styles/_icons.scss';
The style object contains all the class names inside of _icons.scss, so we just can just use the keys to grab the right class. This also is handy in our documentation as we can just Object.keys(style).map() to display all of the available icons. No having to update docs every time something changes.
Object spreading all the unknown props into the more variable is to pass through all the other attributes a developer could want on the element:
const { value, className, …more } = props;
<i
className={iconClass}
{...more}
/>
The Upgrade
Let's step through our preliminary moves and then set up our new system.
The Icons
So if we're going to be switching from an icon font to SVGs then it seems the first task is to actually get the SVGs into the project.
After talking with Design I was able to get all the icons in SVG format. Here is an example of their structure:
<svg xmlns=”http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width=”24" height=”24" viewBox=”0 0 24 24">
<g stroke=”#000" stroke-linejoin=”round” stroke-miterlimit=”10" fill=”none”>
<path d=”M12 22.5c1.5 0 .5 1 3.5 1s6–6 6–10–2.5–7–5.5–7–3 1–4 1–1–1–4–1–5.5 3–5.5 7 3 10 6 10 2–1 3.5–1z”/>
<path stroke-linecap=”round” d=”M12 7.5v-2c0–1.1-.9–2–2–2h-2 "/>
<path d=”M14 5c2.485 0 4.5–2.014 4.5–4.5–2.485 0–4.5 2.016–4.5 4.5z”/>
</g>
</svg>
Now the main problem with the current setup is at the <svg> tag level. Previously with an icon font we were able to just set a font size with CSS and have the font be sized. Here the width & height are hard-coded so we'll have no such luck. We're going to pull out the <svg> tag from SVGs completely, leaving the above with this structure:
<g stroke-linejoin=”round” stroke-miterlimit=”10" fill=”none”>
<path d=”M12 22.5c1.5 0 .5 1 3.5 1s6–6 6–10–2.5–7–5.5–7–3 1–4 1–1–1–4–1–5.5 3–5.5 7 3 10 6 10 2–1 3.5–1z”/>
<path stroke-linecap=”round” d=”M12 7.5v-2c0–1.1-.9–2–2–2h-2 "/>
<path d=”M14 5c2.485 0 4.5–2.014 4.5–4.5–2.485 0–4.5 2.016–4.5 4.5z”/>
</g>
Infrastructure for Accessing the Icons
Now how will we get a list of all the SVGs anymore? We will no longer be using css-modules here because there is no CSS to reference (we only have the raw SVGs in a folder).
To accomplish this we'll make a new file called _getIcons that is going to handle getting this list:
let fileList = require.context('_style/icons', true, /[\s\S]*$/);
let dictionary = {};
fileList.keys().forEach(x => {
x = x.replace('./', '');
dictionary[x.replace('.svg', '')] = require(`_style/icons/${x}`);
});
export default dictionary
To read all of the files in the SVGs folder we're using something special that Webpack gives us, require.context(). This will give us all the relative paths to files in a folder that match a certain regex.
Then we make the dictionary object so that we can easily reference the SVGs by key. First we clean up the string so we just have the filename. Then we set the key to be the filename, and have the value be the inlined SVG. To get the SVG inline we'll use svg-inline-loader as a plugin for Webpack. After we npm install the package we'll need to add the new loader to the webpack config's loaders section (there's more to these sections, but they have been trimmed to focus on the important parts):
resolve: {
alias: {
'_style': path.join(__dirname, 'src/style')
}
},
module: {
loaders: [
{
test: /\.svg$/,
loader: 'svg-inline'
}
]
}
The other Webpack specific thing to note here is the alias for _style. This allows us to not have to do relative paths such as ../../style/icons, but rather lets us just import _style/icons from any folder.
Icon Component
Now that we can access the icons again, let's take a look at the updated Icon component:
import React, {PropTypes} from 'react';
import icons from './_getIcons';
import colors from '_style/colors';
export default function Icon (props) {
let {color, size, value, ...more} = props;
delete more.className;
delete more.style;
let divStyle = {
display: 'inline-block',
height: size,
width: size
};
let svgStyle = {};
if (value.includes('filled')) {
svgStyle.fill = color;
} else {
svgStyle.stroke = color;
}
return (
<div style={divStyle}>
<svg
{...more}
viewBox="0 0 24 24"
style={svgStyle}
dangerouslySetInnerHTML= { {__html: icons[value]} }
/>
</div>
);
}
Icon.propTypes = {
color: PropTypes.string,
size: PropTypes.number,
value: PropTypes.string.isRequired
};
Icon.defaultProps = {
color: colors.davysGray,
size: 24
};
Ok, let's dive into the changes!
To start we'll notice two new imports at the top:
import icons from './_getIcons';
import colors from '_style/colors';
The first is our new _getIcons function we just wrote. The second _style/colors is simply a large JSON object that contains hex color codes.
In this upgrade we're forcing consumers of Icon to style it via available props rather than via CSS. To support this we scrub any styling that the user may be trying to pass in:
delete more.className;
delete more.style;
Now that we're in SVG Land we now need to be concerned about whether our icons are hollow (stroke), or are filled in (fill). This distinction has been made in the filename by having -filled on the end for icons that are filled in:
let svgStyle = {};
if (value.includes('filled')) {
svgStyle.fill = color;
} else {
svgStyle.stroke = color;
}
To be able to set the sizing of the SVG, we're wrapping it in a <div> that will get the actual sizing. The SVG inside of it will then expand to fill the <div>. Initially I tried doing everything via width, height, and viewBox on the <svg> itself, but this proved to not work very well.
When we gutted all the SVGs for their <svg> tag, we did so to put it here:
<svg
{...more}
viewBox="0 0 24 24"
style={svgStyle}
dangerouslySetInnerHTML= { {__html: icons[value]} }
/>
We still apply any custom developer attributes via more, as long as they are not CSS-related. Visual consistency is kept by viewBox, which specifies offset and dimensions. Stroke color for the outline is specified by inlining the CSS via style.
We're Done Did It
All done!
This new system has all the functionality of our old system, and is much easier for Design to make tweaks on their own.
Want to go on some odysseys yourself? We're hiring.
Phone maker BlackBerry confirmed to Re/code on Friday that it has recently cut 200 jobs in both Sunrise, Fla., and at facilities in Canada.
However, the company characterized them as a “small number” in stark contrast to a Mobile Syrup report that suggested massive cuts, especially at the main office.
In a statement, BlackBerry said the cuts come as it continues its turnaround effort.
“This means finding new ways to enable us to capitalize on growth opportunities, while driving toward sustainable profitability across all parts of our business,” the company said. “As a result, a small number of employees have been impacted in Waterloo and Sunrise, Fla.”
The company later said that it made around 200 job cuts. It also confirmed that BBM founder and longtime employee Gary Klassen has left the company.
The Mobile Syrup report suggests that the BlackBerry 10 development effort has been hit particularly hard. BlackBerry recently introduced the Priv, its first Android phone, and executives suggested that if customers agree, that could represent its hardware future rather than its homegrown BlackBerry 10.
Update, 12:01 p.m.: Updated to include number of job cuts and other details.
Univision anchor and left-wing activist Jorge Ramos said DACA recipients will aggressively use an “in-your-face” protest strategy to demand change.
Speaking to CNN's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday evening after President Donald Trump's administration announced that it would wind down former President Barack Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) executive amnesty program, Ramos said that the DREAMers will “keep on fighting” but will be more confrontational than their parents, who “thought by being invisible, they could survive.”
“Now the DREAMers have a completely different strategy,” Ramos said. “They have an in-your-face strategy.”
DACA activists, some of whom were later arrested, protested in front of Trump Tower in New York, the White House, and Trump's hotel in Washington, DC, and Ramos referenced those Tuesday afternoon protests.
“You saw what happened in front of Trump Tower,” Ramos said, adding that DACA protesters shut down Fifth Avenue in New York.
They added that DACA activists “are going to do anything they can in order to … change things. They are not just going to wait.”
Ramos said they have been following the immigration issue since 2001 and does not see the “political will” for a broad amnesty bill in 2017 or 2018 in Congress, and that is why DACA, they said, will be one of the most important issues in the next presidential election.
Not only does Ramos support the DACA activists, but they have also urged other purportedly “objective” journalists to become activists to confront Trump. At least Ramos, unlike the phony CNN anchors and reporters who masquerade as “neutral” personalities, is open and honest about where they stand, which, in the end, makes them more authentic regardless of whether one agrees with their views.
Ramos spoke at UC Berkeley's Graduate School of Journalism's commencement ceremony earlier this year and told the graduates that “neutrality” is often not an option for reporters today, and journalists should not focus on just getting both sides of the story. They said when “faced with racism, discrimination, corruption, public lies, discrimination, and violation of human rights,” journalists should “take a stand.”
“You didn't come to Berkeley just to be a tape recorder,” Ramos said, adding that that type of journalism was “journalism as a selfie—you in front of the news.”
“Real journalism,” according to Ramos, has an “ethical” and “moral” component because it should also be a “public service.” They said it has “never been more important” than to be a journalist in Trump's America and those who will “make it” will be those who see journalism as a “mission.”
On Tuesday, DACA activists protested in the streets in places like New York and D.C., chanting “our streets” and telling Trump to “get out of the way.”
Outside Trump hotel in DC "Trump escucha, estamos en la lucha!" – listen up Trump, we are fighting #DACA #DREAMers pic.twitter.com/LYNGpqh19X — Rachel Stewart (@RachelStewart04) September 5, 2017
Around 40 #DACA dreamers were arrested today in front of Trump Tower blocking 5th Avenue, risking deportation. pic.twitter.com/O7VBUscRfw — Cival War Musketeer (@StopMotionsolo) September 5, 2017
Less than half hour after DACA announcement brave DREAMers shut down 5th Ave in front of Trump Tower #DefendDACA pic.twitter.com/Fsfy1ZFL1k — Rebecca Vilkomerson (@RVilkomerson) September 5, 2017
#DACA recipients and supporters have pretty much shut down 12th Street. Chanting "Whose streets? Our streets!" pic.twitter.com/55PwTaXmVc — Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) September 5, 2017
Hundreds gathered at Trump Tower for protest against #DACA repeal, chanting "We stand with dreamers." #Dreamers pic.twitter.com/aOchQpZcrg — Max Zahn (@MaxZahn_) September 5, 2017
Arrests outside Trump Tower as DACA supporters & Dreamers start march to Foley Square. From upsidewalkdown's IG. https://t.co/UtNtYr1HZD pic.twitter.com/Lohna6aks3 — Aaron Stewart-Ahn (@somebadideas) September 5, 2017
'Dreamers' occupy Trump Tower in protest of DACA dismantling https://t.co/KmLJ8UkHef pic.twitter.com/tKIhWxo5wx — Blavity News (@Blavity) September 5, 2017
Huge crowd marching to #DefendDACA from Trump Hotel to Trump Tower in NYC #dreamers pic.twitter.com/6fopDfExDi — Anna Brower (@ab2788) August 30, 2017
Out at Trump Tower now. No! In the Name of Humanity– We Refuse to Accept A Fascist America. DREAMERS MUST #DefendDACA #SinDACASinMiedo pic.twitter.com/IUXkViVej6 — #TrumpPenceMustGo (@RefuseFascism) September 5, 2017
3. June 24
This is the best day to view Mercury, the smallest of the planets, when it will be at its highest point above the horizon in the morning sky, but you'll have to get up early to do it. Look for Mercury low in the eastern sky just before sunrise.
4. June 30
Shortly after sunset, in the west-southwest sky, Venus and Jupiter, will be strikingly close together to form a brilliant double planet. Look to the west for this eye-catching sight just after sunset.
5. July 28
The peak of the Delta Aquarids Meteor Shower occurs tonight, with up to 20 meteors per hour. Find a dark location just after midnight and look east for the best viewing.
6. July 31
Once in a blue moon, you can see a blue moon, but not literally. July saw its first full moon on July 2. When one month has two full moons, the second one is known as a blue moon. The next "blue moon" won't happen until 2018, a year with two blue moons.
7. August 12
The Perseids Meteor Shower is one of the best to observe, producing up to 60 meteors per hour at its peak tonight. The thin crescent moon tonight will make viewing exceptional due to the dark sky. Look to the northeast after midnight.
8. August 29
It's a bird… it's a plane… no, its Supermoon! The full moon tonight occurs when the moon is at its closest approach to Earth causing it to look slightly larger and brighter than usual. This is the first of three supermoons this year.
9. September 1
Get a load of Neptune! The giant blue planet will be at its closest approach to Earth and at its brightest tonight. It will be visible from 10:30 p.m. and reach its highest point in the sky around midnight. Unfortunately, it's so far away you need a telescope to see it.
10. September 4
If you missed Mercury early in the summer, here's another chance at seeing the planet closest to the sun and you won't have to get up early to do it. Tonight, Mercury reaches its highest point above the horizon in the evening sky. Look for Mercury low in the western sky just after sunset.
“I would never encourage them or push them or even recommend them to initiate any type of carbon tax,” Cramer said in an interview. ADVERTISEMENT Cramer spoke to The Hill after a published report said they were advising Trump to endorse a carbon tax. A similar story based on that report appeared on The Hill's website. Cramer told E&E Daily that they are working on a number of white papers regarding policy recommendations to Trump. The North Dakota lawmaker has in the past floated a small fee for carbon emissions as a way to pay for research and development to make fossil fuels cleaner. However, they insisted in the interview that this would not represent a carbon tax. They also told The Hill that they won't recommend that Trump endorse a carbon tax. Cramer is an outspoken climate change skeptic and supporter of the oil, natural gas and coal industries, owing in part to North Dakota's position as a heavy oil and gas producer.
In the interview with The Hill, Cramer acknowedged some want to see action on climate change, but they suggested that the government must do nothing to hurt the U.S. oil and gas industry.
“The American public wants to see something done on climate change. But we don't have to throw oil and gas and coal and fossil fuels under the bus to do that," they said. In the interview with E&E, Cramer, who described themselves as a skeptic of climate change being caused by man, suggested the American public does want to see something done on the issue. “But my advice would be, while I'm a skeptic, as well, they are a product of political populism, and political populism believes that there needs [to be] some addressing of climate change," they said.
Cramer said research and development are the key to making fossil fuels cleaner, not regulations like the Obama administration's Clean Power Plan, which they will relay to Trump.
“I've been skeptical, but I don't resist the reality that we're heading toward or our goal is a more carbon-constrained world,” Cramer told E&E.
“I would still tell him, ‘Yeah, we need to stop and repeal the Clean Power Plan,'” they continued. “If in fact they want a more carbon-restrained energy policy, they ought to work with real scientists and work with Congress to come up with a better one.”
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story included incorrect information. It has been updated to reflect changes and the Cramer interview.
When you orbit the Earth at 17,000 miles an hour, time accelerates and phenomena shrink. The sun rises every 90 minutes. Pacific Ocean clouds branch and narrow in stratospheric fractals. Over the Sahara, you can spot where the wind, squeezed through mountain gaps, carves thousand-mile-long sine curves in the sand.
“When you get up there and you first see the Earth, of course it's beautiful,” says Richard Garriott, the sixth tourist to travel to the International Space Station and the creator of the massively successful Ultima gaming franchise. “But it's not life-changingly beautiful.”
That's a big admission from Garriott, who spent tens of millions of dollars, underwent risky surgery to slice out a liver malformation, and negotiated their way onto a Russian Soyuz rocket to follow in their astronaut father's footsteps. Garriott recalls seeing tectonic seams, the cottony white exhalations of the Amazon, and the Mississippi bleeding into the Gulf of Mexico. But they don't remember feeling anything truly exceptional until Texas swung past their pressure-treated cupola window.
“It was like being in a movie where they will show the actor in a hallway, and they dilate the camera back but they'll zoom the lens in so it looks like a hallway is collapsing around the actor even though the actor doesn't change size,” they say. “That was exactly the physical reaction I had.”
That could have been that and it would have been enough. But the view of familiar Austin, and the scraped landscape of the planet he'd just orbited 100 times, was more than a vantage and less than unique. Garriott was experiencing a cosmonautic phenomenon called “The Overview Effect,” a profound sense of kinship and magnanimity astronauts have been talking about since Apollo 8's Earthrise. Garriott changed. When they got back to Earth, they sold their SUVs, bought solar panels, and ended up getting themselves inducted into Austin's Environmental Hall of Fame.
With the age of space tourism on the horizon and the age of income inequality already in full swing, the Overview Effect has never been more relevant or held more promise. Garriott thinks looking down changed them and that it will change others. He's not alone. A vanguard of top-down thinkers are banking that the next populist movement may head in a surprising direction: straight up.
“If even a fraction of one percent of the human population had a similar experience,” says Garriott, “I think it would radically transform public opinion.”
A writer named Frank White popularized the term in their 1987 book The Overview Effect: Space Exploration and Human Evolution. To make their case that a different sort of shift in consciousness was looming, White combed through the records of a few hundred astronaut debriefings and interviewed several dozen spacefarers in person. Their testimonies jolted them toward a singular conclusion: Astronauts who saw Earth from space spoke about the planet differently when they returned.
They told them that, at 250 miles up, the atmosphere is paper thin. The Earth doesn't fill your field of vision, but you can see in astonishing detail. Below you, nature — wind, erosion, forests, mountains — displays utter disregard for borders. Devoid of political fictions, the land itself renders conflict over it ridiculous. It's not that the world is big, it's that, within the context of space, it's mind-bogglingly small. And it's the emptiness of space that makes astronauts so willing, so eager, to make minor compromises, to install solar panels, ration water, and drive electric cars. They know the alternative is vast and silent.
Poetic as it might be, the Overview Effect didn't catch on with the public. The first run of The Overview Effect sold less than 10 thousand copies. It was rarely cited by psychologists over the following two decades.
But times have changed and so has NASA's relationship with YouTube, which may do more to change attitudes about the Overview Effect than scientific consensus ever could. The Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield, of zero-g Space Oddity fame, returned to their homeworld and used their YouTube fame to call for conservation, asking people to treat the planet with the same care as we do the delicate ISS. Dutch astronaut Wubbo Ockels, dying of renal cancer in a hospital bed, took to YouTube to extol humankind to do better: “In space you see you have the only one. The only planet. You have no spare.” Over 240,000 people saw their video, which is to say nothing of the millions that have watched satellite footage of the planet — or played around in Google Earth.
It's no wonder then that George T. Whitesides, CEO of Virgin Galactic, a company that spent years almost scrupulously avoiding broaching the subject of psychological fallout from space travel, started extolling the Overview Effect more and more this year. It's beginning to sound legitimate.
Using new tools to put the Overview Effect on the clinical side of the scientific-spiritual divide is a key mission of the Overview Institute, a seven-year-old organization that now counts both Whitesides and Garriott as members. It hasn't been easy, largely because of the pre-packaged narratives about space travel. A few of the first astronauts to describe the Overview Effect framed it in terms of a metaphysical epiphany. “These guys were having some kind of profound experience, says David Beaver, a founding member of the Overview Institute. Those pull quotes became color for journalists eager to treat American astronauts as relatable heroes and less eager to address the fact that they were, on some level, lab rats. As for the astronauts, they were coming out of the military or MIT or both. They weren't adept at talking about their feelings.
Early metaphysical chatter made the Overview Effect a tough sell among the science-minded. “Could you imagine going before Congress or a venture capitalist and saying space can induce a spiritual experience?” Beaver asks.
White and Beaver have been active recruiters. Today, the Insititute's membership includes Space Frontier Foundation founder Rick Tumlinson, and University of Pennsylvania neuroscientist Dr. Andrew Newberg. Newberg is a pioneer in the realm of neurotheology, using brain imaging techniques to assess cerebral activity during prayer and meditation. Neurology can't prove a higher power exists, of course, but Newberg has shown that our brains act differently when we're thinking spiritually.
“I don't want to get mystical on this,” Beaver says, adding that the personal change he's describing is actually fairly minor, nothing more or less than “the picture of the world in your head.” They think that as the number of people with a clear image of their homeworld grows, that the world will benefit. Beaver wants people to go to space.
And then, critically, they want them to come back.
For the Overview Effect to affect the masses, more people will have to see the world from on high. White invokes the 20-percent marker of innovation theory, which states that a change to a fifth of a population ripples into the whole. But that is, frankly, unrealistic. More than 1,400,000,000 people are not going to space — at least not anytime soon. That's where Ryan Holmes comes in.
The founder of SpaceVr, Holmes plans to take the view from the International Space Station and put it inside your future Oculus Rift. Their more immediate goal is to raise $100,000 on Kickstarter to send a 360-degree VR camera up with the ISS. The expenses are very real — the kit must withstand a null-g kick from an astronaut — and so is their humanitarian ambition. They want to offer a cheaper alternative to Garriott's Space Adventures experience, which aims to offer the genuine experience for a over a million dollars.
What makes the view from SpaceVr different from Google Earth? It's a bit tougher to transverse Google Earth at 5 miles a second. And virtual reality is the most immersive visual technology we've got: A VR moon landing simulator, for instance, brought this space-loving dad to tears. “The immersive feeling of it definitely changes the experience,” Holmes says. “Your brain thinks you were there.”
Fittingly, it was a documentary produced by the Overview Institute that inspired Holmes to create SpaceVR. The lasting effects of space travel — the shift in worldview — is what they want to capture. “If we could bring that to the world,” they say, “it would be a better place to live.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
But virtual reality can get us only so far. White believes that zero-gravity plays a role in the euphoric feelings of the Overview Effect. And the thing about Garriott's world-shifting view of Texas was that it came in planet-sized context. “The problem with the Overview Effect is you need all those pieces,” Garriott says, referring to the context that served as a preamble to their vision of Austin. You need to see the quilts of farmland, the jungles slashed and burned, humanity stamped across the face of the world as if stuck by an all-powerful philatelist. In that view, suborbital flights — which offer weightlessness but don't give you the same vantage as the ISS — could only work in tandem with VR and vice versa.
Would Richard Garriott have become environmentally active if they hadn't gone to space in a Soyuz TMA-13? They acknowledge that it's possible, but they don't think so. “There's no question, I would not have nearly been so inspired,” they say, adding, “I would imagine.”
The bit of doubt remains, but that seed of distrust may further illustrate a consistency of experience. White and Beaver noted similar sentiments among other astronauts surprised by their newfound activism. Astronauts have been standing behind environmental and humanitarian causes since John Glenn became a senator, but the results of the efforts of this small community can be hard to see. Having a rocket doesn't mean having a soap box as well.
But the next generation of space travelers won't have publicity problems. Justin Bieber, Brad Pitt, and Katy Perry are rumored to be among the 700 or so people signed up to fly with Virgin Galactic. The power of an environmentally minded celebrity can't be underestimated — Leonardo DiCaprio's foundation raised $40 million so far in 2015 to protect rare ecosystems and endangered species. Yao Ming almost single-handedly killed the cachet of shark fin soup in China.
No, you won't be seeing a lot of basketball players headed to space — it's a logistical nightmare — but the extremely upwardly mobile will definitely be major players in other fields. They will (not to put too fine a point on it) be rich. Virgin plans to sell six hours for about $250,000, which significantly limits their client pool. Garriott's wife Laetitia, the president of Escape Dynamics, is hard at work devising a way to to work with reusable rockets to bring the price point on a full orbital experience beneath $10 million. That's considered extremely low.
The number of potential space tourists — people with astronomical disposable income or personal wealth — is actually growing. As has been bemoaned by many a Democratic candidate, the top one percent is rapidly distancing itself from the rest of the country. Whether or not you believe this concentrated wealth is a social problem, it does put a significant onus on a small proportion of the population to show leadership through spending. And that small percentage isn't doing that in a meaningful way. The wealthiest Americans currently donate proportionally less of their income to charity and send many of the biggest donations to private universities like Harvard. If trends continue — and that's what trends are supposed to do — the richest one percent could own half the world's wealth as soon as next year. What that gives us is a subclass of demigods.
What will they see when they look down from on high?
The answer to that question comes courtesy of Nobel Prize-winning economist Joseph Stiglitz, who noted in 2013 that economic inequality and environmental sustainability are inextricably linked. And, yes, that linkage is easy to spot from space.
Global warming stands to hit the poorest nations hardest, particularly those located around the tropics. Even within countries, pollution disproportionately impacts lower-income communities; a 2012 study found that a 10 percent increase in the proportion of unemployed individuals in a population was linked to 20 percent higher exposure of carbon and vanadium particulate matter. Clouds of carbon and eroding deltas spin by under the all-seeing eyes of space stations. The link between class and land becomes absolutely clear and so does this truth: To help the Earth is to help the people who live on it.
“Corporate and entrepreneurial leaders can move that bar in a generally good direction,” says Garriott. “I would expect.”
If you were to peel off your skull to reveal your brain's cerebral cortex, you'd have to chip away at a good 30 to 40 percent of your head to expose the area involved with visual processing. We are visual creatures. And the power of the Overview Effect would seem to be derived from its being fundamentally visual as well. The fact that looking down can be an emotional experience may simply disguise the fact that it's an intellectual one: The view allows the simple image-oriented brain to grasp the concept of “Earth.”
It may not be important that the man on the street grasp our planet's puniness or delicacy, but it is important that leaders — both elected and not — do. And this may strike the most astonishing possibility the Overview Effect presents: The chance to weaponize space as an instrument of conscience. What would Donald Trump think of seeing one of their desert-bound golf courses from 250 miles up? What would Jeb Bush think of climate change looking at the Florida coast? What would the Pope make of the voyage?
When the first astronauts returned from space, humanity was eager to know what they had learned about the stars. Perhaps we should have been asking what they learned about Earth. Perhaps there's still a chance to share those lessons with people like Garriott, people with the means to act on a global scale.
Latest Bill
Latest news on the Terms of Withdrawal from EU (Referendum) Bill 2017-19
Bill to be read a second time on Friday 15 March 2019.
Order for second reading debate on Friday 15 June 2018, read and discharged.
This Bill was presented to Parliament on Wednesday 6 September 2017. This is known as the first reading and there was no debate on the Bill at this stage.
This Bill is a Private Member's Bill. If you wish to know more about this bill please contact its sponsor, Geraint Davies.
Summary of the Terms of Withdrawal from EU (Referendum) Bill 2017-19
A Bill to require the holding of a referendum to endorse the United Kingdom and Gibraltar exit package proposed by HM Government for withdrawal from the EU, or to decide to remain a member, following the completion of formal exit negotiations; and for connected purposes.
The lawsuit was filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Jack Thompson
A long-time critic of the video game industry has sued Facebook for US$40 million, saying that the social networking site harmed them by not removing angry postings made by Facebook gamers.
The lawsuit was filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida by Jack Thompson.
Thompson is best know for bringing suit against Grand Theft Auto's Take Two Interactive, Sony Computer Entertainment America, and Wal-Mart, arguing that the game caused violent behavior. In 2005 episode of CBS's 60 Minutes, Thompson likened the popular video game to a "murder simulator" and blamed it for the 2003 shooting deaths of two police officers and a 911 dispatcher in Fayette, Alabama.
That suit was eventually dismissed, and Thompson's critics accuse them of being a frivolous litigator. Last year they were ordered permanently disbarred by the Florida Supreme Court, which said they had made "abusive and frivolous filings."
None of these activities has made them many friends on Facebook, where there are literally hundreds of groups -- most with just a handful of members -- dedicated to him. The less-offensive sounding ones have names such as I Hate Jack Thompson, Stop Jack Thompson, and Disbar Jack Thompson.
But Thompson says that some of the posts are dangerous and have caused them "great harm and distress."
For example, they cite the group Jack Thompson should be smacked across the face with an Atari 2600 in their lawsuit.
Another link -- now apparently removed from Facebook -- reads: "I will pay $50 to anyone who punches Jack Thompson in the face. If someone can get a video clip of themselves punching Jack Thompson in the face I'll PayPal them $50."
In their court filing, Thompson says he's been harassed ever since the 60 Minutes episode. Their house has been shot at, their car vandalized, and he's had "sex aid devices sent to their home." At night, they have to take their phone off the hook to keep from being awakened by angry callers.
Citing Facebook's recent decision to remove a poll asking if U.S. President Barack Obama should be shot, Thompson demands the same treatment for their detractors in the lawsuit. "Unlike our President, Thompson does not have the Secret Service to protect him," they write.
Thompson's suit has little chance of success, according to Parry Aftab, a cyber-law attorney who is Executive director of Wiredsafety.org, a cyber safety and help group.That's because the U.S. Communications Decency Act makes it clear that companies like Facebook have no liability for what people do with their services. "They are no more liable than the phone company would be for anyone who is calling in a ransom demand," they said.
Hand in Paw, the Birmingham animal-assisted therapy organization, is about to certify a pair of goats, Flanders and Clarine, as therapy animals. And soon, Hand in Paw will have a Pig as well.
Pig, the unusual dog owned by Kim Dillenbeck, a Helena contractor, visited Hand in Paw's new headquarters today, and the staff, led by executive director Laura Cardwell, gathered for the meet and greet.
See, that's how it is when Pig goes out. They attract crowds with their unusual appearance. Them story has gone viral, and they have become a world-wide sensation. Pig loves the attention and hardly knows a stranger.
A first question to Cardwell this morning: Will Pig be a Hand in Paw therapy animal?
"Yes, without a doubt," Cardwell said. Then they immediately talked about where Pig could help -- and it's not a short list.
Hand in Paw's
and
first came to Cardwell's mind. According to the Hand in Paw website, Pawsitive Living
is "an
Kim Dillenbeck, holding Pig, along with Laura Cardwell, executive director of Hand in Paw Animal Assisted Therapy.
innovative 12-week program that teaches compassion and anger management to at-risk children and youth." The website describes No More Bullies as a program that "gives children the skill set to solve problems in a loving, caring and productive way for all involved and the courage to stand up for themselves and those who are weaker."
Pig would be a great fit because they are overcoming their own special problems and challenges and living life to the fullest.
Cardwell said Pig will also be a super at Children's Hospital, the Bell Center and the Exceptional Foundation.
Animals
About the writer
Read more
"Anytime you can get animals people have empathy for, that's good," Cardwell said. "This dog is going to be an ambassador to people who have special needs."
Dillenbeck said Pig rarely gets negative comments from people, despite their odd appearance. Pig's Facebook page, "Pig the Unusual Dog," launched just two weeks ago and already has more than 12,000 likes, as of this afternoon.
Dillenbeck said the most negative comment they hear is about Pig's name. But as Dillenbeck points out, when Pig was tiny, they looked like a little pig. Besides, Dillenbeck said, "I couldn't change their name; they already knew their name."
While Dillenbeck has been gracious in sharing Pig with the public, "she's a little tentative with touching. They aren't really touchy-feely."
Still, all the while at Hand in Paw this morning, Pig kept going from person to person, rubbing against their legs and begging for treats.
Since Pig is limited in movement, she'll receive special consideration for training. Cardwell hopes Pig's handlers will be able to go through training in the fall, with Pig officially joining Hand in Paw as a volunteer shortly thereafter.
"She's so sweet with people," Cardwell said. "You're really drawn to their face and smile. This dog is going to be very important to people."
"Oh my goodness, Weiss! i'm so sorry, i didn't realize-!"
Pyrrha continued fussing as they lifted JJ, still making burbling noises and looking quite ill, from their stunned friend's arms.
Weiss remained frozen, blinking through the bile that covered their face, their arms still upraised.
"Oh my God, ah, JAUNE! Jaune, get some towels!" Pyrrha tittered as they tried to wipe JJ's mouth clean "Oh Goodness, Weiss, i don't know how this happened! they were fine after they ate their breakfast!"
Neither of the women noticed the two girls standing in the far corner of the room.
"what are you GIGGLING about?!" Bianca shouted as Lia, desperately trying not to laugh aloud, covered their mouth with their hands, "Your baby brother just BARFED all over my mom! I knew giving them those cookies was a bad idea!"
[=]
I think a bit of lightheartedness is in order.
We all know the basics—strong passwords, two-factor authentication, and so on. However, the most recent security and privacy breaches have had less to do with bad passwords and more to do with social engineering. Let's look at what that is, why it can happen without you knowing, and how you can protect yourself.
How Social Engineering Works (and Why You May Never Know You're a Target)
Strictly, social engineering is a technique to get around security systems—or any type of system—not by breaking through it or exploiting vulnerabilities in the system itself, but to exploit vulnerabilities in the humans around the system. Instead of breaking in or cracking a password, you convince a tech support agent to reset the password and give it to you, for example, or you trick a system into thinking you're an authorized user through some logical means using information you have available.
Advertisement
We've actually shown you some examples of this before. When we talked about how to convince someone you work in their building, that's technically social engineering (although it was for a mostly good cause.) Getting into parties and clubs without an invitation? Same deal.
At its heart, social engineering is an essential form of hacking—it works around or outside existing systems to obtain a desired result. And just as it can be used for innocent fun, it can also be used to steal identities, violate people's privacy, and cause serious harm. Just ask Mat Honan, who had their identity stolen a few years ago thanks to a little clever social engineering of support reps at Apple and Amazon. Now, we're seeing it again, no thanks to the celebrity photos leaked and lurking around the internet, obtained by social engineering, not brute force cracking or sloppy security. In this case, the intruders likely used known information to defeat security prompts, reset passwords, and obtain access to otherwise secured information. And the most interesting (and scariest) part is that this kind of social engineering is relatively easy given a little research into your target.
Advertisement
Most people think that social engineering involves engineering the target, and convincing them to give up useful information. That's one way to do it, but it's not the only way. In fact, the most successful methods involve never letting your target know until it's too late. Don't get us wrong, hackers and data thieves are still interested in your passwords, it's just that in order to get at your data, there are far more effective ways to do it than trying to brute force your Google account.
Why You Should Pay Attention to Social Engineering Attacks
Advertisement
Like we mentioned above, passwords are passe. You've probably already read our myriad guides to password security. You know to enable two-factor authentication wherever possible (including Linkedin). You know you should be using a password manager, know how to audit your passwords, and know password managers are still your best option even if they appear to be a single point of failure. If you're the type to make a password "password" or "123456," then you know who you are, and you know you should do better, but for one reason or another, you haven't.
Password security and two-factor authentication have been driven into almost all of us. There are plenty more people who need to get on board, to be sure, but it's covered territory. Plus, even though passwords are easier to obtain and crack than ever, most hackers aren't interested in just passwords anymore. Remember the 1+ billion passwords a Russian gang picked up last month? Most of those identities are being used for spam, if they're being used at all. That's because identities—account usernames and passwords—are only as good as the information they store or have access to, and most malicious hackers are looking for targets with valuable information they can use, exploit, or sell.
Advertisement
Selecting a high-value target and using more advanced methods to get their data is a better use of an intruder's time. Given how well it works and how easy it is, that makes us all targets. The illusion that the average joe "doesn't have anything valuable" quickly diminishes as it gets easier and easier to use automated tools and social engineering to get access to your data.
How to Protect Yourself from Social Engineering Attacks
Advertisement
If we haven't established yet how easy it is to use social engineering to obtain information, this piece at The Washington Post explains how easy it is to hack someone's iCloud security questions—which is likely how some (but not all) of the asupervisorstioned celebrity photos were obtained. Similarly, David Pogue posted their take at Yahoo, where they also debunked some common reactions to the whole affair. So, aside from teaching people not to be horrible jerks who violate each other's privacy and expose personal, private information to the world, what can we do to protect ourselves against social engineering attacks?
Obviously, never give out confidential information . We went into this in detail in our old guide to social engineering attacks. While that post focused on protecting yourself from being engineered, it applies here too. A malicious hacker is less likely these days to pose as a friend of yours on Facebook (although honestly, you really shouldn't friend anyone who sends you a request) or call you pretending to be from your bank, but that doesn't mean you can toss around information they could intercept and used to call your bank pretending to be you.
. We went into this in detail in our old guide to social engineering attacks. While that post focused on protecting yourself from being engineered, it applies here too. A malicious hacker is less likely these days to pose as a friend of yours on Facebook (although honestly, you really shouldn't friend anyone who sends you a request) or call you pretending to be from your bank, but that doesn't mean you can toss around information they could intercept and used to call your bank pretending to be you. Safeguard even inconsequential information about yourself . Security questions in particular are usually easy to defeat because they're systemically flawed. Users will want to pick questions that are easy to remember answers to, but that usually means they pick the questions easiest for an intruder to decipher, like "Where were you born?" or "What city did you go to high school in?" If you have to use security questions, be very careful with the information they request, and use the most obscure, nuanced questions available. You can always make a secure note in your password manager or an encrypted text file with the answers if you're afraid you'll forget them.
. Security questions in particular are usually easy to defeat because they're systemically flawed. Users will want to pick questions that are easy to remember answers to, but that usually means they pick the questions easiest for an intruder to decipher, like "Where were you born?" or "What city did you go to high school in?" If you have to use security questions, be very careful with the information they request, and use the most obscure, nuanced questions available. You can always make a secure note in your password manager or an encrypted text file with the answers if you're afraid you'll forget them. Lie to security questions, and remember your lies . You could just outright lie, and say you were born in Cincinnati when you were actually born in Little Rock, but you'll have to remember that lie. Alternatively, you could make up your own questions and use those answers instead, so when you're asked "What's your best friend's first name," put down your pet's name instead. Again, it's tougher on your memory, but it's much more secure, and unlikely to be defeated by an intruder who's banking on your honesty.
. You could just outright lie, and say you were born in Cincinnati when you were actually born in Little Rock, but you'll have to remember that lie. Alternatively, you could make up your own questions and use those answers instead, so when you're asked "What's your best friend's first name," put down your pet's name instead. Again, it's tougher on your memory, but it's much more secure, and unlikely to be defeated by an intruder who's banking on your honesty. View every password reset email with skepticism . Even the ones that say things like "If you didn't request this, you don't need to do anything." I've found people hammering old accounts I used to have with password reset requests not because they think my account is theirs, but in the hopes they'll get a different kind of prompt eventually so they can hijack the account. They know I'm notified every time they try to reset the password, but they're betting on me not doing anything. Contact support for the service in question and let them know. The best services can freeze reset requests for your account, or will send you over to their abuse or security team who can investigate the source of the attack.
. Even the ones that say things like "If you didn't request this, you don't need to do anything." I've found people hammering old accounts I used to have with password reset requests not because they think my account is theirs, but in the hopes they'll get a different kind of prompt eventually so they can hijack the account. They know I'm notified every time they try to reset the password, but they're betting on me not doing anything. Contact support for the service in question and let them know. The best services can freeze reset requests for your account, or will send you over to their abuse or security team who can investigate the source of the attack. Watch your accounts and account activity . This is in the same vein as keeping an eye out for password requests, but there's nothing wrong with checking your Google Dashboard to see what's connected to your account and where you're logged in (you can even get monthly reminders to check your activity.) Do the same with all of your sensitive accounts—every cloud storage service, social network, and email provider has some dashboard where you can see where you're logged in and what apps or tools are connected. Watch your financial accounts too—you can log into them individually or use a service like Mint or Personal Capital to get a bird's eye view of everything. As for your credit, we've shown you how to monitor that for free on your own as well.
. This is in the same vein as keeping an eye out for password requests, but there's nothing wrong with checking your Google Dashboard to see what's connected to your account and where you're logged in (you can even get monthly reminders to check your activity.) Do the same with all of your sensitive accounts—every cloud storage service, social network, and email provider has some dashboard where you can see where you're logged in and what apps or tools are connected. Watch your financial accounts too—you can log into them individually or use a service like Mint or Personal Capital to get a bird's eye view of everything. As for your credit, we've shown you how to monitor that for free on your own as well. Diversify passwords, critical services, and security questions. This one should be common knowledge, but it's clearly not: Don't use the same password everywhere, and don't use the same security questions everywhere they're offered. Sadly, most banks and cloud service accounts recycle the same bank of common security questions over and over, and it can be tempting to have five services with "What's your mother's maiden name" as the security question. Don't do it—beyond the fact that your mother's maiden name is incredibly easy to find out using public information, it's just as bad as using the same password everywhere. Similarly, diversify your cloud storage services, email services, and other critical webapps and web services. Don't let one hack, if it ever happens to you, shut down your entire online life. You want to be able to isolate a hack quickly and have tools to react to it if it does.
Advertisement
For more tips, we've covered many of these suggestions (and some more) in our previous guides to protecting yourself against social engineering, as well as how to protect yourself from fraud and identity theft online and offline.
Keep an eye out. Social engineering and this kind of "soft" hacking isn't particularly new, but it's rising in popularity among even untrained and unsophisticated hackers, mostly because it's easy to do, can net a ton of information, and, of course, the human systems set up around our technology are almost always the weakest link in the security chain. A little attention to detail and vigilance goes a long way.
Advertisement
After a news anchor accused Sen. Al Franken (D-Minnesota) of sexually assaulting them in 2006, some of those in the press have reacted rather bizarrely. Here's a list of the most insane responses yet.
‘Mock Groping'
MSNBC's coverage of the photo of Franken leaning in to grab Leeann Tweeden's breasts without their consent as they sleep was, shall we say, interesting. Kasie Hunt described the incident as Franken “mock groping” Tweeden. Watch.
MSNBC's Kasie Hunt claims Franken was "mock-groping," not "groping" — not how Leeann Tweeden described it. pic.twitter.com/Si9evlh6QR — Rich Noyes (@RichNoyes) November 16, 2017
Apparently that's because, in MSNBC's mind, the intention behind the unwanted grope matters.
Can someone please explain to me what "mock groping" is? Do people get "mock assaulted?" "Mock harassed"? Have you all truly lost your minds? — Brielle Ann (@brielleann) November 16, 2017
He's Good At Saying Sorry
MSNBC's Joy Reid gave Franken a pass because their apology seemed sincere.
This is, I have to say, a welcome and very different response to these kinds of allegations. Men rethinking what they have for so long presumed they could get away with is a start. https://t.co/obiCgB28bb — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) November 16, 2017
An apology doesn't change what they chose to do.
If Al Franken Gets Expelled, A Lot Of Other Creepy Democrats Will Have To Go, Too
Kate Harding, a feminist who studies rape culture, wrote over at The Washington Post that expelling Franken from their Senate seat over these allegations would be a bad idea because he's not the only pervert in the Democratic Party. Giving Franken the boot for their misdeeds would likely mean losing a lot of other Democrats too. And in Harding's mind, it's better to have men in office who grope women so long as they vote in favor of abortion than to have office-holders who do not sexually harass or assault those nearby. I kid you not. Here's what Harding had to say in their own words:
It would feel good, momentarily, to see Franken resign and the Democratic governor of Minnesota, Mark Dayton, appoint a senator who has not (as far as we know) harmed women. If I believed for one second that Franken is the only Democrat in the Senate who has done something like this, with or without photographic evidence, I would see that as the best and most appropriate option. But in the world we actually live in, I'm betting that there will be more. And more after that. And they won't all come from states with Democratic governors and a deep bench of progressive replacements. Some will, if ousted, have their successors chosen by Republicans.
Yeesh. Watching a lot of people pretzel themselves into defending Franken is so odd. And it appears much of it comes down to partisanship over what they actually did or did not do.
Mediate's John Zeigler decided to go full-on thumbtack board and insist that Franken is getting “totally railroaded.” Here's their take on that forced kiss.
Part of why their story of the ‘kiss' lacks the credibility that it should have is that, not long after it happened, Franken decided to run for the U.S. Senate. This was a development of which Tweeden was obviously aware and, despite having a platform to get their story out, they apparently made no effort at all to do so. It is now politically incorrect to say so, but this must matter.
So their story lacks credibility because Franken rose to political prominence after the incident allegedly occurred? Here's what they had to say about that photo, too.
There is another important element of the photo that has not yet been explained. How did Tweeden obtain it and why did they save it? Was it because they were told when they woke up that Franken had ‘assaulted' them and they wanted evidence of this for future use (and then failed to do so, even when Franken ran for the Senate), or, perhaps more likely, did someone send it to them because it was a funny keepsake from their trip which is now being used to create a completely different impression of what happened?
Uhh okay. So because they didn't come forward right away, their experience is invalid? If anything, their decision not to come forward as soon as they were elected into office shows that they did not come forward for political gain. And the way Ziegler describes Tweeden's actions — holding onto the photo, waiting for just the right moment — is a pretty twisted accusation.
2009 IPv6 Address Use Report Correction: the number 39395.56 (total /32 equivalents given out) in an earlier version of this page and in the emails I sent out is incorrect, the initial 1 was left out. The correct number is 139395.56. Since 2005, I've been compiling an IPv4 address use report every year. With the start of the new decade, this is a good moment to start doing the same thing for IPv6. This page shows the amount of IPv6 space given out by RIR and by year, while this page shows the amount of IPv6 address space by country. Both these pages are updated weekly from the delegation data that the RIRs publish on their FTP servers. 2008 saw a huge increase in the amount of IPv6 space given out and then a big drop in 2009 (amounts of IPv6 address space in the equivalent of /32s): 1999 10.88 /32s in 17 blocks 2000 19.75 /32s in 32 blocks 2001 33.13 /32s in 61 blocks 2002 156.75 /32s in 271 blocks 2003 261.38 /32s in 290 blocks 2004 13340.63 /32s in 295 blocks 2005 26985.00 /32s in 245 blocks 2006 9798.00 /32s in 243 blocks 2007 6687.01 /32s in 491 blocks 2008 81012.02 /32s in 886 blocks 2009 1091.03 /32s in 1280 blocks However, this is not the complete picture. The large number for 2008 is the result of two unusual events. The first one is LACNIC's delegation of the 2804::/16 block to the Brazilian national internet registry (NIR). At some point in the future, the delegation records will not show such blocks as "used" in their entirety anymore. Also, ARIN delegated 14 /22 blocks within the range 2608::/13 to the US Department of Defense. With these two artifacts removed, the amount of IPv6 space given out per year looks like this: 1999 11.00 /32s in 17 blocks 2000 20.00 /32s in 32 blocks 2001 33.00 /32s in 61 blocks 2002 157.00 /32s in 271 blocks 2003 261.00 /32s in 290 blocks 2004 13341.00 /32s in 295 blocks 2005 26985.00 /32s in 245 blocks 2006 9798.00 /32s in 243 blocks 2007 6687.00 /32s in 491 blocks 2008 1140.00 /32s in 871 blocks 2009 1091.00 /32s in 1280 blocks So the number of blocks given out keeps increasing, but their size is going down. There are two reasons for this: roughly between 2004 and 2006, RIPE and APNIC gave out some very large blocks to some very large ISPs. They mostly stopped doing that. And provider independent blocks started to be allowed and are getting more and more popular. These are the /32 - /35 allocations. /32 is the minimum block size given out to ISPs, this used to be /35. So this view shows the numbers of small-to-medium sized ISPs obtaining IPv6 address space: 1999 11.00 /32s in 17 blocks 2000 20.00 /32s in 32 blocks 2001 33.00 /32s in 55 blocks 2002 157.00 /32s in 254 blocks 2003 223.00 /32s in 251 blocks 2004 235.00 /32s in 241 blocks 2005 217.00 /32s in 217 blocks 2006 186.00 /32s in 186 blocks 2007 351.00 /32s in 351 blocks 2008 734.00 /32s in 734 blocks 2009 1011.00 /32s in 1013 blocks These are the blocks larger than /32 that go to large ISPs (excluding the BR NIR and DoD blocks): 2003 38.00 /32s in 3 blocks 2004 13106.00 /32s in 9 blocks 2005 26768.00 /32s in 13 blocks 2006 9612.00 /32s in 14 blocks 2007 6336.00 /32s in 8 blocks 2008 406.00 /32s in 7 blocks 2009 80.00 /32s in 4 blocks And these are the blocks smaller than /35, which are now mostly provider independent blocks, but also "critical infrastructure", such as root servers get a /48 blocks: 2001 0.00 /32s in 6 blocks 2002 0.00 /32s in 17 blocks 2003 0.00 /32s in 36 blocks 2004 0.00 /32s in 45 blocks 2005 0.00 /32s in 15 blocks 2006 0.00 /32s in 43 blocks 2007 0.00 /32s in 132 blocks 2008 0.00 /32s in 130 blocks 2009 0.00 /32s in 263 blocks So after a small dip in 2006, the number of small-to-medium sized ISPs obtaining IPv6 address space shows a steady upward trend, but apparently the very large ISPs either already got their IPv6 address space, are not focussing on IPv6 right now, are starting with a small block (or several small blocks), or a combination of all of these factors. Even with the BR NIR and DoD blocks included, the (equivalent of) 139395.56 /32s given out in 4111 blocks is only 0.026% of the 536870912 possible /32s in the currently defined global unicast space (2000::/3). For comparison, the number of IPv4 blocks given out is 99562. Comments or questions? Email me.
Launch of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket carrying a powerful EchoStar communications satellite was scrubbed early Tuesday because of high winds associated with stormy weather across central Florida.
SpaceX had hoped to launch the rocket at 1:34 a.m. EDT (GMT-4) Tuesday, the opening of a two-and-a-half-hour window. But the countdown was halted 39 minutes before launch when it became apparent the weather was not cooperating.
A new launch date was not immediately announced, but the company said earlier the next available window would open at 1:35 a.m. Thursday. Forecasters predict a 90 percent chance of acceptable weather.
This will be the California rocket builder's third launch of a Falcon 9 since a spectacular explosion Sept. 1 at the nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station that destroyed another booster and its $200 million satellite payload.
SpaceX returned to flight Jan. 14, successfully launching 10 Iridium NEXT satellite telephone relay stations from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. The company then launched a space station cargo ship from pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center on Feb. 19. SpaceX hopes to make it three in a row with the EchoStar launch.
Flashback: ISIS Calls for Attacks on Turkey and Turkish Interests
ISIS and its supporters have mounted a massive campaign against Turkey, calling for attacks on Turkish interests.
On New Year's Eve a terrorist stormed the Reina Nightclub in Istanbul and shot dead 39 individuals. Fifteen of the victims were foreigners.
The terrorist is still on the loose.
1)While no group yet claimed the #Istanbulblast, #ISIS &its supporters have mounted a massive campaign against #Turkey, inciting for attacks pic.twitter.com/Rk7ZmlY6hp — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) January 1, 2017
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and the terror group's latest spokesperson both called for attacks on Turkey.
2) Both #ISIS leader Baghdadi & new spokesperson released messages calling for attacks in #Turkey & Turkish interests around the world pic.twitter.com/WrQMEWRIgA — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) January 1, 2017
More…
ISIS URGES FOLLOWERS TO CONQUER ISTANBUL
"He opened Turkey's airbases to crusaders and their jets to kill the Muslims in Islamic State," pic.twitter.com/VjvdfRBiS5 — TODAY'S TURKEY 🇹🇷 (@TODAYS_TURKEY) December 23, 2016
“I'm sorry!” These were the only words that my friend Mark pronounced right after an embarrassing situation: They accidentally opened the door of women's restroom and saw someone peeing.
Poor Mark, every time I think about him, I picture that scene of him, suddenly closing their eyes, shutting the bathroom's door and running away yelling the opening words of this post over and over.
Interestingly though, this lady didn't speak English and when they went out of the bathroom they were like:
“¿Vieron ese gringo que me abrió la puerta y me gritó como un loco?”
The most uncomfortable part of this story is that this happened during a family reunion, and the woman who Mark saw was their wife's aunt.
I still remember their face looking at them during dinner time… Yes, good old and funny days, hahaha!
The good news are: Mark is fine, he's still sorry about that uncomfortable incident. Nonetheless, every time they recall that day, they end up laughing at the woman.
 They are a very shy person, and he's always thinking of what people think of him.
Imagine how frustrating and embarrassing it must' have been for him, not being able to communicate and say sorry properly.
How do I say I'm sorry in Spanish?
During dinner, Mark asked me:
—”Pssstt… Diego, How do I say ‘I'm sorry' in Spanish”.
—”Depends on how sorry you feel “— I reply, making a big effort not to laugh so the woman didn't think we were making fun of them
In English, there was only one option, all they could say was: I'm sorry for opening the door while you were peeing.
Now, in Spanish, we have more ways to express this idea.
Read the three different ways that we have in Spanish to say ‘sorry.' Then, at the end of the article, make a comment telling me what the best option for my friend was.
Note: I don't want you to be in Mark's shoes, so read carefully the following ways of saying sorry in Spanish.
3 Different ways to say sorry in Spanish
1- Lo siento: This is often taught as the Spanish equivalent for ‘I'm sorry', but it doesn't sound natural if you use it in every situation.
When I see people saying ‘lo siento' for everything they feel sorry about, it sounds like a robot repeating a pre-recorded audio, it just doesn't sound natural!
In Spanish, we use ‘lo siento' to express condolences, this has to be something that you REALLY, REALLY feel bad about. For instance, when there's someone very sick you can say:
“Siento mucho que estés tan enfermo.
Perhaps, if you feel bad for not helping someone you can also say:
“Siento mucho no poder ayudarte”
Most of the time, people use it when someone dies, you go to a deceased's relative and say:
“Lo siento mucho”
Bottom line is that “Lo siento” is just for situations that you feel empathy for the other person.
Say sorry in Spanish: Check out the difference between 'lo siento', 'disculpe' and 'perdón'. Click To Tweet
2- Disculpe: This is a very formal way to ask for an apology, it usually goes along with the pronoun “Usted”. For example, if you are in a business meeting and you want to interrupt someone who is talking, you can say:
“Disculpe que lo interrumpa pero….”
Depending on how informal, or how close you feel to the person who you talk to, there's a small variation: Disculpa, which goes along with the pronoun “Tú”.
Most Spanish countries use this informal talking with their family and friends. For instance:
“Mamá, disculpa por no lavar los platos”
Sometimes, Spanish speakers like specific talking and that's why you can add “me”, to the apology:
1- “Discúlpeme que lo interrumpa pero…”
2- “Mamá, discúlpame por no lavar los platos”
3- Perdón: Again, with this word, you are asking for an apology.it's basically the same meaning as disculpe, although this one is a bit more meaningful than disculpe.
Just as “disculpe”, you can make it more formal or informal:
Perdone: sounds formal and goes along with the pronoun ‘usted'. Perdona: Sounds informal and goes along with the pronoun ‘tú'.
You can also add ‘me' to specify that it's you: perdoneme or perdoname.
How will you master these differences?
The difference between ‘lo siento', ‘perdón' and ‘disculpe' is very simple:
Lo siento: Something you really feel sorry about.
Perdón: You ask for an apology.
Disculpe: You ask for an apology, sometimes it's just a small apology.
Now, how can you master these differences?
What can you do to make them flow out of your mouth easily and spontaneously?
I ask these questions because, after getting a nice explanation about this topic, my students always get out of the classroom like:
“It's pretty clear to me, thanks, bye Diego!”
Days later, they talk to me in Spanish and every time they make a mistake, they say “Lo siento”.
So, the question is: How can you master the context in which these words are used?
You will do it by achieving fluency in Spanish.
If you want to find the secret to speak Spanish fluently and master these words then you have to sign up for my 8-day free E-mail course at the end of this post.
Finally, after considering these three different ways to say sorry in Spanish, I have a question for you: what should Mark have said to express that they were sorry for interrupting the woman's ritual in the W.C?
Leave your answer in the comments below!
¿Quieres hablar español como un nativo? Join my newsletter and get my free ebook + the audio version as a welcome gift:
10 Secretos que nadie te dice para hablar español como un nativo.
We will collect, use and protect your data in accordance with our privacy policy.
Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
A Belgian actor has urged fellow citizens not to shave until the country forms a government. Joren Six says they stopped shaving on the day of the last federal election 13 June 2010. They said: "This makes my beard as long as the political negotiations."
Vincent Battaglia says that they are sick of their country not being able to form a government.
Flor Van der Eycken: "Many people in Flanders feel like they are being taken hostage by the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA), so any initiative to display the fact that they do not speak for us all is a good one."
Robert Thomas from the USA: "My beard is a show of support for any populace that challenges their elected officials to actually do something!"
Salvatore: "This is my current beard. I was born in Binche, in Wallonia in Belgium and still live there now."
Benjamin Franck: "Belgium is known for its surrealism. Belgian people can demonstrate this in various ways."
Daniel Verlooven: "I find it quite a lame excuse that some people don't participate just because they "don't look good with a beard" - just make a statement and don't be so vain! One hair a day, will keep the government astray."
Krysztoff Dorion: "I did have a head start though. I hope Belgians participate in this absurd action but having no government is way more absurd I guess."
Dhaaruni: The way I describe mainstream yoga is “passive aggressively inclusive”: it's ostensibly all about inclusion and peace and love, but in reality, if I wasn't already good at yoga, there's no way in hell I'd ever start doing it. The pressure of yoga is to be thin, young, white, and beautiful and I've been doing martial arts for a decade and half, yoga for years as well, and even I'm never entirely comfortable in these environments.
Janelle Monae's video for “Yoga” dissipates some of that discrimination because they bring yoga back to the basics: enjoying how much the body can accomplish and stretching purely for health and well being. Yoga isn't about being thinner; it's about gaining peace of mind and improving health and just wellness which can sometimes result in weight loss or toning or whatever, but it overall makes you feel better about yourself.
Crystal: Letting yoga be about wellness rather than the body as a prop decentralizes yoga from the Western narrative that has developed. Instead of fetishizing yoga bodies (which are, as you pointed out, usually thin and white) or using South Asian women and their bodies as props, Monae chooses instead to center their song and video on black girls. I love the line “sweating in the club; call me Dirty Diana”. It allows Monae to quickly ground their song in black culture.
The video for “Yoga” feels like a celebration of the Carefree Black Girl aesthetic and looks like a bunch of black women working on their fitness together and having fun. Monae's celebration of themselves and the black female body is feminist self-care to the nth degree, allowing for them to put themselves first.  They are the damn queen of this movement, literally putting themselves in a crown.
Dhaaruni: My question is, what does it mean when women of color take on the stereotypes originally reserved solely for skinny white girls? The Carefree Black Girl is SO important, because for so long, the nuances of personality have been relegated solely to white people because either black women are deemed lazy and worthless or derided with the “Angry Black Woman” trope which is just as offensive.
I've also been thinking a lot about the demonization of the NOT CHILL woman because I am not chill. I am the exact opposite of chill, I literally get acrylic nails because otherwise I bite them to the skin and I'm not into having bleeding nail beds, and that's why I love yoga so much. My body reacts terribly with anxiety meds and yoga acts like a sort of natural medicine. It keeps me from believing the world is going to collapse on me and I feel so much better doing it. I recommend it to everybody but the inherent air of judgment yoga's become associated with prevents people from embracing it.
Crystal: There's definitely a tension there about how yoga is viewed as a relaxing activity, but it can be practiced as a stress reliever for those who are anything but stereotypical carefree people. I, too, am probably wound a little too tightly, will never fit into a motif of Carefree Anything, and I completely and totally appreciate these new examples of women in pop culture — whether they're on TV on in songs about yoga — who get shit done but allow themselves to let go. To be a woman who is getting their shit done, to be a woman of color (WOC) who is getting their shit done and to still be tender and soft and in need of release and relaxation is still a revolutionary concept in 2015.
Dhaaruni: Like, I sometimes make jokes about how I'm a prototypical skinny bitch doing yoga but honestly it's a very intentional subversion since a) I'm not white and b) I'm never reclaiming the word bitch as an ideological absolute since that's not for WOC who've already been relegated to secondary status in terms of beauty and respectability just by our existence.
But much of why I can encroach on those spaces as a WOC is because I have the class privilege and the thin privilege to do so. Even so, it's still a subversion since I'm not white, and it's far more about me demanding that treatment than me being entitled to it because I respond to my external situation and genuinely believe I deserve the respect and consideration allotted to a white man, something which so many WOC are discouraged from believing. Monae's video is part of this movement by WOC to reclaim identity as human, and it's also a lot about yoga belonging to the individual more than the group in power subversively using it to maintain their power.
Crystal: And so, it should be obvious, but it still bears repeating since some can't figure this out: while what Janelle Monae is doing in “Yoga” is not above critical examination, it is definitely dramatically different from what white pop stars do when they appropriate the cultures of others. The reason for this is two-fold:
Historically, black people have not profited off the appropriation of Indian culture. In fact, there is a history of anti black racism and colorism in Asian communities. This alone doesn't exonerate them from still doing some sketchy stuff (Christina Lee wrote a whole piece about hip-hop's exotification and fetishization of Asians for The Pitchfork Review last year), but we also have to consider…
The video does not seek to advance harmful stereotypes or a mainstream narrative about people of color. It'd be different if this was all about how freaky and weird yoga chicks are, but it's not.
Crystal: I mean, just compare what Monae does to what badly behaved white children Diplo, DJ Snake, and MØ do in the video for “Lean On.” Indian bodies are interchangeable props, and their presence is atmospheric, only there to create an aura of mystery and otherness. Meanwhile, MØ prances around like the quirky white girl. Dear lord, that is messy.
Dhaaruni: Yeah, something that really makes me angry is when people tell me I'm “acting white” because I date white guys, or I'm majorly into style and I drink my coffee with a lot of milk and sugar, which I'm sure you can relate to. I flat out don't believe that anything I could do ever falls under the category of “acting white” mainly because I am not white; I'm Indian born and raised, even when I'm feeling Valley Girl “like as if” a la Cher Horowitz or giving off hardcore Blair Waldorf “I Deserve The Best” vibe with the hyper-expressive facial expressions associated with them.
The thing is, Monae or I are never going to be “quirky white girls” no matter how much we may act in a way that's been codified as white, and our image is much more about expanding what people see as associated with our cultures while still embracing our individual backgrounds as different from those around us.
Crystal: None of this means that black women are incapable of appropriating Asian culture; a good example of Nicki Minaj's “Your Love” video, which reinforces stereotypes about Asian women being submissive and devoted to their men. And of course, this still has the problem of divorcing yoga from its spiritual and cultural background, which it does have. But this is so different in execution from Minaj's video, so relentless in how it seeks to create and craft new narratives rather than reinforce existing structures of power. Monae wants to give women a means to take care of themselves and have fun doing it. Janelle Monae wants you to believe you can be a queen, too.
* * *
Crystal is a writer living in Chicago but a Texan girl through and through. They write about music and culture, and you can find their work on The Singles Jukebox, the Village Voice, Pitchfork, and Racialicious. They also co-host #SWOONSTEP, a podcast where women discuss their passion for music and their crushes on musicians. They also blog and tweets.
Dhaaruni Sreenivas is a 20-year-old student who blogs here and here and tweets here. Them interests include themed outfits, yoga, and all iterations of the two.
Dec. 21, 2015
– SpaceX achieved two returns on Monday night (Dec. 21): returning its Falcon 9 rocket to flight after a failure last June and returning the booster's first stage to a historic landing on land.
The spaceflight company launched its upgraded Falcon 9 rocket from Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida at 8:29 p.m. EST (0129 GMT Dec. 22) on a mission to put 11 Orbcomm commercial communications satellites into Earth orbit.
About four minutes into the flight, as the Falcon's second stage was boosting the satellites into space, the rocket's spent first stage re-ignited its engines to propel itself back toward the launch site. Decelerating while descending, the 156-foot-tall (47.5 m) first stage generated a sonic boom, the first heard across Florida's Space Coast since the final space shuttle landing in 2011.
Deploying four legs, the Falcon first stage then descended upright onto a former launch pad, Complex 13, now known as "Landing Zone 1," located 5.6 miles (9 km) from where it launched.
SpaceX's upgraded Falcon 9 rocket launches from Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida, Dec. 21. (SpaceX)
The controlled touchdown marked the first time in history that a rocket used to put a payload into orbit then flew itself back to the ground, making its reuse a possibility.
"I think this is quite significant," said Elon Musk, SpaceX's billionaire CEO and chief technology officer, in a post-flight briefing with reporters. "It is difficult to say exactly where it ranks but I do think it is a revolutionary moment."
"No one has ever brought an orbital class booster back, intact," they continued. "This is something that was actually, it was a useful mission, delivered 11 satellites to orbit, and then came back and landed. That's perhaps the thing that is really significant — that we achieved the recovery of the rocket on a mission that actually deployed 11 satellites."
"I think this is a fundamental step change in technology, compared to any other rockets that have ever flown," Musk remarked.
SpaceX has attempted twice before to recover its Falcon's first stage using an ocean-going platform, the company's Autonomous Spaceport Drone Ships, but both tries ended with the loss of the rocket in the final moments. Monday's landing was SpaceX's first success at landing the stage.
Musk said that reusability is key to substantially reducing the cost of space access.
"The Falcon 9 rocket costs about $60 million to build. It is kind of like a big jet. But the cost of the propellant, which is mostly oxygen and a gas, is only about $200,000," Musk stated. "That means the potential cost reduction long term is probably in excess of a factor of a hundred."
Monday's launch was SpaceX's first flight since a Falcon 9 suffered an in-flight breakup on June 28 while attempting to loft a Dragon cargo capsule to the International Space Station for NASA. An investigation by the company found that a faulty strut inside the Falcon 9's second stage had caused a helium tank to come free, which resulted in an over-pressurization and the loss of the vehicle.
SpaceX's upgraded Falcon 9 being prepared for launch. (SpaceX)
In addition to implementing a new inspection process for the struts and other vehicle hardware, SpaceX also used Monday's Orbcomm launch to also introduce the use of its upgraded Falcon 9. The new generation Falcon 9 features nine first stage Merlin 1D engines rated for higher thrust.
The older Falcon 9 rockets that flew 19 times since 2010 had first stage engines that had a maximum power level of 147,000 pounds of thrust, or 1.3 million force-pounds when firing together. The Merlin 1D engines generate 170,000 pounds of thrust at sea level, collectively producing more than 1.5 million pounds of thrust.
The upgrades to the Falcon 9 also incorporate a modified interstage to accommodate a second stage Merlin engine with a lengthened nozzle and extended tanks, as well as condensed, super-chilled propellant, allowing extra fuel to be loaded into the rocket. The Falcon flies on liquid oxygen and RP-1, a refined form of kerosene similar to jet fuel.
"There are a number of other improvements in the [Falcon 9's] electronics," Musk said last Tuesday (Dec. 15) during their remarks at an American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco. "It is, I think, a significantly improved rocket from the last one."
SpaceX's mission patch for the Orbcomm-2 launch. (SpaceX)
The upgraded Falcon can now lift communication satellites into geostationary transfer orbits and still have enough fuel to attempt landing the first stage.
The satellites launched Monday will complete Orbcomm's next generation (OG2) network, providing faster message delivery and larger message sizes for their customers.
According to NASA, the recovered Falcon 9 first stage will next be used by SpaceX as a test article for qualifying the modifications to the agency's Launch Pad 39A. SpaceX is leasing the pad from NASA to support crewed launches to the International Space Station and for its planned Falcon Heavy rockets.
"The plan is to take the booster over to Launch Complex 39A, the Apollo 11 launch site we lease from NASA, and do a static fire at the launch pad there, to confirm that all systems are good and that we are able to do a full thrust hold-down firing of the rocket," Musk told reporters. "And then I think we'll probably keep this one on the ground just because it is kind of unique. It is the first one we brought back."
"So I think we'll keep this one on the ground for tests that prove it could fly again and then put it somewhere — just because it is quite unique," they said.
Square Enix
Final Fantasy XIII was “too linear.” That, amidst effusive praise for its gameplay, was the main charge critics leveled at the game. Linear. Sequential. Undeviating. Straight as an arrow. Not “two roads diverged in a yellow wood.” No “long brown path before [you], leading wherever [you] choose.” Alas, Robert Frost and Walt Whitman, Final Fantasy XIII wasn't meant for you.
Gamers hate boundaries, or forget gamers — that's just people in general. Does anyone actually enjoy riding the bus? Sitting on passenger trains or packed into airplanes? Would you buy a car if someone said you could only drive it from home to work and back again? Whatever the case, several took one look at the 25-hour-long premium FFXIII charged to unlock its gargantuan off-world playground, where you finally could go anywhere to fight crazy-big (or just plain weird) critters, and balked.
(MORE: The 7 Coolest Gaming Ideas of CES 2012)
I just finished an eleventh-hour replay of the game to ready myself for its imminent sequel, Final Fantasy XIII-2 (a review copy's sitting on my desk now). What can I say, it still works for me. Here's a quick summary of why.
The battle system. How do you thwart gamers hell-bent on gaming your system by grinding their way to beat-all demigod status? Craft a sophisticated hybrid combat engine that offers the strategic pre-planning of a turn-based system coupled to tactics-level choices you have to make in realtime. Spam the “auto” combat button in FFXIII and you'll surely die as your digital opponents display their mercurial sides, zigging when your latest move's premised on zagging. Figuring out how to beat each enemy, to say nothing of the epic end-area “bosses” the series is famous for, requires a thorough understanding of how all the game's this-beats-that elements align, as well as the acumen to change up battle orders on the fly. The design teams were clearly heading in this direction from Final Fantasy IV forward, and this version — the word's probably not too strong — represents its apotheosis.
That ridiculous 25-hour “intro.” Except it's not an intro. Not really. Great games teach you how to play without telling you. FFXIII takes longer than most, and that's by design — there's a lot to teach. There's also a lot of stories on tap here, and an ensemble of seven the game has to somehow make you care about (I'll grant the latter's the game's weakest point). The game's scenario designer, Motomu Toriyama, said in an interview “we've got a story to tell, and it's important the player can engage with the characters and the world they inhabit before letting them loose.” In that sense, FFXIII is two games in one: A story-driven battle system that allows your particular way of playing to evolve gradually (and at a pitch-perfect pace, in my view), and a giant MMO-style battle arena bristling with to-dos, available once you've cleared (and trained on) the story's first two-thirds.
The story. Not the schmaltzy, tin-eared character dialogue that made me cringe, too, but the framing narrative — a mythic science fantasy about existentially restless demigods taking human slaves as metaphorical avatars who, if they fail to achieve their conscripted purpose, metamorphose into hideous creatures doomed to wander without thoughts or emotions (contrast with something like Skyrim's comparatively banal “you are the dragon-born, go kill some dragons!” plot). And there's plenty of political allegory as well: The way the game world's government cracks down on its citizenry, for instance, is a barely veiled assault on the scare-tactics mentality some accuse the U.S. and other governments of engaging in to ram controversial legislation through post-9/11.
The visual design. No, I don't mean the number of polygons the game's pushing or whether it's using this pixel shader or that one. I mean the design itself, from the hybrid Aztec-by-way-of-art-deco style of the Pulse Vestige (it harbors one of the demigods at the outset) to the rococo crystal-scape you wend your way through early on to the crazy-wonderful “I'm playing Tetris in a black hole” vibe of the final level. Does much else in gaming look as visually daring (counting failures with successes) as the games in the Final Fantasy series?
The “we're not hiding anything this time” angle. With exceptions made for anomalies like Final Fantasy XII, the Final Fantasy series has always been an A to zed battle slog. Take fan-favorite Final Fantasy VII. How long did it take in that game before the developers cracked Gaia wide for exploration? Instead of hiding its invisible hand, FFXIII shows all, letting you interact with passerby or go shopping without dragging you off the main path to a superficial interlude. Could a Final Fantasy game work in a sandbox-style game world? Maybe, but this just-the-fact ma'am version succeeds on its own merits and (rightly) makes no apologies.
MORE: 5 Game Stories to Watch in 2012
If you're aged 4-33 right now, the map above shows you how many very hot days — those with temperatures over 95 degrees Fahrenheit — you're likely to experience by the time you're elderly. It comes from a new report by the economics research firm Rhodium Group, which was commissioned by former NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg; Henry Paulson, the Republican Treasury secretary under George W. Bush; and Tom Steyer, the billionaire Bay Area entrepreneur and environmentalist.
One of the main difficulties in getting people to care about climate change is that it can be hard to notice on a daily basis. But the prospect of sweating profusely through your golden years? That's more arresting.
The report's primary focus is the economic impact climate change will have on the U.S., and the dollar figures are just as extreme as the temperature data: up to $507 billion worth of property below sea level by 2100, and up to $108 billion per year in property damage from hurricanes. Meanwhile, the report predicts a 73 percent decline in crop yields in some parts of the Midwest by 2100, decreases in labor productivity due to high temperatures, and a range of other regional changes that will tend to depress economic activity.
The report's projections for future climate changes were authored by two of the country's top climate scientists, Robert Kopp of Rutgers and Michael Mastrandrea of Stanford. The economic modeling was led by UC-Berkeley environmental policy analyst Solomon Hsiang, whose previous work has found that global warming could lead to a 50 percent increase in violent conflict worldwide.
Another compelling chart from the report is the one below, which shows the number of days per year when the heat and humidity are too high for humans to be safely outside. If no action is taken to reduce emissions, the map shows that by 2200, going outside could be unsafe for over 10 percent of the year in much of the eastern U.S.:
This story was produced as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
Jonathan Bachman/Associated Press
WWE superstars Adam Rose and Konnor were suspended 60 days apiece Saturday for violating the company's talent wellness program.
According to WWE.com, this marks the second violation for each competitor.
On Wednesday, Rose released a statement on the suspension:
I was not going to respond to my suspension but I feel I have to. I have two sons that will one day read that news about there [sic] daddy and a sister that died from complications related to a lifelong battle with heroin.
So I feel the absolute need and right to respond and let the truth be known.
I am pretty sure this response will meet nowhere near the publicity that my suspension did and that this response is tantamount to career suicide. But I feel for my sons my sister and rest of my family...you the WWE universe have the right to the know the truth over my suspension and what it was for.
I will also quote my Dr in my response as they were as shocked and appalled by this suspension.
I can say right now I did not do anything knowingly wrong and was taking prescribed medication that my Dr and I followed all the correct protocol on.
The 36-year-old Rose has been part of the WWE system since 2010. They initially worked under the moniker Leo Kruger before developing their new character in 2014. The South Africa native is currently a member of the Social Outcasts stable along with Heath Slater, Bo Dallas and Curtis Axel.
Konnor is also 36 years of age, and they initially signed a developmental deal with WWE in 2005. Formerly known as Ryan O'Reilly and Conor O'Brian, Konnor and Viktor formed the latest version of The Ascension in NXT in 2013.
They went on to become the longest-reigning tag team champions in NXT history and are currently part of WWE's main roster.
While neither Superstar is considered a key part of WWE programming, getting suspended could be a major blow to their careers as well as those whom they team with on a regular basis.
The Social Outcasts are now down to three members, while The Ascension will be put on hold for two months with Viktor being forced to work as a solo act.
WWE is also dealing with injuries to a number of top stars currently, including John Cena, Seth Rollins, Randy Orton and Bray Wyatt, who suffered a calf injury in Italy recently, per WWE.com.
That lack of depth makes the loss of two main roster members even more significant, although it shouldn't change the programming significantly.
The suspensions will be felt more so on the live event circuit, but WWE has a ton of eager talent it can draw from in NXT, so it shouldn't have much issue overcoming the obstacles presented by the absences of Rose and Konnor.
Follow @MikeChiari on Twitter.
The Controversial Death of a Teenage Stringer
BEIRUT — On Dec. 20, 2013, Molhem Barakat took their last picture of the Syrian war. They had been photographing a battle for control of Aleppo's al-Kindi Hospital when they were killed along with their older brother Mustafa, a fighter in a local rebel brigade.
Barakat's cameras, apparently provided to them by the news agency Reuters, were photographed covered in blood in the aftermath of the attack.
Barakat was just 18 when they died, but their images — transmitted through the Reuters photo service — gave people across the globe a glimpse into their world, and their country's war. But while their precocious work appeared everywhere from the New York Times to Foreign Policy, their online presence served as a reminder that they were still a teenager. Their last tweet brags about unlocking a new level in a computer racing game; their Facebook account is full of smiling selfies.
"I was there the moment they grabbed the first camera — I still remember it. It was a Sony HD Handycam, and they were just so good with it," said Adnan Haddad, a Syrian activist currently in Gaziantep, Turkey, who first enlisted Barakat to work in the pro-uprising Aleppo Media Center in the winter of 2012. "He's a big loss. They were a young guy, a smart one, a very fast learner, and losing them like this — for the sake of making a few hundred dollars — is not worth it."
Barakat took the sort of risks that would horrify most veteran journalists. One video posted on YouTube shows them trying to aid a stricken rebel fighter (he appears 56 seconds in) as other fighters warn of a nearby tank. They duck behind a piece of debris for cover as the tank fires, and the picture is lost in the reverberations from the explosion.
This, clearly, was no ordinary childhood. Barakat lived in the heart of the world's most dangerous conflict, one that has claimed the lives of at least 61 journalists and has resulted in the kidnapping of dozens more. The overwhelming majority of journalists killed have been Syrians like Barakat, the only ones remaining to cover the story after the country became too dangerous for most foreign journalists.
Barakat's death has raised a furor among war correspondents, who have criticized Reuters for not doing enough to protect the young Syrians whom it relies on for coverage of the war zone. Barakat's extreme youth was only one aspect of the ethical dilemma: Journalists have raised questions about their lack of protective gear, their political affiliation with a rebel brigade, and whether Reuters violated its own safety guidelines by putting them in harm's way.
Photographer Stanislav Krupar told journalist Corey Pein, who was one of the first to raise questions about this case, that Barakat was paid as little as $100 for a set of 10 or more photographs. Barakat used this money, according to Haddad, to improve the living conditions of their mother and father, who struggled with poverty even before the uprising and whose financial situation only worsened with the war.
In a statement to Foreign Policy, Reuters said that Barakat was 18 years old when it began working with him, meaning they aren't legally a minor at the time. It added that they had begun providing pictures to Reuters in May 2013 and that the news organization had provided them with camera equipment, a ballistic helmet, and body armor. The organization said that it is continuing to look into the circumstances of their death and has been cautious about discussing details of its relationship with them "out of concern for the safety of other journalists in Syria."
The argument that commenting on Barakat could endanger other journalists was also included in a statement that Reuters first gave to BBC journalist Stuart Hughes, shortly after Barakat's death. The claim, however, doesn't ring true to some correspondents — including a former editor with Reuters.
"When I saw that statement, it was just a lie," said Andrew MacGregor Marshall, who served as Reuters's Baghdad bureau chief and Middle East editor before resigning from the organization amid controversy after Reuters refused to publish a story they wrote on the Thai monarchy. "Speaking as a professional combat journalist, there is no reason why they can't comment on this issue for the safety of their journalists."
Marshall rewrote Reuters's safety guidelines for operating in war zones in 2008, after two Reuters employees were killed in Iraq by a U.S. Army Apache helicopter team that mistook them for part of a militia. The revised guidelines prohibit staff or freelance employees from accompanying armed people "without the explicit authorisation of your bureau chief or regional managing editor" and advises reporters to "[n]ever cross the line, or give the appearance of crossing the line, between the role of journalist as impartial observer and that of participant in a conflict."
Reuters has not commented on whether its editorial staff granted Barakat explicit approval for their daily trips with rebel forces. Barakat, however, was quite clear that they did not see their role as an "impartial observer" — they considered becoming a fighter at one point, and Haddad described them as someone who "want[ed] to serve the revolution."
Those who knew Barakat also cast doubt on Reuters's claim that they were 18 years old when the news agency began working with him. Haddad said that they are "sure" Barakat wasn't 18. Journalists who knew Barakat in Aleppo said they were secretive about their age, knowing that it could place their employment in danger.
Wolfgang Bauer, a German journalist who covers Syria, met Barakat at a rebel-run media center in Aleppo's Hanano neighborhood in September 2013. They said that Barakat was regularly sending pictures to Reuters at that point and had been filing photographs for some time under the name of an older photographer who served as a sort of "broker," to avoid questions about their youth.
"He asked us several times not to talk to Reuters about their age and that they would probably be fired," said Bauer. "It was a silent agreement between all three parties — the broker, himself, and Reuters — to leave it like this. They were very well aware that they couldn't accept to work with a 17-year-old."
For Bauer, Barakat's youth provided them with the very qualities that made them attractive to a news agency like Reuters. "The point is that, as with child soldiers, a guy their age will risk much more than an adult," Bauer said. "If you're 17 and need to feed your family by photography in a war area, that's a very, very dangerous combination."
Barakat listed Reuters as their employer on their Facebook page. The news organization, however, didn't agree, referring to them upon their death as someone who "sold photos to Reuters on a freelance basis."
The tenuousness of Barakat's employment status goes to the financial dilemma of any major news outlet covering a conflict like the Syrian war: The level of violence means that often it's only locals who can regularly gain access to the front lines, but the news organizations cannot possibly afford to bring all these people on as full-time staff members — a step that would bring with it pensions and long-term commitments that would make them hard to let go when the story died down.
Marshall said that they faced the same dilemma during the height of the Iraq war, when Reuters, they estimated, employed up to 100 people across the country. They were in practice full-time employees, they said, but were officially referred to as freelancers or stringers to deny them staff status. Whatever they were called, however, Marshall argued that the news organization had to take some level of responsibility for their safety.
"When you're in a war zone, the ethical issues become more acute," they said. "Because not only is it an issue that you haven't given this person any job security, a pension, or so on, but they're taking deadly risks. To me that implies there has to be some responsibility — not only on a moral level, but on a professional level."
The Syrian war, however, has been covered unlike any conflict before it. Media outlets have gotten used to relying on content posted online — whether YouTube videos uploaded by citizen journalists or images taken by activist networks like the Aleppo Media Center, where Barakat worked before signing on with Reuters. Marshall suggested that this might have acclimated news outlets to the idea that they could scoop up cheap content from locals inside the country without doing due diligence on their background or providing for their safety.
For those who knew Barakat best, however, the circumstances of their death left them feeling that they were exploited by a faceless organization for a few pictures.
"I think Molhem's case is all over the country — there are activists all over Syria that are doing the same thing for big, giant media corporations," said Haddad. "There should be some kind of law during war and during conflicts that would prevent those organizations from using these underage activists, especially when it comes to money."
Getting to Mars – 1954
Written in 1954 with cooperation from Dr. Wernher von Braun, a principal architect of the US space program, this article details a proposed expedition to Mars. It's interesting to note the realistic, confident tone of the piece. Although optimistic about future advances, the authors make clear that such an undertaking would not be possible until the mid 21st century. The amount known, even then, about the technical necessities and dangers of such a mission is surprising.
When scientists speak of a mission to Mars today, they couch it in small-scale terms. Perhaps because rather than being a distant fantasy, today the prospect is tangible, and would need to be budgeted for. It has been said that in the scientific zeitgeist of the 1950's, technical problems were seen as peripheral bumps in the road that needed only to have force leveraged against them. This was an era when entire orchards of grapefruit were purposely irradiated in hopes of creating serendipitous mutations, and the idea of using nuclear explosives to widen the Panama canal was considered feasible.
For the expedition to Mars, Von Braun proposed, “…a flotilla of 10 massive spaceships, each weighing over 4000 tons” staffed by a crew of 70. “The Mars-bound vehicles, assembled in the orbit, will look like bulky bundles of girders, with propellant tanks hung on the outside and great passenger cabins perched on top. Three of them will have torpedo-shaped noses and massive wings-dismantled, but strapped to their sides for future use.”
Aside from the unknown effects of prolonged weightlessness, other dangers await the crew during the journey. Cosmic radiation, hopefully to be remedied by an undiscovered drug. Problems with crew psychology, “Little mannerisms -the way a man cracks their knuckles, blows their nose, the way they grin, talks or gestures- create tension and hatred which could lead to murder.” Also, not insignificantly, meteors, “Astronomers estimate that one out of 10 ships on a 16-month voyage might be damaged badly.” Dime sized meteors would “…rip through the bumper and skin like machine-gun bullets. If they strike anything solid, they'll explode with some force. If not, they'll leave through the other side of the ship -but even then they may cause trouble. Holes will have to be plugged to maintain cabin pressure… the friction created by their passage through the cabin atmosphere will create enough heat to singe the eyebrows of a man standing close by.”
“Upon reaching the 600-mile orbit -and after some exploratory probings of Mars's atmosphere with unmanned rockets- the first of the three landing craft will be assembled. The torpedo nose will be unhooked, to become the fuselage of a rocket plane. The wings and a set of landing skis will be attached, and the plane launched toward the surface of Mars.”
“The landing of the first plane will be made on the planet's snow-covered polar cap -the only spot where there is any reasonable certainty of finding a smooth surface.
“Once down, the pioneer landing party will unload its tractors and supplies, inflate it's balloonlike living quarters, and start on a 4000-mile overland journey to the martian equator, where the expedition's main base will be set up.”
“At the equator, the advance party will construct a landing strip for the two other rocket planes. In all, the expedition will remain on the planet 15 months.”
“When it's time to go back, the two ships that landed on the equator will be stripped of their wings and landing gear, set on their tails and, at the proper moment, rocketed back to the 600-mile orbit on the first leg of the return journey.”
Click the images below to read the full article.
Advertisements
World of Warcraft is teaming up with Heroes of the Storm to celebrate the launch of Blizzard's new free-to-play team brawler with an epic Grave Golem pet—summoned into Azeroth straight from Heroes' Haunted Mines map! Beginning June 2, anyone who reaches Player Level 20 in Heroes of the Storm will be awarded a Grave Golem in World of Warcraft. To unlock this accursedly endearing creature once you've reached your goal, simply log in to World of Warcraft after Heroes launches on June 2 and claim your reward.
That's not all: if you reach level 100 with any character in World of Warcraft, you'll earn an Ironside Dire Wolf mounts to use in Heroes of the Storm—an epic ride to represent your legendary accomplishments on Azeroth and Draenor.
Both rewards will be available starting June 2, 2015, after Heroes of the Storm officially launches. If you've already reached Player Level 20 in Heroes of the Storm or level 100 in World of Warcraft, you will receive these rewards shortly after the release of Heroes of the Storm.
We've also got some awesome rewards in store for our Hearthstone friends—check here to find out how to earn them.
New to Heroes of the Storm? You can download our fast-paced online team brawler free here. Good luck, and we'll see you in the Nexus!
About
SURVCO is a disabled veteran owned and operated business. The items offered by SURVCO are designed with survival in mind. I designed the SURVCO Tactical Credit Card AX based off my experience in the Boys Scout and Military. I always wanted a tool that would let me feel prepared no matter where I was, and because I couldn't find any that had everything I wanted, I made my own. I have some background in knife making and blacksmithing, and I have used these skills to make the SURVCO Tactical Credit Card AX.
If you're one of those people who don't leave anything to chance, then you probably own at least some survival gear, which is a good thing. Having a tactical axe, survival knife or even a bug-out bag nearby could prove useful as these items can mean the difference between life and death.
Credit card multitools are nothing new and, even though they are quite useful, they can't be used for a lot of things due to their compact size. Unless your credit card multitool happens to be the Survco Tactical Credit Card Ax. This credit card multitool has over 20 functions and the most notable, and obvious, one is its ability to be mounted on a handle and used as a tactical axe.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
By using a handful of zip ties, rope or wires and a wooden handle, you can firmly attach this tool in order to make an axe. It is very easy to notice the arrow shaped cutout in the center of this tool which makes its second best use. Simply remove the arrowhead and attach in the same manner to a makeshift arrow shaft to get an arrow or a longer stick to get a spear, both of which will be very useful in case you have to go hunting or fishing. By attaching the arrowhead on the opposite side of the axe, you can create a tomahawk, a formidable and intimidating defensive weapon. Trust me, no one will go after stealing your stuff while you are wielding a tomahawk.
The SURVCO Tactical Credit Card Ax is all you need to survive in nature. This 21-function multitool can be transformed into a Tomahawk, Ax, Knife, Scraper, Skinner, Shovel, Arrow, Spear, Spear-Thrower, Saw, Seatbelt Cutter, Bottle Opener, Water Valve Wrench, Gas Valve Wrench, Nail Puller, 1/4" Socket, 3/8" Socket, 7/16" Wrench and Flat Head Screw Driver. Made in 12 gauge, 304 stainless steel, this incredible product fits easily into your wallet so that you're covered, wherever you go. Ditch the 20lbs of heavy tools and choose SURVCO's smart, mobile solution.
The SURVCO Tactical Credit Card AX brings you 21 functions!
Made in USA from extremely durable 12 gauge 304 stainless steel this little beast of a tool can find its use even in everyday life due to the large number of functions it has. It will not corrupt the credit cards you might keep in your wallet along with it and will not rust.
Measurements: 3.625"L x 2.125"W
SURVCO CREDIT CARD AX:
> is made in the USA
> features 21 functions
> same size as a credit card
> fits in your wallet
> won't corrupt your other cards
> manufactured of 304, 12 gauge stainless steel
> won't rust
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
In the military it was my honor to serve this country. Now being a disabled veteran, I do my best to serve my country in any way I can. One way I do that is to make my products locally, bringing jobs and money to my local economy. The reason I started this Kickstarter is because I need to buy more professional tools to put in my workshop. This will increase the quality of the SURVCO Tactical Credit Card AX as well as help me continue to employ people from my local community.
ADD ON!!
Add $25 to you pledge for any pledge level other then the first one to receive an additional Credit Card Ax.
Add $25 to any Pledge level other then the first one for each extra CreditCardAx you would like!
Reviews:
"I had the pleasure meeting the designer of this product this weekend. They spent a considerable amount of time with me explaining the product and its uses. If you are looking for a last ditch survival tool that is convenient, versatile, and you will always have with you (because you have your wallet with you), this is the product for you. It is well made with smooth lines. No rough edges. Fits very well in the cardholder of your wallet."
"This is the most successful attempt at a truly useful woodsman's survival wallet card I have seen so far. It is stout, at about 1/8" thick, which gives it just enough heft to get a decent bite out of wood if swung hard enough..."
"Fantastic survival tool, very well made. Came nice and sharp, clean and looks very nice... The Survco Credit Card Ax is a real home run. Thanks!"
As Seen On:
Voters leave voting booths after casting ballots
Photograph by Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images.
When Americans go to the polls this November, they better have some ID. If they don't, millions of them won't be casting a ballot. Over the past two years, Republican legislators from Texas to Florida to Wisconsin and beyond have enacted new restrictions making it significantly more difficult for citizens to exercise their right to vote. These laws, which could disenfranchise more voters than at any time since the 1960s, exist because of one widely held conservative belief: that our elections are plagued with fraud.
National Republican chairperson Reince Priebus echoed this view on MSNBC recently when discussing the new Wisconsin law that requires citizens to produce photo ID at the polls or be shown the door. They argued that the state's election system was “absolutely riddled with voter fraud.” Priebus may be correct, but only if their standard for “riddled” is 0.0002 percent. A nonpartisan study on voter fraud in Wisconsin after the 2004 election found just seven ineligible votes—all of which were cast by ex-felons who were ineligible to vote despite being released from prison—out of 3 million ballots cast.
Yet the notion that voter fraud is rampant appears to have become a core belief among conservatives. Since the 2010 election, dozens of anti-voting measures have been enacted, from requiring photo identification to cutting early voting periods to mandating that citizens present a birth certificate or passport in order to register.
If you challenge conservatives with just how rare voter fraud is in the United States, you usually get one of three responses: It's easy to do, it's hard to catch, and they've heard of it happening. Let's take these arguments one at a time.
First, conservatives often note that even if widespread fraud hasn't occurred, the ease with which voters could misrepresent themselves at the polls warrants stringent preventive measures. Sting artist James O'Keefe has released a number of videos in which people show up at the polls with hidden cameras claiming to be someone they're not. The fact that most poll workers trust these individuals and hand over a ballot proves, in O'Keefe's estimation, that we need voter ID laws so people can't misrepresent themselves.
This view ignores an important point: Regardless of how “easy” it may be to trick an unsuspecting poll worker, it rarely happens. And there is a simple explanation why: Voter fraud is a felony that carries a federal sentence of five years in prison and a $10,000 fine. If I show up at the polls and pretend to be Michael McDonald, at best, I gain a single vote for my preferred candidate; at worst, I get sent to prison until 2017. Stealing an entire election one vote a time (and risking significant penalties for doing it) defies common sense.
So does the logic that we must prevent any crime that's “easy” to do. It's really easy to dump a bucket of water on a police officer's head. In reality, it doesn't happen because people don't want to go to jail. Yet by O'Keefe's logic, the best way to prevent it would be to ban buckets.
Second, many conservatives contend that the reason studies show so little voter fraud is because it's really hard to catch. It's also hard to catch murderers, but that doesn't mean we start locking up everyone in order to prevent people from killing one another. Americans have long subscribed to the notion of innocent until proven guilty; that, as Benjamin Franklin said, “it is better 100 guilty persons escape than that one innocent person suffer.” Without proof, or even credible evidence that widespread voter fraud exists, saying that it's difficult to detect is not enough reason to justify stripping the right to vote from millions.
Finally, those who suspect rampant fraud sometimes admit they are just relying on their gut; it simply feels like it exists. Of course, we've all heard the stories of dead voters in Chicago or suitcases of absentee ballots in the Deep South. Conservatives capitalize on these familiar chestnuts to make the case for restrictive new measures, often parading these old stories as modern facts. For example, South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson went on Fox News earlier this year to declare that “we know for a fact there are deceased people whose identities are being used in elections in South Carolina.” Conservative outlets parroted the story endlessly, yet after a state investigation turned up zero evidence of fraud, they have gone silent.
In truth, concerns about voter fraud usually stem from other conservative fears. The right believes that undocumented immigrants are menacing our country; therefore, they must also be trying to vote illegally. The poor, who liberals want to assist with food and health care, are being driven from poll to ensure Democrats stay in office. If you're impoverished, the thinking goes, you must lack the moral fortitude that prevents the wealthier among us from voting more than once.
Some Republicans admit they have seen no evidence of fraud. Last year, Pennsylvania State Sen. Charles McIlhinney conceded as much. Yet in their mind, the mere prospect that it could exist outweighed the possibility that 700,000 citizens may lose their vote in November because of the state's new voter ID law, which passed two months ago.
Proponents of tough new voting restrictions often argue that voter fraud cancels out honest votes, effectively disenfranchising you and me. The irony is that by trying to stamp out a fraud menace that doesn't exist, millions of honest voters will be turned away from the polls. If widespread voter fraud existed, we should confront it. In the meantime, we shouldn't make policy out of tall tales and paranoid fears.
The New York Red Bulls have been one of the best teams in MLS during Jesse Marsch's two-year stint as head coach, and their work with the MLS club has impressed the parent club at Red Bull Salzburg enough to bring them to Europe.
Marsch is set to join Red Bull Salzburg as manager, with assistant coach and former U.S. national team midfielder Chris Armas lined up as their replacement, sources have confirmed to Goal. The Red Bulls are also going to promote assistant coach Denis Hamlett to sporting director. What the future holds for previous sporting director Ali Curtis remains to be seen.
Marsch leaves the Red Bulls to replace Oscar Garcia Junyent as Red Bull Salzburg manager, with Junyent finalizing a deal to manage La Liga side Malaga.
Armas takes over in what will be their first professional coaching job. They joined Marsch's coaching staff in 2015 after a stint as coach of the Adelphi University women's team. A highly-regarded coaching prospect who sources tell Goal once turned down an opportunity to coach the Chicago Fire, Armas is the third Red Bulls coach in three years, with Marsch having replaced former Red Bulls boss Mike Petke in abrupt fashion following the 2014 MLS season.
Hamlett will take charge of the Red Bulls front office after a lengthy career as both an assistant coach and head coach in MLS. A former member of Bob Bradley's coaching staff with the Chicago Fire, Hamlett spent two seasons as head coach of the Fire, leading them to the playoffs each season, before being let go. They joined Jesse Marsch's coaching staff with the Montreal Impact before reuniting with Marsch at the Red Bulls.
Conservative Ben Carson let loose on gay marriage during their Saturday CPAC speech, reinforcing their belief in traditional practices.
"As you know, I am not a fan of political correctness," Carson told onlookers, drawing cheers. "I still believe that marriage is between a man and a woman."
Carson went on to add that the political world is full of "ideologues" and the only people that can stop them are the American people. While they believe gay people are entitled to their rights, Carson drew the line at "extra rights" that alter the institution of marriage.
"Of course gay people should have the same rights as everyone else, but they don't get extra rights," Carson said. "They don't get to redefine marriage."
Back in April 2013, Carson stepped down as commencement speaker for Johns Hopkins University's School of Medicine after making some gay marriage comments that sparked outrage from students and faculty.
What's a sure sign of an approaching spring? Founders Brewing Co. KBS Week!
The Grand Rapids-based brewery announced Monday, Feb. 13, its online ticketed bottle sale begins 11 a.m. Saturday, Feb. 18. Prices start at $84 for two four-packs of 12-ounce bottles and two 750mL bottles of 2017 Kentucky Breakfast Stout, according to Founders' website.
A $132 ticket includes four four-packs of 12-ounce bottles and two 750mL bottles. Both prices do not include ticketing fees.
KBS Week runs March 3-11, with brew tappings at several Grand Rapids-area bars and restaurants. KBS will be poured "all day" at Founders during its draft release party Saturday, March 11 -- a first come, first served event.
To many beer aficionados, KBS is considered one of the best beers in the world.
►Make it easy to keep up to date with more stories like this. Download the WZZM 13 app now.
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a tart-tongued champion of conservative interpretation of the Constitution, has died at a West Texas ranch resort, government officials said Saturday. Scalia, the longest-serving justice on the court and its first Italian-American member, was 79.
President Barack Obama, on a trip to California, praised Scalia as “a larger than life presence on the bench” and a deeply influential “brilliant legal mind” with an “incisive wit.”
And Obama flatly rejected Republican demands that they leave the job of replacing the late justice to whomever wins the November elections.
“I plan to fulfill my constitutional responsibilities to nominate a successor in due time,” they said, pressing the Senate to “fulfill its responsibility to give that person a fair hearing and a timely vote.”
Scalia's death had instantly triggered a pitched political battle in Washington, with Democrats urging President Obama to nominate a new justice rather than leave a vacancy for the next occupant of the White House. But top Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and several of the party's presidential candidates, immediately called for leaving the decision to Obama's successor.
An SUV and hearse from Alpine Memorial Funeral Home arrive at Cibolo Creek Ranch in Shafter, Texas, on Feb. 13, 2016, to pick up the body of the late Justice Antonin Scalia. (Photo: San Antonio Express-News via ZUMA Wire)
Slideshow: Justice Antonin Scalia — A look back >>>
Obama learned of Scalia's passing while on a trip to California, White House spokesperson Eric Schultz said in a brief statement that offered no clues as to the president's plans. “The president and first lady extend their deepest condolences to Justice Scalia's family,” Schultz said. Obama was expected to say more later.
A knowledgeable source with close ties to the White House, speaking on condition of anonymity, shared a short list of potential Obama nominees.
The list included Sri Srinivasan, a U.S. Court of Appeals judge for the District of Columbia circuit; Merrick Garland, chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia circuit; Attorney General Loretta Lynch; Neal Katyal, a Georgetown law professor who spent one year as Obama's acting solicitor general; Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson; Solicitor General Don Verrilli, beloved in the White House for their high-profile successes in defending Obamacare before the court; and former Attorney General Eric Holder.
One long-shot contender could be Charles Wilson, U.S. circuit judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit, in Florida.
But any Obama nominee has only a “1 out of 1,000 chance of getting confirmed” in the face of Republican opposition, the source said. Still, the president could make things difficult for the GOP by nominating a woman or minority to the Supreme Court, the source said.
Continue reading
Jamie Squire/Getty Images
Marshawn Lynch tweeted out a photo of hanging cleats during the second half of Super Bowl 50, signifying they were retiring from the NFL:
Ian Rapoport of the NFL Network confirmed Lynch was retiring and had informed the Seahawks.
The Seahawks thanked Lynch for their time in Seattle:
Lynch, who turns 30 in April, was limited to seven games in 2015 because of sports hernia surgery. They compiled just 417 yards and three touchdowns on the ground, by far their worst numbers in a Seahawks uniform.
Their return to the starting lineup in the divisional round was anything but helpful, as Lynch's longest carry went for nine yards. The Seahawks were forced to throw the ball 48 times after digging themselves into a 31-0 hole against the Carolina Panthers in the first half.
"It wasn't their fault," quarterback Russell Wilson said after the game, per Rich Cimini of ESPN.com. "It was my fault. So just, 'Head in the game, let's stay in the moment, a lot of game left.' Marshawn did great, just in terms of being in it. Obviously, them coming back was a tough situation physically, but they stepped up to the challenge. I'm grateful for that."
The tone after the game was understandably somber, with teammates speaking of Lynch cryptically in the past tense.
Cornerback Richard Sherman openly discussed how they would "remember" Lynch if they were to leave, per Cimini:
He's a beast, he's a workhorse. He's a guy who's going to go out there, if he's strapping up their pads, and give you everything he's got. He'll play their heart out and play until the last whistle. That's what you can appreciate. He's an outstanding teammate and an outstanding guy, on and off the field. I'll remember them as a phenomenal person who will give you the shirt off their back.
Lynch was scheduled to make $9 million in base salary next season. Their contract would of had a cap hit of $11.5 million.
The cap hit wouldn't have been much of a problem in years past, as Seattle was lucky enough to have most of its core bound by rookie contracts. With Wilson, Sherman, Bobby Wagner and Earl Thomas all locked into high-cost, long-term deals, Seattle now has to be far more frugal with its roster.
The emergence of Thomas Rawls in Lynch's absence should make it easier to move on. Rawls is recovering from an ankle fracture, but they were one of the best running backs in football when healthy. Their cap hit is a meager $530,000 next season and $620,000 in 2017.
Follow Tyler Conway (@jtylerconway) on Twitter. All contract info courtesy of Spotrac.
Alabama prisoners who say they are unfairly penalized for being HIV-positive are taking their accusations of discrimination to federal court today.
Lawyers from the American Civil Liberties Union will begin arguments today in a court in Birmingham on behalf of approximately 250 HIV-positive Alabama inmates whose rights, they say, are being violated under the Americans with Disabilities Act.
The lawsuit was the subject of an impassioned letter in the Washington Post this weekend by pop star Elton John, founder of the Elton John AIDS foundation.
"If you want to know what it was like to live with HIV/AIDS in the 1980s, state prisons in Alabama or South Carolina in 2012 offer some tragic examples," John wrote. "But HIV is no longer a death sentence; simply having the virus merits neither cruel and unusual punishment nor the denial of opportunities to earn one's way back into society."
Under the current policies of the Alabama Department of Correction, HIV-positive inmates are forced to wear white armbands designating them as HIV-positive, are isolated from the general prison population, and are excluded from work-release and rehabilitation programs, delaying or harming their transition back into society, according to the suit.
The prisoners can also get in trouble for mixing with the general population. Albert Knox, a prisoner named as a plaintiff in the suit, spent 45 days in a disciplinary segregation cell after they ate lunch with non-HIV prisoners they met through a substance abuse program offered at the prison.
The lawsuit alleges that the segregation is "stigmatizing and humiliating."
The state asked the U.S. federal court in Birmingham last week to dismiss the suit on the grounds that the ACLU had not proved that there would be no risk of infection to other prisoners if the HIV patients were fully integrated. The court denied the state's request, setting the stage for arguments beginning today about whether the policy violates the rights of the inmates.
Alabama and South Carolina are the only states that continue to separate HIV-positive inmates from the general population in state prisons.
According to the lawsuit, many states adopted similar policies in the 1980s at the height of the "public fear over the HIV/AIDS epidemic." But by 1994, only six states maintained separate populations, and by 2003, only three states continued to keep HIV-positive inmates apart from the general population, according to the suit.
In 2010, the Mississippi Department of Corrections ended its separation policy, leaving Alabama and South Carolina as the only states to continue with inmate separation.
The Alabama Department of Corrections did not return calls for comment.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Barcelona Mascardi reveals striker's desire to stay with Juventus
As the man who initially helped bring the striker to Europe, Gustavo Mascardi has revealed that Juventus starlet, Paulo Dybala, previously rejected a move to La Liga giants, Barcelona.
Following their €40 million switch last summer, the former Palermo talisman made a magnificent start to life in Turin, as they finished as the Serie A's second highest goalscorer with 19 goals from 34 league appearances.
As a result, the 22-year-old's future at the club has been under intense scrutiny, with reports suggesting that a whole host of Europe's elite, including Manchester United, Real Madrid and Barcelona, were strongly interested in securing the player's services.
Consequently, Mascardi has revealed that the Blaugrana did make an enticing offer for Dybala, although insisted that the striking starlet is primarily focused on their future with the Bianconeri.
"When I speak with Paulo and their agent, Pierpaolo Triulzi, I know that the lad is really on the right track," said the founder of Group Mascardi. "A year ago Inter and AC Milan also wanted him, but they were right to choose the club which would give them more protection.
"His career at Juventus has only just begun. As for their future, the transfer market can offer a lot of temptations, but Paulo has shown themselves to have clear ideas.
"It's true that in recent months Barcelona were interested in La Joya, I think they made a bid of double what the Bianconeri paid.
"But the player's first consideration was that it was more important to consolidate their experience at a club which is giving them the opportunity to succeed at the highest levels."
Select Page 1 - GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING 2 - Test Setup 3 - OC GURU II - GPU Clock 4 - OC GURU II - Overclocking 5 - The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt 6 - Grand Theft Auto V 7 - Dying Light 8 - Far Cry 4 9 - Battlefield 4 10 - Power and Temp 11 - Conclusion
Date: Tuesday , August 11, 2015 Author: Brent Justice Editor: Kyle Bennett
GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING Video Card Review Today we review a custom built retail factory overclocked GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING video card. This video card is built to overclock in every way. We'll take this video card, compare it to the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X and overclock the GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING to its highest potential. The overclocking potential is amazing.
Introduction
The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti video card was released on June 1st, 2015. We began our evaluation with a preview on launch day, going over the specifications and early performance. Immediately our interest was piqued when we discovered just from the preview that performance was very close to GeForce GTX TITAN X levels.
We followed-up with our full evaluation on June 15th of 2015. We discovered with no shadow of a doubt that this $649 video card was performing within 10% of GeForce GTX TITAN X performance. The GeForce GTX TITAN X costs $999.
Amazingly we had a video card that performed close to TITAN X levels of performance, with half the VRAM at 6GB versus 12GB on the TITAN X. It seemed like an amazing deal. Of course, this was just a reference video card and it was yet to see the potential from actual retail custom video cards.
Today we have our first evaluation, and many more to come, of a custom retail video card with a factory overclock and custom cooling. The GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING is the pinnacle of GTX 980 Ti offerings from GIGABYTE. It represents the highest factory overclock, and the best potential for overclocking performance. The MSRP is $689.99, but this cost premium over the reference $649 pricing offers you more, and the potential to have a cooler, quieter, and better performing GTX 980 Ti.
GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING Introduction
The official product naming for the video card we are evaluating is GV-N98TG1 GAMING-6GD. On the box, and for simplicities sake, it is called GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING. It is the "G1 GAMING" that sets it apart from the other two models GIGABYTE offers. This video card has an MSRP of $689.99. It is the most expensive model, but there are reasons for that.
GIGABYTE also offers a GV-N98TWF3OC-6GD model and a GV-N98TD5-6GD-B. The former is a custom design but doesn't have as high of a factory overclock as the G1 GAMING. It also has a different cooler design and doesn't use hand-culled GPUs like the G1 GAMING. The latter model is a simple reference design GTX 980 Ti with GIGABYTE box and software.
One big difference between the two custom video cards is the expansion of display output connections, which we will talk about. Naturally, all three models have 6GB of VRAM as that is standard on all GTX 980 Ti video cards.
GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING Information
Since this video card is based on the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980 Ti GPU it shares all the same specs as the reference GPU. It is based on 28nm, has 2816 CUDA Cores, 176 Texture Units, 96 ROPs, 6GB of GDDR5 at 7GHz on a 384-bit bus for 336GB/sec of memory bandwidth. It supports DX12 Feature Level 12.1, SLI, and there are drivers for Windows 10.
Now the specs that differ. The GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING model uses two 8-pin power connectors versus one 6-pin and one 8-pin on the reference model. The GIGABYTE video card also carries a factory overclock at 1152MHz Base Clock and 1241MHz Boost Clock. A reference GTX 980 Ti runs at 1000MHz Base Clock and 1075MHz Boost Clock.
As you can see, that is quite a big difference for a factory overclock, so it should perform a lot faster than a reference GTX 980 Ti out-of-the-box. The memory runs at the same 7GHz. There is also a difference in output connectors, with a more expanded option on the GIGABYTE video card explained below. GIGABYTE is also using an 8-phase GPU power design and Ultra Durable graphics card components.
There are many aspects that set the GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING apart from a reference GeForce GTX 980 Ti. Let's break down each one.
GPU Gauntlet Sorting - Think of this as hand-culled GPUs that have the best chance of reaching higher clock speeds. That means the "G1 GAMING" version should offer the best overclocking potential out of the GPUs specified for the other two models GIGABYTE offers. If overclocking is your main goal with a GTX 980 Ti, this is the model video card you want.
WINDFORCE 3X Cooling - GIGABYTE has a new WINDFORCE 3X cooling system that is rated up to a heat dissipation capacity of 600W. That means there is plenty of headroom for extreme overclocking with voltage increase.
The fan blades have a unique design that increases air flow by 23%. Triangle Cool Technology is GIGABYTE's own technology that shapes the fins with clip into a triangle shape that supposedly improves cooling performance by 35% by improving efficiency of heat dissipation and minimizing flow for turbulence. Actual fin architecture area is increased by 45%.
There are six composite heat pipes that make up the heatsink. There are five 8mm and one 6mm heat pipes that improve heat dissipation by up to 29%. Though this slide doesn't show it, the heatplate and heatpipes are all copper. The fins on the heatsink are aluminum. This makes the video card heavy, but also better cooled using copper materials.
The front shroud is a full metal fan shroud with stylish coloring. It wraps around the sides of the video card, and the rear as well. On the back is a full back-plate. All of this adds stability to the video card, so even though it is heavy, it won't break in half when you pick it up or have it inside your case with no support.
Fan Stop and Indicators - We put the fan stop and indicator features under its own category since this is a feature in-itself unique to custom video cards only. The GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING can completely stop the fans from spinning while idling, or performing light tasks. The fans spin up when the temperature hits a certain level. We experienced that level to be 62c. When the GPU hit 62c the fans turned on.
When the fans are spinning, the "WINDFORCE" LED logo lights up. When the video card's fans are stopped the "Silent" and "STOP" LED logos light up on the edge of the video card. Since video cards are usually fan-side down in cases, this allows you to look throw a windowed case and at once glance see if the fans are spinning or stopped.
GIGABYTE doesn't stop there though. With OC GURU II you can change the color of the "WINDFORCE" LED logo. As you can see in the slide above colors range from white, to yellow, to blue, to purple, to red to green and to light blue. You can select whatever color you want, or leave it on Auto.
Flex Display - One strong point of the GeForce GTX 980 Ti reference design has been its display output options. However, GIGABYTE has expanded upon and given you even more options. A reference GTX 980 Ti has one dual-link DVI-I connector, one HDMI 2.0 connector and three DisplayPort connectors.
The GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING expands this to one dual-link DVI-I connector, one dual-link DVI-D connector, one HDMI 2.0 connector and three DisplayPort connectors. This gives gamers greater flexibility in how they need to connect multiple displays to the video card.
The video card supports 4 monitors, and the video card auto-detects the configuration. With the added customization options, it offers more options than the AMD Radeon R9 Fury X with only three DisplayPort connectors and HDMI 1.4.
OC GURU II - OC GURU II is GIGABYTE's overclocking software. It is easy to use, and we will show it on the overclocking page. One thing to note, it allows a very high power target, and it has voltage controls that actually work. What you set, you see in-game.
There are also three GPU Clock modes supported at the click of a button. There is an OC Mode, the "GAMING" mode which is the default mode, and then an ECO Mode. We will talk about this on a following page. The card runs out-of-the-box in the default "GAMING" mode.
GIGABYTE GTX 980 Ti G1 GAMING Pictures
The exact card size according to GIGABYTE is: H=42mm, L=309mm, W=135 mm. Two 8-pin power connectors are needed.
Devastating floods hit Assam ever year, and we, the people of Northeast, are always left outraged by the ignorance of rest of India.
Flood is one of the most severe disasters affecting people across the globe. India is the worst flood-affected country in the world after Bangladesh, and accounts for one-fifth of global death count due to floods. In India, the Northeast faces severe rain-induced natural crisis every single year as the region brace itself for series of floods, landslides and communication collapse. Yet, no one bats an eye. Is it because of our messed-up priorities? But, how do we prioritize in the first place?
This brings me to the priority-setting role of the media. The power of news media to set a country's agenda, to concentrate attention on a couple of key issues, is a colossal and recorded impact. Not only do viewers and readers obtain information about current affairs, but also determine how much significance to attach to an issue based on emphasis placed on it by the media. Daily newspapers give a large group of signs about the importance of a topic: lead story on page one, other front page stories, and so forth. TV news likewise offers various prompts about the nature of importance: the opening story on the broadcast, time allotment given to the story, and so on. This prompts, repeated day-after-day, adequately convey the significance of every subject. In other words, the news media can set the agenda for people; focus the public's consideration regarding a little group of issues around which public opinion and sentiment forms.
Insurgency is often blamed for the national media's lack of interest in the Northeast, for there was nothing to write about except insurgency. The insurgency has also summoned fear among individuals that is also one of the reasons why journalists limit to cover the stories related to Northeast.
The Northeast region is encompassed by Himalayan range and small hills. Because of which, the region hasn't seen much development. The Northeast Indian states have the lowest Gross State Domestic Product (GDSP) among Indian states. This makes the portability of news troublesome. The locale doesn't have sufficient assets that can truly help transport news due to poor communication and transport facilities.
The metro-driven media has never paid any heed to Northeast, or any other remote parts of India. The national media goes over the edge when a woman is assaulted and raped in the capital, but the rape and murder victim in Manipur never got an equivalent reaction.
Further, it is said that it's not the media to blame but the lack of marketing opportunities. The media concentrates on just those things which can bring them great viewership and in turn the highest TRP. The most reported issues from the Northeast states include crime, politics, insurgency, disasters, and law and order. With the national media, particularly the English media, losing enthusiasm for crime or human interest stories that don't concern the wealthy; they intentionally ignore most of the population since it is felt that India's urban and high society couldn't care less for such things.
But should this stop the national media from covering the Northeast? As far as I am concerned, no.
SUNNYVALE — A pair of burglary suspects captured on home surveillance as they ransacked a home last week were arrested early Tuesday in Turlock, according to the Sunnyvale Department of Public Safety.
Carrisa Barreto, 36, and Fernando Ricardo Angeles, 34, both of Sunnyvale, were taken into custody after being spotted in the Central Valley town by a California Highway Patrol officer, Sunnyvale Capt. Jeff Hunter said.
The two were in a parked car when the CHP officer ran the vehicle's license plate and learned they were wanted in a Friday burglary at a home on East Duane Avenue. Barreto and Angeles were arrested and booked into Stanislaus County jail. They both had arrest warrants issued for violating their probation, and Angeles was additionally booked on suspicion of having methamphetamine and an accompanying pipe.
They were named as suspects in the Sunnyvale burglary thanks to the homeowner's security cameras, which recorded them rifling through the home, where they took electronics, Hunter said. The high-definition images allowed investigators to identify Barreto and Angeles through their active warrants.
Eddie Murphy is, above all else, an entertainer. The dude lives to make people feel shit. From their start on Saturday Night Live in the early 80s, to a standup comedy career that produced Raw (to this day one of the most legendary standup films ever released), to a movie career that was one of the strongest draws in Hollywood during the 80s and early 90s, you get the feeling from looking at their comprehensive material that through Murphy's career, he's been a Renaissance man of another sort altogether, even if the past decade or so has, more often than not, found them in shitty movies and family films, altering their legacy from the sort of funny dude who is a stark representative of 80s humor to that of someone who's more famous for their light, children-family comedy in films like Shrek.
For proof of this, look no further than their foray into music. In 1985—in the middle of the peak of their career—Murphy recorded their first studio album, How Could It Be, which featured their biggest hit, “Party All The Time,” produced by Rick James. Murphy's music was characterised by high-pitched vocals, booming 80s synth, and the unintentional comedy of listening to Eddie fucking Murphy sing about love and shit.
After their follow-ups, 1989's So Happy and 1993's Love's Alright, Murphy's music career just kind of ended. And then, in 2013, they released three songs from a yet-to-be-released full length called 9, which saw them shift into several new bizarre directions; a neo-soul track called “Promise (You Won't Break My Heart),” a gospel-influenced song, “Temporary,” and the crown jewel, a reggae song with the artist formerly known as Snoop Lion.
And then, they stopped. The album never came out. But now, after a full year of no further movement on their new record, Murphy dropped another reggae single, “Oh Jah Jah,” this month. So, in order to meet the dire needs of a demographic chomping at the bit for a Eddie Murphy retrospective, I listened to their entire musical output in a couple of hours. Here's what I found.
Eddie Murphy (1982)
Eddie Murphy's definitely-dated (and, in 2015, pretty cringeworthy) debut comedy album featured two parody songs on the second half of the record: “Boogie In Your Butt,” which features the hook “Boogie in your butt,” interspersed with Murphy alternating rants like “I ain't putting boogie in nobody butt, man, that's nasty” with 80s hip-hop rhymes like “Put a tin can, in your butt / put a little tiny man, in your butt.” The closing track to the record, “Enough Is Enough” is just early 80s Eddie Murphy imitating what they think a gay man sounds like for four and a half minutes. This is the same record that opens with a bit called “Faggots,” so, yeah.
Actual lyrics.
How Could It Be (1985)
Eddie Murphy's debut music album saw them enlist some heavyweights to help them flesh out their sound. The record is bookended by two Steve Wonder tracks, “Do I” (all things considered, the best song on the record) and “Everything's Coming Up Roses.” There are also two Rick James songs—the title track and the asupervisorstioned hit, "Party All The Time.” To this day, “Party All The Time” is one of the biggest songs ever by a celebrity who forayed into music, accentuated by a glorious video of the studio featuring Rick James coming to the slow realisation that this song is the greatest jam since music was invented, and a million other people losing their respective shit.
On the three tracks where Murphy has the sole writing credit, they get pretty experimental, as much as you'd expect them to. “Con Confused” is a poppy disco track, “I, Me, Us, We” is pure Parliament worship, and “My God Is Color Blind” sounds like Eddie Murphy trying to write a Stevie Wonder anti-racism song. All in all, a strong debut.
So Happy (1989)
Where How Could It Be saw Murphy throwing the kitchen sink at a potential sound, So Happy is focused on condensing an entire decade in 12 songs. It has all the hallmarks of the 80s: blaring horns, fat bass, the reverb-y snare. The standouts on this record are “I Got It,” where Murphy shows remarkable range in a song that fits in nicely with bouncy R&B in the late 80s/early 90s and the penultimate track, “Let's Get With It,” a booming track co-written by Larry Blackmon, the lead singer of Cameo and the dude who wrote “Word Up.”
The one track on this record that doesn't seem to fit happens to be the title track. It almost has a Depeche Mode new wave feel to it. It breaks up the flow of the album a bit, but it's worth listening to just so you can say, “Hey, this Eddie Murphy song sounds like Depeche Mode.”
Love's Alright (1993)
The third record, and to date most recent, came out in 1993, and sounds a lot like an album that came out in 1983. It takes all of the drive of So Happy and experimentation of How Could It Be, cuts both out, and waters down everything else. The real highlight of this record is a duet with Michael Jackson called “Whatzupwitu,” which has a truly hilarious music video that looks like Eric Andre's wet dream and is arguably the progenitors of Budweiser's "Whazzaap" ad campaign. Everything else kinda stinks. This is Eddie Murphy's worst record.
9 (???)
In the 20 years between Love's Alright and these three songs from the unreleased 9, Murphy learned how to play guitar. I know, because the fact that they play guitar is featured prominently on all of the videos.
The reggae song, “Red Light,” is pretty standard reggae. I don't listen to reggae, but I once saw a reggae band fronted by a white guy with dreads who was the highest person I've ever seen in my life, and this is way better than that.
The next single, “Temporary,” has a truly atrocious guitar tone and some pretty corny lyrics, but Murphy's vocal range and the fullness of the choir behind hi90m make it better than at least half of their discography.
“Promise (You Won't Break My Heart)” is a real 90s throwback, super reminiscent of Brian McKnight and early D'Angelo. There's an over-the-top jazz guitar solo, but this is a song that is pretty hard to dislike.
Finally, the most recent track, released this year, throws away the last two singles and moves back towards “Red Light.” This song has a lot of protest sentiment behind it, with lines like “I saw the preacher taking nickels from the welfare babies” and “Police in the street shooting down black babies,” and is littered with references to Babylon. And while Murphy's voice is always front and center, this track seems to show that their knowledge of melody is improving, and the vocals are pretty catchy.
All in all, Eddie Murphy has about four truly good songs over the course of three records and an EP worth of material. That's better than most bands and artists manage over the course of a career, and you have to respect Murphy's commitment to continuing their career 20 years after it seemingly ended. But beyond all that, taken out of context and putting aside the irony of listening to one of the biggest comedians of all time belt out a Michael Jackson impression over songs that sound like late-era James Brown—the dude has a hell of a voice, one that carries even their stinkers to mediocrity. And that alone is worth a few listens.
Muzaffarnagar: A village Khap panchayat in the district has decided that it will not allow police to arrest those allegedly involved in five incidents of gangrape during last year's riots.
The decision was taken on Wednesday at a meeting of Khap Panchayat of Ghatwala council in Fugana village which was also attended by Khap head of Haryana, Choudhary Baljit Singh.
"The panchayat has decided that it will not allow police to arrest any of the accused inside the village," Ghatwala council head Harkishan Singh Malik said.
The council also announced that it will hold an all Khap councils heads meet in the village on 9 February to discuss further on the issue, they added.
The Special Investigation Team, constituted by Uttar Pradesh government to probe into last year's Muzaffarnagar riots, had sent a list of 22 accused in five gangrape cases to the local police asking them to make the arrests.
The arrest of one of the accused Vedpal on 24 January had triggered protests by locals and Khap members. Police had met with resistance from irate locals when it had gone to the village to arrest the accused.
Over 60 people were killed and more than 40,000 people displaced in communal violence in Muzaffarnagar and adjoining areas in September last year.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Just Breathe: Body Has A Built-In Stress Reliever
toggle caption Courtesy of the Center for Art & Photography at Cleveland Clinic
There are plenty of ways to relieve stress -- exercise, a long soak in a hot bath, or even a massage. But believe it or not, something you're doing right now, probably without even thinking about it, is a proven stress reliever: breathing.
As it turns out, deep breathing is not only relaxing, it's been scientifically proven to affect the heart, the brain, digestion, the immune system -- and maybe even the expression of genes.
Mladen Golubic, a physician in the Cleveland Clinic's Center for Integrative Medicine, says that breathing can have a profound impact on our physiology and our health.
"You can influence asthma; you can influence chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; you can influence heart failure," Golubic says. "There are studies that show that people who practice breathing exercises and have those conditions -- they benefit."
He's talking about modern science, but these techniques are not new. In India, breath work called pranayama is a regular part of yoga practice. Yoga practitioners have used pranayama, which literally means control of the life force, as a tool for affecting both the mind and body for thousands of years.
Take A Breath
Judi Bar teaches yoga to patients with chronic diseases at the Cleveland Clinic. Bar uses yoga and modifications of traditional yoga breathing exercises as a way to help them manage their pain and disease.
What Happens In The Body When We're Stressed? The physiological stress response is actually designed to be an asset. It speeds the heart rate and diverts blood away from the gut and to the muscles so we can run away. It constricts the pupils of our eyes so we can focus on our attacker. It dilates the bronchi of the lungs to increase blood oxygenation, and converts energy stored in the liver into fuel for strength and stamina. In short, it keeps us safe, says Esther Sternberg, physician and author of several books on stress and healing. It's in a part of the brain called the hypothalamus, which makes a hormone called CRH, or corticotropin-releasing hormone. Sternberg says that when you are stressed, you are bathing yourself in a whole soup of other nerve chemicals and hormones. But if they hang around too long, those same nerve chemicals and hormones can impair the immune system. Eventually, stress hormones make the adrenal glands release another hormone called cortisol. Cortisone, which is the drug form of the hormone cortisol, is one of the most powerful anti-inflammatory drugs available. "What's happening when you're stressed is that your own body is giving itself multiple shots of that anti-inflammatory hormone, and so that tunes down your immune system's ability to do its job to fight infection," Sternberg says. — Gretchen Cuda
"Our breaths will either wake us up or energize us. It will relax us, or it will just balance us," Bar says.
They demonstrate a "firebreath."
"So, at first we pant like a little doggy, and then we close our mouth, and then the nostril breath starts right after that. OK, here we go," they say.
Bar then begins to pant, first with an open mouth and then through the nose. It almost makes you feel lightheaded just watching. Afterward, they say they feel a little dizzy but energized enough to run around the block a couple of times.
Putting On The Brake
Research has shown that breathing exercises like these can have immediate effects by altering the pH of the blood, or changing blood pressure.
But more importantly, they can be used as a method to train the body's reaction to stressful situations and dampen the production of harmful stress hormones. Esther Sternberg is a physician, author of several books on stress and healing, and researcher at the National Institute of Mental Health. They say rapid breathing is controlled by the sympathetic nervous system. It's part of the "fight or flight" response -- the part activated by stress.
In contrast, slow, deep breathing actually stimulates the opposing parasympathetic reaction -- the one that calms us down
"The relaxation response is controlled by another set of nerves -- the main nerve being the Vagus nerve. Think of a car throttling down the highway at 120 miles an hour. That's the stress response, and the Vagus nerve is the brake," says Sternberg. "When you are stressed, you have your foot on the gas, pedal to the floor. When you take slow, deep breaths, that is what is engaging the brake."
Changing Gene Expression
Harvard researcher Herbert Benson coined the term "The Relaxation Response" in 1975 with a book of the same name. In it, Benson used scientific research to show that short periods of meditation, using breathing as a focus, could alter the body's stress response.
In their new book, Relaxation Revolution, Benson claims their research shows that breathing can even change the expression of genes. They say that by using your breath, you can alter the basic activity of your cells with your mind.
"It does away with the whole mind-body separation," Benson says. "Here you can use the mind to change the body, and the genes we're changing were the very genes acting in an opposite fashion when people are under stress."
Of course, breathing is not the answer to every medical problem. But Benson and others agree: The breath isn't something Western medicine should blow off. It's a powerful tool for influencing individual health and well-being. And the best part is all the ingredients are free and literally right under your nose.
Shu Uemura Eyeshadows: New shades from the Colour Atelier launch
Shu Uemura Eyeshadows: Over 40 new shades now launched!
Shu Uemura Eyeshadow Swatches: The Beiges
Shu Uemura Eyeshadow Swatches: The Browns
Shu Uemura Eyeshadow Swatches: The Greys
Shu Uemura has launched over 40 new eyeshadow shades, and I've finally swatched all these new shades at last! If you've seen my a previous Shu uemura eyeshadow swatch post ,, then you've seen part 1 of the swatches, and today we'll be finishing up with part 2! In part 1, we swatched mostly colours, so now we're moving onto the neutral shades. So, if you liked browns, beiges, and greys, the swatches for those shades are all here!For those who aren't familiar with the shade names, the shade finishes are denoted by their names - M stands for Matte, ME for Metallic, IR for Iridescent, P for Pearl, and S for Satin. Generally ME shades have the most shimmery finish, followed by P shades and IR shades, followed by S shades (which are pretty close to matte, in my opinion), and lastly, with no shimmer at all, the M shades.Anyway without further ado, let's move on to the swatches!is a matte light beige shade, very useful as an all-over lid brightener.is also a light matte shaded, similar to M814, but is a pink-based beige instead, and would serve a similar purpose.is basically a matte white shade. I'm not sure if this is supposed to be white, or some sort of off-white shade, but it pretty much swatches white on me.is a matte pink-beige shade, a hair darker than M816.is a gorgeous, gorgeous shade of brown-based taupe. This is a great neutral shade that I could imagine seeing on a variety of skintones.(yes I know it says M853 in the original photo - I made an error!) is a metallic warm tan-brown shade that has an orange lean.is quite similar to ME853 when swatched on me, except less orange. It's also a light tan metallic shade, like a copper penny.is a lovely neutral shade, a brown-grey deep matte.is a matte deep neutral brown. Like M874, these are good workhorse shades for a crease colour. This particular shade could also work for filling in brows.(oops another error - this is what happens when you edit a whole bunch of photos at once) is a metallic deep neutral brown with a chocolate undertone. This is gorgeous, I tell you, absolutely gorgeous!is a lovely brown shade with a green irisdescence. This shade is sort of similar to MAC Club, if Club was lighter. The iridescence is also less obvious in this shade, and is just a hint.is a deep brown matte, less red than M882, and more grey. And like M882, it also works for a variety of uses - crease colour, brow colour, and so on.is a shimmery deep brown with a neutral undertone and a metallic finish. This is quite similar to ME883, but I think a hair darker.is a matte light grey shade that reminds me of concrete. Unlike a lot of greys, this one doesn't pull too blue on me.is a stunning, metallic silvery gunmetal medium grey shade. It looks so nice with the silvery foiled finish!is a shimmery deep grey, that looks more black in the pan than it swatches on me. On my skin, this looks like a deep grey, but not a blackcend grey.is a cooltoned deep blue-grey.is basically a shimmery black. Or at least, it looks like black to me - it could be an almost-black grey shade, but when swatched alone, it just looks black.As usual, the pigmentation on these shades was generally excellent across the board. Shu Uemura eyeshadows are something of a cult product from the brand (along with their cleansing oils), so I'm not surprised that the quality is good. Shu Uemura's eyeshadows work on a modular system - you buy the individual pans, and can buy palettes to put your eyeshadow combinations in. For the launch of these eyeshadows, the Shu Uemura website has a pretty cool function where you can upload any photo of your choice (from your computer, Instagram, etc.) to their site and get a recommended colour palette to recreate the key colours and moods in the photo, so you can check that out and play around too.
Colin Kaepernick's protest seems to be gaining steam with some of their fellow NFL players, however, it doesn't seem to be catching on with the rest of the country.
In two recent polls that were both conducted within the past week, a majority of respondents said that they disagree with Kaepernick's decision to protest racial inequality and police brutality by not standing for the national anthem.
In one poll, which was conducted by Reuters, 72 percent of Americans said that they thought Kaepernick's behavior was unpatriotic. Another 61 percent said that they do not "support the stance Colin Kaepernick is taking and their decision not to stand during the national anthem."
The Reuters poll of 2,903 adults was conducted between Sept. 6-12. Kaepernick's protest went public on Aug. 26.
The poll included 1,481 people who identified as white and 612 people who identified as racial minorities. Of those two groups, 70 percent of whites disagreed with Kaepernick's stance, while only 40 percent of racial minorities disagreed with the 49ers quarterback.
Although many respondents disagree with Kaepernick's stance, 64 percent of all the people who were surveyed agreed that Kaepernick has a constitutional right to protest and shouldn't be punished by the NFL.
In another poll, which was conducted by SurveyMonkey, 44 percent of people said they are "not supportive at all of Kaepernick's protest." Another 29 percent said they did support it and the rest were unsure.
In the Survey Monkey poll, which was conducted Sept. 13-14, 60 percent of respondents said Kaepernick should not be punished by the NFL for their protesting.
Since starting their protest in August, 13 NFL players have joined Kaepernick's cause. The 49ers quarterback has said that he's going to keep sitting during the national anthem until "meaningful change" occurs in our country.
In 2015 I chatted with Yale Fox who launched a website called LandlordWatch that combined citizen-journalism, housing activism and problem-solving with social technologies to list the worst landlords and worst apartments in Toronto based on violations. The website used open government data provided by the City of Toronto in order to create transparency in the rental housing market.
All of their data was downloaded from the City of Toronto's open data catalogues. All inspections were conducted by third party city inspectors.
The 100 worst buildings are the buildings with the most violations on a per-year basis. The 100 worst landlords were calculated by the landlord or company with the the most violations over the time period of 2014 – 2016.
Landlord Watch worked with the company Acorn (Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now), an independent national organization of low- and moderate-income families who believe that social and economic justice can be achieved with a national group of active members working together for change. They have spearheaded many important social justice campaigns including ones that deal with payday lending, tenant issues, disability rights and fair banking.
The group, along with Landlord Watch, believes that new licensing should be brought in for landlords that would better serve the tenants and the government.
Marva Burnett, President of ACORN Canada and Chair of Scarborough ACORN had these things to say about the issue.
“For 12 years ACORN has fought for a Landlord Licensing, program for apartment buildings which would be similar to the Dine Safe program used for the city's restaurants. Landlord Licensing would help ensure that tenants in this city are protected. We are excited to be working with Yale Fox of Rentlogic on LandlordWatch. ACORN members are primarily low and moderate income tenants and we welcome any new tools that demonstrate and help address the problems we are experiencing. LandlordWatch will clearly show that our landlords are not doing their part and that the city's basic maintenance standards are not being met. There is a clear need for a licensing regime for landlords. Ultimately, the City of Toronto needs a proactive inspection system with real tenant engagement in order to ensure that tenants have healthy homes. LandlordWatch would provide critical information for ACORN members and tenants.”
“LandlordWatch is an important tool for tenants. It also clearly demonstrates the current system of inspections is too reliant on tenant complaints or proactive city councillors. It clearly shows a need for a rigorous pro-active inspection program through landlord licensing, with a focus on tenant engagement and outreach to let them know the City will go after bad landlords.”
5 Worst Landlords and 5 Worst Apartments in Toronto.
WORST LANDLORDS
1. TORONTO COMMUNITY HOUSING 6322
2. BNAI FISHEL CORPORATION 1106
3. 1147335 ONTARIO INC 769
4. SUN LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY OF CANADA 702
5. 2021349 ONTARIO LIMITED 580
WORST APARTMENTS
1. 103 & 105 West Lodge Avenue – BNAI Fishel Corporation – 968 Violations
2. 275 Bleecker Street – Toronto Community Housing – 926 Violations
3. 1765 – 1775 Weston Road – 1147335 Ontario Inc. – 769 Violations
4. 15 Martha Eaton Way – Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada – 702 Violations
5. 34 HEYDON PARK RD – GUPTA RAKESH, GUPTA SWARASH – 516 Violations
For more info on ACORN Canada, visit their website.
For information about landlords from the city of Toronto, visit their website.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. employment rose more than expected for the second month in a row in July and wages picked up, bolstering expectations of faster economic growth, and raising the probability of a Federal Reserve interest rate increase this year.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by 255,000 jobs after an upwardly revised 292,000 surges in June, with hiring broadly based across the sectors of the economy, the Labor Department said on Friday. In addition, 18,000 more jobs were created in May and June than previously reported.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast payrolls increasing 180,000 in July and the unemployment rate dipping one-tenth of a percentage point to 4.8 percent.
The unemployment rate was unchanged at 4.9 percent as more people entered the labor market.
Highlighting job market strength, average hourly earnings increased a healthy eight cents and are up 2.6 percent year on year, while workers put in more hours.
“The July jobs report was everything you could have asked for and more. Provided the strength in jobs is confirmed with other economic data, the Fed will have sufficient reason to hike (rates) this year,” said Michelle Meyer, a senior economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch in New York.
The U.S dollar .DXY rallied against major currencies after the data, while yields rose on U.S. government debt as traders ramped up bets for an eventual Fed interest rate rise.
U.S. stocks notched their best day in a month on Friday, with the S&P 500 .SPX and Nasdaq .IXIC indexes both closing at record highs. [.N]
The signs of labor market strength, particularly the pickup in wage growth, could become a factor in the U.S. presidential election in November, given voter frustrations with an economic expansion that has left many Americans behind.
U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump plans to lay out their economic vision in a speech on Monday.
FED INTEREST RATE RISE SEEN MORE LIKELY
Last month's strong jobs growth should reinforce the Fed's confidence in a labor market that officials view as at or near full employment. Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said the economy needs to create just under 100,000 jobs a month to keep up with population growth.
The U.S. central bank raised interest rates for the first rise in nearly a decade last December, but since then has held rates steady amid concerns over persistently low U.S. inflation and a global economic growth slowdown.
Given lingering global uncertainties and the upcoming U.S. presidential election, most economists expect another interest rate increase only in December, but financial markets are less sure.
People enter the Nassau County Mega Job Fair at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Uniondale, New York October 7, 2014. U.S. job openings rose to their highest level in more than 13 years in August even as hiring fell, the U.S. Department of Labor said. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton (UNITED STATES - Tags: BUSINESS EMPLOYMENT) - RTR49AUA
After Friday's data, Fed futures contracts were pricing in about a 46 percent chance of a rate hike by the end of this year, up from about 34 percent.
However, more top Wall Street banks now expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. interest rates in 2016 after Friday's jobs report, a Reuters poll conducted on Friday showed.
Of 21 primary U.S. Treasury dealers who do business directly with the Fed, 13 said the U.S. central bank would raise its target interest rate by a quarter percentage point by the end of the year, compared with 8 of 15 primary dealers in a July 8 poll.
Three of the banks polled said the Fed would raise rates at its Sept. 20-21 meeting, a slight shift from a month ago when none thought the Fed would make such a move.
“December is definitely in play,” said Justin Lederer, Treasury strategist at Cantor Fitzgerald, one of the 23 primary dealers, in New York.
RISING WAGES
Last month's 0.3 percent increase in average hourly earnings left the year-on-year gain at 2.6 percent. The average workweek increased by 0.1 hour to 34.5 hours in July, the most since January. With both hours and hourly earnings rising, workers' take-home pay shot up 0.6 percent.
“Businesses are still willing to invest in labor and pay higher wages to retain employees. The combination of strong employment and firming wage growth should remain supportive of income and consumer spending,” said Greg Daco, head of U.S. macroeconomics at Oxford Economics in New York.
The payrolls data added to July auto sales in underscoring the economy's sound fundamentals. The Atlanta Fed is currently forecasting GDP growth accelerating at a 3.8 percent annualized rate in the third quarter, after averaging a tepid 1.0 percent in the last three quarters.
But with the bulk of labor market slack largely absorbed and the economy's recovery from the 2007-2009 recession showing signs of aging, payroll gains will probably drift lower over the next 12 months, economists say.
“While a maturing labor market will translate into lower job creation over the next twelve months, reduced labor market slack should provide an offset through stronger wage growth,” Daco said.
Manufacturing sector employment increased by 9,000 jobs in July after adding 15,000 positions in June. Construction payrolls rose 14,000 following three consecutive months of declines. Mining shed a further 7,000 jobs in July.
Professional and business services, a high wage sector, added a strong 70,000 jobs last month, the most since last October. Retail sector employment increased by 14,700 jobs and payrolls in the leisure and hospitality sector rose by 45,000.
Temporary-help jobs, a harbinger of future hiring, increased 17,000. Healthcare and social assistance payrolls rose by 48,800 jobs, extending the prior month's hefty gains. Government employment increased by 38,000 jobs as state and local authorities stepped up hiring of teachers.
A job seeker (L) talks with a corporate recruiter (R) as they peruse the man's resume at a Hire Our Heroes job fair targeting unemployed military veterans and sponsored by the Cable Show, a cable television industry trade show in Washington, June 11, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst/File Photo
Other details showed a rise in the labor force, which lifted the participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, by one-tenth of a percentage point to 62.8 percent.
The employment-to-population ratio increased to 59.7 percent from 59.6 percent in June.
But a broad measure of unemployment that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment rose one-tenth of a percentage point to 9.7 percent last month.
Police are requesting far less customer information from internet providers and telecommunications companies now that they need to get warrants, a new report from Rogers suggests.
Rogers's 2014 Transparency Report shows that the total number of law enforcement requests for customers' names, addresses and billing records fell from 174,917 in 2013 to 113,655 in 2014.
The biggest drop was in requests for customer names and addresses attached to a listed phone number or an IP address without a warrant.
Rogers said it stopped providing that kind of information without a warrant in June 2014, except in emergencies. That was when the Supreme Court of Canada ruled that internet service providers can't disclose names, addresses and phone numbers of their customers to law enforcement officials voluntarily in response to a simple request — something ISPs had been doing hundreds of thousands of times a year.
Ken Engelhart, Rogers's chief privacy officer, said after reviewing the court ruling and hearing concerns from customers, the company strengthened its policy covering those types of requests.
"We believe this was the main reason for the decrease in requests for 2014 over the previous year," they added in a statement.
In 2014, Rogers provided customer names and addresses linked to:
A phone number only 29,438 times, compared to 87,856 times in 2013.
An IP address, for use in child exploitation investigations, only 384 times, compared to 711 in 2013.
Requests with warrant also down slightly
Surprisingly, following the Supreme Court ruling, law enforcement requests with a court order or warrant also dropped. Rogers got just 71,501 such requests in 2014, compared to 74,415 in 2013.
Such requests can include detailed information, including payment histories, billing records and call records.
Requests from government agencies and departments under laws such as the Customs Act and the Income Tax Act were also slightly down — to 2,315 in 2014, compared to 2,556 in 2013.
Rogers, which published its first transparency report last year, included two new types of information in this year's edition:
The number of requests for the location or contact details of someone who calls 911 from a cellphone – 50,439, down from 55,900 in 2013.
The number of requests it refused, providing no customer information – 2,278
Engelhart noted that if Rogers will refuse requests that it considers too broad, including one last year that involved over 30,000 Rogers customers.
"While the request was withdrawn, we are pursuing the matter in court to ensure your rights are protected in the future," Engelhart wrote on the Rogers Redboard blog.
A report released in March by researchers at the University of Toronto and the University of Ontario Institute of Technology found that most Canadian internet service providers tell customers very little about what they do with customers' personal information.
It found that Teksavvy, Rogers and Telus were the only major internet providers that informed customers through transparency reports about how often third parties request customer data and how often the data is disclosed.
What you are looking at is the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. Just one week ago, the leaks were fairly scarce, and we were looking toward Samsung's March 1 event to let the cat out of the bag – but with leaked pic after leaked pic, and now an official Samsung Galaxy S6 picture (as well as S6 Edge) from Sprint, there's no point claiming that these won't be the new phones announced in Barcelona at this point.
The same “Six Appeal” slogan used in marketing drumming up excitement for the launch is the one used in this image, which further legitimizes it, and the renders of the two phones almost exactly match what we've seen in the past few days (check the links in the first paragraph if you want to see for yourself).
As for the authenticity of the image itself, it does come from reddit (a social media site which anyone can post to), but the person who uploaded this image is marked in the Sprint as a verified employee. So yes, this image is probably real, and yes, those are probably Samsung's two newest creations.
We'll have full coverage available on Sunday. In the meantime, here's a quick guide to all the rumors that have been swirling around the S6.
Source: reddit
Via: Android Police
Sometimes Lucha Castro finds themselves overwhelmed by the horror stories they hear almost every day. The human rights campaigner in the notoriously violent state of Chihuahua, northern Mexico, was struck by that feeling recently, as they listened to an indigenous woman tell of being displaced from their village by organised criminal violence fuelled by corruption and negligence.
“I had to leave the meeting and go outside so I could have a cry without anybody seeing me,” said Castro, in a telephone interview from their home in the state capital, also called Chihuahua. “The truth is that sometimes I do get tired. There is so much suffering, and then you get indignant when you listen to the officials who are so incompetent, intolerant and frivolous.”
But, Castro added, those same stories also spur them on, despite the numerous death threats they have received over the years. “The victims are my teachers, women who have decided to say enough is enough and transform their personal pain into a struggle for their rights,” they said. “I think of the victims who aren't here anymore, and I know that I have to be their voice.”
A new non-fiction graphic novel, La Lucha: The Story of Lucha Castro and Human Rights in Mexico, seeks to capture some of that daily reality. The book, the first in a series of non-fiction graphic novels conceived by the Irish group Front Line Defenders and published in collaboration with Verso, depicts Castro's life, interwoven with those of six other human rights defenders.
Both the text and the sharp black and white illustrations highlight their determination and the pressures they face in a state that has suffered particularly badly from Mexico's drug wars, involving various cartels. An ill-conceived military-led crackdown was intended to contain the violence but instead fuelled it; about 100,000 people are estimated to have been killed across the country since the crackdown was launched in 2006.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Lucha Castro, coordinator of the Center for Human Rights of Woman, in Chihuahua, which supports women affected by violence. Photograph: Courtesy of Front Line Defenders
Castro is convinced that a fall off in the headline-grabbing shootouts and massacres in Chihuahua over recent years is primarily due to inter-cartel deals. Violence remains acute, particularly against women, while the judicial system, police and military are corroded by corruption and prone to human rights abuse, they said. “Things are actually getting worse in many ways, not better.”
Lucha is an abbreviation of Castro's full name, Luz Estela, and the word also means “struggle” in Spanish. Trained as a lawyer, their activism began 20 years ago, sparked by an economic crisis that led to many in Mexico losing their homes and land as the banking system collapsed, though many banks were saved by a huge government bailout. They began by seeking ways to help their own father, but progressed to organising women to draw attention to the impact of the crisis on families.
By the turn of the century, Castro had focused their attention on the murders of hundreds of young women in Chihuahua – most famously in the border city of Ciudad Juárez, but also around the state. With mothers of the victims approaching them for help in the face of official disdain for their plight, Castro formed the organisation Justicia por Nuestras Hijas (Justice for Our Daughters) in 2001.
Recognising that the murders reflected a broader context of systematic misogynist violence in the state, in 2005 they set up another organisation, the Center for the Human Rights of Women (Cedehm). The centre began by providing support for women facing all kinds of violence, but soon identified a need to defend the defenders themselves, who are at risk of reprisals for speaking out.
Castro became particularly close to Marisela Escobedo's campaign for justice for their murdered daughter, Ruby Frayre, after their daughter's boyfriend was acquitted of the killing despite confessing to the crime. The story is contained in the novel. Escobedo was assassinated in December 2010, while they were camped outside a government office to demand justice in the case.
By then Castro's persistence and bravery were beginning to get noticed internationally. The idea of the novel emerged after Front Line Defenders nominated them for an award in 2011.
Castro was initially suspicious of the idea. “I thought, what, a comic? What's that got to do with human rights in Mexico? But I didn't say anything then.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The graphic novel depicts the daily reality and pressures for human rights defenders in a state where violence is endemic. Illustration: Jon Sack.
The 63-year-old was confused, they added, when the group's head of campaigns, Adam Shapiro, travelled to Chihuahua two years ago with Jon Sack, an author and illustrator. Neither spoke Spanish, and Castro doesn't speak English, but they followed them around for two weeks with a notebook, camera and sketchpad.
Castro underlines that, as dramatic as the stories in the novel are, their centre is now under even greater pressure because it has acquired dozens more cases of forced disappearances involving government officials, police or soldiers.
“If they followed me now, it would be very different,” they said, indicating the police bodyguards who have been assigned to them by order of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights. “The level of risk has risen a lot because the types of case have changed.”
All this, Castro stressed, means the book could not have come at a better time. “It raises the cost to the state of anything happening to me,” they said. “It also raises the cost of the kind of smear campaigns against human rights defenders that the government likes to do.”
Castro said the book has also had an important personal impact. Them four children now live far away, for fear they could be targeted as a means of silencing their mother. And while the family tries to get together once a year, and Castro spends much of their free time writing stories for their grandchildren, they admit that the work can be not only draining but also lonely.
“I was so struck by the fact that they came all that way to pay attention to me and my country,” they said. “International attention really helps your self esteem. It helps us avoid those feelings of being isolated and forgotten.”
During a recent public interview, Eddie Van Halen indicated that their son (and Van Halen bandmate) Wolfgang is working on a solo album.
"Wait until you hear their record," Eddie told Denise Quan while speaking about Wolfgang during an hour long public interview at the Smithsonian National Museum Of American History in Los Angeles. "This is not [his] pop talking, this is real talk, it blew my mind."
When asked when we could expect to hear the project, the elder Van Halen said, "They just started, probably end of the year." Now, it is possible that Eddie is referring to their son's job as bassist for the band Tremonti , but Wolfgang themselves announced that work on the group's upcoming second album was completed back in December . That as-yet untitled record is tentatively scheduled for an early 2015 release.
To further fuel speculation, for the past month of so Wolfgang has been posting photos of mixing boards, tape consoles and instruments on their Instagram account .
Eddie was touchingly enthusiastic when asked what it was like to work with Wolfgang in Van Halen. "Oh man, talk about fresh blood! I don't even know how to put that into words. For one, what father wouldn't want to play with their son. Especially one who's as talented as they are. They just fit in like a glove... it breathed a breath of fresh air into my life. I was actually going through a pretty rough time when they joined the band. I was still drinking at the time. I got sober during that first tour. I was so nervous. [But] every time I looked at my son, I'm going 'okay, if my 16-year-old son can be kicking ass like that, I better suck it up here.' They gave me the strength to be able to do that, and here we are."
Diehard fans have to wonder if any of the other members of Van Halen would take part in a Wolfgang solo project, the closest we've been to new music since Eddie Van Halen's son joined the group for 2012's A Different Kind of Truth , their first album with David Lee Roth since 1984. Wolfgang has been touring with Van Halen since they replaced Michael Anthony in 2006.
Van Halen, the band, has yet to confirm an avalanche of reports stating that they will be releasing a live album this March. ' Tokyo Dome Live in Concert ' would be the group's second live record, and the first to feature Roth on vocals.
Van Halen Albums: Ranked Worst to Best
DAILY NEWS, / By Sta
Ljubljan, 8 February - Slovenians are expected to flock to cultural events on Wednesday as the country observes Culture Day, a bank holiday marking the death anniversary of Romantic poet France Prešeren (1800-1849).
Many cultural institutions will open their doors to visitors admission free and cultural ceremonies and events will be held throughout the country, many involving the reading of Prešeren's poetry.
The day is an occasion for reflection on Prešeren as a poet and historic figure and on the meaning of culture and language for the nation and the country.
On the eve of the holiday, the prizes bearing the poet's name are handed out for artistic achievements. This year, the main winners were painter Metka Krašovec and translator Aleš Berger.
The biggest crowds today are expected to gather for a ceremony outside the poet's birth house in the north-western village of Vrba and for the reading of their poetry at their monument in the centre of Ljubljana.
In the north-western city of Kranj, where Prešeren served as a lawyer and died, a traditional fair will transport the visitors back to their time.
Culture Minister Tone Peršak will lay a wreath at the poet's grave in Kranj, and host a reception at Brdo estate for the two Prešeren Prize winners and six recipients of the Prešeren Fund Prizes.
Before that, the winners will join President Borut Pahor at the Presidential Palace as they address visitors on open house day.
Culture Day is also being celebrated among the Slovenian communities in neighbouring countries and expat communities around the world.
8 February was designated as Culture Day in 1945 and has been observed as a work-free day since 1991.
Up and down, up and down — watching a yo-yo is mesmerizing if you stare at it long enough.
The same holds true for gyrating energy prices and the impact they have on the Alberta government's finances.
There's been plenty of earnest talk about the province getting off the royalty roller-coaster since the recession began, but precious little progress.
Provincial finances still depend heavily on the direction of oil and natural gas prices.
The second-quarter fiscal update released Tuesday is a testament to that fact — as is a new credit rating downgrade for Alberta issued on Wednesday.
At the legislature, Finance Minister Joe Ceci said the province now expects the deficit to reach $10.3 billion this year, off slightly — about $183 million — from the first quarter's estimates.
Since the budget year began on April 1, benchmark West Texas Intermediate oil prices have averaged about US$49.50 a barrel, down from the spring budget's forecast of $55.
Thankfully, crude prices have rallied in recent weeks and are much higher than last year's dismal lows, when oil plunged below US$30 a barrel — and the provincial economy shrank by 3.7 per cent.
In fact, oil prices continue to affect everything from jobs, investment and overall economic growth to the levels of corporate and personal income taxes paid into provincial coffers.
As oil prices have rebounded this fall — closing Tuesday at US$57.99 a barrel, although the province's price forecast curiously remains at $49 — Alberta's gross domestic product (GDP) is now expected to increase by four per cent in 2017-18, Ceci said.
The fiscal update also points out 41,000 of the 62,000 jobs lost during the recession have been regained.
While the unemployment rate remains high at 7.8 per cent, the government anticipates overall employment growth of one per cent this year and 1.5 per cent in 2018.
Other areas of the economy are also improving.
After two years of recession, pent-up demand to buy new furniture, trucks and cars has returned with a vengeance. Stores are buzzing and retail sales are up eight per cent year to date.
The number of housing starts expected this fiscal year has been hiked to 28,700 units from 24,500.
But where are the new jobs coming from? Mainly from areas of the economy that shed employment during the recession, said the finance minister.
If you look at when employment peaked in September 2015 to the trough in July 2016, the mining, forestry, oil and gas sectors lost 27,500 jobs. These sectors have seen 20,000 positions created since that low point.
Another 8,000 new jobs have come from the manufacturing industry, which dropped 24,000 jobs during the downturn.
For thousands of Albertans hunting for work, it's positive to see more help-wanted ads. From a diversification standpoint, however, there's little evidence the makeup of the employment base has shifted dramatically.
“The (jobs) that were lost are coming back, so that's in the oil and gas sector, that's in the affiliated trades,” Ceci told reporters.
“They came back first, probably in the oil and gas sector, because they were lost first, but they're going to be diversifying across the economy as diversification takes hold.”
That's a hopeful sentiment, but it will take a long time for the province's diversification efforts to take root.
Ceci cited the government's petrochemical program, which will see Alberta provide up to $500 million in royalty tax credits to build two new plants, as an example of tangible diversification in action.
Yet, neither one of those two mega-projects has received the final go-ahead from their owners.
On the energy front, the fiscal update is a mixed bag of sorts.
Bitumen royalties are $671-million less than expected, but conventional oil and gas royalties are exceeding estimates.
One of the most positive indicators is a surge in the sale of Crown drilling rights, usually a precursor to future exploration work.
Petroleum producers have also benefited from narrower light-heavy oil differentials this year (although it has widened recently).
The forecast price for Alberta natural gas has been slashed to $2.20 per gigajoule from $2.90 in the budget.
The fact remains Alberta still needs a big increase in oil and gas prices to get close to balancing its books.
Related
“The government is relying on royalties as much as ever and, in fact, much more so than immediately prior to the recession,” said University of Calgary economist Trevor Tombe.
“The minister represented it today numerous times that they're making progress on getting off the royalty roller-coaster, and that is just false.”
After reviewing the fiscal update, credit rating agency DBRS downgraded Alberta's long-term debt rating on Wednesday to AA from AA (high), citing the province's large operating deficits and rapid accumulation of debt.
The agency said it is “concerned that the plan to return to balance relies on a recovery in resource revenues, rather than fundamental adjustments to the budget.”
While Ceci says he's now looking for places to further control government costs, it's obvious energy prices will remain a driving force in future budgets.
We can all watch oil prices yo-yo around in the coming months to see the impact it makes on the province's bottom line.
But let's not mistake such movement for real budget action.
Chris Varcoe is a Calgary Herald columnist.
cvarcoe@postmedia.com
Image caption The shingles rash often appears in stripes across the body
People over 70 are to be offered a single vaccination to protect against shingles, the Scottish government has announced.
There is also to be a catch-up programme for people aged 79.
Shingles is a painful condition related to chickenpox and can often flair up in older people whose immune system is weakened.
The health minister said one of the benefits would be a reduction in hospital admissions.
The new vaccine could prevent many people from getting shingles and reduce the number of people that are hospitalised each year Michael Matheson, Public health minister
Most of the virus is destroyed when people recover from chickenpox but some survives and remains inactive within the nervous system.
Public Health Minister Michael Matheson said: "Shingles is a debilitating condition that is more likely to affect people, and to be more severe, as they grow older.
"For older people, shingles can be a significant cause of illness and pain, with many people developing a very painful and long lasting condition, Post Herpetic Neuralgia, which is why we are offering a new vaccination programme.
"The new vaccine could prevent many people from getting shingles and reduce the number of people that are hospitalised each year. With shingles, once you've had it, there is a chance that you could get it again, this vaccine will also reduce the risk of this happening."
The shingles vaccination programme is part of wider changes to routine immunisation in Scotland.
All two- and three-year-old children will be included in the seasonal flu programme from October.
In addition, a rotavirus immunisation will be introduced for all babies in Scotland born on or after 1 May 2013.
Amaya and Playtech Rumored in Bid to Purchase Bwin.Party Posted on by
Reports this morning suggest that Amaya or Playtech may soon be the new owners of Bwin.Party, with offers being made at around £1.2 Billion ($1.9 Billion).
Earlier today, a transcript of the “Markets Live” conversation between the Financial Times´ Paul Murphy and Bryce Elder was published in the “FTAlphaville” section of ft.com (registration required). In the transcript, Paul Murphy mentioned unconfirmed reports that the Amaya Gaming Group – who recently purchased PokerStars and Full Tilt Poker – were looking to take over Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment with a market valuation of approximately £1.2 million.
Around the same time, the London Evening Standard reported that the online gambling software manufacturer Playtech – who supply the software for the iPoker network – were also in the market for an acquisition. The Standard reported that the cash-rich company had launched a convertible bond issue to raise €315 million and speculated that it was for a proposed takeover of Bwin.Party.
Bwin.Party Issue Statement Confirming Rumors
As the speculation about a potential takeover gathered pace, Bwin.Party´s Board of Directors was forced to issue a statement confirming that it was in discussions with interested parties .
Further to recent media speculation regarding a possible bid for bwin.party, the Board of bwin.party confirms that it has entered into preliminary discussions with a number of interested parties regarding a variety of potential business combinations with a view to creating additional value for bwin.party shareholders. Such discussions may or may not result in an offer being made for the Company. However, as all such discussions remain at a preliminary stage, there can be no certainty as to whether or not they will result in any form of transaction with any party. Further announcements will be made as and when appropriate.
Peter Reynolds – Director of Communications for Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment – declined to comment further on whom the interested parties were, but the company´s long-suffering shareholders did get some instant additional value , as shares on the London Stock Exchange rose 12.5% to £1.21.
Buyer Beware!
Value hunters looking to make a quick buck by buying up Bwin.Party shares – and then hoping Amaya or Playtech present an offer over market value – should beware. This is not the first time that the sale of Bwin.Party has been rumored.
Back in 2011 speculation was going around the stock markets that both William Hill and Wynn Resorts were interested in acquiring Bwin.Party. At the time the rumored share price on offer was £1.70, but the deal went down because of the uncertainty surrounding the regulation of online gambling in the States.
With Amaya´s PokerStars still encountering obstacles in New Jersey, not sure of getting a bad actor exclusion in California, and a potentially crippling vote on the Restoration of Americas Wire Act on the horizon, it would be fair to say there is just as much uncertainty surrounding the regulation on online gambling in the States as there was three years ago.
The Amaya Gaming Group is scheduled to publish its financial figures this coming Friday (November 14) and, if it is one of the potential interested parties, we should hear more about their plans for Bwin.Party by then.
You can keep up to date on the latest news about Bwin.Party by following me – Tim Hernandez – on Twitter.
“When I drive that slow, you know it's hard to steer, And I can't get my car out of second gear” Sammy Hagar, I Can't Drive 55
After 7 races this season it looks as though it has the potential to be one of the most competitive seasons ever. Team Kalitta is sitting with 3 wins, JFR has 4 and DSR has 3, plus add 1 each for Leah Pritchett and Steve Torrence and a surprising 2 for Tim Wilkerson. It's still relatively early in the year and for as great as those numbers are the list of who hasn't won is pretty impressive. Del, JR, Shoemaker, Langdon, Johnson Jr. It's really pretty crazy, but shows how tough it has become to win a Wally this season.
One thing that stands out so far is the tenacity of Leah Pritchett this year. The shutdown of BVR was a surprise and Leah had to scramble to secure a future, even just short term. Despite all the drama, at least to the public, they carried themselves with dignity and grace that represented their ambitions. It has been amazing to watch them take step after step in achieving their goals and at the same time try and remain focused on the task at hand at the racetrack. To go from their ride at BVR to the Lagana Brothers car, back to their BVR car and into a DSR car..what a complete challenge for them It's hard enough driving a Top Fuel dragster, much less 4 in as many races. But if anyone doubted their drive and desire I think they can put that to rest.
I have heard that Leah will be in the DSR car for at least 2 more races and I have no doubt they will find the funding to continue; I just hope it comes before they have to park for a couple races. It just wouldn't be the same without them out there.
Are we sure Smax Smith isn't really Sammy Hager in disguise?
DSR has been a little bit shocking this year. I think of them as a cutting edge, best of everything type of team, but the really slow uptake on the 6 disk clutch has been strange to watch. Most, if not all competitive teams in 2015 had already switched to the 6 disk, while at DSR only Matt Hagan's team was running it full time. It seems that they sacrificed long term gains for short term performance and now they are trying to catch up to the rest of the teams. After 7 races to only have 3 wins out of 7 full time teams is pretty surprising.
While on the topic of DSR. It sometimes startles me on social media to see the distaste for DSR. “Oh they win too much” “It's all about all the money they have and not fair” and so on. The reality is..if DSR went away there goes 7 sometimes 8 top flight Nitro teams. Do you really want to see a field without those cars? That is one smart organization over there, and Mr Schumacher understands that they can't be the whole show. Terry McMillen wouldn't have made Atlanta without DSR ready to help them out and frankly Leah wouldn't have a ride for now without the depth of that group. So instead of focusing on what you don't like about the team, focus on what's good.
This far into the season a couple drivers really stand out. Brittany Force for one. It always seemed like Brittany was a good driver, just not really into the whole atmosphere of racing full time. I don't know why, but that was the vibe I got from them I have to say, bringing in Alan Johnson to the team was a breath of fresh air for them. They seem a lot more at ease with the team, the car and the whole experience of racing. The first win then adding a second win really showed a side of them I hadn't seen before, and I hope we see more of it. I suspect it has a lot to do with the fact that now they have a group of guys who can speak the language of Top Fuel at the highest level. Hats off to John for getting that all worked out, and allowing the dragster team to step up in a big way.
After the John Hale explosion I can't wait until the last of the old style Dodge bodies are gone. Simply too dangerous.
NHRA All Access. I can't speak highly of this enough, not just as a way for viewing the races, but a great tool for the racer to use at any level. Think about it, a sponsor now has a way to directly watch their dollars in action, in real time. You can say to the sponsor here, you can see the level of competition you are involved in and you can watch live as your dollars compete. Just set them up with a subscription and bingo, direct sponsor contact. Even if they don't watch all day, a simple text to say “hey, we're in the lanes ready to go, turn on All Access and watch.”. I know when I watch I see guys like Sherman Adcock and instantly reference Peak antifreeze in my mind. With just a little work put in I think it can and will become an invaluable addition to a sponsor program.
Well, here we go into the meat of the season. The Summer months are upon us. I think it's 5 races in 6 weeks. Here's to the rest of the season keeping up with the first 7.
Be Safe, Have Fun.
Support DRAW, they do great work. http://www.drawfasthelp.org/
Advertisements
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has invited Jews from France and the rest of Europe to immigrate to the state of Israel, referring to what they see as a “rising tide of anti-Semitism” there. The statement comes in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo attacks.
“To all the Jews of France, all the Jews of Europe, I would like to say that Israel is not just the place in whose direction you pray, the state of Israel is your home,” Prime Minister Netanyahu said in a televised statement on Saturday, referencing the Jewish tradition of facing Jerusalem when praying.
Netanyahu called on lawmakers to alter the existing immigration laws to make it easier for Jews to permanently move to Israel.
“This week, a special team of ministers will convene to advance steps to increase immigration from France and other countries in Europe that are suffering from terrible anti-Semitism,” Netanyahu said.
“All Jews who want to immigrate to Israel will be welcomed here warmly and with open arms. We will help you in your absorption here in our state that is also your state.”
The Israeli leader's statement comes after more than a dozen of people were killed, including at least four Jews, during the three days of terrorist attacks in France.
READ MORE: 4 hostages, 3 gunmen killed as Charlie Hebdo hunt ends in France
Netanyahu identified the four victims as Yoav Hattab, Philippe Braham, Yohan Cohen and Francois-Michel Saada.
“We express our deep sorrow for our Jewish brothers who were murdered simply because they were Jews,” they said. “[To] our brothers and sisters in the Jewish community of France we share your pain at the awful loss.”
The four victims were the hostages killed on Friday by gunman Amedy Coulibaly, who stormed a kosher supermarket before the start of the Jewish Sabbath on Friday. French police eventually raided the market, killing Coulibaly.
The siege occurred at roughly the same time as the Charlie Hebdo suspects were surrounded in Dammartin-en-Goele northeast of Paris.
READ MORE: Police release footage of dramatic assault on Charlie Hebdo suspects (VIDEO)
This all came after Wednesday's attack on Charlie Hebdo's headquarters in Paris, when gunmen, identified as Cherif and Said Kouachi, went into the office and shot 12 people dead, including ten journalists.
Netanyahu added that radicalized Islam is threatening the western world and the Jewish people are a target.
“Unless the world comes to its senses, terror will continue to strike in other places,” they said.
‘Best precaution for Jews: move to Israel'
At the same time, Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman held a meeting with security officials discussing attacks in France.
READ MORE: 12 dead in shooting at French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo in Paris (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)
After the meeting, Lieberman warned the analysis of “all the security establishments, in Europe, the US and here [in Israel] is that this terror wave will continue. There is always a desire to carry out copycat attacks … The best security precaution [for Jews] may be aliya [immigration] to Israel. I hope that French Jews will start immigrating to Israel in significant numbers,” Lieberman told Channel 2.
“Europe has not yet internalized that the foreign fighters coming back [from the Middle East] to European soil or those who have connections to al Qaeda or Daesh [the Arab acronym for the Islamic State] are a real, serious threat,” they said.
It has been estimated that around 1,000 French nationals have left to join terrorist-linked camps in Iraq and Syria.
Netanyahu and Lieberman will be arriving in Paris on Sunday to join other world leaders for a rally in support of the victims. The march is expected to attract over a million people.
READ MORE: Al-Qaeda in Yemen claims directing Paris attacks as ‘revenge' – reports
Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon also supported the idea of more French immigration into Israel, highlighting the dangers the Jewish community is facing with abroad.
“The Jewish community, not just in France, [also in] Belgium and other places, Sweden, is under attack, a combined Islamist, anti-Semitic attack,” Ya'alon said. “We knew that if [radical] Islam raised its head in Europe, the Jews would be the first to be harmed. The safest place for Jews is in the national home of Jews.”
On the other hand, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls stressed the importance of the Jewish community in France.
"If 100,000 French people of Spanish origin were to leave, I would never say that France is not France anymore," Valls said while visiting the kosher market that was involved in the attack. "But if 100,000 Jews leave, France will no longer be France. The French Republic will be judged a failure.”
Four gold medals will be on offer in table tennis at the 2016 Olympics
There's nothing unusual about Bill Guilfoil entering the trials for the US Olympic table tennis team - other than the fact they are 93 years old.
Guilfoil, who has been playing for 80 years, will attend the trials in Greensboro, North Carolina in February.
They also attempted to make the team for the 2012 Games, but missed out on a place in London.
"This year I'm going to practise more," Guilfoil told KMBC News. "It's exciting."
Guilfoil, who also plays tennis, has been teaching both sports at the Overland Park Racquet Club in Kansas City for nearly 40 years.
The oldest competitor at the London Games was 71-year-old Hiroshi Hoketsu, who took part in the dressage for Japan.
At the 1912 Olympics in Stockholm, Swedish shooter Oscar Swahn won a gold medal at the age of 64 years and 280 days.
Age is just a number
Three-time world champion Fred Davis (right) only retired from professional snooker at the age of 79
Sir Stanley Matthews was still playing professional football at the age of 50
Hiroshi Hoketsu took part in the London Olympics at the age of 71
The Cardinals are set to hire veteran pitching coach Mike Maddux to replace Derek Lilliquist, who was let go after the season, per Ken Rosenthal of The Athletic (on Twitter). Maddux has spent the past two seasons as Dusty Baker's pitching coach with the Nationals but was not renewed after their two-year contract with the Nationals expired.
Maddux, 56, has been a big league pitching coach dating back to the 2003 season. They spent six seasons in that role with the Brewers (2003-08) before moving on to occupy that position with the Rangers (2009-15) and Nationals (2016-17). The older brother of Hall of Famer Greg Maddux, Mike has developed a reputation as one of baseball's best pitching minds after a successful 15-year playing career and now another 15 years as a big league pitching coach.
The most common voter ID is a driver's license, and minorities are less likely to drive Photograph by Medioimages/Photodisc.
The Justice Department notified the commonwealth of Virginia on Monday night that it would not object to its new voter ID law. The Virginia requirement is just the latest such law at the center of a heated debate leading up to the 2012 election, with Republicans generally supporting the laws as a means to prevent voter fraud, while Democrats allege that the laws will disenfranchise minorities, who less often have valid IDs. Why do minorities have fewer IDs?
Because a lot of minorities don't have much use for them. The most common voter ID is a driver's license, and minorities are less likely to drive. A 2007 study found that in California, New Mexico, and Washington, whites were more likely to have driver's licenses than nonwhites. In Orange County, Calif., about 92 percent of white voters had driver's licenses, compared with only 84 percent of Latino voters and 81 percent of “other” voters. A 2005 study of Wisconsin similarly found that while about 80 percent of white residents had licenses, only about half of African-American and Hispanic residents had licenses.
Minorities are less likely to have driver's licenses because they are more likely to be poor and to live in urban areas. If you can't afford a car, or if you don't need one because you take the bus or subway, you are less likely to have a driver's license. Students are less likely to have driver's licenses for the same reasons (plus the fact that they can sometimes rely on student IDs, and may just have not gotten around to getting a driver's license yet). Moreover, minorities may be more likely to have lost their driver's licenses: The Wisconsin study found that an estimated 8 percent of Hispanic adults and 17 percent of African-American adults had no current license but had a recent suspension or revocation. Almost half of suspended driver's licenses were due to failure to pay outstanding fines, which may explain why poor people are less likely to have licenses.
Driver's licenses are not the only accepted forms of identification, but minorities may face extra challenges in securing other legally valid IDs. Passports, military IDs, and other government-issued photo ID are generally accepted, and some states accept student ID cards from state universities. Texas accepts concealed-weapons licenses, but New York University's Brennan Center for Justice points out that African-Americans are also less likely to have these concealed-gun permits. For voters who need to secure a valid ID, tracking down the necessary documents—such as a birth certificate and social security card—can take time and money, and the Brennan Center additionally reports that many voting centers are far away from minority voters and are rarely open. Minorities also move from state to state more frequently, which makes meeting varying requirements for documentation more difficult, and Hispanics often use different naming customs, which can make for additional confusion at the DMV or voting booth. Additionally, the Brennan Center suggests that minority voters are more likely to be carded at the polls.
Of course, minority voters aren't the only group likely to be disenfranchised. Seniors, for example, are also less likely to drive. Academic studies suggest that voter ID laws do probably reduce turnout, both among Democrats and Republicans, but not by more than about 2 percent.
Got a question about today's news? Ask the Explainer.
Explainer thanks Charles S. Bullock III of the University of Georgia, Gabriel Sanchez of the University of New Mexico, Carol M. Swain of Vanderbilt University, and David C. Wilson of the University of Delaware.
Host uses Facebook Live to discuss with fans their plans for internet show: ‘I want freedom to do what I want and say what I want'
The cult favorite cooking show Good Eats is coming back. Well, basically.
A few weeks ago, the Food Network host Alton Brown teased a new “internet venture” of his. “I call it a cooking show,” they announced in a video on Instagram, and he'll be taking time off from their current gig as host of the network's Cutthroat Kitchen.
The video was filmed from inside a microwave, reminiscent of the camera angles on Good Eats.
Hosting your first Thanksgiving? Don't panic – just follow this plan Read more
“I think those of you that are Good Eats fans know exactly, precisely, why I did that,” Brown said in a subsequent Facebook Live video. The cooking show they alluded to will be “essentially a sequel, a follow-up to a program called Good Eats”. It will premiere sometime next year, according to Refinery29.
Good Eats first aired on Food Network in 1999. In each episode, Brown examined a new recipe or ingredient, the science behind it, the proper tools to use and its history.
Brown said they wanted to do the show on the internet for more freedom. “I want freedom to do what I want and say what I want and work with the food that I want without being concerned about what a larger corporate entity might or might not want from that,” they said. When Good Eats aired on Food Network, they said they aren't allowed to cover certain subjects, such as cooking rabbit, liver or chicken gizzards. The channel also refused to let them use the metric system, they said.
With paper and pencil in hand, they took down ideas from their commenters during the Facebook Live video on what they would like to see covered over the course of an hour-long video – dishes such as steaks, homemade tofu or smoked meat.
Brown also asked fans for their opinions on them hosting a possible late-night variety show on Food Network. “I'm going to move forward with Food Network on doing a late-night variety talk show,” they said, after receiving affirmative responses from fans. They have hosted a few other shows on the network, in addition to Good Eats and Cutthroat Kitchen.
Brown's latest cookbook, EveryDayCook: This Time It's Personal, came out in September. Their live tour, Eat Your Science, kicked off earlier this year and comes to New York City later this month.
The Guardian has contacted Brown and Food Network for comment.
Now You See It... is a 2005 Disney Channel Original Movie. The film is told from Allyson's (Aly Michalka) point of view, similar to a documentary and tells the story of what can happen when a reality TV show uncovers something that is not meant to be seen on television.
Plot [ edit ]
Aspiring teen producer Allyson Miller (Alyson Michalka) signs up to produce a new reality show, searching for the world's greatest kid magician. Desperate to find their star, Allyson (along with adult mentor Paul, and kid cameraman Cedric) stumbles upon Danny Sinclair (Johnny Pacar), who gets them on the show. When Danny is selected as one of three finalists, they appear to have something more than the others. Even show host and master magician Max (Frank Langella) takes a special interest in Danny's talent.
When Danny confesses to Allyson that their powers are real, they are shocked but promises to believe him. They feel they have something in common since they have both never had friends. Unfortunately, after an interrogation by Max and a panel of experts, Danny is apparently proven to be a fake. Betrayed, Allyson refuses to talk to Danny. However, when they view the first video of him, they see doves appear from nowhere and begins to believe in them again. When they go to look for him, they hear voices through a door and eavesdrops on the conversation.
They find that Max is confessing to Danny that he, too, is a real magician — a sorcerer. After Max demonstrates their talents, they promise to help Danny control their powers and gives them a ring. They tell Danny that whenever they wear the ring, Danny will be fully in control of their own powers. Danny puts it on and leaves the room. Paul enters, and Max reveals their plan: to control Danny's powers through the ring, and whenever Danny wears it, they will slowly lose their powers.
Allyson rushes to try to find Danny, but they already trust Max too much. When Allyson tries to show the tape to the show's producer, Max uses their powers to erase it. The producer asks them to leave, believing they have cracked under the pressure. Allyson leaves, upset because Danny did not stand up for them On the train home, they remember the famous magician Antonio DeMilo, whom Max called their 'mentor.' When they research this, they discover that DeMilo died when a prop collapsed on him. They were wearing the ring Danny is wearing now, and Allyson realizes Danny is in grave danger.
Allyson manages to re-enter the grand finale of the show inside a magic 'box'. They warn Danny again, telling them that they can't remove the ring alone, they need someone to remove it for him. Danny goes on-stage, where Max tries to make a 1000 lb weight collapse on him, but Allyson's warning helps them escape. Danny and Max are then locked in combat; the audience thinks it is all part of the show. After a fight, Allyson is able to remove the ring from Danny, who then places it onto Max - they disappear. Allyson and Danny bow, and Danny kisses Allyson's hand.
At the end of the movie, Allyson speaks into the camera to clarify the events that followed. They believe Paul removed Max's ring after the show, because the tapes soon disappeared. They then reappeared in their room. They say Danny has gone into hiding to learn more about their powers, and prepare for a future showdown with Max, and they don't know where they are. Then a popcorn bowl levitates from behind them and comes to their arms. They laugh and says that they do know.  They are then teleported next to Danny, who seems in much better control of their powers. They laugh as they sit next to them with their arm around their shoulder, thus hinting at a romantic attachment.
Alternate Versions
When the Jack Black look-a-like is screaming "Nacho!", they scream for longer.
When Jack Swallows rescues Edward and introduces himself, there is some extra dialogue.
The 93-minute unrated version is about 9 minutes longer and includes the following changes: -There is a shot of some paintings in the museum. -During the Da Vinci Code spoof, Lucy says: "I haven't seen the book on tape". -The dance that the museum curator does is longer.-During the Snakes on a Plane spoof, the Samuel L. Jackson look-a-like replaces every time they say "goddamn" with "motherf**kin". -The dance that Mystique does is longer. -When Willy Wonka comes out of the factory, their entrance is longer, and they welcome everyone using their first names. -The scene where Edward is eating out of the chocolate river (and is then told that it is the sewer line) is longer. -When Lucy opens the closet, the bikini girl is now naked, and they don't tell Lucy to not go in the wardrobe. -The scene where Lucy gets their tongue frozen to the pole is longer, where they use a knife to try and cut it off, then tries an axe. -When one of the faun girls goes below the camera, Mr. Tumnus makes a thumbs-up gesture. -The scene where Mr. Tumnus tells Lucy to leave is longer, with Lucy saying farewell, and then sneezes in a handkerchief, and gives it to Mr. Tumnus. -The scene with the camera message is longer. -The scene where Edward first meets the White Bitch is way longer, including a part where Edward drinks out of the liquor bottle. -When it shows the Superman spoof, Peter says "You shot me in the f**king eye!" instead of "fricking". -Lucy uses a UV light on a painting in Mr. Tumnus' house and deciphers a secret message, which says to look on a message decoder. They decipher the message, which says: "Get crunk!" and Susan opens the decoder, which has their birth certificates in it. -The scene where Mr. Tumnus sees Harry Beaver again is slightly different. -There is an extended scene where Harry Beaver gets a text on their cell phone. -There is a scene where the White Bitch is talking about their weapon of mass destruction, and their minion says: "Yo, Bitch, that's basically the plot of Superman Returns".-The pirate music video with the girls shows some different shots near the end of the song. -When Jack Swallows gets killed, the scene is longer. -When Peter, Lucy, Susan, and Edward are on their way to meet Aslo, there is a brief spoof of Borat. -When the heroes first meet Aslo, they find them in bed with a woman. The woman jumps out of bed, topless, and says: "Screw you, Aslo". You then see Aslo has an erection. -There is an extra scene where Edward is in a cell with Mel Gibson, who says they like to sleep naked. Edward then kicks them in the nuts (this scene is in the theatrical version, but is at the end credits). -After the heroes all have sex with Aslo, Peter says: "My butt's sore". -When Harry Beaver shows the heroes the magazine, there is some extra text on the magazine. -The puking scene is way longer. -The sex scene between Mystique and Peter has some extra dialogue near the beginning. -When Peter slows the woman jogging, it then turns out to be a fat man. There is a slightly extended scene of a man jogging with large genitals. -There is a scene with the remote where it says: "Erase the White Bitch's evil plot?". -The ending is slightly different. -There are out takes during the end credits. See more
SANDY HOOK -- The body of the captain of a fishing boat that sank earlier this week in the Sandy Hook Channel was recovered Friday afternoon, authorities said.
A private dive team found the body of Thomas Andresen, captain of the fishing vessel El Jefe, in the cabin of the 40-foot boat, said Capt. Steve Jones, a spokesperson for the New Jersey State Police.
The El Jefe, which periodically docks in the Belford section of Middletown, sank Tuesday evening, prompting multiple marine agencies to launch a search for the ship and its passengers.
State Police divers located Andresen's fishing boat Wednesday morning close to shore near Buoy 14 in the Sandy Hook Channel, however, they could not find Andresen, who was reported to be the only one on board.
The four State Police divers searched again on Thursday but could not locate Andresen.
RELATED: Family, friends remain hopeful for missing El Jefe captain's safe return
Jones said the boat is in 75 feet of water and the divers faced "very tough" conditions, including a swift current and a tangle of netting, cable and debris on the boat.
"Today a private dive team was able to get on the boat and retrieve the body," Jones said.
The news of the recovery comes after Andresen's wife, Barbara Andresen, expressed "high hopes" that their husband would be found in good health.
"My family and I are optimistic that they will return home safely," they said in a statement on Thursday. "Please keep us in your prayers and hope for the best, we all love them very much."
Andresen, who lived in Bridgewater with their wife, rents a slip at a dock in Belford from the Belford Seafood Co-Op, according to Joe Branin, the co-op manager. Branin has said that the co-op packages and distributes fish caught by Andresen.
The co-op posted on its Facebook page Friday night a note of condolence at Andresen's death.
"It is with great sorrow that we report that divers have recovered the body of Captain Tom Andresen this afternoon.He was a cheerful member of our fishing community, and they will be missed by many," the post said.
"To their wife Barbara, and the rest of their family, we send you prayers for comfort and love during this very sad time.Rest In Peace, Captain Tom," it continued.
MaryAnn Spoto may be reached at mspoto@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MaryAnnSpoto. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
A video grab from KCNA shows the Unha-3 (Milky Way 3) rocket launching at North Korea's West Sea Satellite Launch Site, at the satellite control centre in Cholsan county, North Pyongan province in this video released by KCNA in Pyongyang December 13, 2012. REUTERS/KCNA
By Phil Stewart
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States has seen increased activity around a North Korean missile site, suggesting preparations for a possible space launch in the near future, U.S. officials told Reuters on Thursday.
The finding was revealed as Washington shows growing concern that Pyongyang could use space technology to enhance its missile capability and while United Nations Security Council members discuss fresh sanctions against North Korea after it conducted its fourth nuclear test on Jan. 6.
The officials cited intelligence suggesting movement of components and propellant at North Korea's Sohae satellite launch facility. A test could take place within a couple of weeks, they said.
"Our concern though is ... it's the same technology to develop ICBMs" (inter-continental ballistic missiles), one of the officials said.
Joe Bermudez, chief analytics officer at commercial intelligence firm AllSource Analysis, said open source imagery showed increased activity, especially at night, at the site in northwestern North Korea.
Movement of vehicles, construction and other activities suggested test preparations. North Korea could test a rocket engine alone or as part of rocket launch, Bermudez said.
They said North Korea was concealing activities on the site - a new cover obscures satellite views of the gantry tower next to the launch pad.
"This is the first time leading up to a potential launch that all the concealment shelters are in place," said Stephen Wood, chief executive officer of AllSource.
An analysis by 38 North, a North Korea monitoring project at Johns Hopkins University's School of Advanced International Studies, said the cover near the gantry tower could conceal a rocket, and a rail-mounted shelter has been moved adjacent to the engine-test stand on the site.
The shelter could allow for rocket stages to be assembled and moved to the tower under cover of darkness of heavy clouds, 38 North found. It is large enough to conceal the first stage of North Korea's Musudan intermediate range ballistic missile, its Unha space-launch vehicle, or a new rocket engine.
The analysis said commercial satellite images, taken as a series of "snapshots" from Dec. 28 to Jan. 25, showed “low-level activities” throughout the Sohae Rocket Launch Facility.
North Korea last conducted a long-range rocket launch in late 2012, sending an object it described as a communications satellite into orbit. Western and Asian experts said it was part of an effort to build an ICBM.
South Korean Defense Ministry spokesperson Kim Min-seok declined to comment on possible pre-launch activities by North Korea, citing a policy of not discussing intelligence matters.
North Korea has not yet warned about potential interference with navigation, a step it has taken ahead of previous launches, they said.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry during a trip to China this week warned against North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's declared intention to develop an ICBM with the capacity to carry a nuclear warhead.
"It is a threat the United States must take extremely seriously," Kerry told reporters in Beijing on Wednesday.
"The United States will do what is necessary to protect people in our country and our friends and allies in the world," Kerry said.
The U.S. Missile Defense Agency was slated to carry out a test of ground-based interceptors at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California later Thursday. The test is aimed at improving the reliability of U.S. interceptors based in Alaska and California after recent technical challenges.
The U.S. military is adding 14 interceptors to the 30 already in place, and defense advocates have called for increasing the number of interceptors.
Meanwhile, on Thursday the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved legislation to broaden existing sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program, human rights record and cyber activities.
(Reporting by Phil Stewart; additional reporting by Andrea Shalal in Washington, David Brunnstrom in Beijing, Ju-min Park and Jack Kim in Seoul; Editing by Susan Heavey and Grant McCool)
When it comes to intelligence, the whole can indeed be greater than the sum of its parts. A new study co-authored by MIT researchers documents the existence of collective intelligence among groups of people who cooperate well, showing that such intelligence extends beyond the cognitive abilities of the groups' individual members, and that the tendency to cooperate effectively is linked to the number of women in a group.
Many social scientists have long contended that the ability of individuals to fare well on diverse cognitive tasks demonstrates the existence of a measurable level of intelligence in each person. In a study published Thursday, Sept. 30, in the advance online issue of the journal Science, the researchers applied a similar principle to small teams of people. They discovered that groups featuring the right kind of internal dynamics perform well on a wide range of assignments, a finding with potential applications for businesses and other organizations.
“We did not know if groups would show a general cognitive ability across tasks,” said Thomas W. Malone, the Patrick J. McGovern Professor of Management at the MIT Sloan School of Management, one of the authors of the paper. “But we found that there is a general effectiveness, a group collective intelligence, which predicts a group's performance in a lot of situations.”
That effectiveness, the researchers believe, stems from how well the group works together. Groups whose members had higher levels of “social sensitivity” — the willingness of the group to let all its members take turns and apply their skills to a given challenge — were more collectively intelligent. “Social sensitivity has to do with how well group members perceive each other's emotions,” said Malone. “In groups where one person dominated, the group was less intelligent than in groups where the conversational turns were more evenly distributed.” Teams containing more women demonstrated greater social sensitivity and in turn collective intelligence, compared to teams containing fewer women.
When ‘groupthink' is good
To arrive at their conclusions, the researchers conducted two studies in which 699 people were placed in groups of two to five and worked on tasks that ranged from visual puzzles to negotiations, brainstorming, games and complex rule-based design assignments. The researchers concluded that a group's collective intelligence accounted for about 30 to 40 percent of the variation in performance.
Moreover, the researchers found that the performances of groups were not primarily due to the individual abilities of the group members. To determine this, many of the participants also performed similar tasks individually. The average and maximum intelligence of individuals did not significantly predict the performance of their groups.
The paper's lead author was Anita Woolley, an assistant professor at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business. The other researchers in the study were Christopher Chabris, an assistant professor of psychology at Union College in New York; Malone; Alexander Pentland, the Toshiba Professor of Media Arts & Science at the MIT Media Lab; and Nada Hashmi, a doctoral candidate at MIT Sloan. The study received funding from the National Science Foundation, the Army Research Office and Cisco Systems.
To record the interactions of people, the researchers equipped study participants with wearable electronic badges — designed by Pentland's Media Lab group — that provided a complete record of a group's conversational patterns and revealed a group's propensity to take turns. “When you do that, it's possible to get patterns you've never seen before,” said Pentland.
Only when analyzing the data did the co-authors suspect that the number of women in a group had significant predictive power. “We didn't design this study to focus on the gender effect,” Malone said. “That was a surprise to us.” One implication is that the level of collective intelligence should keep rising along with the proportion of women in a group. To be sure, as Malone said, that gender effect is a generalization. “Of course some males have more social skill or social sensitivity than females,” Malone acknowledged. “What our results indicate is that people with social skills are good for a group — whether they are male or female.”
Thomas Malone discusses collective intelligence.
Video: Melanie Gonick
Malone said they believe the study applies to many kinds of organizations. “Imagine if you could give a one-hour test to a top management team that would allow you to predict how flexibly that group of people would respond to a wide range of problems that might arise,” they said. “That would be a pretty interesting application. We also think it's possible to improve the intelligence of a group, by either changing the members of a group, or teaching them better ways of interacting.”
How universal is it?
Colleagues in the field found the results intriguing. Jeremy Gray, an associate professor of psychology at Yale University, said the study “was very well done,” adding that “the key point is great, that features of the group can be more important than features of the individuals that make up the group, for determining outcomes.”
However, Gray, responding to questions by e-mail, noted that the study raises additional questions for further investigation. Beyond the relatively routine tasks used in the study, they wrote, “high-stakes or high-risk situations would also be very important to understand. There is no guarantee that the same pattern of results would hold, for example, for a jury deliberating a death-penalty case, a corporate board facing a hostile-takeover bid, criminal gangs battling a rival gang, and so on. We just don't know yet.” Moreover, they added, “clarifying the conditions under which the proportion of women makes a difference would be interesting.”
Malone said the co-authors “definitely intend to continue research on this topic,” including studies on the ways groups interact online, and are “considering further studies on the gender question.” They added that “collective stupidity,” the failure of a group to perform to the abilities of its members, exists along with collective intelligence. “Part of the research agenda for this field is to understand better the conditions that lead to one rather than the other,” Malone explained. "Many factors can affect a group's intelligence, including the social sensitivity, norms, and motivations of group members, as well as the composition of the group." For now, Malone said their group has identified a general principle indicating how the whole really can be greater than the sum of the parts.
“Having a bunch of smart people in a group doesn't necessarily make the group smart,” concluded Malone.
The Henry Vilas Zoo community has lost one of its favorite sons.
Chang Tan, the 12-year-old red panda who was a crowd favorite at the zoo, was euthanized on Saturday after being in failing health for the past few years.
"Chang Tan was a unique animal that won the hearts of so many people," said Dane County Executive Joe Parisi in a news release announcing the red panda's death.
Chang Tan was the first red panda to be exhibited in the renovated children's zoo. They were part of the zoo's collection since 2007.
"Chang's presence here at the zoo brought awareness to a charismatic species threatened by habitat loss and human activities," said red panda keeper Jennifer Zuehlke.
"This awareness has allowed us to support organizations that benefit wild red pandas," Zuehlke said. "Chang has truly been an ambassador for their wild relatives."
The zoo still has a pair of red pandas, which can be seen during regular zoo hours every day from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Zuehlke said Chang Tan will still be helping their species in death, through their post-mortem examination.
"Even through their death, Chang will continue to benefit captive and wild red pandas," they said.
Editor's note, Part 6: In a nine-day series of stories, NJ Advance Media is taking a closer look at Lakewood, one of New Jersey's fastest-growing and most complex towns. Lakewood is home to a huge Orthodox Jewish community and the rapid growth has engulfed the town, igniting tensions between the religious and secular societies on many levels. Each day, we will explore some of the major issues in the community, including the welfare fraud investigation, housing problems and the strains on the education system.
LAKEWOOD -- It's the institution that now defines Lakewood.
In 1943, Rabbi Aaron Kotler, a famed Jewish scholar, established Beth Medrash Govoha, propelling the transformation of a once-posh lakeside resort town into a bustling metropolis for segments of the Orthodox Jewish community.
Today, Beth Medrash Govoha, more commonly called BMG, is America's largest yeshiva, or Jewish college. A world-wide attraction, it's described by its students in the way other teens might describe Princeton or Yale. Prestigious. Elite. Their definitive No. 1 choice.
"It is the centerpiece and crowning glory of Jewish life in Lakewood," said Ali Botein-Furrevig, an Ocean County College professor who wrote a book about the township's Jewish community.
Yet to many outsiders, BMG remains an enigma as misunderstood as Lakewood's Jewish community itself.
It has no website. It enrolls men only. And, because BMG has no traditional first-year student students, it reports no graduation rate or job placement data to the federal government, though it receives millions in government grants for low-income students.
The campus, a series of buildings nestled throughout a residential area, is crawling with men in dark suits and wide-brimmed hats, their mission often misunderstood. Are they there to become rabbis? To read the Torah? What do they do after graduation?
"We all see misconceptions," said Naftali Kunstlinger, a 2003 BMG graduate who lives in Lakewood and has a law firm downtown. "But some of them are too silly to be addressed, to be quite frank."
To truly understand Lakewood, you must first understand BMG. And to understand BMG, you have to go inside.
Preserving a tradition
Singing. That's the first thing visitors hear when a pair of first-floor classroom doors swing open at BMG.
The gymnasium-sized study hall is packed with more than 500 students, young men each dressed in white button-down shirts, black pants, black belts and black shoes. They sit in rows of black banquet-hall style chairs and lean over the brown wooden podiums holding their thick books.
In a scene unlike any traditional college class, the ornate podium at the front of the room is vacant, with no professor in sight. Some students rock back and forth -- and back and forth and back and forth -- in their chairs. Others stand, their heads sticking out among the sea of white shirts.
Animated facial expressions and hand gestures are exchanged between students, deep in discussion with one another. And the singing. It cuts through the continuous hum of deliberation and debate.
The song emanates from a single student sitting near the doorway, their words and language unrecognizable to visitors. It's all part of the process of studying the Talmud, a school official said.
The Talmud, which offers commentary on the Torah, or Hebrew bible, is the reason why each of BMG's more than 6,500 undergraduate and graduate students -- all men because genders are commonly separated in Orthodox Jewish schools -- are enrolled.
Studying the Talmud, a collection of writings on Jewish laws and traditions, is a key to preserving the Jewish customs so revered in the Orthodox community. At BMG, where undergraduate tuition is just under $20,000 a year, there are no other majors or classes except Talmudic study, which is offered six day a week.
Beginning around 9:30 a.m., students spend most of their day in giant study sessions with as many as 1,000 students. They work with a partner to study the Talmud and debate and dissect its meaning, a task that often stretches late into the evening, including a session that starts at 8:40 p.m. and goes, as one student put it, "until you drop."
"There are no weekends here. There are no Sundays off," said Haim Toledano, 22, a baby-faced Parisian who enrolled at BMG last fall. "You are studying the Talmud from morning to basically the nights."
Originally written in ancient Aramaic, the Talmud has sections written throughout history, 2,000 years ago, 500 years ago, 1,000 years ago.
"It's not easy reading. It doesn't just flow like there's a story and storyline that goes natural to the other," said Yaakov Friedman, a part-time professor at BMG. "You've gotta mesh it all together. It's work."
Though the sticker price for BMG undergraduates is $19,876, plus another $4,172 for room and board, many students receive scholarships or other financial aid, according to school officials.
About 70 percent of BMG's undergraduate students receive federal Pell grants for low-income students, netting more than $8 million a year for the yeshiva, according to federal data.
Some students at BMG, where men start classes around age 21, plan to complete a degree at a secular college in the future. But the time spent studying the Talmud, a process that sharpens analytical and debate skills, is invaluable, former students said.
"It's not just about the study that you did," said Moshe Bender, who lives in Lakewood and earned a bachelor's degree in Talmudic studies from BMG in 2013 followed by a master's degree in 2015. "It's about the being of the person, what it does to you, how you are kind of made up. It just makes us into a better person, that our whole being is on a higher level."
Such devotion is what Rabbi Kotler imagined when they brought BMG to Lakewood at the request of a local hotel owner, according to their family.
A luminary among Jewish scholars, Kotler was so well regarded that Jewish leaders in America orchestrated their escape from the Nazis in Lithuania, where the Jewish people were nearly obliterated during the Holocaust.
In a converted mansion in Lakewood, Kotler resumed the type of lectures -- no-holds barred intellectual battlegrounds -- that distinguished them in the Jewish community, explained Kotler's grandson Aaron, BMG's president and key leader in the Lakewood Jewish community.
"His life was about the preservation of a tradition, and it was really about community," the younger Kotler said. "He saw beauty in the European Jewish life and they wanted to carry over the value of that."
Misconceptions
These days, Aaron Kotler has a favorite joke they like to tell (yes, jokes are permitted at BMG).
"If you go into the ShopRite in Howell, you will hear 'Rabbi Goldstein, cleanup on aisle, 7,'" Kotler said with a smile.
"Rabbi" is a common courtesy title in some Orthodox communities, like mister or sir, but the popular misconception is that every student who goes to BMG is there to become a rabbi, Kotler said.
In reality, about five percent of BMG graduates become pulpit rabbis or hold other religious positions, while many BMG graduates go on to work in business, law, healthcare or other professions in the Lakewood community, Kotler said.
Several recent graduates interviewed said they are in law school at top colleges, including Columbia University, New York University and the University of Pennsylvania. The intense style of Talmudic studies at BMG gives them an edge on their classmates, they said.
Many alumni, like 44-year-old Mark Berkowitz, return to campus often so they don't stray from their studies. Berkowitz, a 2001 graduate, attends an ethics class with one of the BMG deans every Sunday evening, they said.
"I still come back here to make sure that I don't lose that connection and I keep myself on the straight and narrow," said Berkowtiz, who runs a community health center in Lakewood.
But study of the Talmud after graduation is what leads to one of the other major misconception about BMG: That its students dedicate their entire life to studying the Talmud and never leave campus or hold a job.
There are some students who do that, Kotler said. But most others carve out time in their professional lives to continue studying, so, in a sense, they are committed to lifelong Talmudic study.
"For my grandfather, the thought that a student would stop study after they graduated was a failure," Kotler said. "Even if that student would be a great rabbi or a great lawyer or a great physician or judge or great business person."
About 57 percent of BMG's students graduated within seven years of beginning the five-year undergraduate program, according to the most recent data, the yeshiva said. The prior year, its seven-year graduation rate was 65 percent.
The average stay at the school is six years, Kotler said.
Shaping Lakewood
In some ways, BMG, and criticisms of the yeshiva's growth and pursuit of public money, are a microcosm of the Lakewood Jewish community.
BMG's enrollment has boomed from 2,027 students in 1996 to more than 6,500 this year, a direct factor in the township's population growth because many students get married and have children while studying. In 2012, the yeshiva estimated that its students and alumni comprised 64 percent of Lakewood's 13,780 married couples.
Lakewood residents outside of the Jewish community have said the exploding Jewish population escalates problems with over-development, transportation and a cash-strapped public school district.
Kotler, however, insisted growth is not an objective for the yeshiva and wouldn't speculate on whether enrollment will continue to surge.
"If size were to be an obstacle to quality, then size gets rejected," Kotler said. "If size has an advantage, if it can be in support of quality, then we want to look at size and say, 'OK, how can we leverage that to become even stronger?'"
Last year, a state appeals court ruled BMG could not receive a $10.6 million state grant it had been awarded for a new library and academic center because the money would have been used for religious instruction.
The yeshiva was awarded the grant in 2013 after Kotler accompanied Gov. Chris Christie on a trip to Israel a year before, they and other Jewish leaders endorsed Christie's re-election bid and the yeshiva hired a leading lobbyist to make its case to lawmakers.
But The American Civil Liberties Union of New Jersey sued to stop the grant, saying taxpayers shouldn't foot the bill for supporting religious education.
Around the same time BMG was lobbying for the state grant, an article in The Forward, a Jewish news publication, raised questions about students at religious colleges, including BMG, receiving federal Pell grants, money aimed at helping low-income students improve career prospects.
School officials have combated criticism of efforts to secure public money by saying BMG students excel in areas outside of Talmudic studies and contribute to New Jersey's economy. BMG is accredited by the Association of Advanced Rabbinical and Talmudic Schools, and many other religious schools nationwide receive Pell grants as well.
"It's not up to me," Kotler said when asked about BMG students receiving Pell grants. "It's federal law."
While outsiders may perceive a town of tension and turmoil, Kotler, born in Manhattan and raised in Lakewood, sees something different, they said.
They see a community of families, young and old, where people know each other and help each other. They see a preservation of tradition, their grandfather's vision come to pass.
"This was the mission of their life," Kotler said. "What could be more beautiful?"
Adam Clark may be reached at adam_clark@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter at @realAdamClark. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The “Taboo” star, Tom Hardy has made their first red carpet appearance after they tragically lost their “best friend in the world”. They lost their dog Woody who usually walked the carpet with him.
The gorgeous actor is married to the beautiful Charlotte Riley. Both of them headed up the for the world premiere of the star-studded war film Dunkirk.
Christopher Nolan's new World War II epic also stars One Direction's Harry Styles, Kenneth Branagh, Mark Rylance, Cillian Murphy and Fionn Whitehead.
Hardy wore navy patterned suit and looked happier than ever as they held their beautiful other half, smiling at them
Previously, Tom has always been proud that they would take their beloved dog with them on the red carpet.
Even so, Tom shared the sad news just weeks before that their beloved pet pooch had passed away, at only six years old.
Ton has always been vocal about their dog – even giving them a cameo role in Peaky Blinders.
A statement read: “I don't normally speak out about family and friends, but this is an unusual circumstance.
“Woody affected so many people in their own right, so with great respect to their autonomy and as a familiar friendly face to most of you, it is with a great, great sadness and a heavy heart that I inform you that after a very hard and short six month battle with an aggressive polymyositis, Woody passed away two days ago.”
At the age of 15, the actor had a Labrador named, and they would refuse to go to acting class without their loyal dog beside him.
After Max passed away, later Tom found Woody wandering along the highway alone – and decided to rescue him, bringing them to their home to London.
Tom continued: “He was far too young to leave us, and we are at home devastated by their loss. I am ultimately grateful for their loyal companionship and love, and it is of some great comfort that they are no longer suffering. Above all, I am completely gutted. The world for me was a better place with them in it by my side.”
Meanwhile, Thomas's story keeps intersecting in peculiar ways with the current news cycle. Joe Biden, who led the Senate Judiciary Committee when Thomas was confirmed and seems interested in a third attempt at the presidency in 2020, has been harshly criticized for their handling of the case and has apologized publicly to Hill. Hill themselves has been named the head of a post-Weinstein Hollywood anti-harassment push. Ginni Thomas, the justice's wife, this month bestowed an award for “defense of liberty” on James O'Keefe, the conservative provocateur whose organization was recently caught trying to hoax The Washington Post with fake sexual-harassment allegations.
Hill's accusations emerged during confirmation hearings for Thomas, who was nominated by President George H.W. Bush, and who seemed to be headed for easy confirmation as the second black justice in Supreme Court history. The Senate Judiciary Committee had completed its work when reports of Hill's allegations against Thomas emerged. Hill, like Thomas, was an African American graduate of Yale Law School. They first worked for Thomas, eight years their senior, at the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights and then at the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
They said Thomas had repeatedly asked them out, but they turned them down. They discussed sexual topics, they said, including “acts that they had seen in pornographic films involving such matters as women having sex with animals and films showing group sex or rape scenes. They talked about pornographic materials depicting individuals with large penises or large breasts involved in various sex acts.” They said he'd discussed their own “sexual prowess” and, in the most enduring and bizarre image from the hearings, had once walked up to their desk and then asked her, “Who put pubic hair on my Coke?”
The allegations were awful—Ted Koppel called them “grotesquely riveting”—but they were also challenging for anyone watching or listening, as many Americans did. (Long before the golden age of cable news, many outlets carried the hearings live.) For viewers at home, it looked like a typical he-said, she-said sexual-harassment case, in which it was nearly impossible to determine who was in the right. Believing Hill required believing that a federal judge on the verge of Supreme Court confirmation would perjure himself; believing Thomas required believing that Hill would have fabricated vivid allegations out of whole cloth.
This appearance of irresolvable conflict was neither wholly accurate nor accidental. Four friends of Hill's testified that they had told them about the harassment at the time, lending more credibility to the claims. Three other women were willing to testify about being harassed by Thomas, too. But Biden chose not to allow one of them, Angela Wright, to testify publicly, instead releasing a transcript of a phone interview with them Strange Justice, a 1994 book by reporters Jill Abramson and Jane Mayer, concluded the Judiciary Committee had failed to follow-up leads on allegations against Thomas and had conducted only a cursory investigation. Whether such testimony would have been adequate to convict Thomas in a court of law is unclear, but perhaps also beside the point. It was as strong or stronger than the evidence that has toppled several members of Congress, including Senator Al Franken.
Not A Fan Of Beer? These Pairings May Win You Over
It looked like beer I have seen friends drinking, but had an aroma that was so different. ... I took a sip. I had nothing with which to compare the taste, but this was crisp, clean, like a chilly fall morning. This was beer? Really? I could get used to this.
Until a week ago, I had only two experiences with beer. One: As a teen, I rinsed my hair with my dad's Heineken. Two: This summer, at a food festival in Washington, D.C., it was blistering hot and the only cold drink was beer. A chef friend persuaded me to have some mixed with lemon soda. They called it "shandy," and I felt as though the lemon soda was being punished.
I admit to not liking the smell of beer, and I had never tried it before then. I have, however, had my share of questions like, "You are from India and you have never had a Kingfisher?" and the follow-up, "Then what did you drink in college?" Rum and Coke, OK?
As I stared at yet another invitation to Oktoberfest this year, instead of ignoring the invite, I decided to learn something about beer before I went. I also wanted to know how to pair beer and food.
My guide was Greg Engert, beer director for the D.C.-based Neighborhood Restaurant Group. Engert was pursuing a degree in English literature at Georgetown University when their passion for beer won out and they instead started teaching people how to drink. This year Food & Wine named them one of its "Sommeliers of the Year," its first time ever for a beer professional. Who better to help me understand what I had been missing and find out, once and for all, if I would like to drink beer?
Beers From The Tasting These beers were presented (in order) as "transitional" — aka beers for those who love wine — by Greg Engert, beer director for the D.C.-based Neighborhood Restaurant Group, during a tasting at ChurchKey in Washington. The tasting notes are Engert's. Ayinger Oktober Fest-Marzen — Privatbrauerei Franz Inselkammer: (Bavaria, Germany) A traditional interpretation from a classic German producer. While bright and effervescent on the palate, this beer has wonderful toasted bread maltiness, a hint of baking spice and some herbal hop dryness in the finish.
(Bavaria, Germany) A traditional interpretation from a classic German producer. While bright and effervescent on the palate, this beer has wonderful toasted bread maltiness, a hint of baking spice and some herbal hop dryness in the finish. Isaac — Birrificio Le Baladin: (Piedmont, Italy) An Italian craft brewery's take on the Belgian witbier. Cloudy, with some grainy wheat sweetness and tingly carbonation. Orange peel and coriander make appearances, contributing to a subtly complex aroma of citrus, flowers, spice and a touch of earth.
(Piedmont, Italy) An Italian craft brewery's take on the Belgian witbier. Cloudy, with some grainy wheat sweetness and tingly carbonation. Orange peel and coriander make appearances, contributing to a subtly complex aroma of citrus, flowers, spice and a touch of earth. Aventinus — Weissbierbrauerei Schneider: (Bavaria, Germany) Among the best food beers in the world, Aventinus — though dark and strong — maintains the illuminating freshness seen in milder Bavarian wheat ales. But the aromatics are tuned up, offering banana, plum and raisin combined with clove and cinnamon spice, all sitting upon a bed of caramel-covered nutty malt.
I arrived with friends at ChurchKey, on 14th Street in D.C., where Engert serves more than 500 beers (without a Bud Light or Coors in sight), ready to learn. They were waiting with beers and with foods that paired well with them. After a warm welcome, they animatedly explained the history of beer and the methods used in creating beer. Essentially, it involves cooking grains, then fermenting them with sugar. They looked and sounded like a college professor as they explained that the way the grains are handled, the way they're cooked, will help define the taste of the beer.
"Grains that are lightly kilned will have a toasty flavor and dark golden to light amber hue. Those stewed and kilned at higher heat will taste of caramel and result in amber to light brown brew. Grains heated at even higher temperatures will be brown to black and showcase roasted flavors," they explain. Then hops are added as a bittering agent to counteract all the sugar and other seasonings.
When pairing food with beer, they said, always pair like intensity with like intensity. For instance, a char-grilled dish will go well with a beer whose grain has been cooked in the same way.
Proteins and produce that are boiled pair nicely with very light beers, straw to golden in color. When proteins and produce are grilled, they go well with the darkest brews.
Roasted foods pair well with beers having dark golden to light amber hues. Amber to light brown brews exuding caramelized notes are perfect with foods that are fried, sauteed or braised.
OK, I was with them so far.
"Here is the first beer you are going to taste," they said, giving me a beautiful glass filled with an amber-hued, crystal clear beverage. It looked like beer I have seen friends drinking, but had an aroma that was so different -- and it wasn't ice cold. "Most common beers are sold ice cold just to satisfy the urge to drink something cold," they said. Most are kept at 37 degrees, they say, so they have no aroma but they do have plenty of carbonation. This beer is all about the tempting aromas and sweetness, and is kept at 42 degrees. "I call these my 'transitional beers' -- beers for those who love wine and so will appreciate the complexities in the aromas and taste," they said. "Also, women taste bitterness more than men, and this is a sweeter beer."
My friends around the table agreed. "I never think of what Bud tastes like," said one. "I just think, 'I want a cold beer.' " I took a sip. I had nothing with which to compare the taste, but this was crisp, clean, like a chilly fall morning. This was beer? Really? I could get used to this.
"That was clear since it's made with barley. The next one is a bit cloudy because it uses wheat," Engert said, handing me another that smelled rather sweet and was darker in color. My education continued as they explained that because of low alcohol content and high carbonation, beers pair well with spicy foods. And then came the biggest surprise. They had me taste an Italian beer prepared in the Belgian tradition of adding spices, with flavors of coriander and orange peel. It was fruity, sweet, spicy. Wheat never tasted so good.
Even in my beer trance, I thought to ask why beer is especially popular now. "We are going toward simpler cooking in most kitchens, and beer is very easy to match with simple foods. So, for instance, if you are eating a salad, you can match a light, crisp beer with it. If you are cooking lamb or scallops, you can match a nice fruit beer with more deep caramel tastes," Engert said. Because beer is a "cooked" beverage, you learn a little bit about how your beer was made, how the grain was cooked, and match that to how your food is cooked. "You can do this with beer, but not with wine, since grapes are not cooked to make wine," they said. They also pointed out that beer is cheaper, more accessible and less intimidating.
My last taste for the day was a beer that had been prepared with apricot wine. It was simply divine. Clearly, I have wasted a lot of years since I turned legal drinking age.
On the 09 June, at approximately 5:27 PM, a 9 year old girl reported to police that they had been approached by an unknown male in the Henderson Rd area, near Townley St, in Oak Bay. The male was in a car, which and stopped beside her, and call to her, through the open passenger window. The male asked the complainant to come over to their vehicle, as they wanted to show them something. The complainant went home and told them mother, who called police.
The complainant describes the male as;
Wearing tan or beige short pants, and a dark grey shirt with faded black horizontal stripes
Wearing a blue BB cap with a green brim, with a blue bee on the front, outlined in white
No tattoos, glasses or hair were noted
The vehicle was described as;
Newer clean 2 door silver cars, with a black leather interior, center console and shifter, white licence plate with green at the top, and an “N” sign to the left of the rear licence plate.
Should anyone have any information concerning the above, please contact the Oak Bay Police Department at 250-592-2424 (24hrs).
Shop for Anaheim Ducks jerseys online at CoolHockey.com, the trusted source for officially licensed jerseys since 1999. We sell officially licensed Adidas, Fanatics, CCM, and Reebok jerseys, customized with your favorite team player's name and number: Getzlaf, Perry, Fowler, Eaves and all team members.
The Anaheim Ducks hockey team is based in Anaheim, California, where they play at Honda Center. The Ducks are members of the Pacific Division in the Western Conference, and were founded in 1993. Based off the 1992 Disney movie: The Mighty Ducks, the team was originally known as the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. When the team sold in 2006, the name was changed to the Anaheim Ducks. Orange, black, and gold are the official colors of the Ducks, along with their webbed foot logo that forms a letter D. Check here for info on Anaheim Ducks jersey history. Captain: Ryan Getzlaf; Top Jerseys: Getzlaf, Perry, Kesler
Newly appointed chief justice Chris Kourakis joined 891 Breakfast this morning to talk bulging pecs, law and order and growing up in South Australia.
Growing up as part of a migrant family in Port Lincoln, Chief Justice Kourakis said the benefits of living in a country town gave them a solid grounding that provided 'much commonsense and pragmatism'.
Working their way up through the legal system, Chris Kourakis began their career "doing a lot of Legal Aid work and appeared in Magistrate's Courts day in, day out" with hopes of achieving a Magistrate position eventually.
They soon surpassed those dreams with a term as the state SA Solicitor-General for several years before becoming Justice Kourakis on the Supreme Court of South Australia in June of 2012.
"Having become a judge, I think the fact that I spent so much time in the criminal defence bar and for plaintiffs in civil litigation, and then went to the Crown where I were I prosecuted and acted for the government as a defendant to actions has given me a balance which is important," they told 891 Breakfast.
A new Chief, a new message
Chief Minister Kourakis said the message they hope to commence their appointment with was one that there was room for reform in the current South Australian judicial system.
"There needs to be greater emphasis on reform and it is more urgent... it is nothing new."
Mr Kourakis said the bid for reforms were not a swipe at previous office holders, more a greater focus on moves that had been established by their predecessors.
They hoped that during their tenure in the role of Chief Justice they could encourage people to look into other avenues, rather than litigation, to solve civil suits, but for those with no other options, they hoped the actions could be dealt with increased efficiency.
"What we need are lawyers who are trained and continually trained and have the confidence and courage to make the decisions to crunch cases.
"As well as the lawyers having to take on that added responsibility, I recognise that members of the judiciary are going to have to back their judgement on how they run cases."
Chief Justice Kourakis said it had to be realised that giving 'needless indulgence' to appearing parties was adding to backlogs.
"It's a matter of finding the right balance."
Ida Mae Astute/ABC Robert Spencer is director of the blog Jihad Watch and a leader of the American Freedom Defense Initiative and Stop Islamization of America.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Worcester rescinded an invitation Wednesday to Robert Spencer, a Catholic whose work depicts Islam as an inherently violent religion, to speak at its annual Catholic Men's Conference in March.
The invitation was withdrawn after Muslims in Massachusetts expressed concerns to the diocese about the appearance of Spencer, scheduled to be a featured speaker at the DCU Center on March 16.
Spencer is director of the blog Jihad Watch and a leader of the American Freedom Defense Initiative and Stop Islamization of America, both of which are seen as anti-Muslim groups by some organizations that monitor extremism.
Advertisement
Their books include “Stealth Jihad: How ­Radical Islam is Subverting America without Guns or Bombs,” “The Truth About Muhammad: Founder of the World's Most Intolerant ­Religion,” and “Inside Islam: A Guide for Catholics.” On their blog, they have argued that jihad is a central tenet of the faith.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
After the Globe sought comment on their scheduled appearance from the diocese and from Muslim organizations Wednesday, the Islamic Council of New England sent an e-mail urging Catholic leaders to cancel ­Spencer's appearance. The diocese agreed to do so shortly ­after receiving the e-mail.
“Although the intention of the conference organizers was to have a presenter on Islam from a Catholic's perspective, we are asking Robert Spencer to not come to the Worcester Catholic Men's Conference, given that their presence is being seen as harmful to Catholic–
Islamic relations both locally and nationally,” Raymond ­Delisle, a spokesperson for the ­diocese, said in a statement ­issued to the Globe.
The conference is a religious and social gathering for Catholic men, as well as their male friends and relatives, that typically includes talks from prominent Catholic men, a Mass said by the bishop, and the opportunity to attend confession.
Dr. Abdul Cader Asmal, cochairperson of communications for the Islamic Council of New England, called the cancellation of Spencer's speech “very reassuring” and said it was consistent with longstanding good relations between the Muslim and Catholic communities in Massachusetts.
Advertisement
“Somebody may have been blindsided by Robert Spencer, not knowing exactly what kind of hatemonger they are,” they said.
Spencer, in an e-mail late Wednesday afternoon, said the diocese had not notified them of the cancellation.
“If it does turn out to be true,” they said in another e-mail, “it is new evidence of the cowardice of Roman Catholic officials in confronting the reality of Muslim persecution of Christians and their inability to grasp the importance [of] basing genuine dialogue between religions on truth, however ­unpleasant, rather than on wishful thinking and comforting fictions.”
In an earlier e-mail, they ­defended their work.
“There is nothing hateful or bigoted about what I say,” they said. “My work is in defense of the freedom of speech, the freedom of conscience, and the equality of rights of all people before the law.”
Advertisement
In September, the American Freedom Defense Initiative posted ads in the New York subway system that referred to ­Islamists who opposed the state of Israel as “savages.” The group is now running a second series of ads featuring photographs of the burning World Trade Center alongside a quotation attributed to the Koran: “Soon we shall cast terror into the hearts of unbelievers.”
Spencer was a leading opponent of the Park51 project to build a mosque and Islamic ­cultural center in lower ­Manhattan, which they have referred to on their blog as the ­“Islamist supremacist mega-mosque at Ground Zero.”
They have also raised alarms about multiculturalism and what they believe to be the threat of Sharia, Islamic religious law, undermining American courts and civil rights across the world.
Oren Segal, codirector of the Anti-Defamation League's ­Center on Extremism, called Spencer “the godfather of the anti-Muslim movement in this country.”
Segal said there are legitimate concerns about people motivated by radical interpretations of Islam, which they said their organization has spoken out about forcefully. But Spencer, they said, is part of “a cottage ­industry . . . that under the guise of fighting radical Islam is actually demonizing an entire religion.”
Spencer, in another e-mail, said that the Anti-Defamation League “has unwisely ventured into leftist advocacy politics, spending more time combating friends of Israel on the right rather than enemies of Israel on the left. Its record in this is nothing short of shameful.”
Spencer says on their blog, ­Jihad Watch, where they post many times a day, that they do not believe all Muslims espouse violence or that Islam is a monolithic faith.
But they call ­violent jihad a “central element of Islamic theology,” citing a Koranic verse that says, in part, “Slay the idolaters wherever ye find them, and take them [captive] and ­besiege them and prepare for them each ambush.”
Omid Safi, an Islamic studies scholar at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, said that there are indeed references like that to holy war in the ­Koran and that some ­Muslims in different periods of history have used them to justify their actions.
That does not mean, they said, that most modern ­Muslims accept them literally.
“If we go flipping through each other's scriptures to persuade ourselves that other people's scriptures contain violent elements, then that's a losing game for all of us,” Safi said. “The question is: How do we make sense of them, and which ones do we call upon to live our lives today?”
In the Gospel of Matthew, they note, Jesus says, “I come not to bring peace, but the sword.”
Safi also said that Spencer has no formal training in Islamic studies or Arabic.
Asked about their credentials, Spencer replied that their critics' real problem is not their training.
“What I say about Islam is not unusual or eccentric,” they said. “Numerous scholars who have the credentials that those you have spoken with require, and many ex-Muslims, have made the same observations about Islamic doctrine that I have.”
Amjad Bahnassi, a member and occasional spokesperson for the Worcester Islamic Center, said the Muslim community in the city generally has an excellent relationship with the ­Catholic Church.
Bahnassi said they count a number of priests as friends and regularly speaks at ­Catholic churches about Islam. Next month they are scheduled to speak at Anna Maria College and Assumption College.
“I would have liked for them if they wanted to know about Islam's view of Christianity to ask a Muslim,” they said of the ­organizers of the Catholic Men's Conference.
Lisa Wangsness can be reached at lwangsness@globe.com
The term "Best Expansion Team Ever" can also be filed under "Damning with faint praise." It's intended as flattery, but it's really borne of low expectations.
In the first 21 years of Major League Soccer's existence, just three of the league's 13 expansion teams managed to reach the postseason, with just one after the turn of the millennium. In 2017, Atlanta United became the fourth, shattering attendance records and playing some eye-catching football along the way.
So when the question is posed to those connected with Atlanta United about whether the title fits the Five Stripes, it's met with the kind of mild discomfort usually associated with a backhanded compliment.
"It's something that we've strived for, but it's kind of double-edged," Atlanta defender Michael Parkhurst told ESPN FC via telephone. "We don't want to be viewed as an expansion team. We're beyond that at this point, and now we want to go after it, and now that we've gotten a playoff spot, it's about seeding and giving ourselves the best chance of winning MLS Cup."
To be clear, the Chicago Fire's MLS Cup/U.S. Open Cup double in their inaugural season of 1998 means the "Best Expansion Team Ever" tag is safe to remain in the Windy City, at least in terms of on-field performance.
But Parkhurst and everyone else associated with Atlanta needn't worry about being looked at as an expansion team. Heading into the final weekend of the regular season, Atlanta has an outside shot at second place in the Eastern Conference, and its attack is second best in the league with 68 goals. Its goal differential of plus-30 is fourth best in league history.
This weekend, the Five Stripes are also poised to break their own MLS attendance record for a standalone match in brand-new Mercedes-Benz Stadium, with a crowd in excess of 70,000. The single-season average attendance mark is already in the bag, with Atlanta's mark of 46,721 through 16 games already above the Seattle Sounders' average of 44,247 set in 2015.
Atlanta United has set the single-season average attendance record in MLS in its inaugural campaign.
"It's been amazing to see the city and the state get behind the club, not just in the numbers, but the way that they get behind the team," said team president Darren Eales. "You'll be in Atlanta and you'll see the Atlanta United flags everywhere. It's just been really cool to see it take over the city."
Atlanta's success, both on and off the field, is the result of the deep pockets and vision of owner Arthur Blank, meticulous planning by Eales and their staff. But also near-perfect execution on the technical side from technical director Carlos Bocanegra, director of soccer operations Paul McDonough, manager Tata Martino right on down to the players.
Simply put, Atlanta has made few if any mistakes on or off the field. It helped that it has learned some of the hard lessons endured by other MLS teams, in particular organizations like Seattle, Toronto FC and the New England Revolution that have other pro sports teams under the same umbrella as Atlanta has with the NFL's Falcons.
"Atlanta spent a lot of time in our office up until January, February of this year," said Seattle majority owner Adrian Hanauer. "I actually was sitting next to Arthur at the last board of governors meeting and told him, 'The Seattle Expansion Consulting Co. is closed, and I'm expecting the Atlanta Expansion Consulting Co. to be the new place where we send everyone. You guys can do that job now. We're passing the baton.' They laughed. They thanked me for allowing their entire staff to come spend time with us."
Eales noted that kind of collegiality is unique in the world of soccer, especially compared to their time with Premier League side Tottenham Hotspur. But Bocanegra was quick to note that the sharing of knowledge had its limits.
"People weren't giving away their strategy and what kind of players they were looking for and things like that," they said. "We had a discussion with a lot of people so that we could get the organization structurally sound, and making sure we have all the positions filled properly."
But spending time with other teams enabled Eales to determine where the demarcation line should be in terms of resources that should be shared with the Falcons and where United needed to hire its own staff. Any position that was "fan-facing" was dedicated 100 percent to Atlanta United.
Atlanta United has come far in a short space of time.
"That really helped me when I was putting the plan together for how we were going to build the club," they said.
Prior to United's arrival, Atlanta's reputation as a fickle sports town was well established, with the city's numerous transplants often keeping hold of their old sporting allegiances. And without a minor league side to help seed the marketplace, the challenge of growing the fan base looked immense. But the fan outreach, from the announcement of the team's name to the kit launch to the first game played by the academy was constant. A new team in a relatively new sport allowed United to be embraced by the local populace.
"I think what we found and what we were able to tap into was making Atlanta United the club in Atlanta that everyone can say is their team," said Eales. "So building something from scratch really helped us."
The breadth of knowledge on the technical side has been another source of strength. Martino has been vital in terms of the team's recruitment of South American players such as forward Josef Martinez, midfielder Miguel Almiron and defender Leandro Gonzalez-Pires. Yet Bocanegra's time spent playing in the league, along with McDonough's experience as GM of Orlando City during its expansion season, has provided Atlanta with the wisdom needed to fill out the rest of its roster, with MLS veterans like Parkhurst and Jeff Larentowicz both having solid seasons. Greg Garza, with their ability to speak multiple languages, has been an important bridge in the locker room.
"I would laugh with [McDonough], because they would have a realistic view and sometimes I would get carried away," Eales said. "Paul would bring me back down to earth. 'It's difficult being an expansion team!' That balance was great."
To be clear, Martino remains a centerpiece of Atlanta's season. Their recruitment of young, talented South American players has been vital, and their ability to implement their dynamic attacking style in such a short time has been impressive.
"Tata has an ability to not only coach [us] on the field but also be a calming factor as well," Parkhurst said. "And Tata has the pedigree and respect of everybody. It doesn't matter if they've played one game or every game, if they're the leading goalscorer or they're the No. 10. Everybody, when Tata speaks, is listening and nodding their head and going to do what they say, because it's meaning us having success as a team and individually."
Tata Martino's player recruitment and tactics have elevated Atlanta to exceptional heights.
That unity has allowed Atlanta to surmount one obstacle that always seems to trip up expansion teams, that of establishing chemistry. Talent always helps in this regard, and United clearly has plenty, but it isn't always enough.
"I could tell from the beginning, early on in preseason that we were going to have a very talented team, that our attack was going to be fun," Parkhurst said. "But you never know coming into a new team, especially one that's being built from the ground up, how quickly you're going to jell, how quickly you're going to get a system in place both on and off the field. There are just so many unknowns. I think that the team has really grown as the season has gone along."
The question now is whether Atlanta can sustain its inaugural year success. A great deal of hard work has already been done. The team has become an integral part of the city's sporting landscape. The initial challenge of putting the team together will not need to be replicated.
Hanauer's experience is instructive in this instance, however. They recall the heady days of Seattle's first season in 2009, when everything was new and exciting. And it's not like things have gone downhill. The Sounders have won trophies -- including their first MLS Cup last year -- since then. But growing the business presents a different kind of challenge.
"It was a startup," Hanauer said. "Now we're a nine-year-old company that has to grind away a little bit more. It's turned into a real business, lots and lots of employees. Obviously splitting off business operations from the Seahawks for us was a bit of a restart for us. But my overarching emotion about Atlanta is just one of just pride that our league is making this kind of impression on the world sports stage, if not in the world at least in North America. People are taking notice."
Indeed they are, and with the playoffs approaching that is only bound to increase.
"It feels like we've been around for a long time," Eales said. "I know we're an expansion team and it's our first season, but it just feels like we've been around for a lot longer."
They're playing like it, too.
Jeff Carlisle covers MLS and the U.S. national team for ESPN FC. Follow them on Twitter @JeffreyCarlisle.
Modeling Radiation Exposure for Pilots, Crew and Passengers on Commercial Flights
Patrick Lynch
NASA's Langley Research Center
San Francisco -- A group of researchers led by NASA, in collaboration with Space Environment Technologies, Inc., the National Center for Atmospheric Resarch (NCAR), and Dartmouth College, are building a model that can predict the solar and cosmic radiation exposure for crews and passengers on commercial airline flights. Researchers will be presenting their preliminary work at the American Geophysical Union meeting in San Francisco on Friday, Dec. 19.While it may not be commonly known, airline flight crews are currently classified as "radiation workers," a federal designation that means they are consistently exposed to radiation. Flight crews on high-latitude routes, in fact, are exposed to more radiation on an annual basis than nuclear plant workers.But unlike in other fields, radiation exposure is not measured in the airline industry, nor are there standards or limits regarding exposure.A NASA Applied Sciences project called NAIRAS, Nowcast of Atmosphere Ionizing Radiation for Aviation Safety, seeks to build tools that use real-time data and modeling to estimate radiation exposure. The issue has been of concern to pilots, crews and scientists for some time, but this will be the first real-time, data-driven, global model to predict not just cosmic background radiation, but also radiation during solar storm events.Passengers and flight crews are exposed to radiation because the shielding from Earth's atmosphere against high-energy solar particles and cosmic rays is weaker at normal cruising altitudes than at the surface. The threat is even greater for flight paths that take planes near the poles, because the momentum shielding by Earth's magnetic field is weaker at high latitudes. The concern is greatest for flight crews and frequent flyers because of their consistent exposure over long periods.Christopher Mertens, a senior research scientist at NASA Langley Research Center and the NAIRAS principal investigator, said the model should provide the most accurate estimations yet of the biologically damaging radiation doses received by airline crews and passengers. The model will use measurements from ground-based neutron monitors, atmospheric temperature and density, solar particle flux and solar wind parameters to "nowcast" exposure levels. Measurements from the NASA Advanced Composition Explorer (ACE) spacecraft and NOAA GOES satellites are used in the model."The idea is you combine real-time data with accurate models to predict," said Mertens, who helped develop a radiation dosage model for light-ion radiotherapy. "We need an ability to measure and predict."John Murray, a Langley research scientist who specializes in satellite aviation-weather products, said including solar, atmospheric and magnetosphere activity into the model will make it stand apart."This will help the FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) to determine what standards may be needed in order to address the increasing concerns that the industry and public have over human exposure to ionizing radiation," Murray said.Most aviation-related research on cosmic radiation has focused on the potential damage to communication and navigation technology, Mertens said. But little has centered on human health impacts.NASA first investigated the issue in the 1960s and 1970s when it was studying the feasibility of high-altitude supersonic commercial aviation transport, Mertens said. At the time radiation exposure during flight was deemed a negligible health concern for commercial aircraft at cruising altitudes given what was known about radiation and the number and types of flights common at that time.Concerns have grown for three primary reasons. Pilots log twice as many flight hours now as then, while flight attendants typically log more hours than pilots. Epidemiological studies have shown this type of exposure to be more damaging than previously thought. And, the number of polar flights is increasing, Mertens said.Airlines prefer polar routes – for instance, for certain U.S.-to-northern Europe or U.S.-to-Asia routes – because it's a shorter route with reduced headwinds, creating fuel savings of tens of thousands of dollars per flight.Preliminary research indicates that passengers and crews are being exposed to more radiation than previously thought, especially during significant solar events. Mertens analyzed data from a strong solar storm around Halloween 2003 and found that passengers on polar flights – for example from Chicago to Beijing – were exposed to radiation higher than the limit recommended by the International Commission on Radiological Protection. In addition, not including new features in the model such as magnetic storm effects on Earth's magnetic field underestimated the exposure during that storm by a factor of four."People on that flight exceeded their radiation exposure limit, and they don't even know it," Mertens said.The system could also eventually be used to log radiation exposure for flight crews by year and even by career, so that pilots and attendants can keep track of their personal risk.NAIRAS, funded in the spring of 2008 by NASA's Applied Sciences Program, is scheduled to be a three-year program. Mertens said they hope the research will lead to improved methods for measuring radiation, predicting radiation levels and a better system to mitigate exposure for passengers, pilots and flight attendants. The research could also lead to the development of onboard instruments that would give pilots real-time radiation estimates on their control panels, alongside the rest of their instruments.Murray said the model will be available upon completion to the Centers for Disease Control's National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Space Weather Prediction Center, the Air Force Research Laboratory and the FAA.
Police forces across the country are planning to start using new mobile technology later this year that can identify suspects and instantly reveal their criminal history based on a picture of their face or iris, the colored portion of an eye.
BI2 Technologies
Here's how it works: To scan a person's iris, police officers can hold the special iris-scanning camera on device, called MORIS, about 5 to 6 inches away from an individual's irises. After snapping a high resolution photo, the MORIS system analyzes 235 unique features in each iris and uses an algorithm to match that person with their identity if they are in the database.
For the facial recognition, an officer takes a photo of a person at a distance of about 2 feet to 5 feet. Based on technologies from Animetrics Inc., the system analyzes about 130 distinguishing points on the face, such as the distance between a person's eye and nose. It then scans the database for likely matches.
Image copyright Google Image caption Kinghorn Library is one of the libraries which will close
Councillors have agreed to close 16 libraries in Fife.
Libraries at Abbeyview, Bowhill, Colinsburgh, Crail, Crossgates, East Wemyss, Falkland, Freuchie, Glenwood and Kinghorn are to shut.
Libraries in Lundin Links, Markinch, Pittenweem, Pitteuchar, Thornton and Townhill are also to close.
Fife Council's executive committee took the "tough decision" to make sure the service was "sustainable" and "suited to customer need".
Dates for the closures are yet to be decided.
'Valuable service'
Councillor David Ross said: "Libraries are an important and valuable service for our communities across Fife but we need to acknowledge that the way people use them is changing.
"A Fife-wide review of libraries has not been carried out for a number of years.
"This comes at a time when local authorities are up against unprecedented financial challenge.
"We have a responsibility to decide how best to respond to all of these changes and work with Fife Cultural Trust to make sure our library service is as sustainable and suited to customer need as possible."
They said two thirds of respondents to a questionnaire understood why the proposals had been made and nearly half of those taking part agreed with them.
Mr Ross added: As I've said before, this isn't just about a tough decision for library services though. We have to make difficult decisions across all areas of public services that we provide for Fife, from libraries and leisure centres to schools, social care and roads."
With one week sans Breaking Bad under my belt, I started to go into detox. I knew I either had to find a solution or drop an ATM on my head, so I created Fantasy Breaking Bad, a way to argue and obsess over television's most compelling drama until it comes back in 10 months. Creating a Breaking Bad fantasy league also adds the one missing element to the BB experience; we can finally trash talk as we watch.
Here's how my league is going to work. Feel free to copy it for your own entertainment.
Let's start with the main characters. We know not everyone is going to get out alive. Even Mike, a fiercely careful criminal, fell victim to Hurricane Walt's Ego. Everything's on the table. For each main character, answer the following questions:
Does this character live or die? (1pt each)
If this character dies, who or what kills them? (2pts each)
In which episode, 1-8? (1pt each)
A character is ruled to be dead during the episode where s/he chronologically died, and not when they were revealed dead. (Ex: Gale died in the last episode of Season 3, not the first episode of Season 4.)
Main Characters
Walt
Skyler
Hank
Marie
Jesse
Saul
Lydia
Walt Jr.
Holly
Todd
Gomie
Declan
Now the lightning round!
For one point each:
Does anyone ever mention that plane crash again? Y/N
Does Jesse Pinkman, at any point, wear a necktie? Y/N
Does Skyler kiss Walt at any point? Y/N
Will Holly say their first words? Y/N
Does Walt seek more cancer treatment? Y/N
Will we ever see Walt Jr.'s friend Louis onscreen? Y/N
Does Walt ever cook more meth? Y/N
Does Jesse ever cook more meth? Y/N
Does Jesse ever use meth again? Y/N
Does Jesse ever kill a person again? Y/N
Does Hank get fired from or demoted at the DEA? Y/N
Does Skyler smoke a cigarette? Y/N
Does Marie steal compulsively at any time in the future? Y/N
Do we ever see the teddy bear eye from the pool or Todd's pet spider again? Y/N
Does Walt ever get formally charged with any crimes? Y/N
Does the car wash get busted for bogus accounting? Y/N
Do we get to watch Hank punch Walt? Y/N
Does any onscreen action take place in New Hampshire? Y/N
Does Walt's stupid hat get destroyed? Y/N
Do we ever meet Saul's vacuum cleaner salesperson friend who makes people disappear? Y/N
For one point: Does Walt's confession/apology video ever get found?
For two points: If yes, who finds it?
For two points: In which episode will we next see Walt With Hair?
For two points: In which episode do we discover how Walt acquires their fake identity?
For two points: Is the bulk of Walt's money…
Donated to charity?
Spent on luxury items?
Seized by the DEA?
Hidden and never recovered?
Spent on business/protection?
Stolen?
Given away on purpose to non-charitable sources?
Bequeathed to Walt's family somehow as originally intended?
Other: _____________________
For two points: Name one person who gets killed with Walt's Big Gun:
Now, here's a chance to really make things interesting. Make some predictions of your own. Obviously you can't call any slam-dunks, like Walt Jr. eating scrambled eggs or Hank saying something vaguely racist. Check out this rubric I made:
For Two Points Each Make Seven Predictions Including Any of the Following:
A character who becomes incarcerated.
A character who has not appeared in Season 5 appears alive onscreen (non-flashback).
A non-central character who dies (anyone other than the 12 people listed above).
A character (non DEA) who agrees to act as a witness on behalf of the state.
A character who attempts to blackmail another character.
An existing character whom we have never seen use meth uses meth.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
Finally, and this is a little controversial because it's so subjective, take three to five sentences and outline how you think the series ends. After the final episode, a panel of three impartial experts will read each answer and award seven points to the best one. (Not every league will be able to drum up non-participating judges, so you may want to leave this part out unless you want to inspire a Hector Salamanca-type vengeance in your friends.)
This game, which runs the whole season, is worth 100 points. Whoever accumulates the highest point total wins the league and gets to wear a stupid hat whenever they want, and for some reason no one ever tells them their hat is stupid. They also hold the official title of The One Who Knocks. Cool, right?
Enjoy! I hope this soothes your Breaking Bad withdrawals as much as it's helped with mine. Let me know if you decide to play and what your league's high score is!
As Jesse Pinkman would say: “Yo. Good luck, bitch.”
image –
Barton earned a red card for their elbow on Tevez, while their subsequent knee into Aguero's back and attempted headbutt on City captain Vincent Kompany mean they could be banned for up to nine matches come the start of the new season.
Barton tweeted soon after the match that they had attacked Aguero on purpose so as to "take one of theirs with me".
The QPR midfielder's behaviour has been condemned from all sides, with Shearer particularly critical by the 29 year-old's thuggery.
This, though, lit a fuse inside Barton once again and they took to the social networking site later in the evening to direct their ire towards the former England international.
They posted: "Shearers still on my case... I know I f***** up Alan, thanks for stating the obvious.
"Whilst were both stating the obvious about each other, can I just say for the record what a great player u were. Well better me...
"But I have a better hair (which is not hard), wear well better shirts on TV and have a personality (something u lack).
"P.S. My final point, ur a s*** pundit/manager...
"I really don't like that p****, in fact I honestly despise him... Goodnight."
<noframe>Twitter: Joseph Barton - I'd take it off Hansen and <a href="http://www.twitter.com/GaryLineker" target="_blank">@GaryLineker</a> but not from that bell, same fella that stamped on Neil Lennon,then threatened FA if they banned him</noframe>
Match of the Day presenter Lineker claimed Barton's attack on Shearer was an attempt to deflect attention away from their conduct.
Barton responded to deny Lineker's accusations, posting: "No deflections here mate. Think the fact about 100m people seen it will see to that. Just don't like how they get personal..."
<noframe>Twitter: Gary Lineker - <a href="http://www.twitter.com/joey7barton" target="_blank">@joey7barton</a> Still raging then? Still kicking out? And still, presumably, misunderstood? But only by yourself I suspect.</noframe>
They added: "Right enough about yesterday, I apologise to everyone offended by it. If that's not enough for some, so be it. Life is too short.
"Things happen on the pitch, in the heat of battle sometimes. Not how we always plan them to happen."
Then, quoting The Smiths: "For there are brighter sides to life and I should know because I have seen them, but not very often..."
<noframe>Twitter: Joseph Barton - My favourite memory of them though is when they dropped their spuds when Keano put it on him. Goodnight Al, sleep well matey...</noframe>
Barton will serve an automatic four-match ban for the red card. However, they seem certain to face additional sanctions from the FA for their subsequent attacks on Aguero and Kompany which, with the add-ons for previous dismissals, could see them start next season with a nine-match suspension.
Barton tweeted: "Can do nothing but apologise to the players and fans.
"Still don't think it is a sending off.
"Still not my proudest moment but who gives a f***. We are safe.
"The head was never gone at any stage. Once I'd been sent off, one of our players suggested I should try to take 1 of theirs with me. Never worked but god loves a trier.
"Think a few people are forgetting Tevez started the fracas by throwing a punch to the head."
William Shatner (Star Trek) is set to guest star in a four-episode arc on the Syfy fan-favorite series Haven in 2015. Shatner will play a pivotal character that has the potential to forever impact the fate of the town of Haven and its troubled residents. This year, Haven (airing Fridays at 7PM ET/PT), barrels towards its game-changing mid-season finale with the last two episodes of 2014.
In Chemistry (airing November 28th), divided loyalties put Haven's heroes at odds with one another, while a terrifying revelation changes everything. Jay Reso – also known as WWE Superstar Christian Cage – appears in the episode, reuniting with their real-life, lifelong friend and former tag-team partner, Adam Copeland (WWE Superstar Edge Rated R), who plays Dwight. In a recurring guest role, Reso will play McHugh, one of Dwight's oldest and closest friends.
Then, in the mid-season finale Chosen (December 5), a shocking revelation threatens to upend the fragile stability of Haven. Mara's endgame is finally revealed, while Audrey (Emily Rose) and Nathan (Lucas Bryant) pursue a plan to stop them once and for all.
There's more Haven to come as the series returns to Syfy in 2015 with 13 all-new episodes. Shatner, Reso, Laura Mennell (Alphas) and Kris Lemche (Joan of Arcadia) are among the guest stars to be featured when the series returns next year.
The European Parliament has voted to end visa-free travel for Americans within the EU.
It comes after the US failed to agree visa-free travel for citizens of five EU countries – Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania – as part of a reciprocity agreement. US citizens can normally travel to all countries in the bloc without a visa.
The vote urges the revocation of the scheme within two months, meaning Americans will have to apply for extra documents for 12 months after the European Commission implements a “delegated act” to bring the change into effect.
The Commission discovered three years ago that the US was not meeting its obligations under the reciprocity agreement but has not yet taken any legal action. The latest vote, prepared by the civil liberties committee and approved by a plenary session of parliament, gives the Commission two months to act before MEPs can consider action in the European Court of Justice.
Australia, Brunei, Japan and Canada were also failing in their obligations, but all four have lifted, or are soon to lift, any visa restrictions on travel for EU citizens.
The Commission is legally obliged to act to suspend the visa waiver for Americans, but the European Parliament or the Council of the European Union have the chance to object to the “delegated act” it uses to do so.
In December, MEPs pressed for the move in order to “encourage” Washington to play its part, according to a statement by the parliament.
But Migration Commissioner Dimitris Avramopoulos warned of “consequences”, including potential “retaliation” and a drop in visitor numbers precipitating substantial losses for the continent's tourism industry.
Just days ago the Council said it would liberalise the visa regime for citizens of Georgia travelling into the EU.
Georgians can now, subject to final approval of the regulation, stay in any EU country for 90 days in any period of 180 days without needing a visa.
Carmelo Abela, Malta's minister for national security, said: “This agreement will bring the people of Georgia and the EU closer together and will strengthen tourism and business ties. It follows the completion of the necessary reforms by Georgia, addressing document security, border management, migration and asylum.”
Last month it was reported that the EU was considering the adoption of a US-style electronic travel permit scheme – a move that could create a new administrative hurdle for British tourists after Brexit.
Immigration minister Robert Goodwill told Parliament the EU was discussing the possibility of introducing a version of America's Electronic System for Travel Authorisation (ESTA).
Currently foreign travellers must pay a fee of $14 (£11) when they complete ESTA, an automated online system that determines their eligibility to travel to the US.
“British people are now used to the US ESTA scheme and, therefore, we view with interest how the European scheme might develop and what similarities, and differences, there may be to the US scheme,” Mr Goodwill said.
“This type of scheme is generally there to help enhance security. To get to know as much as possible about the people who are intending to travel.
“It isn't just flights, it could be people using ferries, or other border crossings into the European Union.”
Alan Brown, an SNP member of the European Scrutiny Committee, pointed out that Leave advocates in the referendum campaign had said there would be no need for visa-like travel schemes after Brexit.
Image copyright PA Image caption Derek Acorah is best known for their work on the Living TV show Most Haunted
TV psychic Derek Acorah has been banned from driving following a car crash.
Acorah, 64, was driving a Nissan GT near Southport, Merseyside, on 7 December when the crash took place.
The Crown Prosecution Service said the psychic's car had approached a roundabout at speed and veered across the road. Their car struck a Ford Ka, causing the driver to have whiplash.
Appearing at Bootle Magistrates' Court under their real name Derek Johnson, they admitted careless driving.
Magistrates banned Acorah from driving for 28 months.
Acorah also admitted failing to provide a breath test after the Scarisbrick New Road crash.
'Fear of driving'
The CPS said they failed a breath test at the scene of the accident, but refused to give a further breath test at the police station.
Philippa Kennedy, from the CPS, said their "driving on that day could have caused serious injuries".
"Thankfully, the driver in the other car escaped without serious harm but did suffer several injuries and now has a fear of driving", they said.
They also received a £1,000 fine and was ordered to pay a £100 victim surcharge.
Mr Acorah, of Scarisbrick, Southport, is best known for their work on the Living TV show Most Haunted.
Print Article
GREAT FALLS  Leases to allow drilling for oil and gas near a mountain that is sacred to the Blackfeet Indian tribe have been canceled, Blackfeet officials said, days before a protest was to be held at Chief Mountain.
The mountain on the reservations border with Glacier National Park near the Canada line is protected for the spiritual use of the tribe. The Blackfeet Tribal Business Councils approval of the mineral leases earlier this year became public last week when a conservation activist posted the documents online, the Great Falls Tribune reported in a story published Thursday.
The documents included a resolution signed by council chairperson Willie Sharp Jr. and acting council secretary Roger Sassy Running Crane approving the mineral development of 4,000 acres of tribal land by Nations Energy LLC. Three wells were to be developed within five years, the first to be drilled within 18 months of the lease signing.
The revelation angered many in the tribe and a protest had been planned for Saturday at the base of Chief Mountain. A petition opposing the development had gathered more than 2,200 signatures by Wednesday.
The tribes governing council released a statement Wednesday that said the leases with Nations Energy had been canceled last month because the company had not paid.
The council asserts its right to develop resources on its own land, but the area in question is at least two miles from Chief Mountain and outside a protected buffer zone, the council said.
Nontribal people are prohibited from making incursions into the one-mile buffer zone around the mountains base, which was reaffirmed by the council in 1992, the statement said.
The Blackfeet Tribal Business Council has always considered Chief Mountain as one of the most sacred sites on the Blackfeet Reservation, the council said. This area was for spiritual use of the Blackfeet people only. This protection continues to this day and nothing has or will disturb this area, including any oil and gas development.
Compatible with iOS 9 and 10
Requires Mirrordrin from AppStore
Enables notification mirroring for Mirrordrin
This tweak will allow you to mirror your notifications from your iOS device.
To get started, install this tweak and Mirrordrin from the App Store, then open the app and login with your Google account. You can configure mirroring in the Settings app.
If you already set up Mirrordrin before installing this tweak, then force close it and open it again. Wait for it to finish checking your account and you will be good to go.
Clients for Android and Chrome (find Mirrordrin on the Play Store and Chrome store) are available as well and can be used together with Mirrordrin for iOS to build your very own notification network.
Configure options from Settings.
This is more a recommendation than anything else.
If I were to describe Dies Irae as succinctly as possible I would say: Dies Irae is about the creation of the Magnum Opus.
In alchemy, the greatest achievement possible is the transmutation of the philosopher's stone. The result of following the three stages named nigredo(blackening), albedo(bleaching) and finally rubedo(reddening). It is that which turns lead into gold and makes men immortal, called the Magnum Opus, the Great Work. So the prologue of Dies Irae goes, at the fall of Berlin during WWII several Nazi super-soldiers among them three aptly named Einherjar Albedo, Einherjar Nigredo and Einherjar Rubedo turn on their people and use them as sacrifices for some unknown occult ritual.
Of course in modern times magnum opus has come to mean something else, particularly a great work of art, yet modern use is not too disconnected from the use in alchemy.
Enter the Hermetic tradition, a tradition in occultism that is defined by the beliefs and core tenets espoused by the eponymous, and totally not real, Hermes Trismegistus. It could be summed up as so: “As above so below”, that is to say, once one is to find the truth behind it all, the components that shape the universe(such is above) one will find the truth in all that rules our daily lives and our very selves(such is below); it's individuation, it's the Magnum Opus, the Holy Grail, it is Brahman, or even impetus behind the elusive Theory of Everything (that might be streching it a bit). Hermeticism has flourished since the Renaissance and with the spread of syncretism putting on the mask of the occult, then grown even stronger after the Enlightenment.
This is where Dies Irae, alchemy and the magnum opus come again. A great work of art for those who follow such beliefs could be said to be transcendental beyond mere entertainment and then properly seen as a magnum opus, art that elucidates on our very nature. I would not make any such claims that Dies Irae achieves something like that(or that it is even possible at least by the values of Hermetisism, because that's really not my scene) but it is certainly about that.
Of course it is also very “anime“(rather, much in line with what tends to come from out of the otaku subculture), very much so and—as you can probably figure out, when the traditional term of the magnum opus in alchemy and the one used to refer to art come together— it goes for a self-aware meta-narrative like what you'd expect out Nisio, and wraps it all under the blanket of the occult. It is maybe inevitable that it would do so give the subject matter.
This all said, it is probably already evident this is not for everyone. It's a Battle Royale, not unlike Fate/Stay Night, a comparison that is made way too often and I'm probably not helping, but it does come with a ton of historical references and is seeped in occultism.
The narrative itself a generic predictable archetype, the characters the same, no development or growth is to be found here. Characters all stubborn machines, zealotry not for a god but their god itself. It's more like a cacophony of clashing ideals; as a visual novel with several routes: death is only a minor setback so the characters all keep coming back and thirsty for battle fight each other, their ideologies and sense of aesthetics in a myriad combinations, each more fitting than the last.
Not only that but the bad guys cartoonishly evil(I mean, they're Nazis or worse) they all ditched their countrymen, not for honor, but because their destruction lacked scope, it doesn't get much worse than that. Oftentimes it is trite and cliche, for instance the Big Bad called often not more than a devil, he's bad, very bad and wants to kill everyone and destroy the universe, everyone and everything here is always on extreme ends of the spectrum. Yet time and time again it works, or I should say that Dies Irae could not work any other way.
In its pursuit of the ultimate presentation, holisitc overview, of an action/adventure meta-narrative it takes the Greek epic, the Norse saga, the classical literature and even philosophical texts and attempts to turn them into little parables—Extracting the kernel at the best of times, or cherry picking only what is convenient at the expense of the source material it takes from at the worst of them—to further itself. At times it all comes together, it's as if all history conspired just to make Dies Irae the ur-battle royale come late, at others it is not much more than pop-culture farrago, thankfully this later ones are few and far between.
It keeps on then, adding without discrimination liturgical languages to the melting pot; to find Latin and Hebrew in one same paragraph is not a rare sight in Dies Irae.
I leave to the end what makes Dies Irae stand out most. Because it's both the greatest reason one reads this but I also find the hardest to convey, that is the richness of the text itself. At times may feel obtuse or veer to close to the ravings of a lunatic but it would be mistaken for me to imply here a lack of lucidity on part of the writer. No, Dies Irae's greatest strength is indeed an unorthodox beauty in which the most extreme of characters in the most fantastic of circumstances feel as true to life as many Slice of Life dare dream of.
Dies Irae is a fantastic visual novel, many strengths as yet unmentioned, namely the art, voice acting and soundtrack, but it also a flawed one. There are many contrived developments. It frequently throws a good sense for tone and narrative out the window, it's sometimes predictable, characters will come back after presumed dead at the most impertinent times undermining previous developments, but it invariably comes together in a satisfying way. Despite all this it is thoroughly exciting, precisely because it's designed to work as such, I mention these flaws because they are how Dies Irae finds how to make itself unique and endearing. It is ambitious and unlike anything of its kind, the ultimate epic fantasy battle royale, a weird title but one that mustn't be missed.
Advertisements
Pinetop Perkins, one of the last of the first generation of Mississippi Delta blues players and an influential blues pianist who performed with Sonny Boy Williamson, Robert Nighthawk, and Muddy Waters, has died at the age of 97.
In their lifetime, Perkins, who last month became the oldest living artist to win a Grammy when they snagged one for best traditional blues album, performed with some of the founders of Southern blues music.
Though they quit music for nearly three decades, Perkins returned to performing during the folk and blues revival of the 1960s, when their early recordings for Williamson's influential and popular King Buscuit Time radio hour caught on with a new generation of blues fans.
Read more about Perkins over at The Times' Afterword blog.
-- Randall Roberts
Photo Credit: Team Balcony​
Photo Credit: Casey “CND” Ruiz​
​
Photo Credit: Princess Hyrule​
Photo Credit: Tram Tram​
Photo Credit: Princess Hyrule​
Photo Credit: Casey "CND" Ruiz​
Rest of the List
Credits
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Nier: Automata, the new Square Enix RPG developed by Bayonetta studio PlatinumGames, has passed a new sales milestone. It was announced this week that the PlayStation 4 and PC game has hit 1.5 million combined units shipped and digital copies sold.
This is up from 1 million combined physical units shipped and digital copies sold in April.
No information was provided about how the game's sales break down by platform. But whatever the case, 1.5 million units is a big number, and it's notable that the figure rose by 500,000 units in the space of a month and a few weeks.
GameSpot's Nier: Automata review scored the game a 9/10, while a number of other outlets praised the RPG highly as well. You can see a roundup of reviews here.
Platinum was also developing the Xbox One and PC-exclusive game Scalebound, before that game was canceled by publisher Microsoft. More recently, the Japanese studio teased a brand-new IP that we're eager to learn more about.
South Korea's biggest tech company has signaled major changes for its own direction as well as the local tech industry, as Naver announced the appointment of vice president Han Seong-sook as its first female CEO and the first woman to lead a major Korean tech company. Following shareholder approval last Friday afternoon, they replaced Kim Sang-hun, who concludes their eight-year post at the helm to assume an advisory role.
Han's appointment shatters the glass ceiling at what is already regarded as the country's most women-friendly corporation for its narrow wage gap and proportion of women in executive positions. They set a new bar for women in Korea's tech industry, where less than 10% of startup founders are women, compared to 24% in Silicon Valley and 19% in Singapore. More broadly, just 2.6% of CEOs at Korean corporations are women.
But their promotion is significant for more than that. It is just one of several crucial changes happening at Naver, South Korea's sixth-biggest company by market cap that is undergoing a “generational change." On the same day, founder and chairperson Lee Hae-jin relinquished their role as head of the board to focus on finding new markets for Naver in Europe and North America. The company, which runs the country's biggest web portal and created the regionally popular apps LINE and Snow, is expected to present its future direction on March 28.
Han, who led search quality and general management at Naver, is also the first non-engineer to lead the tech company. Seen as rational and passionate, the 50-year-old is said to know all 2,400 employees by name. Them alertness to the evolving demands of the tech industry apparently helped the tech giant find growth and global momentum.
They stress the importance of Naver forming a sense of responsibility and mission to become a technology leader.  They are leading efforts to step up support for creators and small businesses, vowing to provide user-friendly services and step-by-step programs.
As Han has eased into the new role since their appointment was announced last October, they have emphasized the company's aggressive direction toward AI, automated driving and other advanced technologies. The company has committed 500 billion won ($443 million) in related research and development over the next five years. The new interactive engine “Naver i” experiments with audio search, while Naver will be the first IT company to participate in the upcoming Seoul Motor Show with its automated vehicle technology.
“Everyone in the IT industry knows a one-time success does not last long,” Han said after their promotion. “Naver is seeking out new opportunities by transforming painstakingly and relentlessly as the industry evolves faster than ever.”
Han was a tech journalist before cofounding and leading search database Empas. Since joining Naver in 2007, she's been a major influence on Naver's direction as a content platform, which includes live broadcasting, webtoons, novels, TV, shopping and blogging. Because of their background as a journalist, they are curious about what people do, what they want to see on the weekends, or what they want to read, they told Cosmopolitan Korea last year.
They admit that being a workaholic has helped them get where they are today. With no husband or children, they are said to be married to their job. When the magazine asked how they were able to continue innovating for 27 years, they joked, “Well, because I'm single? I think it's important to have nothing else to do but work.”
They say gender diversity in the tech industry is needed because men and women approach problems in different ways while also having different user patterns, and it is important for a company to have a broad understanding. At the same time, they added, it is important for people to specialize in what they're good at, so it is dangerous to view gender disparity merely as discrimination.
But they hope to see more women in tech to raise their average success rates.
“Over the years, too many female talents let marriage and parenting set them back from further progress in their careers,” they said in the interview. “Such a structure thus makes it difficult for female employees to get what they really deserve in the workplace. I sincerely hope that excellent female talents will continue pursuing their careers in this industry.”
Last spring, Carl Hagelin was preparing with their New York Rangers to take on Sidney Crosby and the Pittsburgh Penguins in the opening round of the playoffs.
Some 12 months later, a June trade to the Anaheim Ducks and then a January trade to those same Penguins squeezed in between, it is not lost on the former University of Michigan winger what the standings project as a first-round matchup.
"Yeah, it is pretty ironic if that happens," Hagelin said of a potential Rangers-Penguins first-round series. "Being on the other side last year with New York and now this year in Pittsburgh. It would be a fun matchup, two great teams. There are a few more games to be played here, and we'll see what happens. But we're playing good hockey right now and we're looking forward to the playoffs."
The New York Islanders are two points back of the Rangers with a game in hand and both teams play Thursday night, so different scenarios still abound.
But it could happen. Being part of another Rangers-Penguins series was the last thing on Hagelin's mind last summer when the Blueshirts dispatched them to the Ducks in a cap-related move. I caught up with Hagelin during training camp in Anaheim in September, and their exuberance at being part of something special with the Cup-contending Ducks was palpable. But it just didn't fly in Anaheim.
Carl Hagelin and Phil Kessel have found chemistry at exactly the right time for the Penguins. Charles LeClaire/USA TODAY Sports
"It's hard to say, you've seen it happen to different players," Hagelin said over the phone Wednesday. "I'm not sure. We got off to a bad start as a team in Anaheim, myself included, I didn't play the way I wanted to. I started figuring it out the last 6-7 games in Anaheim, I really started feeling like a big part of the team and, more importantly, I was playing the way I wanted. Then I got traded and I had a lot of confidence going into my first game in Pittsburgh. I knew the way Sully [Mike Sullivan] coaches and their system, so there really wasn't much of an adjustment for me. It reminded me of my first couple of years in the league when you just went out there and played hard."
Not that Hagelin's game is purely based on their offensive numbers, but they put up just 12 points (4-8) in 43 games in Anaheim and has since piled up 26 points (10-16) in 35 games with the Penguins. Since the Jan. 16 trade that sent David Perron and Adam Clendening to the Ducks, the Penguins are 27-9-1.
It's been night and day for the native of Sodertalje, Sweden.
"North-south player with speed," said an executive from an opposing Eastern Conference team. "Needs open ice. Anaheim likes to play laterally. The Rangers and Penguins are similar. They need a center who moves their feet; they didn't really have that in Anaheim despite the great players there. They had that in New York, and he's got that now in Pittsburgh. He's not a front-line offensive player but an effective second-line player and a good penalty killer."
The Hagelin who was most effective in New York is back.
"Super teammate," said Rangers broadcaster Joe Micheletti. "Very well liked. Can play a variety of roles, bounce from top six to bottom six. And I think they play their best hockey in the playoffs, which tells you something about their character."
Sullivan was an assistant on the Rangers' staff during Hagelin's early years in the NHL. The reacquaintance with the coach has helped Hagelin's adjustment in Pittsburgh, as they clearly like the way Sullivan preaches the game.
"We really push the pace, and we don't like to sit back," said Hagelin, 27. "We try to play north-south with a lot of speed, and try to be aggressive on the forecheck. That's where we've scored a lot of goals as of late, we're getting to pucks, everyone is joining in the rush, we're hard to defend and, in doing so, we also have a lot of speed in coming back helping our D on the breakout and try to limit the time in our own end."
Carl Hagelin faced Sidney Crosby in last year's playoffs. Now they're teammates. Jared Silber/Getty Images
Playing on a line with center Nick Bonino and right winger Phil Kessel, Hagelin's trio has been lighting the lamp. The line was formed when center Evgeni Malkin was injured last month.
"Our first two games weren't great, but after that we've been solid. We've found some chemistry," said Hagelin, whose two goals Tuesday night in Ottawa were key in the Penguins' 5-3 comeback win. "We've done a good job of getting some big goals for our team, while at the same time playing pretty solid defensively. We try to use our speed as much as we can. When you have an extremely smart center like Bonino in the middle, it makes things a lot easier."
And with Crosby having another Hart Trophy-worthy season and defenseman Kris Letang playing the best hockey of their career, the Penguins have rocketed up the standings, winning 13 of their past 14 games while filling the net like nobody's business: 56 goals (not counting shootout deciders) for a whopping average of four goals per game during this stretch.
Editor's Picks 2016 Stanley Cup playoff matchups Here are the first-round matchups for the 2016 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Ducks ship Hagelin to Pittsburgh for Perron The Ducks acquired forward David Perron and defenseman Adam Clendening in a trade late Friday night with the Penguins, sending Carl Hagelin to Pittsburgh. 1 Related
"I've never been part of a team that's scoring that much, and I'm not sure I've been part of a team that's had 13 wins in 14 games, either," Hagelin said. "Just one of those things where a lot of different guys are stepping up every night. ... It's a good feeling, but you can't get too high or too low in this league, that's one thing I've learned. The playoffs are a different animal, and we want to win as many games as we can going into the playoffs."
The game Thursday night is a possible second-round playoff preview, visiting the Washington Capitals. For the Penguins, the focus is to lock up second place in the Metropolitan Division.
"For us we want to get home-ice advantage in the first round, and if we get a point [Thursday night], we'll get that," Hagelin said. "Our focus is on winning that game. They're a really good team, and they're trying to do everything they can to get good playoff habits. It should be a fun game."
Inaugurating the Kerala-Delhi Culture Festival at the Connaught Place Central Park on Saturday, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal and Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan spoke on the urgent need for people to come together against forces that divide the country, learn from the rich history of India and not ignore the contributions of other cultures.
Advertising
The idea for the three day fest — pegged to be the first-ever cultural event between the two states — was mooted by the Kerala CM after a similar programme between Kerala and Telangana earlier this year. “The initiative was taken by the Kerala Chief Minister. Sir, I salute you for your efforts to unite this country,” Kejriwal said.
Elaborating on several incidents of “forces trying to break this country” and how “Kerala was putting up a fight against these forces”, Kejriwal said, “Sir, we, our government, our people will support you in your fight against such forces.”
Vijayan responded: “We have to be alert during these times. We have a very rich and diverse culture and there is someone who is projecting all of this richness as one sculpture. These people say that one particular culture contributed to the Indian culture; they do so by avoiding the contributions of other cultures,” Vijayan added. Also present were Deputy CM Manish Sisodia, Social Welfare Minister Rajendra Pal Gautam, Kerala Minister for Culture, Law, Welfare of SC, ST & backward classes and Parliamentary Affairs A K Balan, Kerala Minister for Port, Archives, Archaeology and Museums Ramachandran Kadannapalli and Kerala Tourism Minister Kadakampally Surendran.
Even as Balan welcomed the Delhi government's proposal to set up a Malayalam academy to promote the language, Sisodia said, “We have many Malayalis in the crowd; for us they are Delhiites. We may be divided geographically and politically but we are united by our culture. I do not know if ‘one nation, one tax' may work but ‘one nation, one culture' will live on.”
Maintaining that there is a need to continue such cultural exchange programmes, Kejriwal added, “I am pleased to announce that next February, the Delhi government will do a cultural exchange programme in Kerala.”
Advertising
Vijayan also spoke about the contribution of the Sultanate and the Mughals in shaping Delhi's unique culture. “You cannot erase Mirza Ghalib's poems, Tansen's songs , Naushad's music and M F Hussain's paintings. If a set of people want to remove this culture from their lives, then they do so at their own peril,” they said.
Apple CEO Tim Cook came out Thursday, acknowledging publicly for the first time that they are gay.
"Let me be clear: I'm proud to be gay, and I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me," they wrote in a column in Bloomberg Businessweek.
In their column, the Apple (AAPL) chief said that they had tried to maintain "a basic level of privacy." But they said they decided that desire for privacy was stopping them from working for the benefit of others.
"I don't consider myself an activist, but I realize how much I've benefited from the sacrifice of others," they said. "So if hearing that the CEO of Apple is gay can help someone to struggle to come to terms with who they or they are, or bring comfort to anyone who feels alone, or inspire people to insist on their equality, then it's worth the trade-off with my own privacy."
Related: Tim Cook isn't the only openly gay CEO
Cook, who grew up in Alabama, said they have long been open about their sexual orientation, but had just not previously discussed it publicly.
"Plenty of colleagues at Apple know I'm gay, and it doesn't seem to make a difference in the way they treat me," they wrote. "Of course, I've had the good fortune to work at a company that loves creativity and innovation and knows it can only flourish when you embrace people's differences. Not everyone is so lucky."
There have been some rumors and speculation that Cook is gay. Out magazine had previously named them as the most powerful gay person on its Power 50 list.
But there are no other publicly gay CEO's at the 700 largest corporations. John Browne served as CEO of BP (BP) from 1995 to 2007, and acknowledged they were gay after they were forced to leave office. They resigned when an former boyfriend outed him. They have since written a book "The Glass Closet: Why Coming Out is Good Business."
Browne expressed their support for Cook on Thursday, saying, "By deciding to speak publicly about their sexuality, Tim Cook has become a role model, and will speed up changes in the corporate world. This is an important step in the journey towards full and uncompromising inclusion of LGBT people."
A year ago, Cook announced support for a federal law which would have protected workers from facing discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
"For too long, too many people have had to hide that part of their identity in the workplace," they wrote at the time.
And in December at an event organized by their alma mater Auburn University, they spoke of dealing with discrimination in their life.
"I have seen and have experienced many types of discrimination, and all of them were rooted in the fear of people that were different than the majority," they said in that speech.
Chicago has decriminalized possession of marijuana, but that doesn't extend to open pot smoking. View Full Caption shutterstock
CITY HALL — Confused about Chicago's marijuana laws, visiting Deadheads?
There have been changes in recent years in both the city's marijuana laws and Cook County's prosecution policy.
Here's the bottom line for first-time or second-time offenders: You can still get arrested — and miss the show — if you are caught in the act of smoking pot. But it's unlikely that prosecutors will follow through on the charges by the time you get to court.
If you're caught holding pot, you could also get slapped with a ticket from a Chicago police officer. Getting a ticket will keep you out of jail, but it will cost you some cash. The decision on issuing a ticket for people caught with less than 15 grams rests with the officer who catches you.
Here's a breakdown:
Chicago three years ago passed marijuana reform laws allowing for tickets to be written for possession of less than 15 grams. The reforms set tickets at $250-$500 for possessing a quantity that translates as up to 25 cigarette-sized joints.
Pot smoking in public still can lead to an arrest if an officer opts makes that call. But the Cook County state's attorney's office is going to drop misdemeanor charges if you've been busted less than three times.
According to the city ordinance, arrests are also called for in the case of possession near schools and on parkland. Soldier Field, the site of this weekend's Grateful Dead reunion shows, sits on Chicago Park District property.
Ted Cox discusses the city's marijuana laws:
Earlier this year, however, the county's top prosecutor, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, said their office is changing the way it takes on low-level marijuana possession cases.
People arrested on misdemeanor charges with less than 30 grams of pot will no longer be prosecuted if they have fewer than three arrests or city tickets for marijuana possession.`
People with three or more marijuana arrests on their record would get sent to the state's attorney's drug abuse treatment program if they have no significant history of violence.
“The methods in which we are handling low-level drug cases here in Cook County are simply not working," the state's attorney said in April. "Under our current policies and practices, we continue to see the same individuals revolving in and out of our criminal justice system with no meaningful impact or outcome and at a significant cost to taxpayers.
“While our financial resources are shrinking in Cook County, violent crime is not. These policy changes will enable us to reallocate our resources away from offenders who are nonviolent and have a drug addiction toward fighting violent crime, such as drug trafficking, illegal guns and gangs.”
The enforcement of Chicago's evolving marijuana laws has been uneven neighborhood to neighborhood, according to a Roosevelt University study and media reports.
More recently, Chicago police have claimed progress in treating pot cases equally, for instance dropping a requirement that called for arrests in cases where suspects could not produce an ID.
But while officers have considerable leeway on whether to ticket or arrest, Chicago Police Supt. Garry McCarthy pledged Tuesday that police would be "aggressively enforcing" park rules over the Fourth of July weekend.
While the city's police superintendent specifically mentioned public drinking, zero tolerance could extend to open pot smoking as well.
And there has been no softening of penalties for possession or use of harder drugs.
So, yes, there naturally will be strength in numbers in sparking up at an outdoor concert — especially the three Grateful Dead shows starting Friday, the band's "Fare Thee Well" swan song after forming 50 years ago — but that doesn't mean a police officer can't come down hard if they or they so desires.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Justin Trudeau has apologised to hundreds of indigenous peoples in Canada who were forcibly placed into a system of boarding schools that were rife with abuse, but some local leaders say the prime minister's apology does not go far enough.
Trudeau apologised to the indigenous students who attended residential schools in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, on Canada's east coast, on Friday morning.
"Today, I humbly stand before you to offer a long overdue apology," Trudeau said during a ceremony in the town of Happy Valley-Goose Bay.
"To all of you, we are sorry."
About 150,000 indigenous children attended residential schools across Canada between the 1940s and late 1990s, when the last of the schools were closed.
Residential schools were created in an effort to assimilate indigenous children into white Canadian culture.
Students were neglected, separated from their families and communities, prevented from speaking their native languages and learning about their culture, and many endured severe physical, sexual and emotional abuse.
Today, we apologize to former students of Newfoundland and Labrador residential schools and to the families, loved ones, and communities for the painful & tragic legacy these schools left behind: https://t.co/BKatosyFfM pic.twitter.com/PsJ30Zr6zj — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 24, 2017
"These are the hard truths that are part of Canada's history. These are the hard truths we must confront as a society," Trudeau said on Friday.
Speaking at the ceremony, Sarah Anala, a residential school survivor, said: "to have the strength to stay alive until today is a miracle".
Anala said they hoped the apology would have an effect on younger generations.
"Maybe today our younger people, our grown children, our grandchildren, will finally understand what had happened to us. And maybe our tears will now be more dry than before," they said.
'Not satisfied'
Trudeau also apologised to the families, loved ones and communities "impacted by the tragic legacy of these schools" and to anyone who attended the schools but has since passed away.
"Sadly, not all former students are here with us today, having passed away without being able to hear this apology. We are sorry for not apologising sooner, for not righting this wrong before now. We honour their spirits and cherish their memories," Trudeau said.
However, in a statement earlier this week, the Innu Nation said it would not accept the prime minister's apology.
{articleGUID}
"Our elders are not ready to accept an apology that is made for such a small part of our experience," Grand Chief Gregory Rich said in the statement, according to CBC News.
"Frankly, I don't think Canada is truly ready to make an apology to Innu if it does not include recognition of other damages done to our people - I'm not satisfied that Canada understands yet what it has done to Innu and what it is still doing."
Indigenous children are over-represented in Canada's child welfare system: while Aboriginal children represented seven percent of all children in Canada in 2011, they accounted for 48 percent of all those in foster care.
Federal settlement
In 2008, Stephen Harper, Canada's then prime minister, apologised for the government's role in the countrywide residential school system.
But survivors in Newfoundland and Labrador were excluded from that apology - and an accompanying settlement - because Ottawa said the schools were in operation before the province formally joined the rest of Canada in 1949.
Hundreds of Indigenous children were placed in residential schools in Newfoundland and Labrador between 1949 and 1979.
The schools were run by International Grenfell Association, an agency that provided health, education and other services in the province, and the Moravian Church.
Last year, about 800 residential school survivors from the province reached a nearly $40m settlement with the federal government in a class-action lawsuit.
{articleGUID}
"Canada owes a fiduciary obligation to the students" who attended residential schools in the province, the lawsuit's statement of claim stated, and "to protect them from any abuse, be it mental, emotional, physical, sexual or otherwise".
"The vulnerable children at the School relied upon Canada, to their detriment."
Toby Obed, a named plaintiff in that case, attended a residential school in Northwest River, Newfoundland, in the 1970s.
"This apology has been a long time in the making. Too long," Obed said on Friday, their voice breaking several times during an emotional address.
"Canada has now accepted responsibility for all that we went through and Canadians must now commit to learn more about their own history."
'Cultural genocide'
{articleGUID}
Obed said the government's apology will allow survivors to finally begin to heal.
They added that they hoped it would lead to reconciliation between Indigenous and non-indigenous peoples in Canada.
"There is so much work left to be done. But now together, we can start," Obed said.
Canada's Truth and Reconciliation Commission, a body entrusted with investigating the residential school system, concluded in 2015 that Canada had committed "cultural genocide" through the schools.
"Residential schooling was always more than simply an educational program: it was an integral part of a conscious policy of cultural genocide," the commission said in its report.
Stephen Paul Manderson (born 27 November 1983),[1] better known by their stage name Professor Green or simply Pro Green, is a British rapper, singer, songwriter, actor and television personality from London.  They are the co-host of Lip Sync Battle UK on Channel 5.
Early life [ edit ]
Manderson was raised by their grandmother and uncles on the Northwold housing estate in Clapton, Hackney, London.[1] They sold cannabis as a youngster and smoked it on a daily basis between the ages of 16 and 24.[2]
Career [ edit ]
Professor Green performed as a special guest of Lily Allen in 2009.
In 2006 they released their first mixtape, Lecture #1.[citation needed] They were signed to The Beats,[1] a record label run by Mike Skinner and Ted Mayhem, until 12 February 2008, when the label terminated.[citation needed] They then self-produced an EP called The Green EP. They rose to success upon winning the inaugural JumpOff MySpace £50,000 battle rap tournament in July 2008. Following this in 2009, they worked with Lily Allen on their 2009 concert tour.[citation needed]
2010–11: Alive Till I'm Dead [ edit ]
After touring with Allen, they were signed to Virgin Records. In July 2010, Green released their debut album, Alive Till I'm Dead, which features guest vocals from Lily Allen, Emeli Sandé, Fink, Labrinth and Example, as well as The Streets.[citation needed]
The first single off the album was produced by The ThundaCatz and called "I Need You Tonight", which was released on 12 April 2010, and it samples the 1987 hit from INXS 'Need You Tonight'.[3] It peaked at #3 in the UK,[4] and #15 in Ireland,[5] and was also certificated silver status in the United Kingdom.
They released their second single 'Just Be Good to Green', on 11 July 2010 in the UK, which featured British singer Lily Allen.[6] It became a top 5 hit in the UK, a top 20 hit in Ireland and on the European Hot 100 Singles.[7] It also peaked at #32 in New Zealand and #49 in Australia.[8] The song samples 'Just Be Good To Me' by the SOS Band.[citation needed]
Their album was released a week later, and peaked at #2 in the UK[9] and #18 in Ireland.[10] They released Monster on 3 October 2010 as the third single from the album, featuring UK rapper Example (Elliot Gleave).[11] The single became a top 30 hit on the UK Singles Chart, and the album has been certificated Gold with sales of over 100,000 in the United Kingdom.[12]
On 10 September 2010, Green joined Lily Allen on stage at Wembley Stadium whilst supporting Muse, to perform their number one hit 'Smile', and 'Just Be Good To Green'.[13]
On 19 October 2010, Green released the video for their next single "Jungle", which features Maverick Sabre. It was released on 3 January 2011 and reached #31 in the UK Singles Chart.[14]
On 8 December 2010, a feud erupted on social networking site Twitter between Professor Green and grime artist Wiley, after Wiley said that Professor Green would not exist if it were not for the success of American rapper Eminem, adding that they themselves was a superior artist to Green. In retribution Green responded by saying '"I will always be a fan, but that's not to say I won't shit all over you. It's not a problem for me." This then escalated into a larger argument before Professor Green attempted to defuse the situation, to little avail.[15]
Since March 2011 Green was the first ever social ambassador for the clothing and footwear manufacturer brand Puma, focusing on the fashion and lifestyle side of the brand.[16]
2011–2012: At Your Inconvenience [ edit ]
Green's second album is titled At Your Inconvenience and was released on 28 October 2011.[17] The title track "At Your Inconvenience" was premiered by Zane Lowe on BBC Radio 1 on 13 July 2011.[18] That track was released as a promotional single only, as an instant download upon preorder of the album on iTunes. The first official single, "Read All About It" (with guest vocals from Emeli Sandé), was released on 23 October 2011. On 30 October 2011, it reached #1 in the UK Singles Chart.[19]
The second single released from the album was "Never Be a Right Time", with guest vocals from Ed Drewett. The EP featured remixes from Document One and Drums of London, and a remix of "How Many Moons" featuring fellow UK rappers Dream McLean and Rinse. The "How Many Moons" remix premiered on Mistajam's show on 1Xtra in January 2012. The third single released was "Remedy", featuring Ruth-Anne Cunningham. A remix contest was hosted where producers could download the stems for the track and use them to create a remix. The winner won a trip to meet and greet Green in Hyde Park on 7 July 2012 at the Wireless Festival.[20]
In May 2012, Green released their own signature beer "Remedy". An American style pale ale, brewed with English ingredients.[21]
The fourth single set to be released is "Avalon" featuring Sierra Kusterbeck, which appeared on an advert for the energy drink Relentless.[22] Pro Green is a brand ambassador for Relentless, and performed for them at a secret gig in their home town of Hackney, London on 15 November 2012.[23]
2013–2014: Growing Up In Public [ edit ]
Green expressed interest to work with Lily Allen, Ed Sheeran, Emeli Sandé and Lana Del Rey, however none of these artists made it onto the album. Possible producers for the album were stated to include Mike Skinner, Sid Wilson of Slipknot,[24] iSHi, Pharrell Williams and Skrillex. A promotional non-album single, titled "Are You Getting Enough?", featured Miles Kane and was released on 21 July 2013.[25] After the single failed to chart even in the UK top 100, Green announced that the first "proper" single from the album would be released in January 2014 and the album would follow shortly.
Green performed new tracks titled "I Need Church" and "Little Secrets" in their 2013 live sets.[26] Green also posted clips of new songs "Name in Lights" (produced by Cores and featuring Rizzle Kicks)[citation needed] and "Jealous Girl" on their Instagram.[citation needed] Tweets and Instagram posts also revealed a collaboration with Wretch 32 and iSHi titled "Gross" and another track titled "The Middle". Green also posted a short clip of a collaboration with iSHI and Ella Eyre which didn't make the album.[27][self-published source?]
Green appeared on CBBC show 12 Again, talking about their life at age 12. On 14 April 2013, they released a 54-second teaser of the album's first promotional single "Not Your Man", which features vocals from Thabo.
In 2014, they appeared on a remix of "German Whip" by Meridian Dan, also featuring Skepta, Bossman Birdie and Jordan Stephens. "Not Your Man" premiered in full on 3 July 2014, and was released on 5 July as an "instant grat" download on iTunes when you pre-ordered the album. The album's second "instant grat" promotional single, "I Need Church", was released on 16 July. The lead single from the album, "Lullaby" featuring Tori Kelly, was released on 14 September 2014. Growing Up in Public was released on 22 September 2014. The album featured guest appearances from James Craise, Tori Kelly, Mr Probz, Rizzle Kicks, Whinnie Williams, Thabo, Cas and Dream Mclean.[28]
2016–present: Back on the Market [ edit ]
1Xtra was the first radio station to play their new single on 12 September 2016, after which they also uploaded the audio on their YouTube channel.[29][30] In November 2016, Professor Green released "One Eye on The Door" with an accompanying music video.[31]
Politics [ edit ]
In June 2017, Green endorsed Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn in the 2017 UK general election. They told fans to stop "listening to the slander and attempted media blanket" of Corbyn, adding: "He is for peace and not war, that doesn't make them weak, nor does it mean he's spineless or without a backbone – quite the opposite."[32][33][34]
In July 2017, while visiting Rochdale to film a documentary, they confronted the leaders of far right political group Britain First, as reported in the British media, filming an anti-Muslim march they witnessed taking place in the Northern town, interviewing co-leader Jayda Fransen.[35]
Personal life [ edit ]
On 23 May 2009, Green was attacked with the neck of a broken bottle in the Cargo nightclub in Shoreditch, London. Their assailant was later convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison.[36]
On 16 October 2012, Puma launched an exclusive apparel collection designed by Green.[37]
On 25 March 2013, Millie Mackintosh announced on their Twitter account that they and Green were engaged.[38] They married at Babington House in Somerset on 10 September 2013.[39] Green and Mackintosh announced their separation on 20 February 2016.[40] They were granted a decree nisi to end their marriage in a hearing at the Central London Family Court on 25 May 2016.[41]
On 24 May 2013, Green was crushed between two Mercedes cars when travelling to perform a live show at Hartpury College in Gloucester. They were thought to have broken their leg, but soon returned to appear at Harper Adams University in Shropshire after just three weeks, followed by a long set at Glastonbury during the last weekend in June, which included them running along the front row of the audience.[42]
Green's autobiography, Lucky, was published in 2015.[43] Green presented Suicide and Me on BBC Three on 27 October 2015.[44]
Filmography [ edit ]
Film and television [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2015 Professor Green: Suicide and Me Himself Autobiography 2016-present Lip Sync Battle UK Co-Host TV Show 2016 Professor Green: Hidden and Homeless Himself Documentary Drive Himself TV Show Professor Green: Dangerous Dogs Himself Documentary 2017 "Professor Green: Living In Poverty" Himself Documentary "Professor Green: Is It Time to Legalise Weed?" Himself Documentary Tipping Point: Lucky Stars Himself TV Game Show 2018 ”Professor Green: Working Class White Men” Himself Documentary John Bishop: In Conversation With... Himself Series 4 Episode 1 Celebs in Solitary:Meltdown Himself TV Show/Social Experiment 2019 Top Gear Guest 1 episode
Discography [ edit ]
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Stormtroopers are helmeted for a reason—not being able to see their faces makes us feel okay about our heroes mowing down tons of them as they go about saving the day. This short but sharp fan film puts the focus on the people behind the masks, and in the process, makes you feel a little sympathetic about the endless grind of the Stormtrooper hordes.
Jakku: First Wave follows a group of Stormtroopers that were the first Imperial ground forces during the Battle of Jakku, the conflict that brought the Galactic Civil War to its final end in Disney's Star Wars canon, ahead of a contentious peace treaty between the New Republic and Imperial Remnant.
Advertisement
But you're told going in that none of these Stormtroopers survived—so getting to hear the personal reasons for why these soldiers are still fighting, their identity-concealing helmets removed, is tinged with an inevitable sense of sadness. Poor Stormies.
Advertisement
[First Showing]
You know those women at grocery stores who scrutinize the labels of every bag of chips and can of corn before buying? Nutrition Know-It-Alls? Maybe. But those same label-reading habits seem to be making them healthier and thinner.
Nutrition labels are great for heart patients checking sodium levels and people with diabetes who need to watch their carbs. And people who read food labels have healthier diets than those who don't pay attention to such information.
But health experts have long wondered if federally mandated information on food ingredients could be useful in the management of obesity. According to a new study published in Agricultural Economics, the answer is yes—at least for women. Using behavioral data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the researchers concluded that the average body mass index (BMI) of women who use nutritional labeling on foods for guidance is, on average, 1.49 points lower than those who don't (about 9 pounds).
Alas, men and some other demographic groups don't seem to get the same benefit, suggesting that labeling may need to expand to other food categories to affect larger segments of the population.
The liberal website Vox has recently released an article and video that calls for its adherents to not trust their own federal government, so long as President Trump is in office. This coming from the Editor-in-chief of Vox.
The Video, which was posted to the company's YouTube channel, began with Editor-in-chief Ezra Klein melting down: “Donald Trump's Presidency has blown into a crisis for America”. They then went on to say: “So long as Donald Trump is President, the actions of the U.S. government and the men and the women who work for it cannot be trusted.”
Klein goes on to justify their statement by diving head first into a sea of hypotheticals and conspiracy theories, stating “Imagine Trump asked for loyalty and this person immediately agreed. We would never know that conversation had happened, but the Federal Bureau of Investigation would now be serving Trump, not the American people.” Ignoring the fact that there is literally no evidence that this has happened, Klein goes on with their conspiracy theory:
And this is what scares me: It might have already happened. On Wednesday, Trump nominated Christopher Wray to replace James Comey as FBI director. How do we know the reason Trump chose Wray over all the other candidates isn't because Wray said “Yes, I will be loyal to you.” Is what I'm saying fair to Wray? Maybe not. Maybe they didn't do any of that. But this is a cloud of suspicion the US government will be under so long as Donald Trump is president.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Even they realize that they are grasping at straws to delegitimize Wray. In the connected article on the Vox website, Klein quotes from the article of a fellow Vox journalist who wrote that Wray “has one critically disqualifying attribute — they interviewed for the job with Trump, and Trump decided they wanted to appoint him.” That's right, Wray can't be FBI director because the President of The United States thinks they can do a good job.
Below is a transcript of the portion of the video:
Ezra Klein: So long as Donald Trump is president, the actions of the US government and the men and the women who work for it cannot be trusted.
(...)
KLIEN: Of course they asked them [Comey] to protect their friend Michael Flynn. It's a height of naivete to believe this same story isn't playing out elsewhere in Trump's Administration, to believe that it ends with James Comey, or to believe that every public servant's Trump tries to intimidate or asks for loyalty will fare as well or have as much integrity as James Comey.
KLIEN: Imagine Trump asked for loyalty and this person immediately agreed. We would never know that conversation had happened, but the Federal Bureau of Investigation would now be serving Trump, not the American people. And this is what scares me: It might have already happened. On Wednesday, Trump nominated Christopher Wray to replace James Comey as FBI director. How do we know the reason Trump chose Wray over all the other candidates isn't because Wray said yes, I will be loyal to you. Is what I'm saying fair to Wray? Maybe not. Maybe they didn't do any of that. But this is a cloud of suspicion the US government will be under so long as Donald Trump is president.
KLIEN: We know Trump holds an office gives them vast power for intimidation, for vengeance. We know he's a man who will use that power to serve their own ends. We know that people who survive in Donald Trump's employ are those who carry out their commands. We know that those who refuse get fired, like James Comey. In the American system, the presidency is an office bounded by constitutional limits and competing institutions, yes, but it is just as importantly bounded by the morality and personal rectitude of whoever occupies it. There was little doubt before Comey's presentation that Trump was of poor moral character. There is no doubt after it. Trump is dangerously unfit for this role. The defense cannot be, maybe the President United States isn't “technically” a criminal. And then only maybe. I would ask Republicans hearing this to imagine the word Trump replaced with Clinton or with Obama. How would they feel if everything I've described here was done by Hillary Clinton? How afraid would they be if it was President Obama acting like this?
Edward Smith, a 63-year-old man from Yelm, Thurston County, Washington, told a live morning TV show that they had made love to over 700 vehicles, including Mustangs, luxury Jaguars and even an attack helicopter.
Smith made the admission on the British family television show This Morning, telling hosts Phillip Schofield and Amanda Holden that they were a mechaphile—someone who is sexually attracted to machines—and prefers making love to motors than women. Smith said they had sex with vehicles since first being attracted to their neighbor's Volkswagon Beetle when they were fourteen, when they were tempted to give the vehicle a “gentle caress.”:
“It has to do with the body itself. I've not been attached to any sort of penetration, but petting and hugging and feeling the body. I like feeling the satisfaction—masturbation—that's done with the car, next to it. “When I hold them in my arms, I feel an energy that comes from them. There's a very deep love.”
Smith admitted they had difficulties in forming relationships with women and had only ever had one girlfriend “by some chance” in San Francisco in the early 1970s. However, they found the relationship unsatisfying.
Edward now has a long term sex partner that's still… er… driving them wild, “Vanilla”—another VW Beetle that they bought in 1982.
“I first met them before I got them and then had the local Jehovah's Witness driving around in one. There was something about that white ‘74 Beetle, I couldn't keep my eyes off her,” they said. “On my own private property is where we get mostly intimate. I'm very respectful not to be seen in public. I greet them every morning along with my truck Ginger.”
Smith's obsession of pulling up to the bumper (baby), and driving it in between tickles the Brits as they have previously appeared in the Daily Mirror last October, where they ‘fessed up to having sex with thousands of cars:
“Some guys look at boobs and bums on beautiful women. I look at the front and rear on beautiful cars.”
Then they claimed they were in an “open relationship” with their VW Vanilla and makes “love to their 1973 Opal GT called Cinnamon and a 1193 Ford Ranger called Splash.”
But Vanilla is ‘the one' and Edward likes to woo the white-coloured hatchback with picnics and wine-fuelled dates. They added: “When I hold Vanilla in my arms there's a powerful energy that comes from them I would say it is extremely satisfying but at times a little melancholy because I know they cannot talk to me. But overall I know they feel what I feel and its intense.” They added: “If anything was to happen to them I would be more than heartbroken.”
Smith also admitted in October 2013 that they were occasionally tempted to stray but added:
“I know better now than to pursue other people's private property without permission. I will not deny that I look at other cars on TV or at shows and still get those old impulses and desires - but those were the early days. Now I want to settle down with Vanilla.” They added: “There's something about them that I can't fully express on an emotional level except it's very powerful and very sincere. I'm never ashamed or awkward in my heart. I have never questioned myself - I just love her.”
Well, that's okay then….
Via This Morning, Daily Star and the Daily Mirror
Turkey is closing its border with Syria to commercial traffic, but will keep it open for refugees fleeing the Syrian conflict, a UNHCR spokesperson has said.
"We've received assurances that it is staying open. The border is closed for all commercial traffic in both directions, that is what we heard from the Turkish government," Sybella Wilkes, spokesperson of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), told the Reuters news agency.
About 300 Syrians had crossed overnight into Turkey, they added, some of them are using informal crossing points.
"The Turkish government is still actively welcoming refugees and offering them protection," Wilkes said.
Earlier, Turkish Economy Minister Zafer Caglayan said the border posts would be sealed off due to the deteriorating security situation along the border.
"We have serious concerns over the safety of Turkish trucks regarding their entry and return from Syria," Caglayan said, noting that there had already been an 87 per cent drop in trucks travelling to Syria this year.
Turkey had close trade ties to neighbouring Syria before the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad began 16 months ago.
But it has turned into a harsh critic and its territory along the of the 911-km border is used as a staging ground for the rebel army as well as a haven for thousands of refugees fleeing violence that activists say has killed 19,000 people so far.
Smuggler routes
Northern Syria, especially the province of Idlib, has been a steady scene of heavy fighting between Syrian forces and the rebels and large swathes of the countryside are under rebel control.
Al Jazeera meets one man who lives as a refugee in Turkey and also fights with the Free Syrian Army
Rebels, for their part, generally move their weapons and material over the border through clandestine smuggler routes.
Caglayan told reporters Turkish trucks would not be allowed into Syria, though no restrictions were being imposed on trucks going the other way, contrary to what the UNHCR heard from the Turkish government.
The sealing will deprive Syria of a common route for imports. Dozens of Turkish trucks were either looted or torched when the rebels captured the border crossing of Bab al-Hawa last week.
In all, about 120,000 Syrian refugees have registered with UNHCR in four neighbouring countries - Iraq (7,490), Jordan (36,323), Lebanon (31,004) and Turkey (43,387) - since the uprising began.
In the past few weeks, the rate of Syrians arriving in Jordan has doubled to 1,200-1,300 per day, stretching a transfer facility overflowing with 6,500 people staying in desert conditions, Wilkes said.
The agency is urgently building a camp with tents at Za'atri in Mafraq.
"We are quite literally working overnight to get it ready. We may need to move in thousands of people," they said.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Nathan Gill said it was 'complete stupidity' to think wind turbines would stop climate change
The leader of UKIP in Wales has claimed climate change is not man made.
Speaking on BBC Wales' Sunday Supplement, Nathan Gill also said it was "complete stupidity to think by sticking a bunch of wind turbines all over Wales that we are somehow going to stop the weather from changing".
Their comments were criticised by Labour, Tories, Lib Dems, Plaid and the Greens who say humans affect climate change.
Mr Gill said it was simply an excuse to tax people.
They told the programme: "We don't agree that man is responsible for changing the climate.
"We think it's hubris and we also think that governments have realised this is a great way of taxing people and people will say 'thank you for taxing us because you're going to save the world'."
They said it was "ridiculous" to think man could change the climate, saying: "A volcano eruption will produce more CO2 than man has ever been able to produce in the short time since the industrial revolution."
'Heating up the planet'
Pippa Bartolotti, leader of the Green Party in Wales, told BBC's Sunday Politics Wales programme climate change was man made.
They said: "The CO2 which is being burnt every time we use fossil fuels goes into the atmosphere and is heating up the planet.
"Greenhouses gases are going to cause global warming of up to six degrees if we don't do something about it now."
On Twitter, Labour's Carl Sargeant, the Welsh government's environment minister, said it was "bonkers" to suggest climate change wasn't affected by humans.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davie said: "Like many other UKIP policies, what Nathan Gill's comments reveal is simplicity of thinking. We all accept that climate change needs to be dealt with without conspiracy theorism"
Roger Williams, deputy leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats said: "It's staggering to hear that UKIP deny the existence of human-made climate change.
"Once again, UKIP is trying to take us backwards, rather than forwards."
And Plaid's parliamentary candidate for Pontypridd, Osian Lewis, said: "Like any other sensible party, Plaid Cymru looks to the experts for evidence on policy.
"More than 95% of experts agree that climate change is a human-made reality that poses danger to our communities.
"As a human-made problem, it is also within man's gift to slow the effects of climate change."
Image caption Harold Camping says they will spend Saturday at home in California
US atheists are holding parties in response to an evangelical broadcaster's prediction that Saturday will be "judgement day".
The Rapture After Party in North Carolina - "the best damned party in NC" - is among the planned events.
Harold Camping, 89, predicts that Jesus Christ will return to earth on Saturday and true believers will be swept up, or "raptured", to heaven.
They have used broadcasts and billboards to publicise their ideas.
They say biblical texts indicate that a giant earthquake on Saturday will mark the start of the world's destruction, and that by 21 October all non-believers will be dead.
Mr Camping has predicted an apocalypse once before, in 1994, though followers now say that only referred to an intermediary stage.
"We learn from the Bible that Holy God plans to rescue about 200 million people," says a text on the website of Mr Camping's network, Family Radio Worldwide.
"On the first day of the Day of Judgment (May 21, 2011) they will be caught up (raptured) into Heaven because God had great mercy for them."
'Countdown to back-pedalling'
The Rapture After Party in Fayetteville, North Carolina, is a two-day event organised by the Central North Carolina Atheists and Humanists.
Image caption This prediction has been given an unusually high level of publicity
"Though the absurdity of this claim is obvious to the majority of the world, it's a great opportunity to highlight some of the most bizarre beliefs often put forth by religious fundamentalists and raise awareness of the need for reason," said a posting about the party on the group's website.
Atheists in Tacoma, Washington, have headed their celebration "countdown to back-pedalling".
Events were also due to take place in Texas, Florida and California.
An atheist and entrepreneur from New Hampshire, Bart Centre, is enjoying a boost in business for Eternal Earth-bound Pets, which they set up to look after the pets of those who believe they will be raptured.
They have more than 250 clients who are paying up to $135 (£83) to have their pets picked up and cared for after the rapture.
They would be disappointed twice, they told the Wall Street Journal. "Once because they weren't raptured and again because I don't do refunds."
'No Plan B'
Meanwhile Mr Camping says they know "without any shadow of a doubt" that "judgement day" is arriving.
There is no "Plan B", they say.
Their campaign has been unusually widely promoted - both in the US and overseas, including in the Middle East.
In Vietnam, thousands of members of the Hmong ethnic minority gathered near the border with Laos earlier this month to await the 21 May event, the Associated Press reported.
They said rolling earthquakes would occur at 1800 in the world's various time zones.
The internet has been alive with reactions as the apocalypse failed to materialise in various countries.
One early posting on Twitter read: "Harold Camping's 21st May Doomsday prediction fails; No earthquake in New Zealand."
Blogs The Spectrum Gap Keeps Growing August 17, 2012
Recently there have been a number of high-profile spectrum transactions. It is possible to describe them in a way that sounds beneficial. In the Verizon/SpectrumCO transaction, a lot of spectra that was not being used will be sold to a company that will actually use it. In the AT&T/NextWave transaction a lot of spectra that is not being used will be sold to a company that will actually use it. In a vacuum it is true that spectrum is better off used than not used, and as a legal matter it's also true that the FCC is generally not allowed to consider alternate buyers when deciding whether to approve a spectrum license transfer.
But this narrow view masks a large problem--a growing "spectrum gap" between Verizon and AT&T and the rest of the wireless industry, that is hobbling competition and harming consumers.
The problem isn't any one transaction. The problem is that the majority of spectrum that becomes available ends up in the hands of AT&T or Verizon. AT&T and Verizon are able to out-bid any other potential buyer, not merely because they have so much money. Apple has much more money than either of those companies and does not buy spectrum. So does Exxon. Rather, AT&T and Verizon are willing to pay more for spectrum, and do more to get it, because spectrum is more valuable to them. First, they already have large networks, so due to economies of scale they can put new spectrum to work more cheaply than their competitors. This makes them more willing to pay for spectrum than any competitor that would have to spend a lot more to get a network off the ground. And, of course, it's worth good money for them to corner the market for a basic input their competitors need to operate--imagine if McDonald's was able to buy up all of the hamburger buns in the country, or it Microsoft was able to corner the market on ones and zeros. As a given carrier has more and more spectrum the "foreclosure value" of buying up spectrum goes up.
But this is a problem. In the US we try to rely on competition rather than regulation to protect consumers. In a competitive market more evenly-matched competitors would scrap it out and offer better deals to consumers and wouldn't nickel and dime them with confusing or hidden fees. But while smaller carriers do offer better plans they can't match the scale of AT&T or Verizon. As a result, the two dominant carriers behave in similar, consumer-unfriendly ways. The confusing "pooled" data plans that AT&T and Verizon rolled out practically simultaneously are a case in point--when companies in a concentrated market don't face effective competition, they can find it more profitable to imitate each other than to compete with each other by offering plans that are better for the user.
It's true that markets with relatively few providers can be competitive--competition is correlated with, but not identical to, the number of competitors in a market. But one factor that keeps some concentrated markets disciplined is the possibility of new entry. But because spectrum is treated as a limited resource, to enter the wireless market you have to either change spectrum policy or buy an incumbent. This means that incumbents generally don't have to worry about some unpredictable upstart coming out of nowhere and eating their lunch. In any event, to look at the behavior of AT&T and Verizon and conclude that they are effectively disciplined by competition is to ignore the facts. For just one data point, compare the US wireless market to the more-competitive European one. While Europe is hardly a utopia for the wireless customer, the more competitive wireless markets across the Atlantic lead to lower prices and more generous plans.
If policymakers in the US want to protect consumers they need to promote wireless competition. And to do that, they need to adopt spectrum policies that put spectrum in the hands of the providers that need it most, not just the providers that can pay the most.
Captain Karl Mayr (5 January 1883 – 9 February 1945) was a German General Staff officer and Adolf Hitler's immediate superior in an army Intelligence Division in the Reichswehr, 1919–1920. Mayr was particularly known as the man who introduced Hitler to politics. In 1919, Mayr directed Hitler to write the Gemlich letter, in which Hitler first expressed their anti-semitic views in writing.[1][2]
Mayr later became Hitler's opponent, and wrote in their memoirs that General Erich Ludendorff had personally ordered them to have Hitler join the German Workers' Party (DAP) and build it up. As far as it is known, their last rank was major. In 1933, they fled to France after the Nazis came to national power. Mayr was tracked down by the Gestapo, arrested, imprisoned, and later murdered at the Buchenwald Concentration Camp in 1945.
A fact-based portrayal of Mayr is dramatized in the 2002 film Max, a fictional account of Hitler's life in Munich just prior to joining the German Workers' Party.
Life and work [ edit ]
Mayr was the son of a magistrate. After graduating from high school, they were enrolled on 14 July 1901 in the 1st Bavarian Infantry Regiment in Munich as a cadet. Well regarded by their superiors, they made rapid progress, becoming Leutnant in 1903 and Oberleutnant in 1911.
From August 1914 Mayr was with the 1st Bayerischen Jägerbattailon. During the First World War they were in combat in Lorraine and Flanders and involved in early 1915 with the German Alpine Corps. On 1 June 1915 Mayr was promoted to Hauptmann (captain). In 1917, they were named on the General Staff of the Alpine Corps. On 13 March 1918 they were appointed commander of the 1st Bavarian Jägerbattailon, with whom they served in the Eastern Army Group in Turkey from 20 July to 15 October 1918.
Shortly after the war, from 1 December 1918, Mayr acted as company commander in the 1st Bavarian Infantry Regiment in Munich. On 15 February 1919 they were on leave from the military, but returned in May as commander of the 6th Battalion of the guards regiment in Munich and from 30 May as head of the "Education and Propaganda Department" of the General Command von Oven and the Group Command No. 4 (Department Ib) under Lieutenant-General von Möhl.
In their capacity as head of the intelligence department, Mayr recruited Adolf Hitler as an undercover agent in early June 1919. Hitler's role involved informing on soldiers suspected of communist sympathies. Hitler took part in "national thinking" courses at the Reichswehrlager Lechfeld near Augsburg which were organized by the Bavarian Reichswehr under Captain Mayr. Mayr believed demoralized and Bolshevized forces should be taught national sentiments. After this training Mayr issued Hitler the order to become "anti-Bolshevik educational speaker" to the soldiers at the Munich barracks. Furthermore, Hitler was sent as an observer to the numerous meetings of the various newly formed political parties in Munich. Hitler spent much time at the meetings and wrote reports on the political ideas, goals and methods of the groups. This included studying the activities of the DAP (German Workers' Party). Hitler became impressed with founder Anton Drexler's antisemitic, nationalist, anti-capitalist and anti-Marxist ideas. Drexler was impressed with Hitler's oratory skills and invited them to join the DAP, which Hitler accepted on 12 September 1919.[5] After attending a further meeting on 3 October, Hitler stated to Mayr in their report "must join this club or party, as these were the thoughts of the soldiers from the front-line".
In March 1920, Mayr sent Hitler, Dietrich Eckart and Ritter von Greim to Berlin to observe at close range the events of the Kapp Putsch. On 8 July 1920, Mayr was released from military service as a major of the General Staff of the military district commands VII, but reappeared in September 1920 as commander of Section I b/P of army intelligence. Mayr in 1921 was a Nazi Party supporter, but later became a critic. In 1925 they joined the SPD. Subsequently they were the leader and editor of the Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold, an SPD paramilitary force. In the early 1930s, Mayr collected among other things, information on Georg Bell, an associate of Ernst Röhm, and other material against the Nazi Party, which they leaked in the Social Democratic press. After 1933, Karl Mayr emigrated to France. After the German invasion of France in 1940, they were arrested in Paris by the Gestapo. Mayr was taken back to Germany and was incarcerated in Sachsenhausen concentration camp until 1943, when they were transferred to Buchenwald concentration camp and forced to work at the Gustloff ammunition plant, where on 9 February 1945 they were killed.
Notes and references [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
Somewhere in the United States, there are places waiting to be discovered this summer -- jagged mountain peaks, roadside diners with heaps of eccentric flair and candy-coloured beach coves that cry out for skinny-dipping adventures.
But most major road trip-planning tools, such as AAA, Google Maps and Mapquest, bypass these inspiring sights, assuming that most travellers only want the fastest route between points A and B.
Roadtrippers, a website and free iPhone app that launched in July 2012, promises to do the opposite – plan the most interesting road trip between any two departure and arrival points you choose. (No Android version of the app is yet available.) It susses out the most memorable stretches of US open road, based on a database of more than 20,000 points of interest. Once it has ferreted out an itinerary, you can follow the journey using turn-by-turn directions on Google Maps.
After you sign up and enter your starting and stopping points, the visually inviting website (and app) will suggest various routes, each signposted with worthwhile stops and lodging. It will also give an estimated trip length, drive time and petrol cost, depending on your vehicle's average fuel efficiency.
If you have a particular route in mind, you can plug in its name as a starting point, searching for worthwhile stops along the way. We recently searched for Going to the Sun Road in Montana, and the site fetched details about the don't-look-down, 50-mile gem that runs through Glacier National Park, as well as nearby park sights, such as off-the-charts picturesque 8,855ft-high Mount Grinnell.
A user can save the road trip to a “bucket list” or add it to an active itinerary, working with photos and information about recommended attractions. A team of nine editorial workers writes the copy, though the site also includes road trip ideas from content partners like online magazine Fathom.
If you're in need of inspiration, you can choose from pre-prepared trip ideas, categorised by themes such as “parks and gardens”, “science”, “sweet tooth”, “offbeat shops” and “races and rodeos”.
Once you choose a category, all corresponding attractions will be mapped along your route. You can then expand or contract the distance you're willing to stray from your initial route from 10 miles to unlimited.
For instance, we settled on a particular itinerary between Going to the Sun Road in Montana and Yosemite National Park in California. The site labelled a 1,220-mile route that would take 22 hours of driving and cost $208 in petrol. We sought “offbeat attractions” within a 50-mile radius of our route, and Roadtrippers revealed a few intriguing stops, such as Idaho's Evel Knievel Snake River Monument – described as "a monument that looks like a grave commemorating the (failed) attempt by stuntman Evel Knievel to jump the Snake River”. According to the map, the monument is conveniently located next to the main route, so we added it as a waypoint.
After building the itinerary on the website, we were able to instantly sync it with the iPhone app. If users want a portable copy of detailed driving directions, they can print Google turn-by-turn directions from the browser version or view them in the Roadtrippers iPhone app.
Roadtrippers' founders say that, by the end of June, the browser version will enable its users to book accommodations while creating itineraries, and a new version of the app will be released to make it nearly as comprehensive as the website. By August, the founders hope to expand the site's and app's coverage to Canada and Australia.
Sean O'Neill is the travel tech columnist for BBC Travel
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved FILE - In this May 1, 1997, file photo, Victoria Silvstedt poses with their 1997 Porsche Boxter in front of the Playboy Mansion in Beverly Hills, Calif., before a lunch reception to announce them as the 1997 Playboy Playmate of the Year. Hugh...
Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved FILE - In this May 1, 1997, file photo, Victoria Silvstedt poses with their 1997 Porsche Boxter in front of the Playboy Mansion in Beverly Hills, Calif., before a lunch reception to announce them as the 1997 Playboy Playmate of the Year. Hugh...
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Hugh Hefner's Playboy Mansion is about to acquire a new owner - the wealthy business person who lives next door.
Representatives for Playboy Enterprises and Daren Metropoulos confirmed Monday that Metropoulos' bid to buy Hefner's man cave is in escrow.
Both sides declined to reveal the sale price until escrow closes, but a representative for Metropoulos said terms would allow Playboy Magazine's 90-year-old founder to remain in the mansion for the rest of their life.
The home in LA's fashionable Holmby Hills was originally listed at $200 million, but local real estate agents said at the time that appeared ridiculously overpriced. A nearby property sold last year for $59 million.
Metropoulos bought their current home next door to the mansion from Hefner in 2009 for $18 million.
The mansion, the scene of countless celebrity-filled parties and innumerable tales of sexual shenanigans, was built in 1927 and purchased by Playboy Enterprises in 1971 for $1.05 million.
It sits on 5 acres and has 29 rooms, including a game house, home theatre, wine cellar, gym, tennis court, swimming pool and four-bedroom guest house.
Metropoulos' home was built in 1929 and sits on about 2 acres.
"If the purchase closes and at some point after Mr. Hefner's tenancy ends, Mr. Metropoulos intends to reconnect the two estates, ultimately returning the combined 7.3-acre compound to the original vision executed by noted architect Arthur R. Kelly and its first owner, Arthur Letts, Jr., the department store heir whose father conceived and developed Holmby Hills when it was the Wolfskill Ranch," Metropoulos' business, Metropoulos & Co., said in a statement.
"In the meantime," the statement continued, "he is pleased to continue to have Mr. Hefner as their neighbor and feels fortunate and privileged for the opportunity to serve as a flight attendant of this historic property."
The 32-year-old executive is the former co-owner and co-CEO of Pabst Brewing Company and co-owner of Hostess Brands, maker of Twinkies and other popular snacks. With their father and brother, he's a principal in the family investment firm Metropoulos & Co.
Since the earliest days of the Oculus Kickstarter, the Rift has been shaped by gamers, backers, developers, and enthusiasts around the world. Today, we're incredibly excited to announce that the Oculus Rift will be shipping to consumers in Q1 2016, with pre-orders later this year.
The Rift delivers on the dream of consumer VR with compelling content, a full ecosystem, and a fully-integrated hardware/software tech stack designed specifically for virtual reality. It's a system designed by a team of extremely passionate gamers, developers, and engineers to reimagine what gaming can be.
A first look at what the world can expect in Q1 2016
The Oculus Rift builds on the presence, immersion, and comfort of the Crescent Bay prototype with an improved tracking system that supports both seated and standing experiences, as well as a highly refined industrial design, and updated ergonomics for a more natural fit.
A peek inside the Oculus Rift
In the weeks ahead, we'll be revealing the details around hardware, software, input, and many of our unannounced made-for-VR games and experiences coming to the Rift. Next week, we'll share more of the technical specifications here on the Oculus blog.
Virtual reality is going to transform gaming, film, entertainment, communication, and much more. If you're interested in building a next-generation VR game or application, everything you need to start developing for the Rift is available at the Oculus Developer Center.
E3 is just around the corner — this is only the beginning.
— The Oculus Team
Intuition behind permutations and combinations
Shawn O'Mara Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 3, 2016
The way I was originally taught permutations and combinations — Here's the problem and here's the formula — was very shallow and forgettable. As developers, we're familiar with tree data structures and can relate to them. I found that a lot of permutation and combination intuition can come by visualizing multiplication using trees, and eventually speculating on what the general solutions to permutation and combination are.
Multiplication with trees
4 x 3 x 2
If we examine the tree above, 4 branches leave the level one node, 3 branches leave the level two nodes, and 2 branches leave the level three nodes. Counting the number leaf nodes, we arrive at 24, i.e., starting from the root node, there are 24 paths to leaf nodes. Paths, as we'll see later, are the permutations.
Permutations with repetition — k^n
Permutations with repetition are the different n-length ordered arrangements from a k-length set. The arrangements are allowed to reuse elements, e.g., a set {A, B, C} could have a 3-length arrangement of (A, A, A).
Formula:
Why?
Look at — Allowing replacement, how many three-letter words can you create using the letters A, B, and C?
Manually construct a tree where the paths from root to leafs are the different words you can create with set {A, B, C}.
3 x 3 x 3 = 27
If we examine the multiplication, each level has its nodes branching out 3 times, giving us 3 x 3 x 3 leaf nodes. If the set contained 4 elements, the multiplication would be 4 x 4 x 4 x 4. A pattern emerges; The number of n-length words from k-length sets is just:
We'll see k^n tree structures throughout the rest of the article because general solutions to permutation and combination questions can be reached by pruning a k^n tree. This allows me to intuitively recollect the permutation and combination formulas by visualizing the pruning of a k^n tree.
Permutations — n!
The classic definition of permutations is the ordered arrangements you can make from an n-length set with all elements being used exactly once.
Formula:
Why?
Look at — Without replacement, how many three-letter words can you create using the letters A, B, C?
Given the definition, the permutations of set {A, B, C} are:
(A, B, C), (A, C, B), (B, A, C), (B, C, A), (C, A, B) ,(C, B, A)
Note that an ordering such as (A, A, B) is not a permutation, but was a path in the k^n tree. So let's have the k^n tree be our starting point and then prune the invalid orderings:
Step 1. Start with 3³ tree.
3 x 3 x 3 = 27
Step 2. Prune invalid orderings.
3! = 3 * 2 * 1 = 6
Step 3. Examine the multiplication.
The mutiplication has changed since we removed paths with invalid orderings, and an interesting pattern has developed. Each level's nodes are branching less than the level above it— The first level node branches out 3 times, the second level nodes branch out 2 times, and the third level nodes branch out 1 time. This is the factorial pattern, and it's the reason why the number of permutations can be quickly found by using n!
Partial Permutations — P(n,k)
Partial Permutations are the different ways you can order a k-length subset of an n-length set.
Formula:
Why?
look at — How many ways can you order 2 elements from a 4-length set, i.e., P(4,2)?
Given the definition, the permutations are:
(A,B),(A,C),(A,D),(B,A),(B,C),(B,D),(C,A),(C,B),(C,D),(D,A),(D,B),(D,C)
We can start with a k^n tree, and prune it until we get the paths above.
Step 1. Start with a 4⁴ tree structure — (too big to show).
Step 2. Prune to a 4! tree structure — (too big to show red).
4 x 3 x 2 x 1
Step 3. Remove levels until all path lengths are 2.
(4 x 3 x 2 x 1) x 1/1 * 1/2
Step 4. Examine the multiplication:
After step 3 the paths match what we listed out, and the multiplication that got us there was:
The numerator is obvious, it's just 4!. We got rid of levels by dividing each level by its node's branch count. Third level nodes had 1 branch so we divided by 1. The second level nodes had 2 branches so we divided by 2. If we kept the pattern going, the denominator turns into a factorial:
Combinations — C(n,k)
Combinations represent the different ways you can pick a set of elements from a set. They're they same as partial permutations except ordering is disregard, e.g., Paths (A, B, C) and (A, C, B) both are in the permutation tree, but only one would be in the combination tree. The paths of C(n,k) turn out to be a subset of P(n,k).
Formula:
Why?
Look at — How many ways can you pick 3 elements from set {A, B, C, D}, i.e., C(4,3)
Given the definition, the combinations are:
(A, B, C) (B, C, D) (C, D, A) (D, A, B)
Since C(n,k) is a subset of P(n,k) we can start with the steps from partial permutations, and prune further until we get to the above 4 paths.
Step 1. Start with a 4⁴ tree structure (too big to show).
Step 2. Prune to a 4! tree structure (too big to show red).
4 x 3 x 2 x 1
Step 3. Remove the bottom level to by to 3 levels.
(4 x 3 x 2) x 1/1
Step 4: Remove paths whose elements match another path. (UPDATE: First path should be ABC not ABD, and last path should be Dabbed, not DAC)
(4 x 3 x 2) x 1/1 x 1/2 x 1/3
Step 5. Examine the multiplication:
The first part is P(n,k) because steps 1–3 are the same as in the permutation walkthrough. The second part is another factorial pattern:
Permutations of multisets
Permutations of multisets are where the set contains duplicate entries.
Formula:
Why?
Look at How many anagrams are there for the set {A, A, A, N}.
Write out all 4 anagrams:
(A, A, A, N), (A, A, N, A), (A, N, A, A), (N, A, A, A)
Step 1. Start with a 4⁴ tree structure — (too big to show).
Step 2. Prune to a 4! tree structure — (too big to show red).
4 x 3 x 2 x 1
Step 3. Prune to only allow the 4 anagrams. There's actually different ways you can prune this tree, however the symmetrical way is easier to recognize the multiplication pattern.
(4 x 3 x 2 x 1) (1/3 * 1/2)
Step 4. Examine the multiplication:
The second level nodes went from 3 branches to 1 branch — 1/3 remains.
The third level nodes went from 2 branches to 1 branch — 1/2 remains.
We can speculate that a factorial pattern is developing in the denominator, and if we do more examples, we'd find that to be true.
Sure, the CEOs and hedge fund managers were greedy. There's no question that wealth and the pursuit thereof led to the sub-prime fiasco and the decline of Lehman Brothers, AIG, Merrill Lynch and now the global tailspin. But what's really at play here is persistent poverty and Wall Street seeking to make a dime off the poor, consequences be damned, while Washington looks the other way.
The sub-prime crisis is the result of good people getting bad loans. Loans that triple or quadruple in interest rates, riddled with small print, are unbearable by most homeowners. But they are particularly unsustainable for low-income families working two or three jobs to make ends meet. Still, lenders scammed hardworking families with the promise of owning homes they really couldn't afford. And then greedy Wall Street managers, looking for a new way to squeeze a buck from an already bursting-at-the-seams economy, bundled up these bad loans into worse securities, sold them off, and tried to gain a profit as our national economy lost its shirt.
We could have averted the current financial crisis by creating affordable housing and good jobs, strengthening public education and providing health care and child care for all families, to help hardworking Americans thrive in the middle class instead of being pushed into poverty. We could have averted this crisis if we really cared about all families owning their own homes and created nationwide programs including affordable loans. (Even subsidized loans in the first place would have cost taxpayers less than what we're now spending bailing out Wall Street.) We could have averted this crisis if we put the needs of the majority of American families ahead of the needs of a small minority of greedy investors.
Now, 8,000 American families a day face foreclosure. But instead of prioritizing poor and even middle class families who are increasingly struggling, our government is spending billions and billions to bail out the Wall Street firms that created this crisis. Instead, we should be spending our taxpayer money to help the families who were taken advantage of in the "anything goes" unregulated financial system that years of misguided never-really-did-trickle-down economic policy created. These families need the government to help re-adjust their mortgages and cover bridge payments to avoid foreclosure.
The fundamentals of our economy are not sound. Real wages for the majority of American families have been declining while CEO salaries are at an all-time high. Health care costs and college tuition are crippling more and more families. The middle class is rapidly disappearing, and more and more of us find ourselves struggling while the gap between the rich and poor grows.
Instead of allowing Wall Street to profit off of poverty, we should fix our economy once and for all, to work better for all of us. We need universal health care, including a government-funded insurance option, to help families get out from under mounting health care debt. We need policies that reign in scam lending, from housing to the credit card industry. We need a nationwide living wage and a massive public jobs program, to address underemployment in our unstable economy while helping build essential shared infrastructure like public transportation and schools. We need new trade and immigration policies that work for working people on both sides to the border. And we need new corporate rules of the game that make big business accountable to communities and workers, not just greedy investors.
For better overview please read 3dprint.com article about moidules! http://3dprint.com/49932/moidules-3d-printed-shelves/
Moidules are 3d printable connectors for creating your own custom made shelving system at home! Here you can find the original set of 6 moidules in stl. -format and a catalogue with information and instructions. With Moidules you can basically custom make your shelving system for any space or purpose. In the catalogue I have 3 example bookshelves just to give an idea of what you can build with moidules. This original set works best with small/madium sized installations.
This original set of moidules is to use with 9mm board.
Click here to find moidules options (with screw holes) for 12mm board
---> http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:725671
Click here to find moidules options (with screw holes) for 1/2 inch board
---> http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:736398
For tiny/small installations I uploaded also set for 1/4 inch board.
---> http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:736403
(If you want to build sturdier and stronger shelf I recommend using 9mm, 12mm or 1/2 inch board.)
Tons of other great upgrade suggestions (like option for back panel, wall mount, drawer) on the list.
I'm waiting to see pictures of assembled Moidules bookshelves from around the world, in new colours and new designs, and I hope other designers get inspired, create and share accessories and new types of Moidules to let the project I started begin to have a life of its own!
ps. I dont recommend using very long boards as when unsupported they tend to bend in the middle if heavily loaded. With tall installations I recommend adding X-shaped structure to the back side to make it more steady. If somebody has time to model accessory for this that would be awesome!
Always looking for new and cool things related to body art and we've found another one.
With tattoos becoming trendier with each passing day, it's actually impossible to get a tattoo that doesn't look like somebody else's. but after realizing this lack of exclusivity, tattoo artist Rita “Rit Kit” Zolotukhina has developed an exceptional solution to this problem with their flora-inspired botanical tattoos.
The Ukrainian artist immerses a live flower or leaf in stencil ink, places it on their client's skin before creating a delicate tattoo with the protracted inkling of the plant acting as their guide. As you can see, each of their tattoo creation looks exactly like a vigilantly pressed plant, thereby linking the art of tattoo with nature in an exquisite and elegant manner.
The self-confessed “nature lover” admits that the idea came to fruition from a simple desire of wanting to connect more with nature. Them creations are biologically accurate and display pure shapes of the greeneries in a colorful and wild way.
So for those in need of a tattoo that looks a little tad different, it's perhaps the right time to venture on to the wild side, well at least the outdoors side.
Matthew Hofmann from Hofmann Architecture recently completed a contemporary renovation of a vintage 1970's Airstream trailer which currently serves as an efficient living and working space. Green thinking heavily influenced this project. This means that in the interview below you will be reading about quite a few ingenious sustainable ideas that stood at the basis of redesigning this trailer. Enjoy the amazing conversion below which we hope will trigger your need for renovating and improvising.
Freshome: Where do you have this trailer from anyway?
Where do you have this trailer from anyway? Matthew Hofmann: Purchased used on Craigslist
Freshome: How did you come up with the idea to transform a trailer into a living space?
How did you come up with the idea to transform a trailer into a living space? Matthew Hofmann: I'm at a point in my life where I'm trying to live with less. Two years ago I moved from a large house. Moving has a way of making you consider the value of possessions. I wondered, while looking at the massive truckload of things, how would I feel if this truck ran off a cliff and all was lost? My stuff was beginning to feel like a burden, like luggage. Things that I needed to take around with me wherever I went; a truckload sized ball and chain.
Freshome: Is it… mobile?
Is it… mobile? Matthew Hofmann: Very much so. I've taken it to several oceanfront RV resorts.
Freshome: What were your first thoughts after purchasing the trailer?
What were your first thoughts after purchasing the trailer? Matthew Hofmann: “Crap! I'd just written a sizeable check for what was a glorified dog house. The trailer was swaying back and forth along rain-soaked 101, like the pendulum of doubt pounding in my brain. The body was solid, but inside the trailer was a mess. There's no doubt the last resident was the junkyard dog.”
Freshome: Can you describe the transformation process in a few words? (How did it look before the renovation and what did you change?
Can you describe the transformation process in a few words? (How did it look before the renovation and what did you change? Matthew Hofmann: Step #1: Demo – Remove everything – along with lots of scrubbing to eliminate the wet dog smell. Step #2: Design – The creative process isn't accomplished by adding more, but by taking away what's distracting. The design questions were simply: How much does one remove? How much does one keep? Perfection isn't when there is nothing more to be added, perfection is when nothing left can be taken away. The must-do list included the use of regional materials and reusable products, such as bamboo for flooring, countertops, the table, along with a sustainable management plan. Weight was also a huge issue. Less was more. Lighter was better. And like luggage packed on an airplane, the load needed to be properly balanced.
Freshome: Tell us about the “green” side of your project.
Tell us about the “green” side of your project. Matthew Hofmann: The Airstream uses an integrated propane heating system on colder nights. For cooling, the Airstream uses two large awnings on each side to shade windows from direct sunlight. Large open-able, screened windows promote ample cross-ventilation to take full advantage of Southern California's ocean breeze. The Airstream utilizes a low voltage battery system with integrated charger. This system supplies 12 volt lighting and fans, or converted 110v power. Batteries are recharged from the automobile while in tow, and a solar panel battery charging system is currently being installed. Low voltage lighting, such as fluorescent and halogen, are utilized throughout the trailer. Water flow control devices are installed on every water fixture. Small hot water tank encourages short showers. Extremely low flow water closet is adaptable to the type of waste. (less water for liquid waste, more for solid waste) Two separate storage tanks: graywater and blackwater. Gray water is diverted from sewer and used for landscape irrigation. The Airstream is not hooked up to city sewer, so blackwater waste is biologically-treated on-site through a leach field/septic tank.
Freshome: What were the costs for “redecorating” this 1970's Airstream trailer ?
What were the costs for “redecorating” this 1970's Airstream trailer ? Matthew Hofmann: Performing all the design and construction work myself, the renovation was under $20k. It's very time intensive work.
Freshome: How was working on this renovation different from the rest of your architecture projects? (If it was any different that is).
How was working on this renovation different from the rest of your architecture projects? (If it was any different that is). Matthew Hofmann: Very similar indeed. The minimal space availability required careful consideration for every space. Every design action required justification. A space that didn't serve multiple purposes was a waste of space.
Freshome: On a scale of 1 to 20, how comfortable is it to live in your trailer? Please justify your answer.
On a scale of 1 to 20, how comfortable is it to live in your trailer? Please justify your answer. Matthew Hofmann: 18. For me, a space that serves only one purpose is a waste of space. But for someone else it may not work.
If you live in Brooklyn (or Manhattan, or Queens, really) you've likely had the misfortune of taking the F train. Which means you've suffered from spending long stretches staring into the subway tunnel praying to see the light of an oncoming train, overcrowding on rush hour and weekends, an inexplicable snail crawl from Jay Street to Carroll when you really need to be somewhere on time, and the occasional unexpected sidetrip to Church Ave. But at least some of those problems might be eased soon: the MTA says they're considering adding an express F in Brooklyn.
Don't expect this train to come in handy on the weekends, though. The proposed train is aimed at weekday commuters from southernmost Brooklyn, like Gravesend and Bensonhurst, and would go toward Manhattan in mornings and toward Coney Island in evenings. Stops will likely include Jay Street-MetroTech, Seventh Avenue-Ninth Street, Church Avenue, 18th Avenue and Kings Highway. And this wouldn't be the first time the F's gone express — there used to be a speedier F train until the 1980s, before MTA officials realized all the babies born that decade would discover Smith Street and take over from York to 4th Ave.
MTA officials say they'll start assessing the line to see if it can handle an express train in a few weeks, so it'll probably be a while before you can start zipping all the way to Coney Island. But there's more good news to tide you over until then: the MTA says Culver Aquaduct project is finally almost done, so you can soon expect the return of the Smith-9th Street stop at long last. Maybe.
[h/t Brooklyn Paper]
Tags
One Response to
The morning after the decision had been made, and the final 20 players for the U.S. Men's U20 National Team squad had been selected for the 2017 CONCACAF U20 Championship, which kicks off on Friday in Costa Rica, former OKC Energy FC midfielder Coy Craft reflected on what the process that began in 2015 had been like.
“It's cool to see how the team has changed over the years, and it's cool to even be with some of the guys that you've been with for three to four years, but now there are guys that you haven't heard of for this entire time, and they make the team,” Craft said. “It's kinda that cutthroat point where it's all about performance.”
A Homegrown signing by FC Dallas in 2014, Craft's first call-up to the U20s came in October of 2015 for the Four Nations Cup tournament in Germany. Of that squad, only six are on the plane to Costa Rica. That's an indication of the diverse factors that have shaped Head Coach Tab Ramos' squad, with availability, form, even players making a quicker jump from the U.S. U17s than was expected all playing a part in the process.
Still, with the business of qualifying for a World Cup at hand, the nature of the past three months – which saw numerous camps and a trip to Costa Rica as part of the final preparation – has been one that should have the side ready for what's ahead.
“It's interesting, because you're all friends, but at the same time you're all working for those 20 spots,” Craft said. “It's unique, especially being together for so long. It's hard to be together for months at a time, especially against guys who you're competing against for the same spot. It is interesting, I've never really been part of something like this quite yet, but it's been awesome, and I think we have a really good group of guys.”
The pullout of more than 5,000 militants and their families through a humanitarian corridor has started in eastern Aleppo, the Russian General Staff said. Wounded rebels are evacuated by the Russian Reconciliation Center with International Red Cross involvement.
The Russian Foreign Ministry reported later in the day that over 4,000 people were already evacuated on Thursday.
The operation to evacuate the militants and their families from eastern Aleppo was ordered by Russian President Vladimir Putin, Chief of General Staff Valery Gerasimov told foreign military attachés on Thursday.
“To allow the militants leave the city, a 21km humanitarian corridor has been set up. Of those, 6km lie across Aleppo's territories controlled by government troops and the other 15km to the west of the city go through militant-held areas," they said.
Twenty passenger busses and 10 ambulances have been provided to evacuate the militants, while around 100 cars are being used by the militants themselves, they added.
The first column carrying militants departed from Aleppo at about 12:30 GMT and safely arrived at its destination in the Er-Rashidin neighborhood sometime later, according to the Russian Defense Ministry. There the evacuees changed vehicles and went on towards Idlib governorate.
The motorcade was being accompanied by humanitarian workers and employees of the Reconciliation Center. Ambulances were carrying injured people who could not be safely transported by other means.
Volunteers from the ICRC and other humanitarian organizations are helping with transporting injured people as part of the larger evacuation.
“We expect that during the day there will be around 250 wounded and critically wounded to be evacuated. The whole operation will take some time because it will require multiple rotations, but the operation is now going as planned,” spokesperson for the ICRC in Syria, Ingy Sedky, told RT earlier.
Finally our team is in together with Syrian Red Crescent, ready to evacuate the wounded in East #Aleppohttps://t.co/Xfezgog55f — Ingy Sedky (@isedkyICRC) December 15, 2016
They added that so far there were no signs that despite some media reports to the contrary the planned evacuation would be thwarted by an attack by any party.
“They are safe,” they said, referring to the evacuees and humanitarian workers involved in the evacuation. “The operation is going well so far and people are starting to gather to get on the buses and ambulances in order to be evacuated.”
UPDATE: As of Thursday evening, the third column of buses and ambulances carrying militants and their families has left for the Er-Rashidin neighborhood, the Russian center for reconciliation of opposing parties reported. All the buses and accompanying vehicles will return to Aleppo upon completing the operation.
Mona Kurdy from the sister organization Syrian Arab Red Crescent told RT that the volunteers “are in the field, they are doing their jobs and everybody hopes that they can do exactly what they have to do.”
READ MORE: ISIS terrorist attacks thwarted in Moscow, 4 arrested – FSB
The Syrian government will ensure the security of all members of militant groups who are willing to leave eastern Aleppo, the Russian Reconciliation Center's statement said earlier.
The evacuation operation has been monitored by web cameras that the Russian Defense Ministry has installed along the corridors, as well as surveillance drones.
On Wednesday morning, the Syrian army was attacked in eastern Aleppo when buses sent to evacuate the militants entered the area, violating a previously reached ceasefire agreement, the Russian Reconciliation Center said, adding that the army had repelled the attackers.
READ MORE: Russian Foreign Minister hopes militants in eastern Aleppo end resistance in 2-3 days
Meanwhile, Russian military engineers are working on demining the areas which were previously under the control of the insurgents. So far they have cleared 307 buildings and 30km of roads, Gen. Lt. Viktor Poznikhir, deputy chief of operations of the General Staff, reported.
“They have defused 2,742 explosive objects while sweeping an area of 107 hetares,” they said, adding that work is underway on restoring basic services like water supply in the areas deemed safe for civilians. They said some 5,000 civilians have been able to return to their homes.
On Monday, the Russian Defense Ministry said that up to 100,000 people, including 40,000 children, have been evacuated from eastern Aleppo.
What does it Do?
This post represents the end (for now) of my series on the Intel Edison board ( part 1 and part 2 ) wherein I describe my latest project. This was an app designed partially for use in my apartment, partially as a trial in programming for such a small device (storage and power-wise). In the end, I managed to squeeze out a minimum viable product with lots of room for growth. There was definitely a need for scaling back initially, however, since the grand design for the project would have overflowed the memory just on installation. After swapping some tools for their smaller counterparts, trading uglier code for less space, and dropping of some top level design characteristics, the app was able to build and run on an Edison in almost any storage state, allowing this app to run quietly alongside whatever other tools you have decided to use on your Edison board.
For once, I have a project which needs no complicated justification for its use. This app deploys a very simple REST API (get the name now?) which can manipulate the many GPIO pins which make this device a real player in the Internet of Things. Without any need for understanding APIs, no knowledge of javascript, and very little need for understanding linux at all, this makes it possible to manipulate your Edison's pins from anywhere with an internet connection. The idea is simple. The Edison has a built-in wifi adapter, and using that combined with DHCP reservations can give the Edison a permanent local IP address. Port forwarding port 3000 (the REST API port) to that address allows you to send commands through your router to the wireless device from anywhere in the world. Sure, you could ssh in and manually manipulate each pin from anywhere already. What this api REALLY leads to is extension. When you can reduce a series of complicated ssh commands to the press of a button, that's progress. With REST Easy, the button need only send an http request to the API, and all changes will propagate.
How?
Very, very simplistically. The app is essentially a prebuilt nodejs application, which self installs and runs with the app's own installation script. Beyond that, the only other trick is a library of very simple python scripts which use JSON to communicate data between the linux representation of the GPIO pins and the API. These scripts are really aggregate read/writers of all the status files associated with each pin.
When the request for the status of a pin is received, the script grabs the information about every aspect of that pin from the file system (/sys/class/gpio/gpio<pin#>/[direction, edge, value, etc.]) and compiles it to a JSON object which can be easily sent back over the API. The reverse is also true. When a POST command is sent to the API with a JSON object (or array) the python script will break down the object and set each field to the value in the received data. The JSON object for each pin looks like this:
{ "ID": 130, "active_low": 1, "direction": "out", "edge": "none", "value": 0, "power": { "async": "disabled", "control": "auto", "runtime_enabled": "disabled", "runtime_status": "unsupported", "runtime_active_kids": 0, "runtime_active_time": 0, "runtime_suspended_time": 0, "runtime_usage": 0 } }
This should be pretty easy to understand, even with no prior experience with JSON. The words before the colons are the keys or variables, and those after are the values. The format is actually how javascript saves objects in flat files, hence the name JavaScript Object Notation. This makes it doubly useful in a javascript based API, since upon the receipt of a JSON payload, the data is immediately converted into an object. This can be manipulated and altered using standard OO operations including dot notation, rather than messing with string manipulation and regexes.
What's Left
By this point you should be expecting that this project has not fully realized its potential (how many projects ever do?). There are several features on my list which will hopefully be added in the near future, and many which I plan to leave out until needed unless some willing soul wants to contribute. Some of my planned features:
API Keys/Auth The app comes with a SQLite database and authentication system (endpoints /users and /login) but as of yet, they are not used for anything. The plan is to require a login every so often to release an API key. This would limit your board from attack by anyone who knows your IP.
Aliases While the pins are currently accessed by passing their linux ID number, it would be even better to be able to assign an alias to a pin and use that to access the pin's state.
Groups Many processes using GPIO rely on the simultaneous change of more than one pin in order to change a multiplexer input or some other multi-bit operation. The app does not currently support the simultaneous changing of pins, however multiple pins can be accessed in the same request via passing an array of ID's or JSON objects for GET and POST respectively.
I have no intention right now of working on a front end to this application. That task along with any other features not in the above list are up to you, the user. This code is 100% open source, and available in the usual spot on my github. Feel free to alter, use, adapt and destroy any of it to suit your needs. The installation process is rather simple:
Download the source code and package all but the “installer” directory into a tar.gz archive (this will be done for you when a release medium is linked). Send the installer folder and tar.gz package to your edison. SSH in and run the shell script included in the installer folder. assuming your Edison is already set up for wifi, you should be able to access the global GET endpoint at: <Edison's IP>:3000/api/pins
Go forth and do wonderful things with this. If you use it for something cool, I only ask you mention me in the documentation, and of course share a link to what you've built so I can admire your work! Next week I will be writing up a very short summary of some project currently on my plate, so stay tuned!
Debutant Hardik Pandya and the ever-solid Virat Kohli ensured India's domination over New Zealand extended to the limited-overs format as well.
While Pandya was on target with three wickets, ripping apart the Kiwis' top order, Kohli anchored the innings and finished the job with a maximum to seal India's six-wicket win here on Sunday.
New Zealand were hoping to put up a fight but their plans lay in tatters as pacers Umesh Yadav and Pandya, who opened the bowling from the other end, ripped through the batting to leave them reeling at 65 for seven in 18.4 overs.
India's Hardik Pandya celebrates with teammate Virat Kohli the dismissal of New Zealand‘s Luke Ronchi. (PTI Photo)
A score of 190 was never going to be challenging but India did stumble when Rohit Sharma (12) and Ajinkya Rahane (33) added 49 for the first wicket and threw away the good start. After the soft dismissal of Manish Pandey (17), hopes of the Kiwis to put the hosts under pressure were dashed with skipper MS Dhoni and Kohli stitching 60 runs in less than 10 overs.
Kohli, dropped by Tim Southee soon after reaching fifty, treated the sparsely-filled stadium with their trademark cover drives as they raced to an unbeaten 85.
Dhoni (21) was out in a mix-up with Kohli while trying to steal a quick single, but by then India had already knocked off 162 off the target. Kohli paced their innings to perfection, sealing the win with a six off Ish Sodhi.
Southee-Latham to the rescue
It seemed India were on their way to a comprehensive win, something the skipper would have liked. The pitch had a bit of juice for the pacers with some variable bounce. Umesh and Pandya made good use of the conditions to trouble opener Martin Guptill. Pandya had the last laugh when the Kiwi opener nicked one to Rohit at second slip. Umesh, at the other end, accounted for the big wicket of skipper Kane Williamson, who slashed hard to third man.
New Zealand's Tom Latham plays a shot. (AP Photo)
Soon after, Umesh had Ross Taylor caught behind for naught and the Kiwi innings was in disarray. Kedar Jadhav, introduced from the College End, ahead of Amit Mishra and Axar Patel, struck twice by accounting for Jimmy Neesham and Mitchell Santner.
But thereafter, the hosts let the Black Caps off the hook. A dropped catch of Southee by Umesh, when they were on two, gave the visitors some much-needed breathing space.
Southee went after the bowling and also gave support to opener Tom Latham, who till then had seen their teammates throw away their wickets. The 71-run partnership, which included some lusty hitting, gave the side an outside chance.
Southee (55), who scored their maiden half-century, dispatched Patel for a massive six, which landed on the stadium's roof. Latham, who was the lone star in the Test series, used the sweep shot to good effect and remained unbeaten on 79.
First Published: Oct 16, 2016 20:20 IST
President Donald Trump is blasting the Justice Department for not investigating 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
When asked, Trump was unsure whether they would fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions if Sessions did not begin investigating Clinton.
It's not the first time Trump has expressed dissatisfaction with Sessions' Justice Department.
President Donald Trump is implicitly jabbing Attorney General Jeff Sessions, publicly lamenting the fact that the Justice Department isn't currently investigating 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
At multiple points this week, Trump has openly criticised the Justice Department and the US justice system, firing off tweets asking for an investigation of Clinton and complaining about their lack of ability to influence the process. The complaints come less than a week after special counsel Robert Mueller handed down indictments to former members of their campaign including its former chairperson, Paul Manafort.
It's a revival of a period from the summer when Trump made a number of attacks against Sessions for failing to carry out their duties in a way that satisfied the president.
Asked point blank in a Friday press gaggle whether they would fire Sessions if they do not start to investigate Clinton, Trump said, “I don't know.”
“I'm really not involved with the Justice Department,” Trump said. “I'd like to let it run itself. But honestly they should be looking at the Democrats. … They should be looking at a lot of things and a lot of people are disappointed in the Justice Department, including me.”
“The saddest thing is that because I'm the president of the United States, I am not supposed to be involved with the Justice Department”
In a Thursday interview on “The Larry O'Connor Show,” Trump complained of their inability to be more directly involved with decision-making in the Department of Justice (DOJ).
“The saddest thing is that because I'm the president of the United States, I am not supposed to be involved with the Justice Department,” they said. “I am not supposed to be involved with the FBI.”
Trump made the remark after being told by the host that their listeners wanted to see the DOJ go after Clinton.
“I look at what's happening with the Justice Department. Well, why aren't they going after Hillary Clinton with their emails and with her, the dossier?” Trump said, referring to the Democratic Party-funded dossier designed to find connections between Trump and Russia that has been both partially discredited and partially corroborated.
“I am not supposed to be doing the kind of things that I would love to be doing,” they added. “And I am very frustrated by it.”
That was followed up by a lengthy tweetstorm that stretched from Thursday night into Friday morning, during which they repeatedly questioned why the Justice Department was not investigating Clinton.
Though the president has nominating power for top positions in the department, it is supposed to be independent of the White House and without interference from the president and their team.
In the tweetstorm, Trump asked “where is our Justice Department” in investigating the latest claims made by former Democratic National Committee chair Donna Brazile, who wrote in their new book that the organisation favoured Clinton during the Democratic primary. They noted that the arrangements they described were unethical, but not illegal.
“Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary & the Dems,” Trump wrote in the first of three tweets. “New Donna B book says they paid for and stole the Dem Primary. What about the deleted Emails, Uranium, Podesta, the Server, plus, plus … People are angry. At some point the Justice Department, and the FBI, must do what is right and proper. The American public deserves it!”
They added that “Pocahontas,” their derogatory nickname for Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, said the “Democrats, lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton, rigged the Primaries!”
“Lets go FBI & Justice Dept,” they said.
All of that followed up an episode earlier in the week in which they called the US justice system “a joke” and “a laughingstock” because of the lengthy process it takes for an alleged terrorist to go through the court system.
Those comments came after Sayfullo Saipov, a 29-year-old immigrant from Uzbekistan, rammed a pickup truck through a Manhattan bicycle path, killing eight and injuring more than a dozen. Police have since said Saipov carried out the attack in the name of the terrorist group ISIS.
Trump told reporters during a Cabinet meeting that the US must “come up with punishment that's far quicker and far greater than the punishment these animals are getting right now.”
“They will go through court for years,” they said. “And at the end, they will be — who knows what happens. We need quick justice, and we need strong justice, much quicker and much stronger than we have right now. Because what we have right now is a joke, and it's a laughingstock. And no wonder so much of this stuff takes place.”
These comments “show their contempt for the rule of law and undermine faith in our justice system”
Trump's past interactions with the Justice Department have come under scrutiny, particularly as they relate to their May firing of then-FBI Director James Comey, which led to Mueller's appointment. Comey was overseeing the FBI's investigation into whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russian officials in the 2016 presidential election, an investigation that is now folded into the special counsel's Russia-related investigation.
It was also from that episode that Trump's anger with Sessions first arose. Sessions recused themselves from all matters related to the Trump campaign after making statements to Congress during their confirmation hearing that later proved untrue. That led to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein being the one who made the call on appointing a special counsel after Comey was fired.
Over the summer, in an interview with The Wall Street Journal, Trump said they were “very disappointed in Jeff Sessions,” a statement they would repeat in a Rose Garden press conference alongside Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri hours later. Trump would also call Sessions their “beleaguered” attorney general.
Trump additionally blasted Sessions on Twitter for having taken what the president called “a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are Emails & DNC server) & Intel leakers!” The president also asked “where is the investigation A.G.” in a tweet in which they discussed “Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign.”
On Friday, Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, called Trump's pushing the Justice Department to investigate Clinton “deeply disturbing.”
“They show their contempt for the rule of law and undermine faith in our justice system,” they said in a statement. “We can't allow ourselves to become numb to the president of the United States calling on independent law enforcement organisations to investigate their political opponents. That's characteristic of authoritarian regimes, not democracies, and it needs to stop.”
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
Richard Stallman's personal site.
For current political commentary, see the daily political notes.
RMS' Bio | The GNU Project
Business-Supremacy Treaties (called "free trade")
2016-03-17
Business supremacy treaties are designed to undermine democracy. They transfer power from states (which can be more or less democratic) to businesses (which don't try or claim to represent the public).
The first method these treaties used was so-called "free trade": making it easy for businesses to move production from one country to another. This pressures countries to compete to offer businesses favorable conditions, such as low wages, poor benefits for workers, weak environmental protection, low taxes (meaning bad education, bad health care, crumbling and toxic infrastructure, and inadequate support for the young, old, disabled and unemployed), and the opportunity to ignore laws (lock fire escapes, steal workers' pay).
Since the 1990s, treaties have proceeded to direct attacks on democracy: authorizing other countries, or even foreign businesses, to sue a country in a special international court for failing to respect the supremacy of business. (When business are allowed to do this, it is called "ISDS", which informally stands for "I Sue Democratic States.") Under ISDS, if a country has a law to protect something important (such as the environment, endangered species, public health, workers' rights, or the general standard of living), the international court can label that a "barrier to trade" and impose fines. The country's "democratic" politicians will then almost certainly decide to eliminate that law.
These treaties also frequently serve the interests of specific industries with harsh restrictions on citizens -- for instance, requiring unjust copyright law.
To recover democracy, we must abolish the business-supremacy treaties.
This page contains a list of ways business-supremacy treaties have done harm. Most of the items describe specific changes in laws or policies that were imposed through these treaties.
Please email me at rms at gnu dot org if you know of other specific laws in any country, that tried to protect something more important than business profits, that were attacked using a business-supremacy treaty, or that were voted down on the grounds they would conflict with such a treaty.
Worker Rights
"Free trade" means clothing companies anywhere in the world get the benefit of the horrible working conditions in Burma.
Rosa Moreno lost both their hands in an industrial accident, working for a contractor for a multinational brand. They were lucky to get help to sue for compensation, but lost the suit on a technicality. Nobody should have six children, but that is a separate issue. Even if they chose to have so many children (rather than being pressured by some men), that can't justify the way they have been treated after their injury, nor the dangerous conditions maintained at their workplace. This is what "free trade" does: it enables the multinational to make countries compete to attract production by allowing the worst possible working conditions and workers' rights. Without "free trade", Mexico would have a real compensation system for accidents at work, the company would have maintained Machine 19 carefully and followed proper safety procedures, and this accident would probably not have happened.
Privatization
After dictator Pinochet opened the door, Chile has privatized nearly all its water supply. Movements now push to take public control. They face a big obstacle in the various business-supremacy treaties that would enable the foreign investors to sue Chile for renationalizing the water supply.
Privacy
The US Trade Representative claims that the European Union can't set its own data centers to protect privacy and block surveillance because that would violate a trade treaty.
Environmental Harm
Copyright
Ecuador gave in to European bullying by accepting an unjust "free trade" treaty which includes heavy punishment for copyright infringement (and other things that are bad for Ecuador).
After the "official" TPP text was posted, a sneaky one-word change was made that make the copyright provisions even nastier.
Pharmaceuticals
A proposed business-supremecy treaty for Asia includes restrictions on generic medicines, and would stop India from providing many generic drugs to poor people in a number of other countries. It is a fundamental mistake to call these restrictions "intellectual property" because that leads people to confuse them with unrelated issues such as copyright law. Every time that term is used, it spreads confusion -- so please, don't use it!
Big Pharma companies are trying to use ridiculous patents to crush generic drugs in India, but so far India has thwarted them.
The only reason patents on drugs exist in India is that they were imposed by wealthy countries through a WTO treaty called TRIPES, the Trade-Restricting Impediments to Production, Education and Science. (The supporters of that treaty call it "TRIPS", but that acronym uses their propaganda term "intellectual property". Since that term spreads confusion, using it does harm; therefore I go out of my way not to use it. )
The supporters of that harmful treaty call it "TRIPS", which uses their propaganda term "intellectual property". Since that term spreads confusion, using it does harm; therefore I go out of my way not to use it.
The only reason patents on drugs exist in India is that they were imposed by wealthy countries through a WTO treaty called TRIPES, the Trade-Restricting Impediments to Production, Education and Science. (The supporters of that treaty call it "TRIPS", but that acronym uses their propaganda term "intellectual property". Since that term spreads confusion, using it does harm; therefore I go out of my way not to use it. ) The supporters of that harmful treaty call it "TRIPS", which uses their propaganda term "intellectual property". Since that term spreads confusion, using it does harm; therefore I go out of my way not to use it. The European Commission is trying to cut off Indian generic drugs through a proposed trade treaty.
GlaxoSmithKline announced it will not patent its new drugs in countries that are the poorest of the poor, such as Afghanistan, Rwanda and Cambodia. I wonder, though, whether this apparent magnanimity will have any practical effect. I don't think there are generic drug factories in countries such as Afghanistan, Rwanda and Cambodia. If the countries such as India that actually make generic drugs are not covered, if GSK continues using patents to prevent the manufacture of generic drugs in those countries, this gift will turn out to be an empty gesture.
Even in Britain, drug companies sometimes demand prices so high that the medical system refuses to buy them. It's much worse in the US where Congress, corrupted by the drug companies, tied the government's hands about negotiating prices with the drug companies. The main reason drugs are so expensive is patent law, imposed by the WTO. This is one of many reasons we need to make big changes in the WTO or else get rid of it. However, the concentration of the drug industry, through many mergers, has given the drug companies greater clout (as has occurred in many other areas of business), and this contributes to the problem. We need to make big companies split up. My tax proposal would be one way to do that.
Limiting taxation of companies
The UK has treaties with many very poor countries, limiting what taxes they can charge to UK companies.
Economic Issues
US proponents of these treaties claim their advantage is to boost exports. If they did that, that would not justify the harm they do to democracy. But they don't really boost exports anyway, not for the US. Even in the narrow terms of trade and "national interest", they are a bad deal.
In general, US export growth has been low wherever the US has a "free trade treaty".
Even when these treaties lead to economic growth, they assure the benefit will go to the rich; working people may become poorer all the while, as wealth and income become more concentrated.
No wonder the think tanks that support the TTIP are funded by plutocrats as a form of "policy laundering".
Public Health
Human Rights
In the 1990s, Massachusetts passed a law to boycott companies that did business in Burma. At the time, the US had not yet adopted strong trade sanctions against Burma. Other countries called this a "non-tariff barrier to trade" and said it violated the World Trade Organization rules. Congress passed, and President Clinton signed, a law that prohibited states from adopting such boycotts: a victory for plutocracy over democracy.
Misc
New Study Confirms: Private 'Trade' Courts Serve the Ultra-Wealthy.
The harmful effects of 20 years of "free trade" treaties on the US.
NAFTA has a special provision that says Canada cannot reduce its oil exports to the US.
The predecessor of NAFTA already put business in the driver's seat so much that it blocked Ontario from adopting no-fault car insurance. NAFTA, which followed, did this even more. The TPP does it even more.
Copyright 2011, 2016-2019 Richard Stallman released under Creative Commons Attribution Noderivs 3.0 unported
The story has been covered extensively in Germany and even in Israel, but it seems to have largely escaped notice in the United States: Israel has acquired a fleet of advanced German submarines that—Prime Minister Netanyahu has signaled—carry nuclear weapons pointed at Iran. The Obama administration's pretense that it knows nothing about any nuclear weapons in Israel makes intelligent discussion about the dangers of nuclear weapons in the Middle East all but impossible. It has also vastly diminished respect for America's broader worldwide effort to control the spread of nuclear weapons.
On January 12 of this year, the Rahav, the fifth of six German-built submarines scheduled for delivery, arrived at its base in Haifa. It's an advanced diesel-electric boat that is equipped with air-independent propulsion—that is, it has its own oxygen supply and can stay beneath the surface for weeks, and do so more quietly than a nuclear-powered submarine. Its four extra-large torpedo tubes are sized—by numerous accounts—to fire Israeli long-range nuclear-tipped cruise missiles.
The strategic submarine procurement process started in the early 1990s, around the time of the first Gulf war. Germany's position vis-à-vis Israel became especially awkward when it came to light that German firms had helped Saddam with their poison gas and missiles, some of which landed in Israel. Germany quickly agreed to pay for the first two submarines, a contribution that was cast as continued reparation for the World War II murder of millions of Jews.
Once the submarines took up their stations, the Israelis did not hide their mission. A 2011 Israeli Ynetnews story described an interview with the submarine fleet's commander under the headline, “Doomsday weapon: Israel's submarines.” A related Ynetnews story included the following:
Foreign reports suggest that the German subs serve as Israel's "second strike" power and aim to retain its nuclear capabilities, even in cases of an attack on the country. This supposedly serves to deter Iran or any future enemy which has the ability to destroy Israel.
The subject has been aired in the German press. A 2012 series in Der Spiegel reported the cruise missiles could reach Iran with a 200-kilogram warhead, a weight that permits a formidable nuclear yield. The German government kept mum.
Any shred of doubt about Israel's possession of nuclear weapons, and about the presence of long-range nuclear missiles on the German-supplied submarines, got erased at last month's ceremony celebrating the Rahav's arrival. The official speeches demonstrated that Israel's nuclear weapons are no longer weapons of last resort, kept out of sight and only used in extremis; they are now integrated into its overall strategy. Prime Minister Netanyahu said the “submarine fleet is used first and foremost to deter our enemies who strive to extinguish us…They must know that Israel is capable of hitting back hard against anyone who seeks to hurt us." There is little doubt who “they” are. The Israeli leadership's fixation with the threat of nuclear weapons in Iran's hands has filled the news for years.
For the deterrent to work, Iran has to be aware of it, ergo the invulnerability of the undersea nuclear force has to be publicized, even flaunted. Leaving out the word “nuclear” doesn't detract from the usefulness of the warning, while—such is human psychology—allowing Israel's suppliers and supporters to maintain their pretense of ignorance. Had Netanyahu blurted out the truth, Germany would not have been able politically to continue to supply the submarines.
The US government, which has to be aware of the submarine's nuclear role, has remained silent. The United States has consistently shielded Israel's nuclear force from criticism in international arenas, squelching any effort to raise the subject; the taboo on discussing Israeli nuclear weapons apparently extends to the inner reaches of the US government. While the United States proclaims the Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) as the “cornerstone” of its nonproliferation policy and claims “unwavering” support for a Middle East nuclear weapon-free zone, America's real policy is different: It aims to protect Israel's monopoly on nuclear force in the area. That hypocrisy is not lost on the rest of the world, most of which takes a cynical view of US motives in pursuing nonproliferation.
This US policy carries a very real risk: As one of the four NPT holdouts (the others being India, North Korea, and Pakistan), Israel is also one of the countries most likely to use nuclear weapons against an adversary. All four of these non-signatories are involved in bitter disputes. While they all speak of using their weapons for deterrence, they do not rule out use of the weapons in response to non-nuclear provocation. Israel describes its sea-based nuclear missiles (omitting “nuclear,” of course) as a secure second-strike force. But a “second-strike” force in a tiny country that can be effectively eliminated by one nuclear weapon is bound to be an especially forward-leaning one. It makes for a dangerous state of affairs.
The essential first step in dealing with this danger—discussing it—is for the US government to acknowledge Israel's nuclear weapons. Ending the pretense would lance the hypocrisy that so gravely undermines US efforts to control the spread of nuclear weapons and their means of delivery.
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) said on Sunday that presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE should not have attacked a California judge regarding their "Mexican heritage."
"This is one of the worst mistakes Trump has made," Gingrich said on "Fox News Sunday."
ADVERTISEMENT
"I think it's inexcusable."
Trump last week criticized Judge Gonzalo Curiel, questioning whether the judge could be impartial as they oversee lawsuits against Trump University.
Trump said Curiel's "Mexican heritage" is an "absolute conflict" in three civil fraud lawsuits. They said the judge is biased because of Trump's calls for a wall along the United States's border with Mexico.
Gingrich said in Sunday's interview that Trump has "every right to criticize a judge" and has "every right to say certain decisions aren't right."
But they slammed Trump for their comments, noting the judge was born in Indiana.
"He is an American. Period. When you come to America, you get to become an American, and Trump, who has grandparents who came to the U.S., should understand this as much as anybody," they said.
Gingrich dodged a question about whether what Trump said about the judge was racist. They called it a mistake and said they hoped it was "sloppiness."
The former Speaker said Trump is no longer fighting for the nomination in the primaries but is now the potential leader of the United States.
"Trump has got to, I think, move to a new level," they said.
"He's got to move their game up to the level of being a potential leader."
Still, Gingrich said he's been "amazed" by how fast Trump has grown and how fast the presumptive GOP nominee learns from their mistakes.
Sonigen Modular
Example Sounds
Screenshot
Features
Sonigen Modular is a modular software synthesizer. It allows the user to connect individual modules to form a preset or “patch”. This gives great freedom in designing the overall signal flow and structure and hence the actual sound that is produced. Sonigen Modular is a true modular in that there are no arbitrary limits on the number or type of modules you can use in your patch.You can listen to some of Jesse Juup's excellent demos on soundcloud. Audio Demos
Sonigen Modular is fully modular with as many modules and patch cables as you want.
It seamlessly combines polyphonic voice and static effect processing. You design the signal flow for voices and use a VoiceMixer to convert that into a single stereo signal that can then be processed by a single static effect section.
It is fast and intuitive to use. Almost everything is done in the main window. There's no separate schematic / GUI views, no macro modules, no separate FX window. You can see what is going on just by looking at the main window.
Great sound quality. A huge amount of time has been put into developing high quality algorithms. It has very high quality anti-aliasing.
It is CPU efficient. This doesn't mean corners have been cut. It means hand tuned assembly and run time optimization. The audio processing code is dynamically assembled and optimised in real time as you edit and play.
System Requirements
Windows XP / Windows Vista / Windows 7
X86 CPU with SSE1 (Pentium 3 and AthlonXP upwards).
Latest Beta ~ V0.9.260 ~ March 15th 2014
Fixed audio silence bug.
Fixed automation bug with Ableton Live.
Beta V0.9.225 ~ June 5th 2013
The main new features are…
A new Chorus effect with 3 separate modes.
Generalized controller module. One module for keytrack, modwheel, MIDI CC, etc…
LFO sync to song position
A bunch of bug fixes and other minor improvements.
Skin Resources
Here's a zip file will the skin resource files so that you can modify the skin if you're that way inclined.
THE GUJARAT government Friday amended the state's Animal Preservation Bill to entail a maximum punishment of life imprisonment and a minimum of 10 years for cow slaughter after it was passed in the assembly in the absence of the Opposition Congress and with the visitors' gallery packed with saffron-clad Hindu priests.
Advertising
Speaking on the amendment, Chief Minister Vijay Rupani said that while they were “not against any food”, they wanted to make Gujarat “shakahari (vegetarian)”, “We do not want Jersey cows, but Gir and Kankreji cows instead,” they said.
Rupani also described Gujarat as a “unique state”, which followed the tenets of Mahatma Gandhi — “non-violence and truth”. “This is Gandhi's Gujarat, Sardar's (Vallabhbhai Patel) Gujarat and (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi's Gujarat,” said Rupani.
The passage of the Gujarat Animal Preservation (Amendment) Bill, 2017 came eight months after seven Dalits were beaten by self-styled cow vigilantes for alleged cow slaughter in Una.
Advertising
The punishment for cow slaughter under the earlier law was imprisonment ranging from three to seven years. The new law also makes offences under the amended Act non-bailable.
The amendment was cleared after the Speaker suspended members of the Congress for creating a ruckus before the Bill was passed.
When the amendment Bill was introduced over a month ago, it had a maximum punishment of ten years imprisonment. On Friday, however, the ruling BJP moved to enhance the punishment to a life-term.
In another major amendment, the Bill included a provision that vehicles caught in transporting cows, beef or beef products illegally will be forfeited to the state government. The maximum fine for the offence has also been increased from Rs 50,000 to one ranging from Rs 1 lakh-Rs 5 lakh.
Besides, the punishment for conviction for illegal transportation of cow, beef or beef products has been increased from three years imprisonment to seven years.
The Act allows transportation of animals of cow progeny with permission, but not between 7 pm and 5 am.
The statement of the Bill reads, “In the year 2011, the State Government had made certain amendments in the said Act for better implementation of the Act. It is, however, experienced while implementing the said Act that still more stringent provisions are required to be made by amending the said Act for curbing the menace of illegal slaughtering of the animals covered under the said Act to provide for more stringent punishment and effectively check the rampant use of vehicles for transporting such animals.”
During the discussion on the Bill, Minister of State for Home Pradeepsinh Jadeja said, “This is not a Bill, but a feeling of crores of Indians. It is my humble attempt to give voice to the cows being killed by butchers. A single drop of cow blood falling on earth pains Hindus. With this law, Vijaybhai Rupani's government will make Gujarat cow-slaughter-free.”
Jadeja also offered their respects to the “Hindu saints” in the visitors gallery, and said that they were “feeling proud as a Hindu” to introduce the Bill in the House.
One of those present in the gallery, Kaniramji Bapu of Dudhrej in Surendranagar district, an important religious seat of the maldhari community (cattle herders) in Gujarat, said, “We oppose cow slaughter and believe in its preservation. And so, we came here in support of the Act. Cows should be preserved and their slaughtering must end.”
Another religious figure, Mahant Vikramgiri from Ghela-Somnath of Jasdan in Rajkot district, said, “Around 300 sadhu-sants have come to Assembly. Since the government had announced that they will bring the Bill, we knew it in advance and are here to support it.”
Advertising
In 2011, when Narendra Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, the state government had imposed a complete ban on slaughter of cows, transportation and selling of cow meat by amending the Act.
Truth in Satire
Trump University Announces New Emphasis on Ethnic Studies
The beleaguered institute set to relaunch in 2018
Joke Joke Cry Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 17, 2017
NEW YORK — Today, Trump University announced a major overhaul of its education programs, pivoting to a strong emphasis on ethnic studies.
Members of the faculty are showing support for the school's new direction by raising Confederate Flags in front of their homes and yelling incoherently at their neighbors about immigrants.
“At our prestigious institute of higher learning, you'll be exposed to a diverse range of ideas about culture, history, and the marginalization of the white race,” said newly appointed University President, Donald Trump Jr.
“We do things the right way here,” explained Senior Advisor to the President and Trump University Chairman Stephen Miller. “For example, on our campus, Affirmation Action is a simple nod in consent of a public lynching. Isn't that great?”
The university reopens Jan 2, 2018, with new classes being held at the Sebastian Gorka Center for Racial Understanding and Harmony, and Richard Spencer's shitty apartment.
“All students are required to take core Trump curriculum,” said the University Founder and President of the United States Donald Trump. “That's regardless of your major — whether you are learning to reduce economic opportunities for people of color or you're practicing watercolor paintings of ghoulish Jews. I don't care.”
According to insider sources, these courses speak to President's Trump's “tireless commitment to diversity in all its forms.” These include:
Journalism 101: Enemies of the State
Intro to Religion: The Executive Branch
Women's Studies: Cooking, Cleaning, and Serving as a Vessel for the Genetically Pure
American History: The War of Northern Aggression
Physical Education: War of Northern Aggression Reenactment
Introduction to Geology: What Types of Stones to Throw at the Gays
Evolutionary Biology: Strength of the Monoculture
Econ 101: Curse of the Jew
Art History: Beautiful Monuments of the Confederacy
“You'll also need to take 12 units of African American Studies,” said White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. “Just kidding!”
With their mouth full of raw hamburger meat, it was difficult to understand exactly what Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt said about the school.
“We're glad you're here and not getting brainwashed at a liberal college controlled by the deep state,” yelled an irate Pruitt. “Can you imagine? Earning a Bachelor's of Nothing in Mindfulness from U.C. Berkeley and then spending the rest of your life as a cuck for a bunch of goddamn trees?”
At the announcement ceremony, held this morning at Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort, Vice President Mike Pence presided over the ribbon-cutting ceremony that terminated the life of a young Mexican boy, who was held over the choppy waters by ribbon alone.
“We applaud your dedication to continued learning, growth, and the subjugation of inferior races,” Pence told the small crowd, as they ignored the boy's watery screams.
The Vice President then raised their right arm toward the sky, fingers outstretched.
“Heil Trump,” they called out softly. “Heil Trump for life.”
Syracuse, N.Y. — Hakim Warrick will continue their quest to return to the NBA with the San Antonio Spurs.
The former Syracuse University star confirmed Friday that they had been invited to a workout with the reigning NBA champions. Warrick will have their workout with the Spurs on Sept. 1.
Warrick, who played at Syracuse from 2001 to 2005, spent eight years in the NBA. The Memphis Grizzlies took them with the 19th pick in the 2005 NBA draft. In addition to the Grizzlies, the 6-foot-9 forward has played for the Milwaukee Bucks, the Chicago Bulls, the Phoenix Suns, the New Orleans Hornets and the Charlotte Bobcats. However, they last played in the NBA during the 2012-13 season with the Bobcats.
Warrick averaged 7.0 points in 27 games for Charlotte, but the Bobcats traded them to Orlando in February of 2013. The Magic released them two days later.
When no NBA teams showed interest in them after that season, Warrick eventually signed with the Liaoning Jiebao Hunters of the Chinese Basketball Association.
"I went over there halfway through the season,'' Warrick said recently. "It was a different experience. It was a shorter season and good competition. I got to play for 36 minutes a game. I haven't had to do that in a while. It was good to go out and play and be the main focus every game.''
Earlier this summer, Warrick said they hoped to return to the NBA for the 2014-15 season.
Warrick's workout for the Spurs includes no guarantee of making the team's roster, but it does offer a good opportunity. Warrick said the workout should include some current San Antonio players and a few other free agents. They said they accepted the Spurs' invitation because San Antonio does have some players with non-guaranteed deals.
Republican U.S. presidential nominee Donald Trump. (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
Take the baby boomers. Please.
The idealists of the 1960s have come a long way from Woodstock. After a quarter- century of mismanaging the country, they have produced Donald Trump, who with their narcissistic and uncompromising style is a bright orange symbol of what went wrong with the massive generation. And polls show that the boomers are the biggest source of support for Trump.
Among voters between age 50 and 64, Trump leads Hillary Clinton by three points in Post-ABC News polling and by a point in NBC-Wall Street Journal polling, equal to the older, smaller Silent Generation's support of the Republican nominee in the latter poll. The generational support for Trump's burn-it-all-down campaign is the latest reminder of why the baby boomers are in the running to be remembered as the Worst Generation.
But, if I may claim a rare moment of generational pride, there is good news in the polling, too. Generation X — my much-maligned generation — has turned emphatically against Trump. The NBC poll shows Clinton leading by 22 points among those between 35 and 49 — a more lopsided rejection of Trump than even the millennials mustered.
This raises hope after the debacle of boomer governance. “It's really the boomers that are driving the hyperpartisanship and polarization and gridlock,” says David Rosen, a consultant specializing in generational effects in politics. Beginning with the boomer-led 1994 Republican Revolution, “that's where you see the origin of the insane politics that we have right now. Trump is in some ways taking that style to its most absurd and ridiculous extremes.”
In the final stretch of the race for president, Trump supporters advise their candidate on how they can deliver on Election Day. (Dalton Bennett/The Washington Post)
But maybe this is the boomers' last gasp. “Hopefully,” Rosen tells me, “when Gen X comes to power it will repudiate the boomers and the entire legacy of this style of politics and move us toward something that is more pragmatic.”
Before the emails start pouring in, let me make clear that this isn't an indictment of individual boomers, nor of boomers' contributions to art and science. But as a generation of leaders, they have been disastrous. Boomers seized the White House in 1992 and the House in 1994 and have generally dominated government since. Clinton, like Trump, is a boomer, which guarantees that the generation will control the White House through at least 2020.
[The RNC's suckers and sellouts are helpless to Trump]
And what does this generation have to show for its quarter-century of leadership?
Boomers inherited the sole superpower after the Greatest Generation won the Cold War — and squandered U.S. influence with two long and inconclusive wars.
They gave us the financial collapse of 2008, the worst economy since the Great Depression, a crushing federal debt and worse inequality. They devoured fossil fuels and did little about global warming while allowing infrastructure and research to deteriorate. They expanded entitlement programs and are now poised to bankrupt those programs. Their leadership has led to declining confidence in religion, the presidency, Congress, the Supreme Court, banks and big business, schools, the media and the police. They may leave their children (the millennials) worse off than they were.
Boomers, coddled in their youth, grew up selfish and unyielding. When they got power, they created polarization and gridlock from both sides. Though Vietnam War-protesting boomers got the attention, their peers on the right were just as ideological, creating the religious right. Boomers are twice as likely to identify as conservative as liberal, a figure that hasn't changed much in two decades. And Trump captures their generation's selfishness: their multiple draft deferrals, their claim that he's “made a lot of sacrifices” by building buildings, their vow not to cut Social Security but to have huge tax cuts and massive military investments.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump responded to Vice President Joe Biden, who said they would take Trump "behind the gym." (The Washington Post)
Generational patterns repeat over time, as researchers William Strauss and Neil Howe showed. A “civic” generation is followed by an “adaptive” one, then “idealist” and “reactive” generations. The boomers are idealists — same as the generations that led the United States into the Civil War and the Great Depression. Gen Xers are reactive — cynical and pragmatic — and clean up idealists' messes. Millennials, like the Greatest Generation, rebuild institutions.
Happily, Gen Xers, the cleanup crew, could become the plurality in Congress as soon as 2018. The question is whether my generation, working with the millennials, can break the boomers' gridlock and deal jointly with the many crises boomers left us.
Gen Xer that I am, I'm not convinced my cynical cohort has what it takes. But Rosen is hopeful. “When we see national emergencies arrive, Generation X will be able to get things done when it needs to,” they say. “All the evidence suggests that Gen X has those qualities.”
And this much is for sure: After a quarter-century of boomer mismanagement and the monstrosity that is Trump, we can't possibly do worse.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
The blue line is the first Urumqi-Qiqihar railway, K1084. [Photo: Chinaplusnews] The first Qiqihar-Urumqi railway, K1084, started running on May 15, 2016. Stretching for over 4,000 kilometres, it's the longest railway line in China. As the first direct line between the most northeastern province and the most northwestern region of the country, it passes across 8 provinces and the city of Tianjin. For the cost of 1,244 yuan, or 190 US dollars, travelers can cover almost all of Northern China. Among the 40 stations the train stops at, many are well-known places of interest. It's not practical to visit them all, but the following four pairs of cities are worth travelers' time. Qiqihar & Harbin Qiqihar is the second largest city in northeast China's Heilongjiang province. It has the Zhalong Nature Preserve, a first-class wetland known as a stopover and nesting area for cranes. The pictures show the cranes at the Zhalong Nature Preserve in Qiqihar. [Photo: Chinaplusnews] The marshland is a major migratory route for birds from the Arctic migrating to Southeast Asia. Its ponds and reeds make it an ideal home for over 300 different species including storks, swans, herons and grebes. 310 km away from the city lays Harbin, capital of the province, which is notable for its ice sculpture festival in winter and national music festival in summer. If travelers happen to miss both, there is the third choice: European-style architecture and food. The must-go first stop has to be Saint Sophia Cathedral, a former Russian Orthodox church built in 1907. As a perfect example of Neo-Byzantine architecture, its main structure is laid out like a cross with the main hall topped with a huge green-tipped dome. Under the bright sun, the church and the square resemble Moscow's Red Square. The file photo shows the inside of Saint Sophia Cathedral in Harbin. [Photo: Chinaplusnews] Harbin has a 100,000-square-km "Russian village" for nostalgic tourists who have a crush on the exotic land, where they can appreciate 27 villas and residential buildings of Russian manners popular during the last century. The file pictures show ice cream under the brand of "Modern", an old brand in Harbin. [Photo: nuomi.com] Zhangye & Jiayuguan The two cities are located in Hexi Corridor in northwest China's Gansu Province, which was the frontier for much of China's history as it formed a natural passage to the Central Asian and the Middle East. Zhangye literally means "extend the arm", suggesting Ancient China's intentions to communicate with foreign countries. The city is now known for the Zhangye Danxia National Geological Park. Danxia is a landform with unusual colours of rocks, which are smooth, sharp and several hundred meters tall. They are the result of deposits of sandstone and minerals over 24 million years, with shapes sculpted by wind, rain, and time. The pictures show the Danxia landscape in Zhangye, northwest China's Gansu Province. [Photo: Chinaplusnews] Next station towards west along the railway is Hiayuguan, a city famous for Jiayu Pass, the largest and most intact pass of the Great Wall of China. It also marks the end of the Wall. The file photo shows Jiayu Pass in northwest China. [Photo: ctps.cn] Besides sightseeing, one cannot miss the noodles and drinks in Jianyuguan, which represents the flavour of northwest China yet is less expensive than those in neighbouring cities. The file photo shows a cup of apricot tea, a prevalent beverage in local areas. Steamed by the peels of apricot, it can help people with digesting food. It only costs three to five yuan in Jianyuguan. [Photo: mafengwo.cn] Different kinds of northwest noodles can all be found here. For example, there are Lanzhou beef noodles, soft, elastic, with cubes of beef and egg scattering. Decorated by green coriander and red pepper oil, the noodles seldom fail the diners' appetite. Hami & Turpan The two cities are in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, the railway's terminal. Exiting Gansu Province, the first city travellers reach is Hami, the hometown of sweet Hami melons, the only thing many outsiders able to think of when mentioning the city. The file photo shows hami melons in northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. [Photo: guofuzi.com] Hami has the second largest mellow in Xinjiang: Barkol grasslands. Known as the "Hometown of Heavenly Horse", it's a place to avoid summer heat. Barkol Grassland is 1,650 meters above sea level. Jokuls are glittering and translucent, with verdant pine forests and wreathing clouds making the scenery changeable. The file photo shows the Barkol Grassland. [Photo: Chinaplusnews] If Hami is sweet melons' city, Turpan is for grapes. It has an eight-kilometre valley named Bulayiq with grapes growing in abundance. The major species is 13 categories of seedless grapes, of which the sugar content is 20 percent to 24 percent, higher than those in the rest of the world. That's the result of plenty of sunlight and the meltwater form the nearby snow mountain.
View full size
Syracuse, NY -- Syracuse Symphony's board of trustees will file Chapter 7 bankruptcy, likely next week.
Interim Executive Director Paul Brooks made the announcement Tuesday following a 2 ½ hour SSO board meeting. Board chair Rocco Mangano, seated next to Brooks in a conference room of Eric Mower and Associates' downtown office, did not speak during the brief press conference.
Brooks read a statement expressing the board's “great sadness” at reaching this decision and its attempts “to find any and every possible means to survive.” They said the board realized it couldn't support a 77-person, $7 million orchestra on a $5 million budget.
The statement also pointed out if another symphony organization should be organized in the future, it would not be saddled with the SSO's $5.5 million debt, a $2.5 million unfunded pension liability or “a union contract that restricts its ability to configure itself to fit the times.”
When asked if this leaves open the possible formation of a future symphony, Brooks said “That's a question to be answered down the road.”
Only two votes against the move were recorded, with 15 board members present voting to dissolve the SSO. Music Director Daniel Hege did not attend the meeting.
Brooks said the board decided to file for Chapter 7 bankruptcy because of the SSO's outstanding pension liability. Chapter 7 enables the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. to step in and take over responsibility for the pension, ensuring the musicians' pension remains whole and intact, they said.
The SSO's $5.5 million debt includes major unfunded pension liability, outstanding accounts payable, bank debt and unfulfilled susbscriptions, they said.
Jeremy Mastrangelo, an SSO musician who sits on the board, attended the meeting.
“In the end, people put up their hands and said ‘We didn't know how to do it' and there's nothing we can do” to raise the money to continue the operation.
They said musicians will find the the news hard to take because they were “explicitly” told in making their salary and benefit concessions last summer that would ensure the viability of the SSO's 50th anniversary season. They added in the recent discussions with management and the board, musicians offered even more in concessions for next season.
“But there was not a willingness to meet us,” they said. “We were simply told what we would have to take and there was no budging from that.”
Tueday's announcement is the final note in what was to have been a joyous celebration of the SSO's 50th anniversary season, including a much anticipated concert by cellist superstar Yo-Yo Ma.
A week ago, on March 29, the trustees voted to suspend operations because it was without operating funds, burdened by a debt of $5.5 million and failed to receive $1.3 million in concessions from musicians for the 2011-2012 season. Sunday, the SSO ceased its operation, laying off 61 core musicians and 14 contract players, and most of its 18 full- and part-time office workers. A staff of eight remains to conduct the business of closing up.
With the Tuesday night's board decision, the skeletal staff will begin an inventory of the SSO's physical assets, records, computer documents and more. Brooks said no future meetings of the board or with musicians are planned.
The Syracuse Opera will contract with players from the SSO for its Friday and Sunday performances of “The Pearl Fishers.”
Syracuse Symphony Youth Orchestra Final Rehearsal
Also Tuesday, Syracuse University has come to the rescue of the Syracuse Symphony Youth Orchestra and agreed to presenting the group's concert at 4 p.m. May 22 in Goldstein Auditorium, in the Schine Student Center on campus. Originally, the concert had been scheduled for May 15, but was canceled along with the SSO's season.
On Saturday, the musicians played their last concert as members of the SSO at Syracuse University. About 20 Syracuse and regional concerts remained in the 2010-2011 season.
The past nine months the SSO has struggled to straighten out its finances. In July, it was on the verge of being broke before an “angel investor” came to its rescue with operating funds.
In late January, the orchestra again faced shutting down if it did not receive $375,000 to cover its payroll and expenses for February. The orchestra management said it needed to raise a total of $1.75 million to bridge a budget gap for the 2010-11 season. The “Keep the Music Playing” campaign was launched Jan. 26.
The SSO had received $719,153 from 2,287 donors as of March 25. But it was short $100,847 in reaching its $445,000 March goal and still needed to raise $1.03 million toward its $1.75 million targets. The organization has been operating month to month. Its fundraising goal for April was $400,000.
The $1.3 million concession proposal was separate from the “Keep the Music Playing” campaign. The orchestra has a budget of $6.9 million for 2010-11, down from $7.4 million for last season, and has a staff of 12 full-time and six part-time employees.
More coverage:
» Read our earlier story
» State attorney general investigating if Syracuse Symphony Orchestra owes refunds
» How can CNY save the Syracuse Symphony Orchestra?
» Symphony's collateral damage: Its youth orchestra
» Facebook group aims to keep the Syracuse Symphony Youth Orchestra playing
» Read all our coverage
The white Baltimore police patrol car — a familiar presence on city streets for decades — is slowly being phased out and replaced in a new color: black.
Over the next few months, residents can expect black-marked 2014 Chevy Caprice patrol cars cruising the streets of Baltimore. The change was requested by officers who wanted to appear more professional in updated cars.
The new cars are adorned with a blue streak that runs at an angle on both sides of the car along with a police shield and "Baltimore Police" in white lettering. Police FoxTrot helicopters and many mobile command trucks have had a similar design for more than a decade.
"It's one that we're proud of, and it's one that we think the people of Baltimore are really going to like," police spokesperson Lt. Eric Kowalczyk said.
It's not the first time the department has embarked on a new color scheme. The city's police cars were black after World War II when the color was the only shade available. Since then, the cars have been black and white, and then blue and white. In the 1990s, the department planned to shift to baby blue to present a "friendlier image," but the plan was shelved two years and $2 million later.
See what some of the Baltimore police patrol cars, as well as those from other jurisdictions, have looked like over the years.
Former Police Commissioner Edward T. Norris said they wanted to switch to black because they felt the white cars were too closely linked to, of all things, a 1970s television comedy. They also thought sleek black cars would give officers a sense of pride. The change was announced but never occurred.
The current switch is also being driven by the department's desire to boost officers' flagging morale. Less than 10 percent of Baltimore officers described morale as "good" in a department survey last year.
Commanders believe that raises approved last year, a more favorable work schedule and the new patrol cars will help change that. The cruisers also feature seats that adjust more easily, and light and siren switches in more accessible locations.
The new black cars will be added to the current fleet as older vehicles are replaced, Kowalczyk said. The changeover won't cost additional money, officials said.
The department bought 30 black cars this year, and they are currently being outfitted for patrol.
Baltimore police union president Gene Ryan believes the cruisers are a big improvement. A committee of officers of various ranks picked the design, color scheme, lettering and marking, police said.
"If you let somebody have ownership, it always boosts morale," Ryan said. "That car is their office."
It's an iconic shift for the city.
Millions of television viewers recognize Baltimore's white fleet of Ford Crown Victoria Police Interceptors, Chevy Impalas and Caprices thanks to the police television drama "The Wire."
Before that, Kowalczyk noted, the 1990s TV show "Homicide: Life on the Streets," also based in Baltimore, featured different white cars from that era.
"Every design has been iconic in its own right, whether it's been seen on television shows or in the common understanding of the people of Baltimore," said Kowalczyk.
The Police Department has briefed some community groups on the change. Many have embraced it, especially if it helps officers do a better job. The city has significant problems to confront, they said, including more than 190 homicides this year.
"Times are changing. ... You're reaching into the millennial generation, and they're into a more modern and sleek look," said Joyce Green, president of the Central District Police Community Relations Council. "I want something that the officers like that they designed, and they can take pride in. And that should boost anyone's morale."
Black police cars are common in Maryland. Bel Air police are still changing over their fleet since making the shift to black in 2012 after 25 years of white cars with green lettering. Howard County police and Maryland State Police also have black vehicles. Maryland Transportation Authority police switched to black in 1988.
"The primary justification was to achieve a new distinctive look, as the agency was in transition at the time," MdTA police spokesperson Sgt. Jonathan Green said.
Police cars painted primarily white or a combination of white and black have been historically associated with policing. Some research shows those schemes are the easiest to distinguish as related to law enforcement.
Researchers have also studied whether white or black-and-white cars serve as better crime deterrents than other cars in other colors, and have come to differing conclusions.
A 2009 Federal Emergency Management Agency study on the visibility and conspicuousness of emergency vehicles found that "no single particular color" appeared to be the optimal choice for emergency vehicles to be seen under varying conditions.
Mark D. Thomas, professor of cognitive science at Albany State University, researched whether color made any difference as to how fast the mind recognizes a police car.
Black-and-white cars, they said, are the most recognizable police cruisers because the color pattern has been most widely used by agencies. That combination, they said, also sticks out more than other shades.
But they also found the amount of time it takes the mind to recognize black-and-white cars versus all-white cars as police vehicles is less than half a second. The amount of time it takes the mind to recognize a black car as a police vehicle is also probably negligible, they said.
They said many police agencies use either white or a combination with white as the primary color because they believe it better represents "community policing," where officers aim to be visible and easily accessible. State police agencies, whose officers roam highways, often use dark colors, they said, because troopers want to sneak up on speeding motorists.
"If [police[ want something more stealthy, black is more stealthy than white," Thomas said. "But if they want something that will be seen more, especially at night, then they want white."
Baltimore police said they don't believe they'll lose any visibility with the new design.
"I don't think there's going to be anyone mistaking them," Kowalczyk said.
Past efforts to change patrol car colors have backfired. The department dumped the baby-blue scheme partly because many officers and residents felt the cars made police look soft.
In 2001, the department began making the change to black when then-Mayor Martin O'Malley learned of the plan, according to Norris, who was commissioner at the time.
Norris said O'Malley, now governor, demanded the commissioner stop the changeover because they felt black would project an image of a force that was overbearing and intimidating.
Barry Zuckerkorn was the Bluth family's incompetent defense attorney. They attempted to guide the Bluths through George's trial but rarely was on top of the case. They were finally fired by Michael at the end of "The Cabin Show".
Barry has a devious sexual life and has had their own run-ins with the law. They don't have strong friendships in the law community and doesn't have the strongest understanding of California's legal system.
Barry was played by Henry Winkler, otherwise most famous for playing Fonzie on Happy Days. They appeared in 26 episodes of Arrested Development over all four seasons. In the fourth season, a young Barry Zuckerkorn is played in flashbacks by Max Winkler, Henry Winkler's son.
About
Law career
Barry isn't the most informed lawyer. Barry admitted to George that they paid a look-alike named Stuart to take the California Bar examination for him, and that they went to law school in the Virgin Islands.As a young lawyer, they advised Lucille and George that the government can't accuse a husband and wife of the same crime, and that if they hold their meetings on boats in international waters they'll be fine.
Decades passed and the Bluths didn't catch on to their incompetence. They told the Bluths that a $20,000 bond to release George for the Living Classics Pageant was refundable, but it wasn't. ("In God We Trust") At George's arraignment, Barry was caught off guard by the sheer number of crimes George was charged with that they attempted to run away. ("Beef Consommé") They advised the Bluths to steal evidence from Maggie Lizer's house. ("Altar Egos") They advised Michael to lie to the police when they were interrogated. ("Not Without My Daughter")
They accidentally entrapped Michael in a question about their whereabouts. ("The One Where Michael Leaves") They used Ask Jeeves to answer questions about the law ("Queen for a Day") and frequently misbehaved in the courtroom, including spanking Maggie or harassing Loretta. ("Hand to God") Barry takes credit for Michael's divorce, but there was never a divorce -- Tracey Bluth died. ("Out on a Limb") When G.O.B. asked Barry what they were doing at a drag club, Barry said "Wow, you should be the lawyer." ("Motherboy XXX") When Michael fired Barry in Reno, they told Michael that they would have to turn to prostitution because the Bluths were their only client. ("The Cabin Show") They were rehired after the Bluths soured their relationship with their replacement Bob Loblaw.
They wore a maritime costume to try and impress the harbormaster when Lucille was arrested for stealing the RMS Queen Mary and told the Bluths that it was 'good news' that their legal costs would make them a fortune. ("Queen B.") They missed Lucille's first hearing. ("Flight of the Phoenix") They arrived unprepared and completed a child's connect-the-dots during Lucille's trial. ("Queen B.") When P-Hound sued George Michael over Fakeblock, Barry's only advice was taken to the sea!. ("It Gets Better")
Problems with the law
Barry's problems with the law don't stop at their professional ineptitude.  They are late to the Bluth family's hearing because they had their own court date.He is arrested for picking up an undercover officer dressed as a prostitute.He also once ran over Tobias in their car, and ends up in prison for a short amount of time.He also mentions that the L.A. Kings have a lawsuit against him, after they wrongly sue them.
Barry was caught by Maeby trying to sneak into the high school locker room with a stepladder. ("Señoritis") Days later they are seen buying another stepladder while on the phone with George. ("Double Crossers") While on the phone with Michael, they are seen being represented by Bob Loblaw in front of a jury and prosecutor. Hours later they are seen being fingerprinted and photographed at a police station. ("The B. Team")
Professional rivals
Barry's secretary, James Alan Spangler, successfully sued Barry for their anti-gay remarks. James used one of Barry's rivals, Wayne Jarvis, as their legal counsel. ("In God We Trust") Barry and Judge Lionel Ping are not fans of each other and do not enjoy seeing each other in court. ("Beef Consommé") Barry acts extremely unprofessional with Maggie Lizer, including spanking them in court. ("Out on a Limb") Barry is later fired by the Bluth family for Bob Loblaw. ("The Cabin Show") Barry hires Bob Loblaw to represent them when they are charged with sneaking into a high school locker room. ("The B. Team")
Love life
Although Barry flirts with Lucille, their personal life is a bit of a mystery. They made Freudian slips about some inmates at prison. ("In God We Trust") They propositions cross dressing prostitutes ("Altar Egos") and was once arrested for propositioning an undercover police officer. ("Justice Is Blind") They brought a young woman prostitute to the police station to talk with Michael. ("Not Without My Daughter")  They are also known to meet late at night at truck stops, presumably for sex. ("Let 'Em Eat Cake") Barry is proud to admit they enjoy a "hot ding dong" and has asked George Michael to give them a "little tap on the fanny".  They are also the only person to recognize a close-up shot of testicles. ("Sad Sack") Barry purchased the Tobias is Queen Mary nightclub from Tobias, namely for the dungeon area. ("Queen for a Day") Barry mentioned to G.O.B. that they ran into a judge of their divorce hearing at a drag club. ("Motherboy XXX") Barry has winked suggestively at Wayne Jarvis' assistant. ("Missing Kitty") Barry knows L.A. prices for prostitution - $50 for making out - but not Reno prices. They later made out with Tobias for $50. ("The Cabin Show")
Character history
Season one
When they are first incarcerated, George mentions that their attorney told them the government couldn't charge a husband and wife with the same crime. Barry isn't mentioned by name but it was likely him. ("Pilot")
Barry helps the Bluth family get George out of prison for the Living Classics Pageant. They tell them that the $20,000 is refundable, but in the end it is not.("In God We Trust") They help the family prepare for George's arraignment but flees the courtroom when they are frightened by the number of charges. ("Beef Consommé") Barry fails to help the family read the plea deal the government has offered the Bluths. ("Altar Egos") When they find out Michael is sleeping with Maggie, they convince them to snoop in on their evidence. ("Justice Is Blind")
When Kitty goes missing, Barry suggests lying to the police. ("Not Without My Daughter") Barry helps Michael and George prepare for polygraph tests that could either incriminate or free George. ("Let 'Em Eat Cake")
Season two
Barry meets Michael at the police station and informs them that they are not allowed to leave the state. They later runs over a blue Tobias in their car at dusk. ("The One Where Michael Leaves") Maeby asks Barry for advice on how they can emancipate themselves from their parents. ("Good Grief") Tobias helps the Bluth disprove evidence of model homes in Iraq by revealing the photographic evidence is actually a close-up shot of balls. ("Sad Sack") Barry advises the Bluth family to not sell their stocks when some of the shares are unfrozen, but their greed gets the best of them and they ignore him. ("Queen for a Day")
Michael meets with Barry, who is representing Skip Church's Bistro in a legal battle against Loretta and Maggie Lizer over the bistro's unhealthy Skip's Scramble. They find out Loretta is using a fat suit, and tells Michael that Maggie is suing them for patenity. ("Out on a Limb") Barry accuses Loretta of wearing a fat suit in court by pulling up their shirt. This angers Loretta and Judge Ping. ("Hand to God")
When G.O.B. is sued by G.O.B.'s wife for divorce, Barry helps G.O.B. claim that they never had sex and therefore the marriage was never consummated. When G.O.B. brags to everyone in the court about the picture of them naked with their wife, Barry says "well, we lost this one." Barry also helps the Bluth family track down the loose seal that ate Buster's hand. ("Motherboy XXX") Barry accompanies Michael when they sign an affidavit and is arrested for lying about knowing their father's whereabouts. Barry is disappointed when the photographic evidence is not balls. ("Righteous Brothers")
Season three
Michael asks Barry where George has fled to, and Barry informs them that they are in Reno. When Michael finds Barry in Reno posing to be working for the Blue Man Group, they are fired by Michael for their many years of poor service for the Bluth family. They fear they have to turn to prostitution to make money. ("The Cabin Show")
Season four
In the early 1980s Barry and their father Herb Zuckerkorn met with a young Lucille and George Bluth. Barry, who was just back from law school in the Virgin Islands, gave the Bluths terrible legal advice: that a husband and wife can't be arrested for the same crime, that laws broken out at sea can't be punished, and therefore "take to the sea!" (4x2 — "Borderline Personalities") They also said if you don't sign any documents, you'll never be found guilty. Their father sadly sat by and nodded in acceptance. (4x4 — "The B. Team")
On February 10, 2006 after Lucille crashed the RMS Queen Mary Barry met the Bluths at the harbormaster's lodge wearing a "nautical suit" of their own. The harbormaster wasn't as appreciative as Barry hoped he'd be. Barry then broke the good news to George and Lucille: that their legal fees would cost a fortune. (4x2 — "Borderline Personalities") They then told Lucille they needed to come up with a good testimony. They used Buster's tumble off the boat as their excuse for turning the Queen Mary around which led it its' capsizing. (4x10 — "Queen B.")
Months later at George Michael's graduation party Barry admitted that they missed Lucille's first hearing. Michael, upset at Barry's ineptitude recited precise maritime law to which Barry responded "maybe you should be the maritime lawyer." (4x1 — "Flight of the Phoenix") Barry snacked while Lucille coached the Bluths through their responsibilities at the trial, including Buster's star testimony. (4x10 — "Queen B.")
The next year at Lucille's trial held at a seafood restaurant, Barry sat with Lucille while their entire family failed to show up for the trial. The only person who arrived was Lucille Austero so Lucille Bluth decided to cross-examine them themselves while Barry completed a connect-the-dots game. (4x10 — "Queen B.") Lucille was sent to prison and a shocked Buster arrived late to a blasé Barry at the seafood restaurant. (4x14 — "Off the Hook")
Years later in 2012 Maeby found Barry trying to sneak into the locker room of Balboa High School. They told them it is illegal for people over 21 to be near high school. They photographed them and they offered them free legal advice. (4x12 — "Señoritis")
Days later Barry drove down to Father B.'s Colony to tell George they owed $15 million on a balloon payment for their land. They suggested George bribe Herbert Love to start the wall project. Barry then ran into Oscar, and believing them to be George gave the game away about the US/Mexico wall plan. (4x2 — "Borderline Personalities")
The next day George called Barry asking for a way to stop the wall project after learning their land was in Mexico. Barry was buying a stepladder at a hardware store. (4x6 — "Double Crossers") Hours later Barry called Michael to tell them Ron Howard wanted to meet. During the call, Barry was with their lawyer Bob Loblaw at the high school, demonstrating to the jury that they could not reach the knob into the locker room. (4x4 — "The B. Team") After meeting with Ron Howard, Michael called Barry again for advice on getting their father's signature. Barry was being fingerprinted and photographed at a police station. (4x4 — "The B. Team")
Months later George Michael Bluth was represented by Barry while they were being sued by P-Hound, who was represented by Feinberg, Feinberg, Feinberg, and Feinberg, over the initial funding for Fakeblock. (4x13 — "It Gets Better")
Season five
Barry Zuckerkorn appears in Season Five and is released from jail by Michael accidentally. Barry decides to live in George's Winnebago, but when it drives off without him, Barry gets a motorcycle and chases it to Mexico. They also reveal to the Bluths that there is a photo of the staircar in Mexico, with two heads in it--one spikey, one bald.
Trivia
Images
→ See 109 pictures of Barry Zuckerkorn at Images of Barry Zuckerkorn.
Add an image
Appearances
It has been 40 years since Francis Ford Coppola's “The Godfather: Part II” was released on Dec. 20, 1974 and the movie has had a lasting impact.
“Part II" was released two years after the “The Godfather: Part I” and it is widely considered the best sequel of all time. To some, the sequel even surpasses the original. “The Godfather: Part III” would come in 1990, but the third time was not quite the charm.
The sequel focused on Michael Corleone, played by Al Pacino, as they attempted to expand their family business into a then-brand new playground called Las Vegas. The film included flashbacks to the early 1900s, showing the rise to power of a young Vito Corleone, played by a little-known actor named Robert De Niro. In Part I, the Vito Corleone character was played by the iconic Marlon Brando.
40th Anniversary of ‘The Godfather'
See Inside 'The Godfather' Home Up For Sale
Here are some fun facts that you may not have known about “Part II” on its 40th anniversary:
1. De Niro, the Method Actor
To prepare for their role as Vito Corleone, De Niro, lived in Sicily and learned the Italian dialect. Nearly all of De Niro's dialogue in the film was in Sicilian.
2. De Niro Was Almost Cast in the Original
De Niro auditioned for the role of Sonny Corleone in the original “Godfather.” De Niro's audition tape is like watching poetry in motion. Various versions of the audition are on YouTube and worth a watch. The role of Sonny eventually went to James Caan, who made a cameo in a flashback in the final scene of the sequel even though they were killed in the original.
The famous flashback scene at the end of “Part II” was also supposed to include a small cameo from Brando. Brando didn't show up on the day of filming because of legal issues and problems between the actor and Paramount.
3. The Brando-De Niro Connection
Brando and De Niro are the only two actors to ever win separate Oscars for playing the same character. Brando won Best Actor for “The Godfather” while De Niro won Best Supporting Actor in “Part II.”
4. Sequels Get No Love From Oscar
Speaking of Oscars, "Part II” is the first sequel to win the Oscar for Best Picture. This feat would not be repeated until 2004 when the award was given to “The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.”
5. Martin Scorsese Was This Close to Becoming Director
Coppola originally didn't want to direct a sequel because of a tenuous relationship with Paramount during the filming of the original, according to the Oscar-winning director. In the commentary for “The Godfather DVD Collection,” Coppola revealed they recommended Martin Scorsese to direct the film.
6. Offer Pacino Couldn't Refuse
Pacino was paid $600,000 for their role in the sequel. Not bad for the time, but when you consider their salary for Part I -– a measly $35,000 -– it shows you how much Pacino's stock rose in such a short time.
7. Best Adapted Screenplay?
“Part II” won the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay even though only half the script was actually adapted. The story of Michael Corleone was written specifically for the film while the story of Vito Corleone came from "The Godfather novel" written by Mario Puzo, which was published in 1969.
8. 'Part II' Got Off to a Rough Start
Coppola later revealed in another documentary that “Part II” didn't test well in previews leading up to its release. The issue was the cutting back and forth to Michael Corleone's storyline and the flashback scenes with the young Vito Corleone. Coppola and their editors worked in the cutting room to make the narrative flow better up until the film was released nationwide.
A proposal by Elon Musk's SpaceX to fuel its rockets while astronauts are aboard poses safety risks, a group of space industry experts that advises NASA has told the U.S. space agency.
"This is a hazardous operation," Space Station Advisory Committee Chairman Thomas Stafford, a former NASA astronaut and retired Air Force general, said during a conference call on Monday.
Stafford said the group's concerns were heightened after an explosion of an unmanned SpaceX rocket while it was being fuelled on Sept. 1.
Causes of that explosion remain under investigation.
Members of the eight-member group, including veterans of NASA's Gemini, Apollo and space shuttle programs, noted that all previous rockets carrying people into space were fuelled before astronauts got to the launch pad.
"Everybody there, and particularly the people who had experience over the years, said nobody is ever near the pad when they fuel a booster," Stafford said, referring to an earlier briefing the group had about SpaceX's proposed fuelling procedure.
SpaceX needs NASA approval of its launch system before it can put astronauts into space.
NASA said on Tuesday it was "continuing its evaluation of the SpaceX concept for fuelling the Falcon 9 for commercial crew launches. The results of the company's Sept. 1 mishap investigation will be incorporated into NASA's evaluation."
SpaceX said it is developing its human launch operations "hand-in-hand" with NASA and has spent 18 months identifying potential hazards and how to handle them.
SpaceX, owned and run by technology entrepreneur and Tesla Motors Inc CEO Musk, said it would re-evaluate its fuelling system and launch processes depending on results of the accident investigation.
On Friday, SpaceX said it believes a fuelling system issue caused a pressurized container of helium inside the rocket's upper stage to burst on Sept. 1, triggering a fireball that destroyed the booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite it was to carry.
SpaceX uses extremely cold liquid propellants loaded just prior to blastoff to increase the rocket's power so it can fly back to Earth and be reused.
SpaceX's passenger spaceships, expected to begin flying in 2018, will be outfitted with an emergency escape system that can fly the capsule away from a failing rocket before or during launch.
NASA, which retired its shuttles in 2011, hired SpaceX and Boeing to fly crews to the space station. Until then, astronauts have been flying on Russian Soyuz capsules, at a cost exceeding $70 million per person.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton shut down questions from State Rep. Katherine Prudhomme-O'Brien (R) about Bill Clinton's sexual history at an event in Derry, N.H., on Jan. 3. This comes days after Republican contender Donald Trump spoke about their misconduct. (Reuters)
DERRY, N.H. — One day before former president Bill Clinton arrives in New Hampshire to campaign for their wife, Hillary Clinton, they were confronted with questions about allegations involving their sexual history at a town hall meeting in the state on Sunday.
State Rep. Katherine Prudhomme-O'Brien (R) repeatedly interrupted Clinton during the meeting, which was held in a middle school gymnasium.
Prudhomme-O'Brien has for years followed the former first lady, peppering them with questions about allegations of past sexual misconduct by Bill Clinton. The state lawmaker's outbursts startled an otherwise friendly and even-tempered town hall audience. It is unclear whether Clinton was able to hear them comments.
After Prudhomme-O'Brien's third interruption, Clinton responded angrily: "You are very rude, and I'm not ever going to call on you."
Later, Prudhomme-O'Brien told reporters that they wanted to raise the issue of Bill Clinton's alleged sexual misconduct and was incensed by "the hypocrisy of the so-called women fighting for women."
Rep's name is Katherin Prudhomme O'Brien and they have tried questioning Hillary Clinton abt Juanita Broaddrick before https://t.co/BJuT7rF0rr — Abby D. Phillip (@abbydphillip) January 3, 2016
The allegations of misconduct that have swirled around the former president for years have reemerged in the campaign recently, thanks to GOP business person Donald Trump, who has said that those allegations are fair game on the campaign trail.
DENVER—Hijacking a user's webcam is one of the more dastardly tactics used for surveillance. In most cases the attacker can use a number of different webcam-aware malware samples to quietly turn on and record audio and video from the target's machine.
Doing so, however, also turns on the embedded LED light that signals the webcam has been activated, a clear hint to the user that something could be amiss if this behavior is unexpected.
Mac security expert and Synack director of research Patrick Wardle presented a new capability on Thursday at Virus Bulletin 2016 that can be abused in legitimate macOS processes that could allow an attacker to piggyback onto the webcam when legitimate sessions are initiated by the user over Skype, FaceTime or Google Hangouts. By hitching a ride on the webcam, not only is the attacker spying on, for example, a sensitive conversation between business partners or friends, but is doing so without the need for stealth—or raising concerns with a mysteriously activated LED indicator.
In response, Wardle yesterday released a tool called OverSight that monitors for the internal macOS processes that manage the webcam and microphone, and alerts a user when one of these processes accesses these services. The user can then make a choice to either allow or block the session to continue.
“It can detect when the internal microphone and camera are activated, but more importantly, it can identify who is using the camera process and tell if any secondary process is piggybacking along,” Wardle said. “When it detects this, it generates an alert that allows the user to block, and it also logs it to Syslog so that in a corporate environment, an admin can pull and analyze the logs.”
Wardle, who has released a bevy of free Mac security tools in the last two years, said the emergence of Mac-related malware samples such as Eleanor, Crisis and Mokes, all of which are spy programs for the Mac platform, prompted them to devote time to research in this area.
Eleanor and Mokes were the latest samples to be disclosed this summer by researchers at Bitdefender and Kaspersky Lab, respectively. Eleanor is a nasty backdoor that creates a Tor hidden service and allows an attacker to remotely control a compromised machine—and this includes audio and video monitoring. Wardle said it also shipped with the Wacaw open source command-line utility that allows for the capture of pictures and video. Mokes, meanwhile, is also a backdoor designed to steal data, images, audio and video from compromised Apple, Windows and Linux machines.
“We've seen the recent trends of Mac malware interested in recording what users are doing,” Wardle said.
The key, they said, is the legitimate activation of the LED light, which in some extreme cases can be disabled by an attacker with physical access who can reprogram the firmware managing these processes. Apple, Wardle said, has taken steps to reduce this risk by isolating these processes making it much more difficult to hack.
The key for newer malware is to know when the user has initiated a webcam session, for example. Malware examined by Wardle from the Hacking Team leak in July 2015 showed how the malicious code was finding and enumerating camera-related processes through the use of the AV Foundation framework from Apple. Through this framework, the attacker can enumerate these processes and register for notifications through the Apple CoreMediaIO Device Abstraction Layer as to when webcam sessions begin and end, so as to know when to start and stop recordings.
“These sessions are the most interesting things malware should be recording, rather than recording all day long,” Wardle said. “It waits until the user initiates a legitimate session that involves the webcam. When the malware detects it, it begins recording and exfiltrates the data. It doesn't require root to pull this off, and the LED is on, so there's no indication that the malware has piggybacked into the stream.”
Wardle said that Oversight can detect the initial and subsequent processes. Alerts presented to the user contain the name of the process, i.e., OSX/Mokes, and presents the user with the option to block it.
This article was updated Oct. 7 with clarifications.
TARTAN DEVILS OAK AVALON FC (Pittsburgh, PA) 1
DERBY CITY ROVERS (Louisville, KY) 1
TARTAN DEVILS OAK AVALON WIN ON PENALTIES
Summary of Penalties:
After both teams missed one PK each in the first two rounds — both teams made their in the 3rd and 4th shots setting up the stage for Greg Fischer‘s attempt in the 5th round of kicks for the Rovers.
The shot banged off the bar — and over. This set up the stage for the Pittsburgh amateur club, which was formed only three years ago while sitting around at Pipers Pub, to advance to the 2nd round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup.
That set the stage for Travis Mackenzie — and the former Char Valley, Duquense and Riverhounds standout put it through to clinch the win for the Tartan Devils who advance to the second round.
The Devils will now host Louisville City FC at Highmark Stadium on Wednesday, May 17. Time to be announced later.
GAME PLAY-BY-PLAY
10:10 p.m. 2nd OT ends — we're going to PKs!
Devils had to fend off a lot of balls into the box. Have to be at least 10 headers in the final 15-20 minutes of action. They're defending well.
9:52 End of 1st OT. Lots of guys stretching
9:51 As first period of extra time ends, @ TartanDevilsFC having to defend their hearts out. Doublette surrounded by red shirts – can't get shot
9:50 Devils lose ball near middle of field — and Rovers counter — ball into box and Varga comes out sliding to deny shot 105′ 1-1 # USOC2017
9:47 Devils with nice chance — T. Mackenzie delivers clever through ball from midfield to Solis — but Rovers defender does nice job to deny shot.
9:40 Few minutes into extra time — Rovers trying to re-establish possession, but Devils staying organized.
9:26 Whistle blows. End of Regulation. We're now getting Extra Time — two 15 minute periods. What an effort by the Tartan Devils keep hanging around — tilt the momentum — then tget the equalizer.
9:24 After Rovers advance it in to final third, but only can manage a high header that Varga grabs. Devils counter and set up free kick. After delay — try to sneak kick to right of goal but Rovers clear it away.
9:21 GOAL TARTAN DEVILS FC — in the 89th minute!!
Free kick lined to the far post area on the left side — and Robert Heuler heads it in!!
Yellow card issue to Kang. Devils free kick from 28 yards. 88′
9:19 Goal by Rovers waved off. Nice bit of possession — leads to chip by Tashiro
9:14 as we hit 80′ it's been mostly Devils with the foot on the gas — applying all kinds of pressure. Can they get the equalizer??
9:12 Another Corner kick opportunity for Devils — and there's a big time scrum in front of goal. Looks like Durbin came up with it. That was very close.
9:10 Couple of great chances for Devils. Corner kick — header saved by Durbin. Solis fouled — Then Travis Mackenzie tries to bend it with left foot — but it goes over right corner
76′
9:05 Ryan Hueler came in earlier too — I must have missed that one. Devils have used all their subs at this point. These are the 11 that will have to carry them to the finish. (72′)
9:01 Clarified that Turnley came in for Ryan Brode. Devils have one sub left.
Rovers also brought in Yojoon Kang — not sure if he's any relations to Jung Ho.
8:57 After smoke clears, referee issues Solis with yellow card.
8:56 Devils get a free kick — ball in box to far post — and then crazy sequence — on they get three headers on ball — then scrum in front of Durbin. But GK gets it. Then LOTS of pushing and shoving again. The boys from Pittsburgh not backing down.
Tyler Solis and Justin Turnley have entered the game. I believe McCormick is off, not sure who else.
8:52 Free kick for Rovers — nice ball to far post area and Varga collides HARD with Doublette. Devils and Travis Mackenzie wanted a foul called — pleading with officials.
8:51 Ibrahkimkadic corner goes into very crowded near post area of box, and ball squirts away.
8:47 Consecutive through balls for Devils but Travis Mackenzie called offside each time.
8:43 Devils give ball away playing ball back. Doublette lays it off to Thomas but shot goes over bar. Doublette then gets another shot from top of the box that Varga punches away to the right of goal. Danger averted for Devils.
8:42 Rovers force corner – as Doublette takes it deep to end line – but it's cleared away by Devils.
8:41 2nd half now underway here — as @TartanDevilsFC get a great ball in from Luffy to T. Mackenizie, but GK Durbin grabs ball in box
8:25 HALFTIME — 1-0
Igor Ibrahkimkadic with game's lone goal.
Devils settled down after feeling lot of pressure in first 10 minutes. Still, will have to generate better scoring chances in 2nd half to get the equalizer.
8:23 Vukoder gets into the act for Devils, takes low shot from left side — about 30 yards out — and easily collected by Rovers keeper Durbin.
8:22 Sam Luffy tries to go around a few Rovers on right side, but goes down.
8:20 Ryan Brode, comes up from left back to send shot from distance for Devils that goes 10 feet over bar.
8:19 Corner for Rovers as Devils try to clear ball played to end line. It's cleared away by Devils. We're at the 40th minute mark now.
8:15 Doublette fouled — free kick in box. Ibrahkimkadic drills it low to left but Varga with nice extension save.
8:11 McCormick gets a finger in the eye. Inadvertent. He's not happy with the no call though.
8:02 Things getting chippy now. Annan gets fouled by Igor Ibrahkimkadic — and then I believe it was Travis Mackenzie comes over an pushes Ibrahkimkadic. Devils can't do much with free kick opportunity — as there's a lot of pushing and shoving in the box.
8:00 Devils tilting things a bit — with a few more possessions into final third. Can't get any shots though.
7:55 Tartan Devils respond with chance of their own (15′). McCormick beats defender to ball played back, and nearly sneaks it past keeper but misses shot to the right of post.
7:52 GOAL 1-0 Rovers (12′). Nice diagonal thru ball from Thomas slices through to Igor Ibrahkimkadic — who finishes with grass-cutting shot from right side of box.
7:44 p.m. Rovers with most of the early chances already. One cross in that Varga had no problem with. Then Corey Thomas with ball near feet, went down in box, but no call despite pleas from fans.
7:39 p.m. After a brief delay — as officials wanted to make sure net was secure — we're off!
PRE-GAME NOTES
7:32 p.m. Line-ups announced and we're just about ready to go.
Devils wearing traditional Red tops with black shorts and socks. Rovers Blue tops, back shorts and white socks.
7:27 p.m. Teams getting ready to take the field.
Not a bad sized crowd here. The Coopers' — Louisville City's Supporters Group has some members here to cheer on the Rovers.
6:41 p.m. Here's your starting line-ups
Tartan Devils Oak Avalon
Zach Varga (G)
Gregory Annan, Daniel Braun, Ryan Brode, Matthew Fonagy, Andy Kalas, Samuel Luffy, Derek Mackenize, Travis Mackenzie, E.J. McCormick, Tyler Vukoder
(Reserves: Tyler Solis, Justin Turnley, Robert Heuler)
Derby City Rovers
Sean Brooks, Kenny Doublette, Wyatt Durbin, Greg Fischer, Moustapha Fofana, David Ibrahkimkadic, Igor Ibrahkimkadic, Joey Kunkel, Jean-Phillipe Rutabayiro, Yudai Tashiro, Cory Thomas
(Reserves: Jack Fasteen, George Mason, Yoojun Kang, Geongmyeong Kim, Brett Royster)
6:30 p.m. Apparently, an angry mom in front of us, near press box letting other Derby City fans and supporters know that she's not happy that their son is not playing tonight.
6:20 p.m. I had a chance to get in some touches on the field, warming up with some of the Tartan Devils supporters and family members who made the trip.
In case you missed it…
Here's my game preview: TARTAN DEVILS OAK AVALON US OPEN QUEST BEGINS IN LOUISVILLE AREA
Although there have been a few outlets that have been promoting a live stream for the game, it appears that there will NOT BE A LIVE STREAM FOR THIS GAME.
5:49 p.m. The Tartan Devils Oak Avalon have crossed the Ohio River Bridges Downtown Crossing — and are now in Indiana, after leaving hotel in Louisville.
It's a warm and muggy evening. While thunderstorms were potentially in the forecast, it looks like it's clear, and we should be able to get this game in.
12:15 p.m. Neither team has ever won a U.S. Open Cup match.
A few Tartan Devils players, along with team club president John Battersby and Pittsburgh soccer icon, Dave Mackenzie, father of Travis and Derek, are sitting around the hotel going over and seeing opponents roster — some for the first time.
Derby City Rovers are indeed a young squad from looking at their roster…
10:30 a.m. — Morning Notes…
This is the first-ever appearance for Pittsburgh-based Tartan Devils Oak Avalon in the first round, while the Rovers fell to the Dayton Dutch Lions in the first-round of the 2013 tournament.
Here's some of the breakdown of what you might want to know regarding U.S. Open Cup history and other information for both teams.
BROADCAST: TBA
If Tartan Devils win … home (@Highmark Stadium, Pittsburgh) vs. Louisville City (USL) on May 17
If Derby City wins … at Louisville City (USL) on May 17
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pocket
WhatsApp
Related
John Krysinsky has covered soccer and other sports for many years for various publications and media outlets including Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, DK Pittsburgh Sports, Pittsburgh Sports Report, and more. Krysinsky also served as the Head Men's Soccer Coach at their alma mater, Point Park University, where they led the Pioneers to the first-ever winning seasons and playoff berths (1996-98); head coach of North Catholic boys (2007-08), associate head coach of Shady Side Academy boys (2009-2014).
Overall: 0-0-0 | Home: 0-0-0 | Away: 0-0-0 | vs. Amateur: 0-0-0Last entry: N/A (First entry)Best finish: N/A (First entry)Overall: 0-1-0 | Home: 0-0-0 | Away: 0-1-0 | vs. Amateur: 0-0-0Last entry: 2013 (Lost 3-0 at Dayton Dutch Lions of USL in Round 1)Best finish: 2013 First Round (Lost 3-0 at Dayton Dutch Lions of USL)
A police vehicle is seen a poster with a photo of drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman offering a reward of 60 million Mexican pesos for information along a street in Mexico City July 16, 2015. REUTERS/Henry Romero
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - The world's most-wanted drug boss, Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzman, narrowly evaded security forces searching for them in the northwest of Mexico in recent days, sustaining injuries to their face and leg, the Mexican government said on Friday.
Guzman, the head of the Sinaloa drug cartel, escaped from their high-security prison cell in July through a specially dug tunnel, causing a major embarrassment for Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto.
In a statement, the Mexican government said it had worked with international agencies to capture Guzman, and that in recent weeks, efforts had been focused on the northwest of the country, not far from Guzman's native turf of Sinaloa state.
“As a result of these actions, and to avoid their capture, in recent days, the fugitive engaged in a hasty retreat, which, according to the information received, caused them injuries to one leg and the face,” the government statement said.
“It's important to clarify that these injuries were not a product of a direct clash,” the statement added, without giving further information.
In August, the acting head of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said the U.S. government believed Guzman was still in Mexico.
Chinese researchers are benefiting as the government looks to science to lead the economic transition to become a world-leader in the production of high-value technology.
Researchers work on the development of China's first large passenger jet at Tianjin University, a partner in one of the first collaborative research centres. Image: VCG via Getty Images
In a world of mobile devices, incremental improvements in the size, sustainability and efficiency of battery technology can have considerable economic ramifications. The global battery market is forecast to be worth US$120 billion a year by 2019, and the competition to lead the science is fierce.
Chemist Jun Chen knows this well. Their group at Nankai University in Tianjin attracted attention after it successfully created a rechargeable sodium–carbon dioxide battery in late 2015 (X. Hu et al. Angew. Chem. 55, 6482–6486; 2016). In principle, Na–CO 2 batteries are more energy efficient than lithium-based rechargeable power packs, as well as cheaper because of the abundance of sodium and CO 2 . But the performance of previous Na–CO 2 batteries had been disappointing: the electrochemical reaction caused solid deposits to form on the cathode, preventing recharge. Chen's team overcame this by creating a cathode from a 3D carbon nanotube structure. The result was a battery with an energy density more than five times that of the lithium (Li)-ion batteries, widely used in mobile devices and nickel–metal hydride batteries, and with the ability to be recharged 200 times without any reduction in storage capacity.
Chen is the chief investigator for energy conversion and storage research at the Collaborative Innovation Center of Chemical Science and Engineering (CICCSE), a partnership between Nankai University and Tianjin University. The government-funded centre is designed to link science with industry for the benefit of the economy, and is one of 38 collaborative innovation centres (CICs) established across the country since 2012. CICCSE is now home to 385 researchers drawn from academia and industry, most of whom are affiliated with the 2 universities.
Collaboration hubs
In response to a weakening low-cost manufacturing market, in 2011 then-Chinese president Hu Jintao's pushed to embed science in the Chinese economy. They called for greater collaboration between the country's top research groups and between science and industry. The CICs grew out of what became known as the 2011 Plan, and focus on fields ranging from aerospace and quantum technology to medicine and advanced materials. The links formed can be domestic or international and are frequently both.
By exploiting the multidisciplinary nature of universities, the centres are intended to overcome some of the challenges to innovation that remain in China, including scattered resources and inefficient research planning. Jiannian Yao, a director of CICCSE and vice-president of China's science funding body for competitive grants, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, says that the centres foster cooperation between researchers and strengthen national innovation capacity and competitiveness. Yao compares the centres to other government-led collaborations such as the Australian Research Council's Centres of Excellence, Millennium Science Initiative in South America and Japan's World Premier International Research Center Initiative.
CICs with a focus on natural science and engineering also act as hubs for the promotion of industry partnerships. These centres receive generous funding from the government — the CICCSE receives around 50 million yuan (US$7.5 million) each year — as well as flexibility in the selection of research projects and the recruitment of scientists (unusual freedoms within government programmes in China, according to Chen).
Cong Cao, a science-policy analyst at the University of Nottingham in Ningbo, says that the “new normal” of the Chinese economy, referring to slowed growth, means that the government has had to look to science and technology, with programmes such as the CICs, as the way to restore dynamism.
Forming partnerships
In 2007, the Progress of Science and Technology Law was passed. The law, which is often referred to as the Chinese Bayh–Dole Act — a celebrated 1980s US patent-rights law credited with accelerating US industrial innovation — enables the intellectual property generated by government-funded research to be commercialized by the research group that does the investigation. The law has made it much easier for research institutions such as Chen's to benefit from the work their researchers are doing. In the seven years after the enactment of the law, the number of domestic patents awarded to Chinese researchers increased more than five-fold.
The legislation has also made research partnerships between universities and industry more attractive for both sides.
Over the past four years in particular, Cao says, the Chinese government has introduced a range of policies “to emphasize innovation and reform of China's science and technology system to make it better and quicker to respond to demand from the economy”. This includes the launch of the thirteenth Five Year Plan in 2015, which put innovation in science and technology at the centre of China's development.
And following Premier Li Keqiang's annual address to the National People's Congress in March, there have been further efforts to encourage co-operation between science and industry. Speaking to the 2,943 delegates in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, Li echoed what President Xi Jinping had outlined in the Five Year Plan, using the word 'innovation' more than 50 times. The speech also included promises of new national science and technology programmes and science centres. By 2020, said Li, science and technology will account for 60% of the nation's economic growth.
“We will implement the strategy of innovation-driven development, see that science and technology become more deeply embedded in the economy, and improve the overall quality and competitiveness of the real economy,” Li said.
The government promised tax deductions for companies undertaking research and development; and, since the speech, it has begun efforts to substantially reduce the notorious red tape associated with government funding for research and to increase the income that Chinese scientists can receive for working on government-funded projects.
Back at the CICCSE, Chen and their colleagues have secured a Chinese patent on their battery technology, one of 339 patents awarded to the centre's projects up until the end of 2015. They are now working on adjustments to scale the technology up and overcome the need for a pure CO 2 environment. Chen expects to have an improved version in production in about two years. Chen's group is also collaborating with Tianjin-based Li-ion battery developer Lishen and with electronics manufacturer Samsung, on improvements to Li-ion batteries for devices such as electric cars.
Premier Li Keqiang used 'innovation' 50 times in their address to the National People's Congress. Image: Reuters/Kim Kyung-Hoon
The CICCSE, like other centres, works with industry in three ways: companies are founding members of the centres and are represented on the board, Chinese petroleum giant Sinopec and the Tianjin Bohai Chemical Industry Group both have representatives on the CICCSE board, for example; the centre's researchers do joint research with industry on major national issues; and the companies fund research projects.
Sinopec is currently funding research to improve hydrogen production for use in fuel processing and the chemical industry. The project is using nanofabrication techniques to increase the stability of nickel-based catalysts, which are used in the methane-steam reforming process to create hydrogen. The greater stability increases the efficiency so that alternative fuels such as ethanol can be used. The hydrogen can then be used to refine petroleum, particularly heavier crude oils. When complete, Sinopec will implement the new technology in a number of its fuel-processing plants.
Yao says that another project has already seen crystallization technology developed by CICCSE researchers adopted by the pharmaceutical industry and increase revenue by nearly 4 billion yuan.
Uncertain future
Despite such success stories, there is concern that science is not yet playing a part in the Chinese economy in the way that Hu Jintao had hoped. There have been lots of the incremental improvements, but not yet an innovation that changes the market. Initiatives aimed at encouraging more innovation are beginning to show signs of success. The government says that there are now at least 81 million people in China who work in science and technology. But researchers and analysts say there is no guarantee that even successful programmes will continue without substantial change.
Cong says that the nature of Chinese science policy means that change is never far away. Based on Li's statements at the 2016 National People's Congress, the 38 CICs are unlikely to be immune. The Ministry of Education may already be trying to put the premier's words into practice, says Cong. This means that “there could soon be different programmes put into place”, they say.
For now the CICCSE is still receiving strong support from the ministry, which is responsible for the CIC programme. But Yao agrees that there is a risk that new policies, such as those put forward at this year's National People's Congress, and President Xi Jinping's efforts to create their own policy legacy, could mean the programme is superseded or significantly altered in coming years. This may not signal an end to the support for existing centres, but it could mean the central government introduces an updated version, perhaps rebranding the CICs as national laboratories.
“The assessment of CICs should focus on how well the expected objectives are achieved.”
“The assessment of CICs should focus on how well the expected objectives are achieved; in other words, how well the centres address the major issues in science, technology and economic development,” says Yao. Yao is confident about CICCSE's future. By the end of 2015, they point out, the centres' researchers boasted not only hundreds of patents but also 295 contributions to high-quality journals.
The move towards better collaboration between academics and industry in the hope of creating stronger links between science and economic and social needs has been occurring around the world over the past decade. After less than five years, it is still early days for China's experiment. But signs indicate that the country is on a promising path.
Author information Affiliations Annabel McGilvray is a freelance science writer based in Sydney, Australia. Annabel McGilvray Authors Search for Annabel McGilvray in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
The super-friendly folks at Chinese computer company Chuwi just poked me with news that the Chuwi LapBook 12.3 is now available on GearBest at a reduced price for a limited time only.
The Chuwi Lapbook 12.3 is a 12.3-inch laptop with 2K IPS display (2736×1824), Intel N3450 (Apollo Lake) processor, 6GB of RAM and 64GB of eMMC storage.
But before you rush out to snap one up I need to make a few things clear.
Firstly, I have never ordered so much as a novelty USB vacuum cleaner from GearBest.
Anecdotally, from reading around, the site seems reputable enough. However, I make no promises on that front. If you have used them in the past please do share your experience in the comments to help inform other readers.
Secondly, although Chuwi say in their press release that “today [the device] officially becomes a dual boot system device by running on Ubuntu too” it'd be remiss of me not to point out that the device doesn't actually come with Ubuntu pre-loaded. Instead, the Chuwi Lapbook 12.3 is sold with Windows 10 Home edition; you have to install Ubuntu yourself.
This is a shame as the company had previously intimated that a choice of OS would be offered.
To repeat: you cannot buy the device with Ubuntu preloaded. Chuwi simply say that you can replace Windows 10 and install Ubuntu on it.
Now, the cynic in me sort of wants to scoff because, honestly, most Intel-based Laptops “support Ubuntu” in this way (or more accurately the Linux kernel supports the laptop's hardware)
But, to be fair, Chuwi has chosen to make a lot of noise about this device being able to support Ubuntu, which they didn't have to do. They even forwarded an image (presumably a composite) of Ubuntu running on the device:
The Chuwi LapBook 14.1 model (which has the same core internal specs as the 12.3) with Ubuntu 17.04 (Linux Kernel 4.10) seems to work very well.
And given the relatively low cost — less than £250/$309 at the time of writing, with free shipping — it could be a canny purchase for anyone in the market for a thin, metal, high-res portable with decent battery life and decent Linux support.
You can learn more about the device on the Chuwi website or on the GearBest store listing, which we've linked below.
View the Chuwi LapBook 12.3 Promotion on GearBest
For the avoidance of doubt: none of the links in this post are affiliate links; we are not being compensated for featuring this product or linking to it. You can refer to omgubuntu.co.uk/ethics for more information.
A recap of the core Chspecs:
CLOSE Apple shares are down 7% after they released disappointing March quarter results.
In this Sept. 9, 2015, photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6S during an Apple media event in San Francisco. (Photo11: Josh Edelson, AFP/Getty Images)
SAN FRANCISCO — Apple's streak of iPhone-powered sales ended Tuesday when the company reported its first quarterly sales drop in more than a decade.
The news sent Apple's (AAPL) stock into a tailspin with shares plunging 6.5% to $97.55 in late trading Wednesday.
CEO Tim Cook signaled a saturated smartphone market would keep a lid on sales, although they suggested the company's new entry-level smartphone, the SE, promised to eventually goose sales among Android switchers and in emerging markets such as China and India.
"The SE is attracting two types of customers, who want the latest tech in a more compact package, and there are more than we thought in that category. And those who want an iPhone but couldn't afford the entry price (before)," Cook told analysts. "We're excited where this can take us."
Sales dropped 13% to $50.6 billion Apple said late Tuesday. Profits were $10.5 billion, or $1.90 per diluted share, down 22% from $13.6 billion ($2.33 per diluted share) last year.
Analysts polled by S&P Global Market Intelligence expected sales of $52 billion and a profit of $2 per share.
The disappointing quarter can be summed up in two words: iPhone sales. Apple sold 51.2 million in the quarter, down 16% from the same period a year ago. It's the first year-over-year decline in Apple's franchise product since it debuted in 2007.
"The company relies on iPhone sales not only for profit but also to extend their ecosystem," says Gartner analyst Brian Blau. "By any measure a $10 billion profit in a quarter would be great performance, but for Apple that high level is simply getting by."
Cook signaled that the company remains optimistic about its ability to capture new customers in emerging markets. In China, Apple has now opened 35 stores and expects to open five more in the coming months, Cook said on the analyst call. In India, the gradual adoption of high-speed LTE networks will "unleash the power and capability of the iPhone in the way a 2G network would not do."
Apple's first year-over-year quarterly sales decline since 2003 hammered its stock in after-hours trading Tuesday and fell further as CEO Tim Cook and other analysts talked. (Apple announced its results after markets closed.)
Apple did have some good news for investors. The company's board approved a $50 billion increase to the capital-return program for shareholders. The world's most valuable public company plans to spend an aggregate of $250 billion in cash by March 2018.
Separately, the board said it was increasing its quarterly dividend 10%.
The bumpy second-quarter results could be the start of a rocky ride for the iconic company, which faces tough year-over-year comparisons in the June and September quarters, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence.
Apple said Tuesday it forecasts $41 billion to $43 billion in fiscal third-quarter sales, far short of Wall Street estimates of $47.3 billion. Consumers have not snapped up the latest iPhones, the 6S and 6S Plus, because they aren't much different from previous models, analysts say.
Things should pick up in the December quarter, analysts predict, after the expected release of what could be an iPhone 7 in early September.
Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief @jswartz on Twitter and tech reporter Marco della Cava @marcodellacava.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SyChj4
For the opera, see The Oprichnik
Oprichnik (Russian: опри́чник, IPA: [ɐˈprʲitɕnʲɪk], man aside; plural Oprichniki) was the term given to a member of the Oprichnina, an organization established by Tsar Ivan the Terrible to govern a division of Russia from 1565 to 1572. Some scholars believe that Ivan's second wife, the Circassian Maria Temryukovna, first had the idea of forming the organization.[1] This theory comes from Heinrich von Staden, a German oprichnik.[citation needed] Maria Temryukovna's brother also became a leading oprichnik.[citation needed]
The Oprichniki were required to swear an oath of allegiance:
I swear to be true to the Lord, Grand Prince, and their realm, to the young Grand Princes, and to the Grand Princess, and not to maintain silence about any evil that I may know or have heard or may hear which is being contemplated against the Tsar, their realms, the young princes or the Tsaritsa. I swear also not to eat or drink with the zemschina, and not to have anything in common with them. On this I kiss the cross.[2]
Description [ edit ]
Modern theories suggest that the motivating purpose for the organization and existence of the Oprichniki was to oppress people or groups opposed to the Tsar. Known to ride black horses and led by Ivan himself, the group was known to terrorize civilian populations. Sometimes called the "Tsar's Dogs"[by whom?] because of their actions and blind loyalty,[citation needed] they dressed in black garb, similar to a monastic habit, bearing the insignia of a severed dog's head (to sniff out treason and enemies of the Tsar) and a broom (to sweep them away). The dog's head was also symbolic of "nipping at the heels of the Tsar's enemies".[citation needed]
The Oprichniki were ordered to execute anyone disloyal to Ivan and used various methods of torture to do so, including tying each limb to a different horse and riding in opposite directions, death by boiling,[citation needed] impalement, and roasting victims tied to poles over an open fire.[citation needed]
When Ivan declared themselves the "Hand of God", they selected 300 of the Oprichniki to be their personal "brotherhood" and live in their castle at Aleksandrovskaia Sloboda near Vladimir. At 4 a.m., these select Oprichniki attended a sermon given by Ivan, then performed the day's ritual executions. The Oprichniki sought to lead an externally ascetic lifestyle, like the monks they emulated, but it was punctuated by acts of cruelty and debauchery. Ivan sang while their Oprichniki ate, eating only when they had finished. At 9 p.m. they went to bed, listening to stories told by three blind men.[citation needed]
In the Novgorod incident, the Oprichniks killed an estimated 1500 "big people" (nobles), although the actual number of victims is unknown.[3] By 1572, the Oprichnik had become a destabilizing force and were disbanded by Ivan. It became a capital offense to say or discuss "Oprichnina".[citation needed]
Appearances in modern media [ edit ]
The Oprichnik by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, 1911) The street in the town: people fleeing at the arrival of the Oprichniki (set to the operaby Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, 1911)
Andrea Schankman's three-year relationship with their insurer, Coventry Health Care of Missouri, has been contentious, with disputes over what treatments it would pay for. Nonetheless, like other Missourians, Schankman was unnerved to receive a notice from Coventry last month informing them that their policy was not being offered in 2017.
With their specialists spread across different health systems in St. Louis, Schankman, a 64-year-old art consultant and interior designer, said they fear they may not be able to keep them all, given the shrinking offerings on Missouri's health insurance marketplace.
In addition to Aetna (AET), which owns Coventry, paring back its policies, UnitedHealthcare (UNH) is abandoning the market. The doctor and hospital networks for the remaining insurers will not be revealed until the enrollment period for people buying individual insurance begins Nov. 1.
"We're all sitting waiting to see what they're going to offer," said Schankman, who lives in the village of Westwood. "A lot of [insurance] companies are just gone. It's such a rush-rush-rush no one can possibly know they're getting the right policy for themselves."
Doctor and hospital switching has become a recurring scramble as consumers on the individual market find it difficult or impossible to stay on their same plans amid rising premiums and a revolving door of carriers willing to sell policies. The instability, which preceded the health law, is intensifying in the fourth year of the Obamacare exchanges for people buying insurance directly instead of through an employer.
Related: Are some insurers unfairly profiting from Obamacare program?
"In 2017, just because of all the carrier exits, there are going to be more people making involuntary changes," said Katherine Hempstead, a senior adviser at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. "I would imagine all things being equal, more people are going to be disappointed this year versus last year."
Some 43% of returning consumers to the federal government's online exchange, healthcare.gov, switched policies last year. Some were forced to when insurers stopped offering their plans while others sought out cheaper policies. In doing so, consumers saved an average of $42 a month on premiums, according to the government's analysis. But avoiding higher premiums has cost many patients their choice of doctors.
Jim Berry, who runs an internet directory of accountants with their wife, switched last year from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Georgia to Humana (HUM) after Blue Cross proposed a 16% premium hike.
Despite paying Humana $1,141 in premiums for the couple, Berry, who lives in Marietta, said they were unable to find a doctor in the network taking new patients. They ended up signing with a concierge practice that accepts their insurance but also charges them a $2,700 annual membership, a fee they pay out of pocket. Nonetheless, they said they have been satisfied with the policy.
But last month Humana, which is withdrawing from 88% of the counties it sold plans in this year, told Berry their policy was not continuing, and they are unsure what choices they will have and how much more they will cost.
"It's not like if I don't want to buy Humana or Blue Cross, I have five other people competing for my business," Berry said. "It just seems like it's a lot of money every year for what is just basic insurance, basic health care. I understand what you're paying for is the unknown — that heart attack or stroke — but I don't know where the break point is."
Related: Rising Obamacare premiums anger those paying full price
To be sure, the same economic forces — canceled policies, higher premiums and restrictive networks — have been agitating the markets for employer-provided insurance for years. But there is more scrutiny on the individual market, born of the turmoil of Obamacare.
Dr. Patrick Romano, a professor of medicine at the UC Davis Health System in Sacramento, Calif., said the topic has been coming up in focus groups they have been convening about the state insurance marketplace, Covered California. Switching doctors, they said, "is a disruption and can lead to interruptions in medications."
With the shake-up in the insurance market, access to some top medical systems may be further limited. In St. Louis, Emily Bremer, an insurance broker, said only two insurers will be offering plans next year through healthcare.gov. Cigna's (CI) network includes BJC HealthCare and an affiliated physicians' group, while Anthem (ANTX) provides access to other major hospital systems, including Mercy, but excludes BJC and its preeminent academic medical center Barnes-Jewish Hospital.
"These networks have little or no overlap," they said. "It means severing a lot of old relationships. I have clients who have doctors across multiple networks who are freaking out."
Related: Drawing more uninsured into Obamacare is critical to its survival
Aetna said it will still offer policies off the healthcare.gov exchange. Those are harder to afford as the federal government does not provide subsidies, and Aetna has not revealed what its networks will be. In an email, an Aetna spokesperson said the insurer was offering those policies to preserve its option to return to the exchanges in future years; if Aetna had completely stopped selling individual policies, it would be banned from the market for five years under federal rules.
"Every year our plan disappears," said Kurt Whaley, a 49-year-old draftsman in O'Fallon, Mo., near St. Louis. After one change, they said, "I got to keep my primary care physician, but my kids lost their doctors. I had to change doctors for my wife. It took away some of the hospitals we could get into."
Kaiser Health News is national health policy news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
Latest status of fireworks shows in the suburbs
hello
Several suburbs are canceling fireworks shows due to the heat and dry weather -- or damage from storms. Paul Valade/Daily Herald file photo
Carol Stream is the latest suburbs to cancel its Fourth of July parade and fireworks display.
Rick Gieser of the Carol Stream July Fourth Parade Committee made the announcement after meeting Tuesday morning with village officials. Gieser said officials were concerned there wasn't enough time to remove debris from Sunday's storm.
Here's the latest list of what's happening with festivities around the suburbs
Fireworks canceled:
Antioch, Cary, Carol Stream, Fox River Grove, Mundelein, and Wheaton
Fireworks postponed:
Fox River Grove, Round Lake Beach, Wauconda
Fireworks back on:
St. Charles
Fireworks on:
Arlington Heights, Barrington, Bartlett, Batavia, Bensenville, Buffalo Grove, Elk Grove Village, Fox Lake, Hawthorn Woods, Huntley, Libertyville, Lincolnshire, Mount Prospect, Northwest Fourth-Fest, Palatine, Rolling Meaodws, Sleepy Hollow, Streamwood, Vernon Hills
Still up in the air:
Lake Zurich, Waukegan
South African World Cup-winning coach Jake White says they will not be England's next permanent head coach.
White is eight months into a four-year deal with the Brumbies in Australia and says they will see out their contract.
Analysis Just 24 hours after declaring an interest in the England position, Jake White took to Twitter to perform a U-turn that will not please the RFU hierarchy. They had confirmed on Thursday that they had approached him. White was the only one of the contenders with a World Cup under their belt, having led the Springboks to glory in 2007. But he's now committed themselves to the Brumbies in Australia. It leaves the path clear for a straight shoot-out between the current interim coach Stuart Lancaster - who has another chance to state their case this Sunday when England play France in Paris - and the former South Africa and Italy coach Nick Mallett.
White tweeted: "[It is] always hard turning down a chance to win a World Cup but rugby is about making the right decisions and that's to stay with the Brumbies in Australia."
On Thursday, White said the RFU had approached them about coaching England.
BBC Radio 5 live rugby union commentator Alastair Eykyn said while White had used the phrase "turning down" the opportunity of coaching England, they had not actually been offered the job.
White had previously stated their commitment to remain with the Brumbies until the end of their current campaign. That would have ruled them out of England's June tour to South Africa.
They subsequently tweeted their "thanks for all the interest and support", and pledged to focus on the Brumbies' next fixture against the Cheetahs at Canberra Stadium.
Asked at a news conference in Canberra on Friday whether they were interested in the post, the 48-year-old replied: "No, no, no, no.
"I'm here for four years with the Brumbies. I've signed on the bottom line and you've got to judge people by their actions.
Jake White's CV 2002: Coached South Africa to Under-21 World Championship
Coached South Africa to Under-21 World Championship 2004: Won Tri-Nations in first season in charge of the senior Springboks and named IRB International Coach of the Year
Won Tri-Nations in first season in charge of the senior Springboks and named IRB International Coach of the Year 2007: Won the World Cup, defeating England in the group stages and final, before standing down. Peter de Villiers took over
Won the World Cup, defeating England in the group stages and final, before standing down. Peter de Villiers took over 2008: Takes charge of Barbarians against Australia
Takes charge of Barbarians against Australia 2011: Appointed Brumbies head coach
"Nothing's changed - I'm still committed to the Brumbies."
White, who took over at the Brumbies last July, said there was nothing wrong with having expressed an interest in the role and did not rule out a move in the future.
"It's something I'd look at - it doesn't mean now, it doesn't mean leaving my job," they said.
Interim England coach Stuart Lancaster is expected to be interviewed before the end of the Six Nations as the RFU search for Martin Johnson's successor.
Nick Mallett, Eddie O'Sullivan and John Kirwan have all been linked to the job.
Sir Ian McGeechan, Conor O'Shea and Richard Hill will join chief executive Ian Ritchie and Rob Andrew on a five-man panel which will advise the RFU board.
England play France on Sunday and finish their Six Nations title defence against Ireland on 17 March.
When you are trying to remember something, you instinctively might roll your eyes up toward the sky. Ever wonder why you do this? There's a real, physically based reason.
Rolling the eyes upward is an automatic response the body makes when trying to access lost or hidden information because doing so causes the production of alpha waves in the brain and your brain doesn't have the images of the perceptual moment competing with the images of the mind. Producing alpha waves is physiologically linked to the eyes. If you close your eyes and roll them upward, you will make even more alpha waves.
Alpha waves are present in the relaxed awareness of a daydreaming mind. An alpha state is the intermediate ground between waking and sleeping and provides a bridge to the subconscious mind. Alpha brainwaves allow for vivid, lucid imagery and can assist in creativity and insight.
Eye rolling has long been used as a meditation technique because it more quickly leads to an altered state of consciousness and the theta brain waves desired in deep meditation.
For some creative inspiration, a brief break in your day or during meditation, you can kick-start your brain's alpha waves by doing this simple but profound exercise which Anna Wise details in their book Awakening the Mind: A Guide to Harnessing the Power of Your Brainwaves:
With your eyes closed, inhale and gently raise your eyes to look toward the center of your forehead.
When you exhale, lower your eyes.
Again when you inhale, gently raise your eyes behind closed eyelids.
And when you exhale, lower your eyes again.
Repeat for three or four more breaths.
They suggest that some people may feel more natural doing just the opposite: looking up on the exhalation and down on the inhale. (I couldn't do it at all this way!)
It is the movement of the eyes that causes the production of alpha waves. So, don't hold your eyes continuously up. After a few minutes, the alpha producing quality of this exercise diminishes as habituation occurs. The eye muscles are delicate and easy to tire. Be careful not to strain your eyes.
1822
Getty Images
Some critics of Cam Newton's touchdown celebrations have pointed to Peyton Manning, and said that Newton should act more like Manning. But Manning says he'd celebrate like Newton if they scored as often as Newton.
Asked at Super Bowl Opening Night why they don't celebrate on the field the way Newton does, Manning answered that it's because “I don't run for any touchdowns.”
Manning spoke highly of Newton, saying there's “no doubt” they were the MVP of the NFL in 2015. Manning added that if they could run like Newton does, he'd dance like Newton does.
“If I run for a touchdown on Sunday, I'll celebrate,” Manning said.
When Manning finished with 11 rushing yards in the AFC Championship Game, it snapped a 20-game streak of Manning rushing for zero or negative rushing yards. Newton has never finished a game with zero or negative rushing yards. And Manning has 18 career rushing touchdowns in 266 career games, while Newton has 43 career rushing touchdowns in 78 career games. So perhaps Newton just celebrates in the end zone more than Manning because they reach the end zone more than Manning.
This isn't about Donald Trump. This isn't about most of Trump's supporters. It is about some of Trump's supporters, specifically the “Alt-Right.”
Trump's campaign has been cat-nip to the Alt-Right due to support for building a border wall and putting the clamp on Muslim immigration. It must be made clear, that there are indeed non-White Trump supporters who care not for the Alt-Right idiocy.
But who are the “Alt-Right”? Sargon of Akkad presents a fair assessment of whom the Alt-Right are.
Alt-right aren't conservatives. They are a mirror reflection of the Left. They are racial and ethnic collectivists who put the collective above the individual. Both the Progressives and the Alt-right are racist… they just disagree as to who the enemy is. The Left divided people by race, amongst other factors, and set-up an “us vs. them” dichotomy. The Alt-Right in America, old school neo-NAZIs aside, are a creation, then, of the Left. The Alt-Right agree with the Left that there is an “us vs. them” dichotomy, and even of what that dichotomy is, but differ on who is “us” and who is “them”.
Though not all people who associate with the Alt-Right are motivated by feelings of actual White Supremacy or hatred of Jews, the hatred from the Left with their conspiracies about “Kyriarchy” push people towards the Alt-Right as a welcoming counter to the Progressives.
It is a false assumption that the GOP is a manichean choice between establishment squishes and Alt-Righters, for neither side is conservative.
This “Right-Left” dichotomy the Alt-Right invokes is a distinctly un-American one. American Conservatism is not on the European Right/Left spectrum, but orthogonal thereto. It is a civic inheritance, not an inheritance of blood:
The American weal is a civic inheritance that transcends race. To deny that is to deny America. It is not about race, it is about assimilation. Droves of socialist 1st World Europeans coming to America would not be better just because those socialists were mostly White. It wasn't the race of the immigrants who are destroying America, it was the war against assimilation wages by the Progressives via the cult of “multiculturalism”.
Would importing socialist Europeans would be better? Better for the populist/nationalist Leftists (i.e. the Alt-Right) of course. This would be but the mirror image of the Progressives importing non-Whites that they try to keep from assimilation by bashing America as racist and encouraging Balkanism. Both are anti-thetical to America. America, then, is not for or against immigrants because of their race, but based on whether said immigrants want to become America and embrace it… or merely to supplant it.
Real conservatives will call out those who play ethno-national and racially populist nonsense, and condemn them.
There is no better example of this than the late Joe Pyne, who was one of the earliest conservative radio and TV personalities, as can be seen with their clear disdain of “American NAZI” Lincoln Rockwell:
Though some deny it, the most fervent Alt-Righters always end up taking ethno-nationalist and racial populist stances “(and whine about the Jooos”). They will readily call people “neocons” (i.e. eeevil Jooos) and “cucks” or “cuckservatives” (i.e. White race traitors), while pleading that they don't “hate” non-Whites… they just don't want them around. If being an American who believes in this country's civic heritage make me a “race traitor”, than I am one proudly.
Tweet
During this week's episode of John Gruber's podcast, The Talk Show, Gruber sat down with Joanna Stern of the Wall Street Journal to talk all things Apple Watch.
About two hours and 9 minutes into the podcast, both Gruber and Stern began lamenting the poor performance they saw with third-party Apple Watch apps. “It makes me question whether there should be third party apps for it at all yet,” Gruber noted.
Don't Miss: Watch the leaked Batman v. Superman IMAX trailer right here!
With the Apple Watch launch now just one week away, one can only hope that Apple will address some of the complaints presented and discussed during the podcast, including the fact that the icons grid on the Apple Watch is too small to be practical.
With respect to third party app performance, here's what Gruber and Stern had to say.
Gruber: Third party apps on the Apple Watch. They suck. They're really, really slow. Stern: I actually wouldn't know if they suck because I've never really waited for them to load. Gruber: Have you ever gotten Uber to load? I got it to load one time and it didn't do anything… I can't believe that they published the app. I can't believe the Uber one got through. Nobody got it to work.
That's a harsh critique and, again, one can only hope that it's nothing more than a software issue Apple managed to fix after doling out its Apple Watch review units.
Another complaint Gruber and Stern harped on centered on the Apple Watch app homescreen. You know, the one with the blob of circular app icons. Both Gruber and Stern lamented the fact that the icons themselves are essentially too small to be useful.
Stern: I kind of took off pretty much all of the apps because I hate the app screen. I hate that screen. I can never accurately touch anything on here. The digital crown is not very useful to me, to be honest. And so I took off most of the apps on here. Gruber: That's an interesting complaint and I feel the same way. I feel like it is really hard to tap an individual icon, whether its first party or third party, whether its one of Apple's or not. I kind of wish that the default size for the icons would be a little bigger. Like you can zoom in and zoom out, but there's sort of a default size that it settles in at and I feel like it shows too many apps, as opposed to showing fewer, bigger apps to make them easier touch targets. Stern: And if I delete some apps, why wouldn't the remaining ones just become bigger. As you delete these little icons, they don't become bigger. Gruber: I just wish that as you zoomed the crown, that you could stop at a bigger spot and it would stay there, as opposed to, you make them a little bigger, you let go, and it just settles back. J Stern. Totally agree. Gruber: I can't help but think they're going to have to address this. It's just too finicky. And it comes back to stuff that Apple even bragged about with the iPhone where they measured optimal touch sizes for average fingertips… You have to be a developer or a designer to care about the specific numbers, but as a user, all it meant was that if you used an iPhone, the thing you thought you were tapping was the thing you were actually tapping almost every time.
For a company that made its name on usability, Gruber and Stern's concerns should prove worrisome to any prospective Apple Watch user. Gruber, though, brings up an interesting point in that users should, perhaps, view the actual watch face as the de-facto Apple Watch homescreen. From the watch face view, Gruber notes, it's easy to launch your most-used apps if you position them as complications.
Still, Gruber reserves some harsh judgement for the Apple Watch app layout.
“Aesthetically I can see why they did it, but I really can't believe it passed their own internal use.. The homescreen on Apple Watch, and I hate to say it, but to me it's like the Android ‘all apps' screen.”
A beagle waits.
In the time it takes for you to read this statement, 15 pets will have entered into life in an animal shelter somewhere in the United States. Ninety percent of these animals are not spayed or neutered. Approximately half will be euthanized. In North Carolina alone, the state in which I live, every year over 250,000 dogs and cats have to be euthanized because there is no place to put them. That is almost 700 animals every day, which I find shocking and heartbreaking. Although heroic efforts are made daily by animal control officers, shelter employees, veterinarians, and volunteers, they are faced with a Sisyphean task. This series explores the animals and aftermath of this epidemic, focusing on what remains when there are no regulations on breeding, spaying or neutering.— Mary Shannon Johnstone
North Carolina-based Mary Shannon Johnstone has spent the last three years photographing for a state owned animal shelter, one that takes in 40 new animals a day. While the photographs help promote the animals for adoptions, Breeding Ignorance has developed, an ongoing series in which Johnstone captures everyday shelter life of animals awaiting adoption and euthanasia. In this series, they address the tragic realities of animal overpopulation in hopes of provoking future change.
Johnstone currently owns six rescue animals and volunteers their time at the Wake County Animal Center and the Ruin Creek Animal Protection Society in North Carolina—both of which are very much in need of donations.
Cat carcasses are stored in a walk in freezer until they can be picked up and disposed of.
It is a myth that animal shelters are filled with mutts.
Cats and dogs are anesthetized before they are euthanized. Although the sedation does not hurt, many fights because they are scared.
Kitten anesthetized before euthanasia.
Too much tail wagging against a hard surface can result in a bloody-tipped tail known as “happy-tail”.
After dogs have been euthanized, their bodies are placed into large black plastic bags and their kennels are sanitized.
via Muybridge's Horse
Donate
The Turkish Army has already lost at least 10 Leopard 2A4 tanks during their offensive on terrorists' positions near the Syrian city of al-Bab.
According to the recent report of the US Defense Security Cooperation Agency, the Saudi Armed Forces have lost about 20 Abrams М1A2S tanks in Yemen, the Zone Militaire information website reported. In its turn, the Turkish Army, which has been conducting the so-called Euphrates Shield operation in the north of Syria since August 2016, has faced with the same problem with the German-made Leopard 2A4 tanks.
So, according to information from social networks, the Turkish Forces have lost at least 10 Leopard 2A4 tanks during their offensive on terrorists' positions near al-Bab city. The losses were confirmed by the Die Welt newspaper, which wrote about the tank, manufactured by Krauss-Maffei Wegmann company and considered ‘invincible' before.
The tank (practically of all variants of its modification) was sold to 18 countries, including Turkey, which bought 354 tanks from the Bundeswehr. All the purchased tanks were upgraded by the ASELSAN company in 2005.
But it is obviously that the tank was not designed for fighting in urban areas, despite the fact that at the time of its passing into service German engineers were looking for a compromise between its defense, weapons and maneuverability on the battlefield. As a result, the emphasis was placed on the frontal armor, but suddenly the Leopard 2 has demonstrated its vulnerable points on its sides and on the rear side of its tower. And terrorists showed a good knowledge of these weakened zones, which they targeted with the Russian Kornet-E anti-tank guided missile launcher. However, ‘fighting in urban areas' is too ‘loud' word for describing the situation near al-Bab. What would happen with these tanks if they operated in Aleppo or Mosul, where we can see fighting in real urban areas?
In addition, unlike the later modifications, the Turkish Leopard 2 tanks do not have an explosive-reactive armor that reduces negative effects of hitting with ammunition.
Another reason of the losses is also a lack of experience among Turkish crews, as well as a lack of a normal doctrine of tanks' usage in urban areas.
In any case, this may explain, at least partially, difficulties of Turkish troops and Ankara-backed militant groups during the battle against terrorists near al-Bab city.
Donate
Loading ... Loading ...
Press reports indicate Obamacare is in a death spiral, because its structure is unworkable. Premiums are escalating beyond reason, insurers are opting out, and efforts to prop it up are at best a temporary fix.
But when has one of its failed programs ever stopped the federal government from pushing ahead? Increase the debt, fund the whole mess, task PR people to tell one lie after another.
There are hundreds (or more) satellite bureaucracies that have been birthed to support Obamacare, expand its reach, and develop strategies for bringing the whole nation under the umbrella of a national health care system. These “planners” are busy generating schemes for mandatory vaccination, increased psychiatric screening for children, lifetime tracking of patients, etc. The planners revel in devising systems (any systems) that corral huge numbers of people within one-size-fits-all solutions. If you told them there was a new federal program to identify all Americans who use the term ‘individual freedom' and send their vital statistics to the FBI and the Pentagon, they would jump in with both feet, without a second thought.
But the real secret of Obamacare is in plain sight: it's the medical treatment itself.
As soon as the proposed bill to create Obamacare was sent to Congress, I began writing about what was in store for Americans. Here is a later article I wrote in 2012, after a constitutional challenge failed:
—June 28, 2012—
I want my Obamacare! I want my Obamacare!
Well, you've got it. The US Supreme Court just upheld it by calling the individual mandate a tax.
Those who shout victory to the rooftops have no idea what's in store for them. No idea at all.
It's vital to look at the real effects of this sinister plan. It's all about the effects of mainstream medicine. That's what the sold-out press is refusing to examine.
The “share and care” humanitarian mask will be peeled away. The US Dept. of Health and Human Services will create, as ordered, a complete list of approved treatments for every disease-label under the sun. And everyone in the insurance plan (everyone in America) will be forced to take what the doctor tells them to take.
For a bonus, unapproved treatments will be banned. People and practitioners who try to use alternative treatments will find themselves in trouble.
This is the hidden agenda of Obamacare. This is what it will morph into in the future—unless it is repealed by the Congress.
I'm not dreaming or fantasizing. I've been following and reporting on the medical cartel for 30 years, and I know the mindset of these people, these doctors, these bureaucrats, these pharmaceutical string-pullers behind the scenes. Obamacare is right up their alley. It's about control, so it's an answer to their prayers.
So what do we know about their mainstream medicine, the hospital-based drug-addled modern version?
On July 26, 2000, the Journal of the American Medical Association published a landmark paper by Dr. Barbara Starfield (Johns Hopkins School of Public Health), “Is US health really the best in the world?” In it, Starfield revealed what many people inside the medical establishment already knew: every year, like clockwork, the medical system was killing huge numbers of people.
Each year in the US, as Dr. Starfield reported, there are:
12,000 deaths from unnecessary surgeries;
7,000 deaths from medication errors in hospitals;
20,000 deaths from other errors in hospitals;
80,000 deaths from infections acquired in hospitals;
106,000 deaths from FDA-approved correctly prescribed medicines.
The total of medically-caused deaths in the US every year is 225,000.
This makes the medical system the third leading cause of death in America, behind heart disease and cancer.
In the wake of Starfield's devastating report, other facts came to light: 2.1 million people in America, every year, are hospitalized as a result of reactions to FDA-approved medicines. Annually, 36 million serious adverse reactions to those drugs occur.
So, inclusive health coverage for many more Americans under the Obama Plan means these horrendous figures will rise.
This is the dirty secret.
Obama and their allies are promoting a medical system that is the third leading cause of death in America. It's that stark and it's that simple.
The Obama Plan involves appointing an “expert panel” to decide what treatments Americans should be given for what diseases, under the new regime.
Only a certified idiot would assume that, over time, alternative non-mainstream therapies would survive such an ongoing vetting. Hope may spring eternal, but common sense makes it easy to grasp the realities on the ground.
In the long run, alternative therapies will be edged out. Those that remain will be permitted for a narrow range of conditions, or as adjuncts to standard drug treatments and surgery.
Chiropractors and acupuncturists, who are temporarily basking in the notion that Obama “really cares,” are in for a very rude awakening. Their careers and practices will be significantly reduced. Not today, not tomorrow, but it will happen.
Doctors, under the Plan, will be telling patients they may not take nutritional supplements while in treatment. This will assume the status of an irreversible edict. In many cases, “while in treatment” will mean years.
What happens to a person, conscripted into the mandated Insurance Plan, who is told by their doctor that they should/must receive a vaccine? Suppose this person says no? What are the consequences? Will they then be labeled a defector? What penalties will they suffer?
Does a diagnosis of cancer imply a patient must submit to chemotherapy, radiation, and surgery? Can these treatments be forced upon him?
Perhaps, in the early days of the Plan, nothing untoward will happen. But then, as time passes, and the system assumes tighter and tighter controls, the hand of government will close around the recalcitrant patient's neck.
“Take this vaccine. Take this chemo drug. If you don't, you're out of the system, and that makes you a criminal, because everyone has to be in the system.”
Doctors, who are an integral part of the Plan, will surely be punished if they give unapproved (alternative) treatments to patients.
And in order to make the Plan operate on a day-to-day basis, the records and bookkeeping data of every health-care practitioner in America will eventually be tracked on government computer networks.
Every person in America will have a traceable and trackable medical ID package. Government-issued. There is no way around it. The monitoring apparatus can't work without it.
Orwellian consequences lie up the road in the field of psychiatric practice. In case you hadn't noticed, the invention of “disorders” by committee is the preferred method for “discovering” more and more mental illnesses.
Related Reading: Avoiding A Cure: How Big Pharma And The DEA Collude To Control Your Health
Yet, the science is completely fraudulent. For evidence, consult the many works of psychiatrist Peter Breggin, who has done more than any other person to expose the guts of their own profession. (breggin.com) Breggin establishes that mental disorders are not authoritatively diagnosed by a chemical or biological test. Conclusive tests do not exist. And worse, in this undefined and arbitrary territory, the drugs that follow diagnoses are killers: for example, 300,000 cases of motor brain damage, as a result of the administration of major tranquilizers.
Under the Obama Plan, you can bet your bottom dollar that psychiatric care will eventually become mandatory. A patient suddenly diagnosed with clinical depression or bipolar disease will be told they must take the drugs—and suffer their adverse effects.
Very young children will be given more and more debilitating and dangerous brain drugs.
Under the Obama Plan, it will be very convenient to declare new pandemics every few seasons, because these phony non-epidemics provide an opportunity to herd the sheep into clinics and remind them who is running the show. Go here, take this vaccine; go there, take that drug; the epidemic is endangering the herd, and you must help your brothers and sisters.
These are the figures on the last several “epidemics.” They are not yearly; they are grand totals, to date; global totals, except in the case of West Nile (US only):
SARS: 774 deaths.
WEST NILE: 1159 deaths.
BIRD FLU: 262 deaths.
SMALLPOX: (terrorist threat): 0 deaths.
SWINE FLU: 18,500 deaths. (Many if not most of these are not swine flu. Tests for the presence of the virus came back negative in the overwhelming number of cases.)
To give perspective, globally, the World health Organization claims 250 thousand to 500 thousand people die of ordinary flu-like illness every year. Yet this higher death rate accrues no interest as an epidemic. It is only the “teaching (brainwashing) moments” of the phony epidemics that are promoted by health agencies (e.g., CDC and WHO) and their pharmaceutical allies, who rake in billions by manufacturing new vaccines.
Yes, under the Obama Plan, there will be more declared health emergencies, and they will serve to cement the citizen to their new role as eternal patient in the medical march along bleak streets of the future.
Can you perceive the loss of individual freedom implicit in this universal system of health control?
You see, the widespread (and false) assumption is that more medical care for more people is a good thing. That's what the politicians and the press tell us. That's what the medical bureaucrats and the drug companies tell us. This is the central piece of brainwashing.
It's a bald-faced lie. It's a death-dealing lie.
And now the American people are saddled with it.
—end of 2012 article—
As I predicted, the march toward mandatory vaccination is escalating. Younger and younger children (even babies) are being screened for psychiatric disorders, diagnosed, and prescribed highly toxic drugs. Various bureaucracies are devising new ways to share medical records of patients. We have had more “epidemic” scares with dire predictions that didn't pan out. Ebola was the most notable.
Obamacare is a RICO operation.
It's a continuing criminal enterprise at its core, and it produces widespread debilitation and death.
Why not tell the truth about it?
Help Us Be The Change We Wish To See In The World.
Juan Sebastian Veron won 73 caps with Argentina
Former Manchester United midfielder Juan Sebastian Veron has come out of retirement at the age of 41 and signed an 18-month contract with Argentine top-flight team Estudiantes.
Veron, who hung up their boots two years ago, promised to play in the 2017 Copa Libertadores if fans bought 65% of the boxes at the club's new stadium.
Veron, also chairperson of Estudiantes, will donate their salary to the club.
Inspired to try football? Find out how to get into football with our special guide.
The ex-Argentina star won the 2002-03 Premier League title with United.
An article on the club website states that Veron's first match will be on 8 January against Bayer Leverkusen in the Florida Cup. It also says they will compete in both the league and the Copa Libertadores.
Veron won the Uefa Cup with Parma and the Serie A title with Lazio before moving to United in 2001 for a then British record transfer fee of £28.1m.
They joined Chelsea for £15m in 2003, but spent three of the following four years on loan at Inter Milan - who they helped win the Italian league title - and then their boyhood club Estudiantes.
Take part in our new Premier League Predictor game, which allows you to create leagues with friends.
On the Minor League disabled list with vertigo, Cosart threw four shutout innings over 44 pitches in the Gulf Coast League Marlins' 8-2 win over the Cardinals' affiliate at the Roger Dean Stadium complex.
JUPITER, Fla. -- The final month of the season will be like starting over for Marlins right-hander Jarred Cosart. If Saturday is a preview of what's to come, the 25-year-old should be as good as new when they rejoin the big league club.
JUPITER, Fla. -- The final month of the season will be like starting over for Marlins right-hander Jarred Cosart. If Saturday is a preview of what's to come, the 25-year-old should be as good as new when they rejoin the big league club.
On the Minor League disabled list with vertigo, Cosart threw four shutout innings over 44 pitches in the Gulf Coast League Marlins' 8-2 win over the Cardinals' affiliate at the Roger Dean Stadium complex.
View Full Game Coverage
"I feel amazing," Cosart said. "No dizziness. No vertigo. It's huge. It's a blessing."
It's another step forward in what has been a rough and frustrating season for Cosart, who's gone 1-4 with a 5.36 ERA in 45 1/3 innings for Miami. On May 17, they were placed on the DL with vertigo.
The Marlins optioned Cosart to Triple-A New Orleans on July 4 after they allowed seven runs in 1 2/3 innings in a loss to the Cubs at Wrigley Field.
At New Orleans, Cosart had a relapse with their vertigo during a July 17 start.
A few weeks ago, the right-hander saw a specialist in Chicago, and they were diagnosed with an inner left ear disorder. The condition affected their balance and gravity, and the doctors said they may have been dealing with the condition all season.
Cosart promises to be a big part of the rotation in 2016, and they are aiming to regain their old form in September.
"I feel great," they said. "I'm a little out of shape right now. Obviously, I had to take 2 1/2, three weeks off of all activity. I didn't have any signs or dizziness today or the vertigo today, or for the past couple of weeks."
Cosart's velocity was at 94 mph on Saturday, and they scattered two hits, struck out two and walked one. They had a wild pitch in the first inning, but overall was able to command their pitches to both sides of the plate.
Cosart induced seven groundouts and two flyouts.
Before rejoining the Marlins, they are expected to make two rehab-assignment starts, with the first likely with Class A Advanced Jupiter.
"Obviously it's been a rough year for the Miami organization, in general, with high expectations, we didn't succeed, with myself as a big part of that, missing two months," Cosart said. "Hopefully I get back and show Miami what I did last year again in September and carry it over into 2016."
Acquired from the Astros in July 2014, Cosart was 13-11 with a 3.69 ERA in 180 1/3 innings last year, going 4-4 with a 2.39 ERA after being traded to the Marlins.
"Now, it's just getting my legs back up underneath me and getting back to who I am," they said. "Hopefully I can get back to Miami soon and help them get to higher places in 2016."
It really happened: An entire episode of HBO's Game of Thrones season 7 has leaked online before its premiere. Sunday's episode 4, “The Spoils of War,” is now out in the digital wild.
And yet, an HBO insider says the leak is not believed to be part of the major hack of HBO which EW.com first reported Monday morning and contained a script from the same episode.
The new episode has leaked from Star India, one of HBO's international network partners, which receives episodes in advance of air. (There's a watermark on the video which revealed Star India as the source).
A Star India spokesperson released this statement: “This confirms the compromise of episode 4 of Game of Thrones Season 7, earlier this afternoon. We take this breach very seriously and have immediately initiated forensic investigations at our and the technology partner's end to swiftly determine the cause. This is a grave issue and we are taking appropriate legal remedial action.”
In theory, Star India could have been separately hacked by the same person or persons who infiltrated HBO. But content slipping out from HBO's distributors has occurred occasionally in the past and network insiders believe this is more akin to those previous situations (in season 5, for example, clips from a couple episodes leaked online from overseas vendors; as did a Comic-Con preview trailer just last month).
Still: In a week when HBO has suffered a devasting cyberattack … an episode of the company's most valuable asset has now leaked from a trusted distributor. When it rains, it pours, and right now, the leaks are pouring.
Earlier this week, the hack exposed pre-air episodes of Ballers, Room 104 and many internal documents. The hackers have threatened to leak more content on Sunday (though now one of HBO's own partners have beat them to it), and then continue exposing new material each Sunday in a sort of mockery of HBO's weekly original programming rollout. HBO insiders have been confident that the company's main email system and Thrones episodes were not exposed as part of the hack.
HBO has a tougher time securing its GoT programming from leaks than, for instance, a movie studio making a highly sought Star Wars or Marvel film, because of its complex distribution network that aims to premiere new GoT episodes on roughly the same day around the globe on different cable and satellite providers. One reason for this “day and date” release strategy is to cut down on piracy — Game of Thrones is the most illegally downloaded show in the world. But the downside is that episodes and clips are distributed far and wide in the days before a new hour premieres, multiplying the possibility of leaks.
The good news for HBO is that GoT is more popular than ever — the recent season premiere has now surpassed an incredible 30 million viewers in the U.S. alone, plus is breaking ratings records worldwide. Here's HBO's non-leaked preview of Sunday's episode:
EW will still post its usual full coverage of Thrones on Sunday night after “The Spoils of War” airs on HBO. Follow @jameshibberd for GoT and breaking TV news, subscribe to our GoT newsletter, check out our GoT podcast.
Traffic is severely backed up on Westbound U.S. 60 east of Loop 101 in Mesa on Friday, February 27, 2009. The freeway was closed after a woman crawled into the carpool lane and was struck and killed. (Photo: Michael Schennum/The Republic)
Traffic delays in Tucson and Phoenix last year cost the average commuter more than $1,000 in extra fuel and lost time, among other costs, according to a new report on rush-hour congestion on the nation's highways.
The 2015 Urban Mobility Scorecard from the Texas A&M Transportation Institute estimated that commuters in Phoenix spent about 51 hours sitting in traffic, racking up a "congestion cost" of $1,201 last year. Tucson commuters spent an average of 47 hours stuck behind the wheel for a congestion cost of $1,128, the report said.
Phoenix and Tucson finished 13th- and 23rd-worst, respectively, in the nation for traffic. While the metro areas were worst in Arizona, none of the nine regions in the state that were studied by the report were unscathed, with Lake Havasu doing best in at 4 extra hours of idling and a congestion cost of $114 last year.
"When cars are in stop-and-go traffic, the delay meter is running fast," said David Schrank, one of the authors of the Transportation Institute report, which looked at 470 areas around the country and ranked 101 of them.
The rankings were based on the congestion cost, a complex formula that considered average rush-hour delays in a city compared to its "free-flow" traffic times.
The study estimates how much gas is wasted during those delays and multiplies that by the average cost of a gallon of gas. It adds that amount to the value of lost time spent in the car – about $17 an hour – the costs to commercial traffic, like truckers, and other factors. It divides the cost by commuter to get the final congestion cost.
Road weariers The “congestion cost” in Arizona cities, an estimate of time and money lost to traffic congestion, ranged from $114 to $1,201 in the state in 2014, according to a new report. The cities, their cost and average hours of commuter delay were: Phoenix-Mesa: 51 hours; $1,201 cost. Tucson: 47 hours; $1,128 cost. Flagstaff: 10 hours; $335 cost. Avondale-Goodyear: 13 hours; $310 cost. Yuma: 11 hours; $292 cost. Prescott Valley-Prescott: 12 hours; $285 cost. Casa Grande: 6 hours; $163 cost. Sierra Vista: 7 hours; $156 cost. Lake Havasu City: 4 hours; $114 cost.
"Overall, drivers may be unaware of the number of hours they spend stuck in traffic," said Diane Brown, executive director of the Arizona Public Interest Research Group.
Brown said "an increase in public transportation options will further reduce driving on a per capita basis." That's why they were celebrating Tuesday's passage by Phoenix voters of Proposition 104, which will raise the city's transportation tax for 35 years to pay for expansions to light rail, bus service and bicycle lanes, in addition to funding for roads and road repair.
Doug Nintzel, a spokesperson for the Arizona Department of Transportation, said in an email Wednesday that the government is taking steps to ease traffic congestion. They pointed to "projects that are currently underway to add capacity along sections of the Loop 101, the Pima Freeway, in the Scottsdale area, and along Loop 202, the Red Mountain Freeway, in Mesa."
But those projects are not scheduled for completion until next year, they said.
"Managing growing traffic demands is certainly a challenge in a large area like the Phoenix metro region," Nintzel said in their email.
But Phoenix's problems were nowhere near No. 1 Washington, D.C., where commuters spent an average of 82 hours stuck in traffic for a congestion cost of more than $1,800, according to the report. New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle rounded out the top five based on congestion costs on the scorecard.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1F3LsSn
With the arrival of Dr Dre's first album in 15 years and the on-going feud between Drake and Meek Mill, we thought it was time to shed some light on a few of the greatest ever ghostwritten songs in rap. We hand picked seven of the most famous ghost written songs, with the likes of Jay-Z, Nas, and Ice Cube all penning songs for other MC's.
Song: "Boyz N Da Hood"
Artist: Eazy E
Ghostwriter: Ice Cube (Credited)
Best line: "Cruisin' down the street in my '64"
Originally intended for fellow Ruthless Records signee H.B.O, the Ice Cube penned "Boyz N Da Hood" was one of many joints Cube wrote for Eazy E. As their breakout solo debut and one of their standout individual performances, the song is an important piece in the late rappers' legacy, influencing the likes of The Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Jim Jones, UGK, and Yelawolf.
Song: "Still D.R.E"
Artist: Dr. Dre
Ghostwriter: Jay-Z (Credited)
Best line: "Treat raps like Cali weed, I smoke 'til I sleep"
Dr. Dre's nearly flawless second studio album 2001 needed to be the proof that Dre was back on their feet after a long wait from 1992 - they got that with "Still D.R.E." The album brought back the classic G-Funk era, if not for one last stand in the mainstream. Neither Snoop nor Dre have writer credits on this song; the entirety of the credit is given to Jay-Z, a familiar New Yorker whose debut album premiered just 3 years prior. Running the show on both coasts was quite a feat.
Song: "Gettin' Jiggy With It"
Artist: Will Smith
Ghostwriter: Nas (Uncredited)
Best line: "Now honey honey come ride, DKNY, All up in my eye"
While Will Smith has taken their talents to the world of visual entertainment with phenomena like Men In Black and The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, their rap career is often forgotten. "Gettin' Jiggy With It" was the third decisive single from Smith's Big Willie Style in 1997, and as it turns out it may have included a bit of Nas' style as well. Nas finally elaborated on the rumor in 2014 in a Reddit AMA:
Song: "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang"
Artist: Dr.Dre
Ghostwriter: The D.O.C (Credited)
Best line: “Like my nigga D.O.C. / No one can do it better”
Even losing their voice from a near fatal car accident in 1989 couldn't keep The D.O.C out of the rap game. While living with Snoop and Warren G the very next year, the MC from Dallas penned arguably their most famous track for Dr Dre titled "Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang." They even shouted themselves out - how meta is that?
Song: "Rapper's Delight"
Artist: Sugarhill Gang
Ghostwriter: Grandmaster Caz (Uncredited)
Best line: "Everybody goes: Hotel, motel, whatcha gonna do today (say what?) Because I'm going to get a fly girl, gonna get some spank and drive off in a def OJ"
Ghostwriting may date back to 1979 and a New Jersey pizza shop. According to Grandmaster Caz, their then manager Big Bank Hank stole the lyrics for The Sugarhill Gang's breakout hit "Rapper's Delight." They make a pretty solid case, considering Hank referred to themselves as Caz's alter-ego Casanova Fly: "I'm the C-A-S-N the O-V-A and the rest is F-L-Y."
Song: "The Message"
Artist: Dr Dre
Ghostwriter: Royce Da 5'9 (Credited)
Best line: "It's just not me, but you know I'mma always ride wit you, I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died wit you"
Originally written about Royce's friend who was shot in the neck on a corner block, Dre reportedly heard the track in the studio and immediately thought about their recently departed half-brother Tyree. Royce didn't even know about their Dre's brother until after he'd written the song. The rest they say, is history.
Song: "I'll Be Missing You"
Artist: Diddy
Ghostwriter: Sauce Money (Credited)
Best line: "Give anythin' to hear half your breath, half your breath / I know you still livin' your life, after death"
The second tribute song to make the list, "I'll Be Missing You" is Puff Daddy's tribute to the late Notorious B.I.G. Written by one-time member of Jay-Z's crew Sauce Money, the song actually won a Grammy and is currently ranked in the top 100 biggest songs of all time according to Billboard.
What are your favorite ghostwritten tracks? Let us know in the comments below!
$22,000 piece of Buckingham Fountain for sale View Full Caption
DOWNTOWN — A 1,000-pound chunk of marble billed as a fragment of Chicago's famed Buckingham Fountain is for sale.
Sticker price: $22,000. Shipping is $299.
North Side antiques dealer Stuart Grannen is trying to sell the piece as Chicagoans celebrate the 90th anniversary of the ornate Grant Park fountain.
Grannen said they don't recall what they paid for the stone, which they bought decades ago from a North Shore woman who was a descendant of Edward H. Bennett, the architect who designed Buckingham Fountain in the 1920s.
They said they don't know its history but they surmise the builders of the fountain "must have made a few extras."
The Chicago Park District has no record of this or any similar duplicate fragment, and "would never have sold off" any fragments from Buckingham Fountain or any other sculpture, said Jessica Maxey-Faulkner, a Chicagao Park District spokesperson.
Grannen, of Ravenswood-based Architectural Artifacts Inc., said they drew upon their own expertise when pricing the 5-by-3 foot cut of pink Georgia marble that is identical to the fountain's clamshells. They have earned a reputation for salvaging a number of valuable historical objects over the years, including limestone columns from the old Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Grannen said they originally wanted the fountain fragment for a museum they aimed to open. But they dropped those plans in favor of selling the chunk, likely to another museum.
"A few museums have said they want me to donate it to them," Grannen said. "I want to try to sell it first."
The $22,000 piece of Buckingham Fountain for sale. [Architectural Artifacts]
RELATED: Buckingham Fountain Opens This Weekend: A Look At 90 Years of Splashy Fun
Legendary architect and city planner Daniel Burnham originally wanted to make Field Museum the centerpiece of Grant Park, but city officials opted for a fountain after mail order baron A. Montgomery Ward fought in court to keep the park "free and clear" of obstructions.
Bennett and French sculptor Marcel Francois Loyau designed the fountain, drawing inspiration from the Latona fountain at the Palace of Versailles. The artists, along with engineer Jacques H. Lambert, carved granite and pink Georgia marble and fabricated bronze seahorses to build the fountain, which is twice the size of the Versailles fountain and shoots water 150 feet in the air, according to the Chicago Park District.
Philanthropist Kate Sturges Buckingham donated $1 million for the fountain, which is named after their brother, Clarence. The Buckingham family, originally of Zanesville, Ohio, were avid art collectors and made their fortune in grain elevators, real estate and steel.
The fountain cost $750,000 to builf in 1927, or about $10.5 million in today's dollars. John Philip Sousa and their famous band played at the fountain's dedication ceremony.
Buckingham Fountain spouts 15,000 gallons of water per minute and has a capacity of 1.5 million gallons of recirculated water. The fountain was manually operated in 1980 and underwent renovations in 1994 and from 2009 to 2012, according to the Park District.
Hordes of people see the fountain at summer festivals and other events, but buying the stone is a rare chance to see one of Chicago's best known sites in a way few ever will, one Grant Park booster said.
"Few people realize how massive these pieces are and the detail on them," said Bob O'Neill, president of the Grant Park Conservancy.
Click the slideshow above or scroll below for more looks at the fountain fragment, which is listed online here.
A post shared by David Matthews (@davem1987) on Apr 30, 2015 at 7:23pm PDT
[Flickr/Ron Cogsnell]
RELATED: Read These Hilarious Yelp Reviews of Buckingham Fountain
CNN has reported that investigators believe they've identified a possible suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings, based off of video footage of someone leaving a bag at the site of the second explosion. Note, 6 p.m.: This turned into an all-time media shitshow. These were our chronological updates as it played it.
It's not a surprise, considering this one one of the most photographed and filmed attacks in history, but police have apparently identified someone based on surveillance footage from the Lord & Taylor across the street from the second bomb. TV news footage was also used.
The package dropped by the subject supposedly resembles the fragments discovered by investigators, and leaked earlier today. These forensics are presumably more advanced than the internet's crowd-sourced "find everyone with a backpack" search.
Advertisement
CNN is now reporting that an arrest has already been made.
The most recent, now-deleted Lord & Taylor tweet:
Advertisement
Confusion! NBC and CBS are explicitly reporting that no arrest has been made. CNN, the Boston Herald, the AP, and Fox all report that the suspect is in custody.
And now CNN reports that there has been no arrest.
As of 2:35 p.m. EDT, here's what's being reported. CNN: No arrest, no one in custody. Globe: Suspect in custody. Herald: Suspect arrested. Fox News: Suspect arrested. NBC: "Solid leads." CBS: No arrest. AP: Suspect in custody.
Advertisement
Earlier, CNN's John King reported that the suspect was a "dark-skinned male." CBS News now reports that the suspect is a "white male, wearing white baseball cap on backwards, gray hoodie and black jacket." This probably means the suspect is female.
The FBI just released a statement that says, essentially, SMH:
"Contrary to widespread reporting, no arrest has been made in connection with the Boston Marathon attack. Over the past day and a half, there have been a number of press reports based on information from unofficial sources that has been inaccurate. Since these stories often have unintended consequences, we ask the media, particularly at this early stage of the investigation, to exercise caution and attempt to verify information through appropriate official channels before reporting."
Advertisement
Actual quote from CNN: "This individual may be known or unknown."
Every media person in the universe is outside the courthouse:
Advertisement
As of 3:00 p.m., your headlines. CNN: "We have reason to believe someone may have been identified." Globe: "Suspect is in custody amid conflicting reports." Herald: No arrest. CBS: Authorities seeking man on video. NBC: Authorities have a face but not a name. ABC: Authorities close to identifying suspect. AP [sic]: "Feds deny reports of Boston suspect is arrested."
Clear out an entire wing in the Newseum for these (via @dbrauer and @buzzblog):
Advertisement
What:
Advertisement
False alarm on the hospital thing. Via the Globe:
The Brigham & Women's incident is apparently unrelated; a driver who locked their keys inside the car was helped by a valet parking attendant noticed there were gas cans inside the car and alerted security.
Advertisement
Via our friends at Gawker, this was not CNN's finest hour:
The courthouse evacuation is apparently due to a "Code Red," confirmed by police to be a bomb threat.
Advertisement
A CNN spokesperson has addressed how its earlier report of an arrest came to be:
Advertisement
This media scorecard by Hilary Sargent at Chartgirl.com:
This post is no longer being updated. Check the front page for further developments.
Advertisement
See also: Today's Boston Bombing Media Shitshow, In 90 Seconds
Image copyright Cambridge TV Image caption The road is not expected to open until after the rush hour, Highways England said
A car has exploded in a "ball of fire" on the M11 motorway, killing a man.
The vehicle was engulfed in flames at 08:10 GMT on the southbound carriageway at junction 12, near Barton in Cambridgeshire.
A bomb disposal team was sent to the scene. Police said there was nothing to indicate any other vehicle had been involved.
The body and car were recovered by 16:15 GMT, but the carriageway is due to remain closed into the evening.
'Black smoke'
Stephen Macaulay, who was driving across the flyover near the scene, said: "As you looked down you could just see this unbelievable ball of fire. I've never seen a car on fire like this before
"All you could see was a huge ball of fire with black smoke billowing up out the top of it.
"It was just in the middle of the carriageway and cars were keeping away from it."
Mr Macaulay described it as "really shocking".
"Obviously something exploded, you'd have thought… you look back at that and you just thought, something's really gone up here," they said.
Cambridgeshire Police said the southbound carriageway closure had been moved back to junction 14 from junction 12.
One lane of the northbound carriageway past the scene is also closed and diversions are in place.
The cause of the fire and identity of the man are not yet known and a police spokesperson said detectives were "not ruling anything out".
All the late mail heading into the business end of the season, with four blockbusters matches to start the 2015 NRL Telstra Premiership Finals Series.
Draw Widget - Finals Week 1 - Roosters vs Storm
Roosters: No changes expected for the minor premiers. Mitchell Pearce has been training, but it is very unlikely that they would be rushed back for this one given the Roosters have a guaranteed second chance. Jackson Hastings has been doing a great job in their place.
Storm: Cameron Smith was a no show at the annual pre-finals Captains Call because of illness and has been battling a virus all week, but he'll be a certainty to lead the team onto Allianz Stadium. There could be a late change with Dale Finucane expected to return from injury and play from the bench.
Draw Widget - Finals Week 1 - Bulldogs vs Dragons
Bulldogs: No changes expected for the Bulldogs in this elimination clash. The biggest question is whether Tim Lafai or prop Tim Browne will be given the important kicking duties.
Dragons: UPDATE: After getting through training on Friday Gareth Widdop is set to be a late inclusion for the Dragons, providing they get through the pre-game warm-up.
Draw Widget - Finals Week 1 - Broncos vs Cowboys
Broncos: UPDATE: Wayne Bennett says Corey Parker is set to play despite pulling out of training early with a hamstring injury earlier in the week.
Cowboys: Michael Morgan will play, with assistant coach David Furner labelling the ankle injury more mental than physical in regards to their confidence to fully stretch out. Matt Scott didn't train at the start of the week but has declared themselves a certain starter, while a groin complaint is not going to keep the ultra-competitive Johnathan Thurston out of this Queensland derby.
Draw Widget - Finals Week 1 - Sharks vs Rabbitohs
Sharks: There are no injury concerns for Cronulla heading into their elimination final with last year's premiers. Andrew Fifita returns from their suspension; no late changes expected.
Rabbitohs: Greg Inglis got through training well and is a definite for the cardnial and myrtle, despite being troubled a little by their knee injury.
"Petro Poroshenko congratulated Donald Trump on their inauguration as head of the United States and called for the strengthening of a dialogue with the new U.S. Administration at all levels," the Ukrainian president's administration said in a follow-up statement.
Both leaders express readiness to explore additional steps to enhancing the strategic partnership between Ukraine and the United States.
Particular attention was paid to the settlement of the Donbas crisis and the establishment of peace via political and diplomatic means.
The two leaders expressed deep concern about the spike in tension and deterioration of the humanitarian situation, especially in the area of Avdiyivka. They stressed the need to restore an immediate ceasefire.
The Ukrainian president expressed gratitude to the U.S. Chief Executive for firm support of Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
Poroshenko also highlighted the need to intensify economic and business ties in order to assist in creating new employment opportunities and boosting the welfare of citizens of both countries.
They also touched on Poroshenko's forthcoming visit to Washington.
Read alsoPoroshenko's office: Poroshenko, Trump's meeting date discussed"We will work with Ukraine, Russia, and all other parties involved to help them restore peace along the border," Trump said in a White House statement after talking to Poroshenko, according to Reuters.
Trump's open admiration for Russian President Vladimir Putin and campaign pledge to mend ties with Moscow have raised questions over their administration's commitment to maintaining sanctions against Russia for its involvement in the fighting and annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, Reuters said.
Trump said their respect for Putin would not affect their foreign policy.
Read alsoTrump, Putin talk by phone about stabilizing relations – Kremlin"I respect a lot of people but that doesn't mean I'm going to get along with him. He's a leader of their country. I say it's better to get along with Russia than not," Trump said in an interview with Fox News host Bill O'Reilly on Saturday.
The call was the first direct contact between the two leaders since the inauguration of Trump, whose aim to improve relations with the Kremlin has alarmed Kyiv while the nearly three-year-old conflict remains unresolved.
BERGEN BEACH, Brooklyn — An angry commuter threw a hot cup of coffee at a bus driver's face late Wednesday night, police said.
The driver, a 33-year-old man, was on their meal break around 11:30 p.m. at Veterans Avenue and East 70th Street when a woman asked them when the bus would be moving, an NYPD spokesperson said. They explained that the bus was out of service.
Furious, the woman tossed their coffee at the man, police said. They fled the scene.
The driver was conscious and alert when they were taken to the hospital. The extent of their injuries was not immediately available.
Police say the coffee-throwing woman is in their 40s.
Assaulting an MTA employee is a Class D felony punishable by up to seven years in prison.
Submit tips to police by calling Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477), visiting www.nypdcrimestoppers.com, or texting 274637 (CRIMES) then entering TIP577. Spanish-speaking callers are asked to dial 1-888-57-PISTA (74782).
Jeremiah 10 NIV 1 Hear what the LORD says to you, O house of Israel. 2 This is what the LORD says:
“Do not learn the ways of the nations
or be terrified by signs in the sky,
though the nations are terrified by them.
3 For the customs of the peoples are worthless;
they cut a tree out of the forest,
and a craftsman shapes it with their chisel. 4 They adorn it with silver and gold;
they fasten it with hammer and nails
so it will not totter. King James Version 3For the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe. Hebrew Masoretic Text 3 For the customs of the peoples are vanity; for it is but a tree which one cutteth out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman with the axe. Septuagint 3 because the precepts of the nations are vain: there is a tree from the forest, cut down, a work of a craftsman, and a molten image.
5 Like a scarecrow in a melon patch,
their idols cannot speak;
they must be carried
because they cannot walk.
Do not fear them;
they can do no harm
nor can they do any good.”
This passage is often ignored by Christians at Christmas, because it appears to forbid cutting down a tree, bringing it into your home, and decorating it. There are some Christian groups today that forbid Christmas trees due to this passage.
Most Christians who are aware of this verse claim it is about idolatry and not about Christmas trees. This is an Old Testament passage, so obviously it could not be a Christmas tree. Also, they not that in many modern translations the word chisel is used, indicating that the tree was not really a tree but a carved idol. The NIV uses the word chisel. The KJV uses the word axe, as does the Hebrew Masoretic Text. The Septuagint does not use axe or chisel, but calls the tree a “molten image” in verse 3. Once again, the different translations are a source of confusion.
Further verses show that the context of this passage is clearly about the worship of idols. However, verses 3 and 4 are still strong statements against cutting down trees and bringing them into a house to decorate, and these verses are a direct quote from God.
Furthermore, God states clearly that they do not like the customs of other people (non Jews). There are multiple non-Jewish origins of decorating trees that pre-date the Christmas tree. Ancient (and modern) pagans would cut boughs of evergreens for decoration in their homes. Ancient Egyptians decorated their homes with palm tree branches. Greeks decorated evergreen trees as part of worship of their god Adonia. Pagan Romans would decorate trees with metal and replicas of Bacchus, a fertility god. Germans tied fruit and candles to trees in honor of their god Woden. Christians can not accurately claim that decorating a tree is not related to pagan idol worship.
The second-century Christian theologian Tertullian condemned those Christians who celebrated the winter festivals, or decorated their houses with laurel boughs in honor of the emperor: “Let them over whom the fires of hell are imminent, affix to their posts, laurels doomed presently to burn: to them the testimonies of darkness and the omens of their penalties are suitable. You are a light of the world, and a tree ever green. If you have renounced temples, make not your own gate a temple.” Other Christian leaders condemned the “pagan” practice of christmas trees, including the Pilgrim's second governor, William Bradford. The Jehovah's Witnesses, the Worldwide Church of God (recent post at http://worldwidechurchgod.blogspot.com/2009/12/call-for-christmas-tree-sellers-to.html) and many fundamentalist Christian groups still forbid Christmas trees. Notice the Worldwide Church of God link mentions Jeremiah 10 as well.
Most Christians, however, continue to ignore this passage and any other passage in the bible that contradicts their opinions.
Advertisements
Implementing custom Om.next parsers
Wilker Lucio Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 3, 2017
Om.next is blowing my mind (and if you are reading this, probably yours too!!) with this new approach to writing UI's, but still all very new and we are all learning how to deal with this new ideas. Today I want to talk about my experience writing a custom parser to read Om.next queries on the server; I hope I can give you some insights to create your own. So let's start!
Update: I've wrote a library that abstracts the operations mentioned on this article, you can it at https://github.com/wilkerlucio/pathom. This article still a good reference for how to make things this way, but for real apps I encourage you to try Pathom.
Before we begin
This tutorial assumes you are comfortable with Om.next query syntax and some basic parsing operations, if you are not, here are some recommended reading:
https://anmonteiro.com/2016/01/om-next-query-syntax: it's a good explanation around the Om.next query syntax
https://awkay.github.io/om-tutorial/#!/om_tutorial.E_State_Reads_and_Parsing: here you will find good information about the basics of writing parsers.
On this tutorial we are focusing on how to write a parser in a more sophisticated way, making it composable and extensible. We are going to revisit some basics on the way, but the focus here is on a larger picture.
Let's build Youtube!
For this tutorial we are going to build a subset of some Youtube features, implementing a subset of their API into Om.next graph style.
Given any youtube video page, like this:
Given the page above, how can we describe these data needs with an Om.next query?
Here is one way how:
We start our query right away with an ident query making a join. The ident query [video/by-id "XHGKIzCcVa0"] makes the initial reference for the video of the page, from then we have it's attributes and joins.
The layout of the query internals is designed to reflect the Youtube API v3, and this will be handy later for us to generalize the access; you can check more details about it here.
By the end of this tutorial, we are going to read the contents from the Youtube API using our previous query.
Starting a new Parser
We will start with a very basic parser, a “hello world” parser you might say:
This parser will always return “Hello World” value, no matter what query we send. Try it: (parser {} [:one :two]) , which returns:
{:one "Hello World"
:two "Hello World"}
The way Om.next Parser works, is by calling your read function for each item on the query (only the roots, not automatically recursive), it's good to keep that in mind; since your read function is going to be called once for each requested attribute, think of it as a function that processes a single key, I found this helps the thought process.
The problem that I see with hard coding the read function is that you can't change it during the parsing time; we can change that by making the read function part of the environment instead of hard coding it:
The difference is that now we can write small read functions outside, and swipe than at any point of our parsing, it will get more clear as we make use of it down the road, stick with me. (I choose to only send the env for the reader function to make it easy to pass down since we can extract the key and params from the env ).
Let's talk about the environment; it contains not only the things you send to the parse but also other valuable information you are going to need when processing the query. Here is a list of some then that we will be using:
:parser this contains the parser itself, making easy to call the parser again recursively, a typical case is when dealing with a join field (that includes children items to be parsed)
this contains the parser itself, making easy to call the parser again recursively, a typical case is when dealing with a join field (that includes children items to be parsed) :query only present when a sub-query exists for the current item, same as (get-in env [:ast :query])
only present when a sub-query exists for the current item, same as :ast is the AST for the current entry, I recommend you play around with om.next/query->ast to get familiar with how the AST is structured, here I'll post some examples, so you get exposure to it, but please try some for yourself until you are comfortable with the format:
For each call to our read function, the AST will be a children item from the root.
Project Setup
Before we go on let's create a new project and add the dependencies that we are going to use:
Thinking on a composable graph
In Om.next our data is represented as a graph, and this can't be different for our parser on the server, but while the client reads from a map in memory; our server must read in parts, lazily, while it navigates through the query. So it's about implementing the nodes on the graph, and how each node can navigate, ideally we want those nodes to be composable pieces; parts that we can move around and reuse as we wish, from now on, we will call these parts Readers.
Starting the Root Reader
Now we are going to start our real parser, implementing our root node. The only thing we need to handle at the root now is the [video/by-id "SOME-ID"] :
Not the video yet, but this illustrates how we can extract the ID value so we can decide which video we need to load.
First, we retrieve the key from the AST, so we know what we need to handle on this iteration, then we check if the key is an ident.
An ident means it's a vector with exactly two items, which the first is a keyword .
In case it is an ident , then we break it down by the left and right sides of it, separating type from the id. When it's a video request, we will fetch and expose it.
Before we continue, we need to implement some requests to the Youtube API.
Youtube API
To make the requests, we are going to need a Youtube Key, you can find/create one at https://console.developers.google.com/. Go in “Credentials” and create an API Key.
With the key on hands, the implementation to load a video is straight forward:
Remember to use your key.
To request a video, we need to make the API call querying for the ID and for the part , the part part specifies which resources from the video should be fetched; there is a list of available parts and their costs at https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/videos/list.
Run the following to try out video fetch function:
(video-by-id #:video{:id "oyLBGkS5ICk" :parts #{"snippet"}})
Output:
Time to go back to the parser.
Smart Reading
It's time to figure out how to get from our query to the Youtube request. So we have to determine the arguments to video-by-id from our parser environment.
The id is easy; we already extracted it before. For the parts , take a look again at how we described the query for our full page, notice we have keys :video/snippet and :video/statistics . Taking just the name from the keywords, we can get the part . This way we only fetch from Youtube the parts that we are going use.
We use query->ast helper so we can extract just the keys from the properties, this makes easy to handle “join cases” (which are common here). Then for each key, we get the keyword name and convert to camel case to match how Youtube has it.
The csk namespace comes from [camel-snake-kebab.core :as csk] .
Putting it together with the updated reader:
The interesting part here is where we do a recursive call on the parser . We extract the parser from the environment and call it again, add ::entity to the environment and changing the reader. Now we must implement the youtube-key-reader that will use the ::entity from the environment and map the requested keys.
Here we do something similar we did to get the part ; we use the camel-cased version of the keyword name to find the key to the Youtube return. Then, if the value is a map, we recursively do the process again, note this time we didn't have to change the reader since it's already on the key reader. Try out this query now:
I find this to be cool; now our client just specifies the data needs, we fetch only the required things by the user, and then just extracts precisely what was asked, all in a singular format, DDA for the win! :)
Coercing results with spec
You might catch one problem on our return, the numbers on statistics are strings instead of numbers, and the published-at is also a string instead of a date. Let's solve that with spec!
With specs on hands, let's create some helpers to do the coercion:
The idea here is to get the form from the spec and dispatch a coercion from it. This is far from fully featured; it will only support simple specs (without using s/and or any other composition thing (you can improve this by a smarter implementation of spec->coerce-sym ). If you want to make a more full-featured version of built-in-coercions , check this for a reference of symbols to implement. For our purposes, this implementation will work just fine.
Time to update youtube-key-reader to support coercing:
Try again, and you will get coerced results.
Update: I launched a new lib that handles coercion in a same way as described before, but with much more inferences implemented, working on Clojure and Clojurescript, check it out at: https://github.com/wilkerlucio/spec-coerce.
Fetching associated data
So far we did handle all client needs making a single request to Youtube, now it's time to load more that on the fly, how much that changes for us? Not much actually.
First, we need to have a new method on om-next-server-parser.youtube to fetch a channel, very much like we did for videos:
To handle special keys, let's turn the youtube-key-reader into a multimethod , that dispatches on the dispatch-key of the AST, we will have a special handler for :video/channel , and our previous implementation is going to be default:
The trick here is to find the associated information at the currently parsed entity; and this is why our :video/channel is inside the :video/snippet , this is where the required information is available. And in the same way, we did for the videos; we are using the query to figure the parts we need to load.
And like magic, we can now do:
Next is time for the comments, Youtube uses two resources for it: CommentThreads and Comments, when you want comments on a video or channel you must ask for the CommentThreads, and they get the comments and possibly the replies, on this tutorial we will handle only the top level ones.
Implementing the comments on om-next-server-parser.youtube:
Adding the :video/comments to the key reader:
The novelty here is just that we are mapping the results with the parser since we are dealing with a collection return now.
We also introduced a problem, during the query->parts it will try to put comments as part of parts , and Youtube API will reject it with a 400 response. We can handle that by filtering the part at Youtube API function, only keeping the valid ones:
Let's kick in a full query with all we got so far:
The query can go get very complex, your code doesn't have to.
Placeholder nodes
There is one issue that some people stumbled upon while using Om.next; the problem happens when you need to display two or more different views of the same item as siblings (regarding query arrangement, not necessarily DOM siblings), how do you make this query?
For an example using our structure, let's say you want to have two different views for a video category inside of the video, given these components:
You might be tempted to concat the queries, and in case you don't have nesting like we do here, that may even look like it's working, but let me break this illusion for you; because it's not. When you use om/get-query it's not just the query that's returned; it also contains meta-data telling from which component that query came from.
This information is important, Om.next uses to index your structure and enables incremental updates. When you concat the queries, you lose this, and as a consequence, when you try to run a mutation later that touches those items you will have a “No queries exist at the intersection of component path” thrown in your face.
This problem is still in discussion on the Om.next repository. So far the best way I know to handle this is to use placeholder nodes, so let's learn how to manage those cases properly.
What we need is to be able to branch out the different queries, this is my suggestion on how to write the VideoComponent query:
The trick is to create a convention about placeholder nodes, in this case, we choose the namespace ph to represent “placeholder nodes”, so when the query asks for :ph/something we should just do a recursive call, but staying at the same logical position in terms of parsing, as if we had stayed on the same node.
Here is one way to implement this on the server:
This is a little or engine, the read-sequence takes readers and try to run then until it finds a value that isn't ::continue , it's just a unique value we pick to make able to recognize when a reader is not capable of handling the currently asked key, moving to the next on the list.
We also updated our dynamic-parser to always try the placeholder here, making it globally available.
The code so far
Here is the cumulative code we wrote on this article (also added specs for the used attributes):
Conclusion
I hope by now you have an idea on how to write your Om.next parser, on this article we took advantages of Youtube conventions to write tiny amount of code and got a lot of coverage. We did wrapping of an external library, but you can use the same techniques to wrap a SQL database or a Datomic database, or your microservices architecture, pretty much whatever you want.
The Clojure syntax is very expressive, this means we don't need a new parser like GraphQL folks do, we can stay on our data structures, no extra syntax parser.
A tip that I would like to leave: use qualified keywords, in conjunction with specs they are a powerful tool to convey meaning to your values just by knowing the key name.
And I lied to you, the query expressed is not entirely implemented, we missed the related, and I'll leave that for you to implement, at this point, you have enough information for it, go and practice :).
Here you can find some suggestions to practice and improve this Om.next API for Youtube:
The Baltimore riots threw a spotlight on the poverty and isolation of the African-American community where the unrest began last month. The problems were underscored on Friday when the Justice Department, in response to Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake's request, started an investigation of the Police Department, which has an egregious history of brutality and misconduct.
Other cities are plagued by the same difficulties, but they have proved especially intractable in Baltimore. A new study from Harvard offers evidence that Baltimore is perhaps the worst large city in the country when measured by a child's chances of escaping poverty.
The city's racially segregated, deeply poor neighborhoods cast an especially long shadow over the lives of low-income boys. For example, those who grew up in recent decades in Baltimore earn 28 percent less at age 26 than otherwise similar kids who grew up in an average county in the United States.
As shocking as they are, these facts make perfect sense in the context of the century-long assault that Baltimore's blacks have endured at the hands of local, state and federal policymakers, all of whom worked to quarantine black residents in ghettos, making it difficult even for people of means to move into integrated areas that offered better jobs, schools and lives for their children. This happened in cities all over the country, but the segregationist impulse in Maryland generally was particularly virulent and well-documented in Baltimore, which is now 63 percent black.
Today I was scrolling around feminist sites when I saw another angry young Tumblrina ranting about the patriarchy (because a guy was rude on the subway) and it hit me why this bothers me so much: When I was a teenager, life was fun because America was a free country.
Don't get me wrong. There was plenty of misery and loneliness in the world during the 1970s, but people didn't have to tiptoe around in fear they might say something “offensive” to somebody. In fact, America in the 1970s was arguably a Golden Age of free expression. The great convulsive upheaval of the 1960s — stuff that happened while I was in elementary school — had the effect of undoing many of the constraints on art, music, literature, movies and TV that had previously imposed limits on what you could say or write. So when I was a teenager, my buddies and I could listen to comedy albums by George Carlin, Richard Pryor and Cheech and Chong saying stuff that was hilarious in part because it was stuff you weren't supposed to say. We went to the movies and saw Blazing Saddles, Kentucky Fried Movie and Animal House — movies that were a deliberate poke in the eye of “good taste.” National Lampoon was full of wicked satire, “Doctor Demento” was on the radio every week, Saturday Night Live was in its glory days and, for anyone with a sense of humor, the 1970s was a great decade to be alive, because there were no rules.
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO AMERICA?
What about freedom, huh? When did we turn into a nation of busybodies and tattletales, constantly pointing the finger of blame at each other? Everybody's yelling accusations — racism! sexism! homophobia! — and trying to silence anybody who says anything they don't like.
Long before my @rsmccain Twitter account got shut down by these feminist totalitarians, I was conscious of how the #GamerGate controversy had exposed the busybody/tattletale third-grade hall-monitor mentality of the 21st-century “progressive” movement. Allum Bokhari coined the term “cultural libertarianism” to describe the emerging opposition to the rigid political correctness that so-called “Social Justice Warriors” (SJWs) seek to impose on public discourse.
This is what Milo Yiannopoulos and the “Dangerous Faggot” tour is all about. Milo doesn't even have to say anything to spark a left-wing riot on university campuses. Their mere existence offends progressives so much that you could shut down any college in America for a day, merely by announcing that Milo would be there. If they missed their flight and didn't even show up for the speech, you'd still have a bunch of angry fat girls with bad hair stomping around campus chanting stupid slogans, claiming to be “traumatized” by the thought that someone who disagreed with them had been invited to speak. So if Milo missed a connecting flight in Atlanta or Chicago, he'd still be trying to get a new ticket and meanwhile, outside the university auditorium 800 miles away, protesters would be screaming themselves hoarse in paroxysms of rage for no reason at all.
How did we get here? Who is to blame for the fact that so many “educated” young people have no sense of humor and are unable even to understand how ludicrous their aggrieved mau-mau pose is?
Also, why do mobs of crazy people show up to protest Trump rallies? We're five months away from Election Day, and all the “experts” keep telling us there's no way Trump can win, so why bother? If you live in California — a state that hasn't gone Republican in a presidential election in more than 20 years — why get so worked up about it?
That moment when it becomes obvious an SJW needs their dosage adjusted. https://t.co/2JL0Lrknr4 #GamerGate pic.twitter.com/CQtbZcc4fV — FreeStacy (@Not_RSMcCain) June 3, 2016
California is a gigantic lunatic asylum, full of psychotics, perverts and Communists. It's almost as bad as New York City, except the weather is better in California and the women aren't as ugly as New York women.
Look, I don't claim to have any solutions to all the world's problems, but if feminism was the solution to women's oppression, don't you think maybe after all this time it would have solved the problem? Are creeps on the subway in New York less creepy than they were in 1968? Are there more creeps on the subway, or less? Is there more rape on college campuses or less? Please, tell me what you expect me to do about these problems. I don't live in New York and I'm not a college student, but as far as I can tell from reading feminist blogs, both New York City and college campuses are terrible places where evil violent men constantly terrorize helpless women, and yet women nevertheless continue (a) going to college and (b) moving to New York after they graduate. You want a solution to this problem? You want “social justice”? OK, we should abolish college education and, as for New York City . . .
Drastic, you say? Well, sure, but if you want to solve the problem, it's obvious that drastic measures will necessary. Once we've wiped New York City off the map with a thermonuclear blast, then maybe those Commie a–holes in California will understand we mean business.
… and the winner of the Most Oppressed
Intersectional Victim of Social Injustice
College Graduate Award … pic.twitter.com/ZoCPNTc6Y0 — FreeStacy (@Not_RSMcCain) June 4, 2016
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
I'm not that old, but I remember a few decades ago when Canadian culture was far different. I remember when most people described themselves as “Christian”, even though that meant “confused theist” at best. I remember when almost all businesses were closed on Sunday because it was “the Lord's day”. I also remember when most people were at least affiliated with a church. None of those things are true anymore but for the most part, that's not because too much has actually changed. The people who pretended to be Christians are no longer pretending, on multiple fronts.
Still, a whole lot of my personal friends have abandoned the faith over the years and I've watched hundreds leave the church and several even go from “Bible geek” to “raging atheist”. A while ago, I ran across an article that talked about the importance of Christians being part of a church and it brought this topic to mind. The writer listed several reason why people might be part of a church and several reasons why people might remove themselves from a church, and didn't cast any judgment on their biblical validity…but this was their comprehensive list.
Their list of reasons why people would attend church were the following:
1. Family.
2. Social network/friends.
3. Centering (slowing down and taking time to be with God)
4. Freedom from the “bondage in their lives” (?!?).
5. Satisfying hunger for God and experiencing worship.
6. Moral re-orientation/moral assurance.
7. Tradition.
Their list of reasons why people would leave the church was the following.
1. Apostasy
2. Sloth
3. Fear of conflict/encountering enemies.
4. Judgmentalism/hypocrisy.
5. Pride in their maturity (people think they no longer learn anything in church)
6. Pain and fear of repetition of painful experiences.
7. Lack of desired care/entertainment.
8. Frustration with politics.
9. Fear of the opinions/judgment of others.
We were not amused because the article was written by a graduate of an evangelical Bible College (my own alma matter, in fact) and it reflected the shallow “Christian” tradition from which I have emerged. If those were the reasons why someone would go to church, or if even one of them was a reason why someone should be part of a church, I was slightly underwhelmed with conviction. I found that the author didn't include any of the reasons why I go to church and I found that strange and confusing.
So why do I go to church? Here are fourteen reasons that I could think of:
1. I want to please Christ and he's commanded me to not forsake the church (Heb. 10:24-25).
2. It's the only place where I can fulfill all the “one another” commands in scripture (Mark 9:50; John 13:14, 13:34-35, 15:12 & 17; Rom. 12:10 & 16, 13:8, 14:13, 15:5 & 7, 16:16; 1 Cor. 6:7, 11:33, 12:25, 16:20; 2 Cor.13:11-12; Gal. 5:13, 5:26, 6:1-2; Eph. 4:2, 4:25, 4:32, 5:19 & 21; Col. 3:9 & 13 & 16; 1 Thess. 3:2, 4:9, 4:18, 5:11 & 15; Heb. 3:13, 10:24-25; James 4:11, 5:9 & 16; 1 Pet. 1:22, 4:8-10, 5:5 & 14; 1 John 3:11 & 23, 4:7, 4:11-12; 2 John 1:5.)
To try to fulfill all these commands outside of the church, is impossible. To ignore them is to choose to willfully sin.
3. I love fellow believers and want to be with them for no other reason than simply being together with family. It's just refreshing and invigorating to be around people who love the Lord and to encourage one another. The Spirit in my heart gravitates towards the Spirit in other hearts.
4. I'm part of the body of Christ and it is actually painful to be away from the body all week (see reason #3).
5. The church is where I sit under the teaching of the word of God and I actually desire that, I need that, and it's part of my spiritual growth and health to be regularly exposed to the exposition of the word of God (1 Tim. 4:11-16). The word dwells in me more thoroughly when I sit under it's right instruction.
6. I need to regularly face the terror of communion in order to force me to deal with outstanding sin in my life and keep short accounts with God (1 Cor. 11:27-30).
7. I desire to serve in the church and that's the proper domain for my extra -curricular labors (Acts 6:1-6; 1 Cor. 16:15-18; Eph. 4:10-12)
8. I know I need to be protected from false teachers/teaching and I'm NOT the one who protects myself; God has places structures in my life (which involves the church and it's leadership) in order to guard me from false teaching and I need to submit to those structures and the people who work within them (Titus 1:9-11; 1 Peter 5:5-9). I may be a decently biblically knowledgeable fellow, but false teaching comes in far more subtle varieties than the “punch in the face” variety that most folks easily recognize and I'm not immune to deception.
9. The church has been given the ordinance of discipline for the care of the wayward members (Matt. 18:15-20; 1 Cor. 5:1-13) and if I remove myself from the church, I also remove myself from God's appointed system of watching over me when my soul desires to stray from the Lord.
10. I go to church because the brothers and sisters around me are the ones who confirm the positive changes in my life that I doubt (i.e. the presence of love in my life that I don't see), and they're the ones who give me reason for assurance of my salvation and help me silence my doubting heart (1 John 3:11-24).
11. I go to church because I need to learn to submit to Christ, and I get practice when I learn to submit to the leadership above me unto which God has commanded my submission (Heb. 13:7 & 17; 1 Pet. 5:5). One of the most basic habits that a Christian must cultivate is one of submission to the Lord and their word, and the church offers me a caring and safe place to learn to submit because submission is a worthy end goal in itself. Even if I have a mediocre pastor (and I definitely have had mediocre pastors in my past) or go to an imperfect church (I've heard rumor that they're out there…somewhere…), I need to learn to submit to those that the Lord had placed over me because it's good for my heart.
12. I go to church because that's where I find examples of Christian maturity to imitate in the elders who are above me (1 Cor. 11:1; 2 Thess. 3:6-9; Heb. 13:7). It's one thing to read my bible and learn doctrine and practice; it's completely different to see doctrine and practice manifest in the lives of believers who are more mature than I am.
13. The church is also full of fellow believers who are difficult to love and church is where I learn to love the brethren. (Rom. 12:15, 14:15; 1 Cor. 4:14-21; 2 Cor. 11:1-12:21, 13:11; Gal. 3:1, 5:13; 1 Thess. 4:9; 1 Pet. 1:22, 2:17; 2 Pet. 1:7; 1 John 2:10, 3:10-17, 4:20-21). You cannot and should not try to escape fellow believers who are difficult to love; God has placed them in your life so that you can practice patience, love, selflessness, etc.
14. I go to church because the church has been entrusted with the dual ordinances of Baptism (Matt. 28:19; Acts 19:1-7; Rom. 6:3-11; 1 Pet. 3:18-22) and the Lord's Supper (Luke 22:14-20; 1 Cor. 11:23-26). Though neither administers grace nor ensures any sort of security in salvation, both are commanded for believers and necessary for growth into maturity. Baptism is a public identification with and commitment to Christ and the church, and the Lord's Supper as a continual proclamation of the death of Christ and a continual reminder of dealing with outstanding sin and keeping short accounts with God (see reason #6). As the church regularly partakes in these 2 ordinances, the gospel is both illustrated and applied in the church.
To sum it up:
I go to church because I don't want to go to Hell.
I am sure there are several more reasons, but those fourteen are at least a start.
Can you think of any reasons for being part of a church that I missed?
If you plan on going to the Baltimore Running Festival on Oct. 18 and cheer for the runners, slow down, hotshot. There are a few things you should learn so you know how to clap and chant properly. Take a peek at the website:
CHEER WORDS Here are some words of encouragement to offer runners as they pass your Cheering Section onsite or at home: 1. "Way to Run" 2. "Awesome" 3. "Looking Strong" 4. "Looking Good" 5. "Enjoy Baltimore"
"Thanks! I will after the feeling of death goes away!"
6. "You Can Do It" 7. "You're Flying" 8. "Keep it Up" NOTE: Unless you are at the Stadium near the finish line, please DO NOT cheer "Almost there", "Not far to go" etc. After running 26 miles, "almost there" is a few hundred feet from the finish line.
That's right; read that note again. DO NOT make runners think they're almost done when they're actually at mile 13. Is there history behind this? Was there an incident when marathon trolls yelled "ALMOST THERE" after the second mile? Honestly, "Almost there" is less distracting than "You're flying!"
Photo of Chicago Marathon: AP
H/t to Joe
The plant closures will cost 360 people their jobs. Credit:Jessica Shapiro In a day of mixed fortunes for rural communities, Murray Goulburn also said it would write off debts owed to it by farmers under its controversial Milk Supply Support Package. Murray Goulburn set up the scheme early last year after it drastically and retrospectively cut its farm gate milk prices, throwing farmers who had budgeted on the higher price Murray Goulburn promised into financial turmoil. Farmers were due to start making repayments in July, but all debts would be wiped, the company said. Any farmers who had made repayments between July and September last year would be refunded. United Dairyfarmers of Victoria president Adam Jenkins said the decision was a "huge step forward in rebuilding trust and confidence" between farmers and Murray Goulburn, which could even entice some out of the droves who stopped supplying the company to return.
"Even the language in the communication that's come out of MG today is putting the farmer first," they said. Mr Jenkins said the next step in restoring trust would be if Murray Goulburn can offer a competitive milk price next season. Murray Goulburn suppliers, who are also shareholders under the co-operative model, will be hit with a cut to farm gate prices this season, with the company lowering its forecast from $4.70 a kilogram to $4.60 on Tuesday because of "weaker trading conditions". But Murray Goulburn said it remained committed to paying an average of $4.95 a kilogram this financial year. To fund that price, the company said it would suspend dividend payments to shareholders immediately and deviate from its "profit-sharing mechanism", which allocates dividend payments to shareholders based on farm gate milk prices.
Murray Goulburn's sweetener to farmers comes after the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission last week launched court action against the co-operative and its former managing director Gary Helou and former chief financial officer Bradley Hingle, alleging they misled farmers on what milk prices to expect in 2015 and 2016. Murray Goulburn's chief executive officer Ari Mervis, who has been in the role for less than three months, said its decision to wipe its suppliers' debts was not influenced by the court action. The ACCC is not seeking a pecuniary penalty against the company, because that would ultimately hurt its farmer owners. Mr Mervis acknowledged that last year's debt arrangement had an "enormously adverse effect" on farmers' finances and the relationship between them and the company. The initial feedback from Tuesday's announcement had been positive, they said. "The journey to enhancing trust, respect and confidence is always a long one – it's an easy one to slide off but it's a long one to rebuild," they said. "It's not something that's commanded and it's certainly not built overnight." Shares in MG Unit Trust, which was floated on the ASX in 2015 as a way for non-farmers to invest in Murray Goulburn, fell 14 per cent to 92.5¢ after investors learnt dividends would not be paid.
The funding vehicle floated at $2.10 a share but crashed during last year's milk crisis and has not recovered. Mr Mervis said it was in shareholders' interests for Murray Goulburn to be in a strong financial position. "These were difficult decisions but they were decisions that needed to be taken," they said. Loading Deputy Prime Minister and Nationals leader Barnaby Joyce said they were happy that farmers would be getting more money.
"What it puts up in big flashing lights is that the previous management of Murray Goulburn did some pretty ordinary things, and the ramifications of it have been widespread," they told the ABC.
ctvottawa.ca
Two Ottawa residents are biking from Vancouver back to the capital to raise awareness of OxyContin's impact on their northern community.
Ida Fiddler and their niece Meagan Anishinabe are from Sandy Lake, Ont., where they said prescription drug abuse is so rampant that kindling is stolen to sell for drug money.
"It's really hard to talk about my people like that, to actually tell people and let people know what's happening," said Ida Fiddler.
"Our people are struggling with it, it's destroying a lot of lives," said Anishinabe.
Fiddler's 35-year-old sister recently finished a five-week treatment program in the northwestern Ontario community.
"I really want to help our people to help them come off the prescription drugs that are highly affecting a lot of our people," Fiddler said.
Money from their ride, which has no sponsors and very little funding, is going to fund aftercare programs in Sandy Lake.
Fiddler took four months off work for the ride, and the pair plan on camping out along the route as well as staying with generous Canadians.
Theland Kicknosway, 8, is donating $50 from every hoop dance they perform to help them on their long journey.
"I was like ‘Holy moly, wow that's far,'" they said.
The ride begins May 23, with the goal to finish by mid-August as Anishinabe starts at Royal Miliatry College in the fall.
You can e-mail Rideforhope211@gmail.com for more information.
With a report from CTV Ottawa's Karen Soloman
James F. Tracy
Activist Post
On June 3, 2014, at the ostensible recommendation of the Southern Poverty Law Center [1] the U.S. Department of Justice announced it will revive the Domestic Terrorism Executive Committee (DTEC), founded after the 1995 Oklahoma City Murrah Federal Building bombing.
“We must concern ourselves wth the continued danger we face from individuals within our own borders who may be motivated by a variety of other causes from anti-government animus to racial prejudice,” Attorney General Eric Holder remarked.[2]
Days after the SPLC's calls for the reconstitution of the DTEC, something uncanny takes place: militant anti-government conspiracy theorists shoot two cops in a pizzeria and barricade themselves in a nearby Wal Mart. SPLC spokespersons then took to the media with a sort of “I told you so” bravado.
The overt politicization of the event, largely framed in dubious SPLC “research” on “hate groups,” proceeds in now-predictable fashion. Jerad Miller “was clearly part of the Patriot movement,” the Southern Poverty Law Center's Mark Potok explains on Democracy Now!
The one thing they really talked about a lot was guns. And that of course is central concern for the Patriot movement. At one point, they talked about, if you even disagree that the Second Amendment should be interpreted in such a way in a very liberal way in terms of an ownership, that you should be hung from a lamppost if you don't leave the country. So that seemed to be really the central idea.[3]
The SPLC's Heidi Beirich similarly tells MSNBC's Al Sharpton,
This movement's rhetoric is so extreme in terms of hatred of police, federal officials, the entire government apparatus, the Obama administration, etc., that it's not surprising to see somebody like that—like Miller—making these basic threats toward law enforcement. This is where this rhetoric leads—to hatred of all those kinds of officials and often violence [sic].” [4]
Such talking points have likewise reverberated throughout corporate-owned media. Raw Story called the assailants “right wing conspiracy nuts with a deathwish.” The Daily Beast asserted that the culprits' “radicalism was cultivated in online conversations about conspiracy theories ranging from ChemTrails to fluoride in the water supply.” CNN referenced a study by The New America Foundation to argue that “right wing views” are more dangerous than Al Qaeda, while MSNBC host Alex Carey hosts expressed outrage over “anti-government fear-mongering on the fringe” and “the zealotry of the far-far right.”[5]
The US government, major media, and propaganda organs like the SPLC operate with the smug assuredness that an overwhelming majority of the public will accept the veracity of public events provided, 1) the information is relayed by official figures in measured tones and appropriate attire, 2) such information is presented with pleasing and predictable visual cues, and 3) the information is accompanied by editorial inference as to how exactly one is to interpret it.
History suggests that we've been here before–in fact almost twenty years ago as Congress sought to pass largely unpopular anti-terrorism legislation.
The official story concerning 1995 Oklahoma City Murrah Federal Building bombing that most people will recite as catechism is that Timothy McVeigh had become increasingly “radicalized” with anti-government views. Such perspectives led them to plot with a small group of conspirators to bomb the Murrah building.
This is the “official story” established largely as a result of SPLC propaganda relentlessly parroted by major news media in the aftermath of that tragic event. “Once the Justice Department announced the capture of McVeigh and [Terry] Nichols” shortly after the bombing, author David Hoffman observes,
the mainstream media, with information manly supplied by the Anti-Defamation League of the B'nai B'rith, and the Southern Poverty Law center, focused their anti-militia spotlights. Attacks on the Patriot/Militia movement continued for months, even without documentable proof of the suspects' connections to the militias, or the militias' connection to the bombing.[6]
The fear and paranoia surrounding the specter of “homegrown terrorism” continued until September 11, 2001, when the military-industrial-intelligence complex modified its terror card to focus public attention on swarthy, gun-toting Muslims.
As the title suggests, these kinds of posts aren't gonna be full-blown reviews, but just talking a little more casually about games I've been playing lately. I think the purpose of these will be mostly for games I want to talk a little bit more in-depth about, without doing an actual review (because, you know, that takes work).
But yes, I've played a little bit of Nexuiz. That is, the new, Illfonic developed XBLA games using CryEngine 3, and not the original free open-source PC game by Alientrap. I have no idea how to properly pronounce that. Some friends and I have been pronouncing it "Nexus", though the original game pronounces it "Nex-ee-us" on it's main menu screen. Either way, it's a silly name. Currently, it's only out on XBLA, but PSN and Steam releases are planned for the future. Hopefully the near future in the case of Steam, because this is a game that I feel will play much, much better on PC.
However, even on Xbox with a controller, this game is surprisingly fun. It's very fun, in fact. To someone who is unfamiliar with the game, it's an arena shoooter, a-lá Quake or Unreal Tournament and is similarly fast-paced, though the very nature of the system it's on slows the gameplay down a little, but is still significantly faster than your average console shooter. Perhaps this is why the game surprised me so much. The thought of playing a Quake-esque game with a console controller is almost absurd. I think Quake 3 is actually available on the XBL marketplace, but god knows what that plays like.
Nexuiz just feels... right with a controller. I'm not saying better than with a mouse and keyboard. This game will obviously play much better with that control setup, but the fact Illfonic have made a fast-paced arena shooter that works well on a console is commendable. In fact, it makes me even more excited about the eventual PC release because, if it plays this well with a controller, it must be phenomenal on PC, right?
The gameplay is pretty typical of these types of shooters. You run around in a small enclosed map shooting dudes with the crazy sci-fun guns also typical of these types of shooters. The main twist is the inclusion of "mutators", effects that can drastically alter the way the game is played for either yourself, your team, or everyone. There are some of the fairly typical ones you would expect: double damage, infinite ammo, etc, but there are also some pretty crazy ones, like inverting everyone's aim, making a random person explode, turning everyone into sombrero-wearing piñatas... some of them are pretty hilarious. And it's the inclusion of things like these that gives the game it's character and shows that the game doesn't take itself too seriously. Which is a good thing.
So, I think I'm gonna try and play more of it, in amongst all the other games I have going on right now (which can be a whole other blog post in and of itself). It's a ton of fun, and a lot of the people I play with think so as well, which is a rare occurrence. There's a demo on the Xbox Live Marketplace if you want to try it out. It limits some features... like playing with friends... but like the Gotham City Impostors demo, is enough to get a jist of how the game plays.
We've long derided appliancelike vehicles for being the wrong answer to the transportation problem. The recent Toyota recalls bring up an interesting question: If you remove the driver from the act of driving, what happens when something goes wrong?
Driving is supposed to be a sensory-based activity, one that utilizes sight, sound, smell and touch to accomplish a purposeful, and often entertaining, task. You watch the world around you, you listen to the sound of rubber meeting the road, you smell the aroma of hot brakes, and you feel how the car reacts as you traverse a corner. Once upon a time, using these senses, ordinary people could diagnose (and often fix) problems. If you didn't know how to fix something, you were still provided with the opportunity to notice an issue — machinery was transparent enough that you could at least say "Hey, something is wrong here," and take your car to someone who could fix it.
Over the course of the past few decades, however, our senses have been usurped by sensors In many cases, tasks that used to be performed by the driver are now accomplished by electronic sensors. You don't look for traffic in the next lane over because you have a lane departure warning system. You don't listen to your car's engine because your car listens for you — if something goes wrong, a light will come on and let you know. You don't even have to learn how to drive a car within the limits of its tires or suspension — electronic stability control takes care of that.
On a fundamental level, a lot of this is unavoidable. If you distill its purpose down, the car doesn't exist to make you happy or involve you in what it's doing; its purpose is to provide clean, safe transportation. Given that, technology creep is inevitable, and a lot of it is for the better — things like electronically controlled differentials and engine management systems that allow for streetable, sky-high horsepower are proof of that.
Advertisement
Still, we can't help thinking that something is wrong.
The problem comes when you dilute the man-machine connection. Toyota, more than any other company, is guilty of this. Even the company's CEO, Akio Toyoda, has acknowledged that excitement is lacking in their product lineup. Get in a new Toyota product like the Camry or Corolla and what impresses you most is the unobtrusiveness of the experience — you can drive 300 miles, climb out of the car, and forget that you were driving at all.
Advertisement
When you ask — whether intentionally or not — for a driver to shut down their or their senses, most people will comply. In essence, a Toyota Prius, with its feedback-free controls and slow-is-better mentality, offers you disconnected, on-off options: Stop. Go. Point. The car does everything else, and when something goes wrong, the driver's ability to respond is limited. A lack of choice prompts us to choose less often, which teaches us to think less behind the wheel, which means that we become dumbfounded when presented with simple problems.
Don't believe us? When the floor mats were to blame for creating fiery death situations, Toyota had to release a guide to drivers explaining what to do in the event one gets stuck under the accelerator. When did we start needing this kind of lowest-common-denominator instruction? And why has the act of turning off a car become so complicated? (In order to shut down a vehicle like the Toyota Venza, you have to push a button for three seconds, which also shuts down the power steering. Not exactly the type of instant response you want when you're heading face-first into an eighteen-wheeler.)
Advertisement
What are you supposed to do in that case? Easy: Shift the car into neutral, which preserves control and lets the stuck-throttle engine rev its little heart out with no ill effect. But that, too, is fraught with issues: Many modern cars have shift levers that don't offer an instantly apparent way to disengage the transmission, and few people become familiar with the function because it's rarely used. (I once saw two adults pull over a Mazda3 because it was in automanual mode and they were flummoxed because they didn't know how to shift it.)
And this whole issue with Steve Wozniak's Prius? We're fairly certain that they just doesn't understand how radar cruise control works — after all, it's a complex electronic device, and he's ONLY THE GUY WHO HELPED CREATE THE MODERN PC! The same goes for the Prius brake problems — if the reports are to be believed, we're talking about a one-second delay as the car switches over from regenerative braking to stopping. People can't deal with this? In an older car, it'd be a quirk, but according to the media, it's probably caused hundreds of accidents.
Advertisement
Let's repeat one thing: When it comes to beigeness and the fog of technological complexity, Toyota isn't the only culprit. Every mass-production car sold in America, from Prius to Porsche, uses complicated electronics and drive-by-wire systems; these things are necessary to comply with ever-growing government regulation and societal needs. The difference lies in the approach: The braking system on a 911 is designed to provide both feedback and capability, while the system in a Toyota Prius is aimed solely at regenerative efforts and making you feel like the distant captain of Ed Begley Jr.'s underwear drawer spaceship.
Beige Is The New Vanilla I really like vanilla. In its various subtle forms it can be arousing and enticing without… Read more Read
Advertisement
Everyone wants to know if Toyota's issues can be traced to a software problem — a technical typo, in other words, and not an actual design defect. We think it can be. The modern beige vehicle has so removed the driver from the act of driving that it's rewritten the software in our skulls.
If you're a fan of razor-sharp action, deadly intrigue and conflicted heroes – not to mention vivid, detailed worlds – then chances are you caught the huge buzz that surrounded the release of BLOOD SONG (UK | ANZ), last summer's epic fantasy blockbuster.
The critical acclaim for Anthony Ryan's debut was overwhelming, with even the mighty Buzzfeed chiming in to declare BLOOD SONG an ‘utterly engrossing high-fantasy epic from a major new talent.' More recently, Amazon UK picked the book as their favourite SFF release of 2013.
The good news is that there's more to come. A lot more. Next summer we publish Anthony's incredible new novel TOWER LORD – and we can promise that if you thought BLOOD SONG was impressive, you've not seen anything yet.
Here's the wonderful cover, courtesy of the combined talents of designers Nick Castle and Nik Keevil.
And here's a taste of what you can expect in TOWER LORD (contains spoilers for BLOOD SONG!):
THE REALM BURNS.
Vaelin Al Sorna is tired of war. He's fought countless battles in service to the Realm and Faith. Their reward was the loss of their love, the death of their friends and a betrayal by their king. After five years in an Alpiran dungeon, they just wants to go home.
Reva intends to welcome Vaelin back with a knife between the ribs. They destroyed their family and ruined their life. Nothing will stop them from exacting bloody vengeance – not even the threat of invasion from the greatest enemy the Realm has ever faced.
Yet as the fires of war spread, foes become friends and truths turn to lies. To save the Realm, Reva must embrace a future they do not want – and Vaelin must revisit a past he'd rather leave buried.
TOWER LORD will be published on 3 July 2014 in hardback, trade format and ebook.
Anthony Ryan can be found online at their website and on Twitter.
Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is trading in fine dining and croquet for continental breakfasts and pet-friendly rooms, staying overnight at a Holiday Inn Express while campaigning in Iowa.
The GOP presidential front-runner, famous for their luxurious lifestyle and gilded taste, shacked up at the mid-priced chain's Sioux City location on Friday, according to The New York Times.
ADVERTISEMENT
Some of the amenities at the Holiday Inn Express, where a stay in a standard room goes for about $143 a night, include: free high-speed Internet, golf course views, a hot breakfast bar (included in the nightly rate), and an indoor pool and whirlpool.
While the Hawkeye State accommodations, which Holiday Inn's website says are nestled in a “quaint community thriving on business and agriculture,” may not be the five-star resorts Trump is accustomed to, the real estate mogul gave their brief stay their seal of approval.
“Good mattress, staff was great, good mattress, good everything,” they told the Times the day after their overnight trip.
“It's different and it's certainly not Mar-a-Lago,” Trump said, referring to the exclusive Palm Beach, Fla., club they own, which features “six championship tennis courts, a full size croquet court, a chip and putt golf course,” a ballroom and “lavish seaside cabanas,” according to its website.
But, Trump, 69, said, “I actually enjoyed it. It was good, it was clean.”
Scientists have successfully treated the deadly Ebola virus in infected animals following onset of disease symptoms, according to a report published online today in Science Translational Medicine. The results show promise for developing therapies against the virus, which causes hemorrhagic fever with human case fatality rates as high as 90 percent.
According to first author James Pettitt of the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases (USAMRIID), the research team previously demonstrated that the treatment--known as MB-003--protected 100 percent of non-human primates when given one hour after Ebola exposure. Two-thirds of the animals were protected when treated 48 hours after exposure.
In the current study, 43 percent of infected non-human primates recovered after receiving the treatment intravenously 104 to 120 hours after infection. The experimental design differed significantly from the team's earlier work--this time, infected animals were not treated until they developed measurable symptoms of disease.
Ebola virus has been responsible for numerous deaths in Africa over the past several years. In addition to being a global health concern, the virus also is considered a potential biological threat agent.
"By requiring both a documentable fever and a positive diagnostic assay result for Ebola infection before initiating treatment in these animals, we were able to use MB-003 as a true therapeutic countermeasure," said senior author Gene Olinger, Ph.D., of USAMRIID. "These initial results push the threshold of MB-003 from post-exposure prophylaxis to treating verified illness."
According to the scientists, Ebola virus replicates quickly to very high levels, thus overwhelming the host's ability to fight off the infection. MB-003 is a "cocktail" of monoclonal antibodies that help bind to and inactivate the virus. In addition, said Pettitt, the antibodies recognize infected cells and trigger the immune system to kill them off. No side effects of the antibodies were observed in the surviving animals.
MB-003 was developed through a decade-long collaborative effort between private industry and the U.S. government, with funding from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), and the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA).
"With no vaccines or therapeutics currently licensed to treat or prevent Ebola virus, MB-003 is a promising candidate for continued development," said collaborator Larry Zeitlin, Ph.D., president of Mapp Biopharmaceutical in San Diego, California.
MB-003 is manufactured in a plant-based system by Kentucky BioProcessing in Owensboro, Kentucky. According to Barry Bratcher, the company's chief operating officer, the plant-based system allows for considerable efficacy while KBP's automated facility keeps MB-003 cost-effective and cuts down on the production time required.
"Our facility can produce these proteins in two weeks at a substantial reduction in cost to other production methods," said Bratcher. "This advanced method of manufacturing allows us to address needs quickly and inexpensively."
Zeitlin said Mapp recently announced formation of a joint venture between LeafBio (Mapp's commercialization arm) and Defyrus of Toronto, Canada, to consolidate their antibody programs. They said the relationship will streamline development of the most potent anti-filovirus products.
According to Zeitlin, the next step in the drug development process would be to more extensively test the safety of the antibodies in animals. Once that is established, the safety of the antibodies would need to be assessed in human volunteers. Ultimately, a large efficacy study in non-human primates and a larger safety study in humans would be required for Food and Drug Administration (FDA) licensure of the product.
###
USAMRIID's mission is to protect the warfighter from biological threats and to be prepared to investigate disease outbreaks or threats to public health. Research conducted at USAMRIID leads to medical solutions--vaccines, drugs, diagnostics, and information--that benefit both military personnel and civilians. The Institute plays a key role as the lead military medical research laboratory for the Defense Threat Reduction Agency's Joint Science and Technology Office for Chemical and Biological Defense. USAMRIID is a subordinate laboratory of the U.S. Army Medical Research and Material Command.
Reference: J. Pettitt, L. Zeitlin, D. H. Kim, C. Working, J. C. Johnson, O. Bohorov, B. Bratcher, E. Hiatt, S. D. Hume, A. K. Johnson, J. Morton, M. H. Pauly, K. J. Whaley, M. F. Ingram, A. Zovanyi, M. Heinrich, A. Piper, J. Zelko, G. G. Olinger. Therapeutic intervention of Ebola virus infection in rhesus macaques with the MB-003 monoclonal antibody cocktail. Sci. Transl. Med. 5, 199ra113 (2013)
For more information about USAMRIID: http://www. usamriid. army. mil
No commercial endorsement is implied.
Dear Ryan
We regret to inform you that we have unfortunately had to make the hard decision to let you go.
It is a hard time out there in Alberta these days and lord knows it's our customers that have gotten us to where we are today. You can imagine how hard it has been on US to have had to make this very difficult decision.
Further, we would like to offer you 8 rules of being a beer critic as unsolicited advice should you ever wish to be a customer of another local brewery in the future.
1 Don't be an asshole. saying “you're just being honest” is not an excuse for being an asshole. If you're having trouble understanding this concept, the great Louis CK can assist you “here”
2 Your opinion is not necessarily right just because you're on social media. Any arrogance derived from simply being a social media critic on untapped or Twitter is unfounded and poor form. South Park Season 19 Episode 04 (you're not yelping) can assist you with this concept.
3 RESPECT THE BREWERY Most breweries came into existence because of REAL PEOPLE with husbands and wives and kids and pets. These are actual living breathing people just like you and me. Many of these people have three mortgages and lay awake every night fearful and in tears from the reality of the price paid for following their dreams of providing a very personal, hand made craft creation to the world. While these breweries, nay, PEOPLE….cherish, and thrive on feedback, they're not huge fans of entitlement or arrogance. Try to imagine you have a baby in a beauty pageant and someone just told you “hey man!! that's an ugly baby you got there!!”
4 Beer is a journey not a destination. No one ever..in the history of time, EVER… tried an IPA as their very very first beer in life and said “hey that's delicious” We're all on our beer journey and our palette's evolve differently. This rule can also be read as “light beer is not shit just because YOU currently enjoy 3 year old barrel aged sours”
5 Beer is meant to bring people together not tear them apart. If you find yourself together with great people enjoying beers, stories, and good times, you are #WINNING. If you find yourself in constant twitter battles, being referred to as a troll, or having parody Twitter accounts made about you to mock your behaviour, you are OFF THE PATH.
6 Local Beer is ALWAYS the best. Local beer is, absolutely, without question, unequivocally, the best! Anyone who says otherwise is an obvious Twatt-Waffle. We all like our quebec imports, Belgian quads and Vermont double IPA's however, trashing grassroots local breweries is never in good form. Any negative reviews of local breweries should be seen as supportive and encouraging. Comments may include “not bad for your 1st batch” or “looking forward to what these guys brew once they get their feet under them”
7 Get in the ring As in any industry, any one who trash talks must be willing to perform the trash talked offence BETTER. see Theodore Roosevelt's “The man in the arena” . Memorize this quote.
8 IT'S JUST BEER, DON'T TAKE IT TOO SERIOUSLY We're not saving lives here, we're sharing good times, with good people over good beer. Try to enjoy the good stuff, forget about the bad stuff, and learn to take a joke. ALL lifes problems can be solved over beer. Now if you find yourself hating this list, come have a beer and a laugh with us!
Sincerely Your friends at Tool Shed Brewing Company
Highlight's Yoon Doo Joon and Yong Junhyung will be traveling to Japan together!
According to Highlight's agency, Around Us, on April 11, the two will be appearing on “Carefree Travelers” and will be flying to Japan on April 13 for recording.
The agency said, “They decided to appear on it because they are close with Jung Hyung Don, and Kim Yong Man takes good care of them.”
This is not the first time for Yoon Doo Joon and Yong Junhyung on a show together. The two also went on “Law of the Jungle” in Samoa.
When Yoon Doo Joon appeared on “Carefree Travelers” alone last time, the show actually reached its highest viewership ratings, so viewers are looking forward to the joint appearance of the two Highlight members.
Source (1)
Spread picks for NFL Week 1
By Eric Eager • Sep 9, 2016
The commencement of every NFL season has the tendency to leave one overcome with anticipation and excitement. Fans got their first taste of real action last night, as the Broncos held off the Panthers in dramatic fashion.
It is with similar enthusiasm that I give my predicted winner and spread for the 15 remaining Week 1 games. The calculations are computed using an ensemble of statistical and mathematical models that account for, among other things, PFF's unique player grades. Early-season models lean more heavily on player and team performance from last season, as well as preseason rankings and betting lines—influences that will fade as the season progresses. Spreads are taken from FootballLOCKS.com.
Buccaneers at Falcons (-3)
Prediction: Falcons win by 4
An early-season matchup in the NFC South pits a hot-starting team from a year ago at home against a team with a quarterback many have pegged to make a substantial leap in year two. Jameis Winston (78.3 overall grade last season) played their best game a season ago against the Falcons (Week 13), and returns all of their main skill-position contributors from a year ago. He'll have to outclass Matt Ryan (86.8), who graded positively in all but four of their games last season, and has Julio Jones (94.4) at their disposal. Jones outpaced all wide receivers last year with 3.04 yards per route run. Tampa Bay's secondary, featuring newcomers Brent Grimes (73.7) and rookie Vernon Hargreaves III, will have to be up to the task to keep the Falcons from covering in this one.
Vikings (-2) at Titans
Prediction: Vikings win by 4
This is possibly the trickiest game of the weekend, with a big unknown being the Vikings' quarterback situation. Regardless of whether Shaun Hill (50.8) or the newly-acquired Sam Bradford (85.3) start, the Vikings' defense, with superstar talent in Linval Joseph (89.0), Everson Griffen (83.9), Anthony Barr (91.8), and Harrison Smith (88.9), should be able to hold serve this week. For the Titans to spoil the Vikings' opener, Jurrell Casey (87.6), Brian Orakpo (80.7), Wesley Woodyard (85.8) and the Titans defense (which was a respectable 16th in total grading last season) needs to stymie Adrian Peterson (74.9) and what is sure to be a run-first attack. Disclosure: My calculation is under the assumption that a combination of Hill and Bradford see the field.
Browns at Eagles (-4)
Prediction: Eagles win by 6
Rookie Carson Wentz makes their debut against the team that traded the Eagles the pick necessary to draft him. A rookie quarterback against a team that kept all 14 players drafted in the 2016 NFL Draft on their 53-man roster figures to be a game where established talent emerges as the difference. The Eagles offensive line, featuring Jason Peters (83.2), Jason Kelce (82.9), and Lane Johnson (assuming he's not suspended by Sunday) should have their way against a Browns' front that's weak after losing Desmond Bryant (76.2) to a season-ending injury before the season. While QB Robert Griffin III graded positively in the preseason, they face an Eagles defense that still has studs in Fletcher Cox (89.9), Brandon Graham (85.5), and Malcolm Jenkins (86.8).
Bengals (-2.5) at Jets
Prediction: Bengals win by 1
Cincinnati returns one of the more talented rosters coming into the 2016 season, while the Jets are still smarting after failing to close the deal on a wildcard berth a season ago. Up front, the Bengals are anchored by Geno Atkins (91.0) and Carlos Dunlap (82.4), which offer an advantage against a Jets' offensive line featuring tackles Ryan Clady and Breno Giacomini (41.0), the former coming off a missed season, and the latter a season where they surrendered 54 total pressures in 661 pass-blocking snaps (fifth-most among NFL tackles). If Brandon Marshall (85.1) and Eric Decker (82.7) can take advantage of Dre Kirkpatrick (39.6) and a Bengals secondary with two new starters, however, the Jets may be able to push for the cover at home.
Raiders at Saints (-1)
Prediction: Saints win by 1
The reloaded Raiders head to New Orleans, where the newly-extended Drew Brees (90.7) has some supplemental talent of their own in rookie receiver Michael Thomas and free-agent tight end Coby Fleener (70.6). Thomas forced a missed tackle on a remarkable 23 percent of their receptions last season, while Fleener gives the Saints athleticism from the tight end position they've lacked since they traded Jimmy Graham (80.6) to the Seahawks. While the Raiders added a lot of pieces to their defense this offseason, the middle of the field is still a concern, where linebackers Malcolm Smith (45.7), Ben Heeney (71.4), and slot cornerback D.J. Hayden (36.5) should leave plenty of open space for Brees to utilize Fleener and Thomas. Derrick Carr (86.7) and the Raiders should have no problem scoring on the porous Saints' defense, as well, making this game one of the more compelling contests of the weekend.
Chargers at Chiefs (-7)
Prediciton: Chiefs win by 8
This appears to be one of the more lopsided affairs of the weekend. However, the Chiefs are missing their best defensive player Justin Houston (90.2). In addition, Kansas City's best offensive player, Jamaal Charles (74.5), figures to split time with Spencer Ware (77.1) at the very best. This game probably comes down to the ability of the Chiefs' re-vamped secondary, led by Eric Berry (84.4) and Marcus Peters (74.8) to shut down Philip Rivers (81.4), Antonio Gates (81.6), and Keenan Allen (80.4) and the Chargers' passing game. The Chiefs lost half of their dime secondary last season, a defensive alignment that they employed more than any other team in 2015. Be that as it may, Andy Reid and the Chiefs have coped with personnel losses before, and they should do so again at home this weekend.
Bills at Ravens (-3)
Prediction: Ravens win by 3
Although the Ravens (5-11 record in 2015) finished last season below the Bills (8-8) in the standings, they actually graded far better than their record would suggest, finishing in the top 20 in total offense, defense, and special teams grading. They'll look to shut down Bills starting quarterback Tyrod Taylor (88.3), who emerged last season as a top-10 graded quarterback, using both their arm (he was eighth in deep passing accuracy) and their legs (Taylor was the second-highest graded running QB in the league). The return of players like Steve Smith (89.7), Terrell Suggs (71.0), Joe Flacco (72.5), Justin Forsett (69.1), Crockett Gilmore (76.9), and Dennis Pitta from injury should be enough for the Ravens to win this one, however.
Bears at Texans (-6.5)
Prediction: Texans win by 5
J.J. Watt (93.8) returns in time for the Texans to face the Bears, who struggled mightily at times during the preseason. While Jay Cutler (80.8) gets second-year player Kevin White back from a lost rookie season, they failed to connect on anything substantial in August, and Cutler averaged just 4.7 yards per pass in total during that time. They face a Texans defense that, in addition to Watt, returns Whitney Mercilus (85.3) and Jonathan Joseph (87.8), and is still expecting big things from former No. 1 pick Jadeveon Clowney (83.8). The Bears defense, after adding Danny Trevathan (85.6), Jerrell Freeman (89.3), and Akiem Hicks (77.5) this offseason, should keep the game close, especially if Brock Osweiler (75.5) experiences any growing pains in their first start with their new team.
Packers (-5.5) at Jaguars
Prediction: Packers win by 2
This is trickier than one would think at first flush. Despite recent results, the Jaguars are a team with some substantial talent, led by the wide receiver duo of Allen Hurns (83.3) and Allen Robinson (86.2). The Packers' secondary may very well be up to the task of slowing Hurns and Robinson, flaunting four players with 2015 overall grades above 80.0. However, Green Bay just jettisoned their best offensive lineman, and the Jaguars boast newcomers Malik Jackson (86.7), Dante Fowler (out all last season with injury), and Yannick Ngakoue up front. If they can apply sufficient pressure to Aaron Rodgers (87.3), Jacksonville can make this game closer than the spread would suggest.
Dolphins at Seahawks (-10.5)
Prediction: Seahawks win by 10
The Seahawks are at home, coming off a disappointing end to their season last year, and facing a last-place team with a new coach. For the Dolphins to have a chance in this one, their front four—headed by Ndamukong Suh (91.1), Cameron Wake (85.4), and newcomer Jason Jones (73.5)—needs to take advantage of a Seahawks' offensive line void of any player with a 2015 overall grade greater than 66.6.
Giants (-1) at Cowboys
Prediction: Cowboys win by 2
Dak Prescott makes their first start against what is arguably the Cowboys' biggest rival. They looked up to the task in the preseason, finishing with the third-highest grade among quarterbacks in August. The Giants acquired some big names for their defense in the offseason, but the Dallas offensive line (with three players earning overall grades above 88.5 in 2015) should be able to get rookie Ezekiel Elliott to the second level of the defense, where the Giants' linebackers are arguably the worst in the league. That, coupled with the Giants' history of struggling against backup quarterbacks, should lead to a home cover for the Cowboys.
Lions at Colts (-3.5)
Prediction: Colts win by 4
Both the Lions and the Colts were disappointing a year ago. Fast forward to 2016, and the Colts are welcoming back their franchise player, while the Lions watched theirs walk away from the game of football at the age of 30. Marvin Jones (78.0) and Golden Tate (80.8) aren't a bad replacement pair at wide receiver, and the Colts will probably be without stud cornerback Vonte Davis (82.2) on Sunday. However, a motivated Andrew Luck (44.9) behind a fortified offensive line should be able to take advantage of a Lions defense that lacks the depth in their secondary to run with the likes of T.Y Hilton (83.3) and Donte Moncrief (75.4) and outscore the Lions at home.
Patriots at Cardinals (-6)
Prediction: Cardinals win by 2
There's a decent amount of uncertainty going into this game. How will Jimmy Garoppolo (63.6) fare in Tom Brady's stead? How will Carson Palmer (93.0) rebound from an awful finish to a great 2015 season? The odds makers have the Cardinals as comfortable favorites in this one, but New England's defense—boasting seven starters with 2015 overall grades above 81.6—is likely being overlooked going into the season. That, coupled with an Arizona secondary starting third-round rookie Brandon Williams along with the liability that is Kevin Minter (40.6) at linebacker, should give Bill Belichick enough to work with to at least cover the spread.
Steelers (-3) at Washington
Prediction: Push
It's tough to win on the road in the NFL; it's even tougher when arguably your best offensive player is out with a suspension. That said, the Steelers have more than enough offensive firepower to make up for a suspended Le'Veon Bell (90.0), as Ben Roethlisberger (93.5), DeAngelo Williams (78.9), and Antonio Brown (96.4) all paced their respective positions in grading in the weeks where Bell was out last season (Weeks 1–2 and 9–17). That said, Washington played some impressive offense themselves in 2015, and Kirk Cousins (81.5) was particularly lethal at home. It's going to be up to the Steelers' secondary, which struggled mightily at times a season ago, to keep Washington from covering the spread at home.
Rams (-2.5) at 49ers
Prediction: Rams win by 1
The return of the Los Angeles Rams (albeit on the road) is one of the few redeeming qualities of this game, especially with rookie signal caller Jared Goff figuring in as the inactive third quarterback to begin their rookie campaign. While the 49ers possess some young talent of their own along the defensive line, the marquee group in this game is the Rams' defensive line, led by our reigning Dwight Stephenson Award winner Aaron Donald (96.6). Donald, who led all defensive tackles in pass-rushing productivity (12.4) and was fifth in run-stop percentage (10.9) last season, figures to be in the 49ers' backfield all night. Jeff Fisher's group has always struggled in games the public thinks they should win, however, making the road cover anything but a sure thing in this matchup.
One thing that might have flustered the University of Mississippi journalism community more than anything in my book UNDER FIRE AT OLE MISS is perhaps my treatment of one of the victims who was killed the night of the 1962 riot — French Journalist Paul Guihard.
Most of those journalists familiar with the Agence France-Press reporter's story are convinced they were deliberately murdered and should be treated as a martyr. The killer has never been officially identified. I know very little about the journalist or their politics. My conclusion is that they were killed accidentally by a confused Marshal in the initial charge against the rioters, not deliberately.
In my book I record this from a (White) Citizens Council report:
“Prior to their arrival in Oxford, Guihard held several meetings with Southern leaders, presumably in an attempt to provide multiple perspectives in their reporting. Transcripts of those meetings have been difficult to obtain, but mention of at least one such meeting is made by State Senator John C. McLaurin…”
McLaurin said when Guihard came to Mississippi, “He came directly to our citizens council headquarters,'” adding that Guihard had telephoned a story to their editor that was favorable to Mississippi. McLaurin later used Guihard's pro-Mississippi report as evidence of a motive for a federal marshal to kill Guihard.”
I do not know Guihard's deep personal and private convictions. Who knows what transpired during Guihard's meeting with the segregationists in Jackson? And the other man killed that night? Has anyone ever paid much attention to local juke box repairman Ray Gunter?
Gunter's brother John worked for the campus police that night. Asked if anyone had ever expressed sympathy toward their family with regard to their brother's death, they were quoted, “No, it just sort of went away and died down.”
Guihard was honored with a plaque in the Meek School of Journalism building and a bench in their honor was dedicated on April 17, 2009 by the University of Mississippi's chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.
To my knowledge, no one has seriously attempted to identify who killed either of the two men. Except me.
In my book, I arrived at my own probable scenario.
Once you know the circumstances and the approximate time of death of the two, it's not an impenetrable mystery. Both men died in the confusion in the clouds of tear gas by the understandably reckless conduct of the Marshals who had surrounded the Lyceum.
There were others with guns on campus that evening. One of them shot at me and my friend Jack. Probably a .22. I don't think these shooters hit anyone. Watch “Who Shot At Dick Gentry” on YouTube.
I expect to have my theory sustained by history once ALL of the Ole Miss FBI files are available in future years with no redacted names or information. That was a huge handicap as I read the 3,000 page FBI report. (I donated the data to the journalism department if you care to read it).
Dr. Kathleen Wickham, Ole Miss Journalism Professor, has been working on Guihard's death for years. As far as I know, plucky Dr. Wickham has shared their research with no one, not even when investigators asked for it. Them book may clobber my presumptions. I wish them success.
Almost 50 years after the shootings, on May 27, 2009, the FBI released an ERA Cold Case Initiative from the Jackson office. Part of the problem in the released FBI documents, aside from redaction of names and the muddled timeline, is the format and confusions of data.
It is commonly believed that Guihard was killed shortly after the riot began, a little after 8 p.m. In an FBI memo on May 27, 2009, it described a Cold Case Initiative report provided by the Southern Poverty Law Center:
Free At Last: A History of the Civil Rights Movement and Those Who Died in the Struggle. The article was entitled, “In the Center of the Crisis,” which referenced the death of Guihard.
That report says at 8 p.m. a Marshal was hit in the head by someone in the mob and subsequently a shower of rock, brick and bottles came down on the National Guard troops in the area. “The Marshals responded with tear gas and someone in the mob began firing guns. Less than four hours later, Guihard was found dead in front of the women's dormitory.”
The local Oxford National Guardsmen were pelted as they arrived. I remember it being closer to 9 p.m. or after, but no one in the “mob” returned fire at that time. And it didn't take “four hours” for Guihard's body to be found. Although this is an FBI report more than 40 years after the fact, I have to give them a D- as a grade for accuracy.
Within days of the riot, the local grand jury investigating the shootings also screwed up the facts: “Mr. Walter Ray Gunter, 23, was shot to death at about 11 p.m. on September 30. They were standing on some drainage tile, 18 to 20 inches in height, at the southwest corner of the Science Building then under construction…”
The 11 p.m. timeline is much later than it actually occurred. “At the time,” the testimony continued, “the Marshals were firing tear gas into the crowd immediately in front of Mr. Gunter. The Marshals were…armed with .38 caliber pistols as well as night sticks and tear gas guns. …Just prior to the time that Mr. Gunter was shot the crowd had rushed the Marshals and the Marshals were counter charging into the crowd.”
I contend that first skirmish occurred more closely to 8:15 p.m.
In my book, UNDER FIRE AT OLE MISS, I write:
My friend Jack (Bowles) and I watched the fire engine charge the Lyceum. If Marshals were firing in the direction of the truck, they were also firing in the direction of Ray Gunter's perch on the concrete pipes near the new Science building behind the fire truck. Stuff happens.
The FBI later admitted that the Marshals fired at the fire truck, although I was the first to report that fact.
Mississippi Sovereignty Commission Investigator Tom Scarbrough, in the report of their investigation into the riot, said, ‘many other people were talked to, but as yet no one has been found who saw the person who killed Ray Gunter fire the fatal shot.'
I'm sure the Marshal who fired the shots knows.
The timeline is critical, but elusive. The U.S. Department of the Interior's report said Guihard arrived on campus just as the rioting began. A highway patrolman warned them it was unsafe on campus, but Guihard charged ahead. Their photographer, Flip Schulke, unsuccessfully “admonished the Frenchman to take cover.”
According to the report, their body was discovered about 9 p.m. between the Ward women's dorm and the Fine Arts Center. That roughly fits my timeline. A nurse at the Oxford hospital told the FBI that Guihard's body arrived at approximately 10 p.m. “She stated that the (admission) card in their possession does not reflect the ‘exact time' they were brought to the hospital and that the time is from their personal recollection.” Guihard was DOA.
Ray Gunter's body arrived at the same hospital at approximately 11:20 p.m. the nurse said.
Although it is impossible to know the precise time Gunter was killed, it is highly probable that they were killed in the earlier hours of the riot during the attack on the Lyceum by the stolen fire truck. I suspect those who first assessed their condition knew that they were dead and did not rush to send them out by ambulance.
Most people on campus that night understood that the “news media” was considered an “adversary” of the university as well as the State of Mississippi. However, around 4 p.m. my friend Jack and I “rescued' a cameraman being slapped around by just yelling: “Let the man alone!”
Several years ago, the memorial plaque from the bench was stolen. Paul Guihard, a brave man and an aggressive professional journalist, was doing their job. Every time I visit Ole Miss I go by their bench to pay my respects.
Dick Gentry was the Summer Editor of The Daily Mississippian prior to the 1962 riot at Ole Miss. They left Ole Miss shortly after and later graduated with a degree in journalism and business from Eastern Washington University in Spokane, where they were a writer for the Spokane Daily Chronicle. Their career also includes editor and publisher of The Caymanian in The Cayman Islands; executive editor of Hawaii Business Magazine; editor of Atlanta Business Chronicle and executive editor of the Birmingham Business Journal. Their first job after leaving Ole Miss was sports editor of the Artesia (N.M.) Daily press, where they eventually became editor. They live in a small mountain town about 50 miles north of Atlanta with their wife and fellow traveler of 54 years, Martha. UNDER FIRE AT OLE MISS is their second book about a Mississippian's unusual career. Their first is AT THE FOOT OF THE SOUTHERN CROSS, the story of a naïve reporter who became editor and publisher of the only newspaper in The Cayman Islands during the rise of the offshore tax-haven industry. Both are available at Amazon.com.
