KFC's new sandwich, the Chicken Filet Double, goes on sale Feb 2. It is something different which may surprise regular diners at KFC. It uses chicken "buns" instead of bread.
The Chicken Filet Double contains two thick and juicy boneless white meat chicken filets, two pieces of bacon, a melted slice of cheese and mayonnaise sauce between two chunks of fried chicken. The seasoning is the same for the regular chicken on the menu.
Leading the new product promotion, KFC at Ikebukuro Sunshine street has been rearranged as a Chicken Double Store until Feb 2.
According to the results of a pre-release survey by KFC, the new type of sandwich surprised people with its strong meat impact but made them curious enough to try it.
The U.S. and Australia have already sold the sandwich named “Double Down.” KFC received inquiries from Japanese fans wanting to try it. So here it is. Just don't try to think about the calories.
Price: 450 yen (500 yen with M size drink)
© Japan Today
There's an easy test to know whether or not most people are from Calgary: You ask them to pronounce the name of the city.
Most locals will deliver a quick two-syllable CALgree, but many others will stumble over a seven-letter word that is surprisingly complex.
Darin Flynn asked students in their fourth-year phonology class at the University of Calgary to pronounce the city's name. While most of their students said CALgree when queried, there was commotion and raised eyebrows when a minority of locals said CALgairy – it sounds like someone pronouncing Cal and Gary in quick succession.
Story continues below advertisement
"They study this and yet people in my class were shocked that any locals pronounce it CALgairy. 'You can't be from here,' they said. They were just shocked," said the associate professor of linguistics. "In English we tend to ignore most differences in pronunciation, but the difference here is that this is a local term that's divisive. People really care about their hometown."
According to Prof. Flynn, Mayor Naheed Nenshi has been known to ask the residents of Calgary on social media how they pronounce the city's name. There are also a number of online forums dedicated to the subject, many of them on hockey websites. The CALgairy Flames make regular appearances on ESPN – even when the broadcasters are Canadian-born.
"It's the shibboleth for Calgarians. When you hear CALgairy, you know they're from away," said Daorcey Le Bray, a communications adviser at city hall.
From the Old Testament Book of Judges, a shibboleth describes a word whose precise pronunciation is used to distinguish one group from another.
The key to understanding how Calgary became such a troublesome word is found in how it uses the most common vowel sound in the English language.
The second "a" in Calgary sits in what the field of phonetics calls a schwa vowel sound – the schwa is similar to an "eh" sound. There's a rule in English that when a stress vowel (Cal), is followed by a schwa (ga) and then an unstressed syllable (ry), that schwa sound is reduced the more often the word is used. Eventually, it can be dropped completely.
"This happens a lot in the English language. With frequent words like 'every,' 'evening' or 'chocolate,' that vowel in the middle just disappears," Prof. Flynn said.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
While some outsiders use a second pronunciation of the city's name – CALguhry – most Calgarians, through repeated use, have dropped the middle syllable altogether, yielding CALgree as the de facto pronunciation. Due to the same process, the Emilys of the world know that the letter "i" in their names is rarely pronounced.
"My sister lived in Calgary long before I moved here, so I would visit the city and I had noticed the local pronunciation," said Tara Nelson, the anchor for CTV Calgary's 6 p.m. newscast. "I came in pronouncing it CALgree. I'm from the Edmonton area so my ear was attuned to how the locals say CALgree and not CALgairy."
Living near Calgary's namesake, the hamlet of Calgary on the west coast of Scotland's Isle of Mull, Anne Cleave says Scottish Calgarians have taken to pronouncing the name in a similar way as Canadian Calgarians.
"The Scots put the emphasis on the first syllable, so Calgary becomes something like CALgry and the second and third syllables are contracted," said Ms. Cleave, the secretary of the Isle of Mull Historical and Archaeological Society.
Local pronunciations are obvious across Canada. Most people visiting Saskatchewan will quickly betray that they aren't residents when they pronounce the end of that province's name as "wan" and not "win" as locals do. Toronto residents also have their own reduced syllable, yielding a city name that often sounds like Tronno in the mouth of locals.
For those unsure how to pronounce Calgary, stick with Cowtown.
Story continues below advertisement
What's in a name?
Whether you pronounce Calgary, CALgree, CALguhry or CALgairy, it might be worth remembering that the naming of Calgary was indecisive from its beginning.
In 1873, the North-West Mounted Police were created to stop the illicit whisky trading that was networking through southern Alberta. Over the previous decade, increasing numbers of Americans worked their way north, joining southern Alberta traders who were dealing alcohol to First Nations for buffalo hide. In 1874, under the leadership of Inspector Éphrem A. Brisebois, 300 NWMP recruits marched from Port Arthur, Ont., via Dufferin, Man., and further westward into Alberta.
In 1875, Brisebois led the establishing of a post where the Elbow joins the Bow River. This location was known by white settlers as the "the Elbow," but Brisebois took it upon themselves to name it Fort Brisebois. In 1876, the fort was renamed Fort Calgary by Brisebois' superior, Lieutenant-Colonel James F. Macleod. Calgary was Macleod's ancestral home on the Isle of Mull, Scotland. The Gaelic name is Cala Ghearraidh. Imprecise translations include "clear running water" or "cold enclosure," but the more accurate Scots Gaelic translations are either "bay farm" or "beach of the meadow." Fort Calgary was incorporated as Calgary in 1884.
With a report from Stephanie Chambers
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
The New York Times has a new feature on its opinion pages, and it's one that goes like this: “Did You Stop Supporting Trump? We Would Like to Hear From You.”
Funny, but if memory serves, the newspaper didn't put out a call to such masses when Barack Obama was president. Is this the new Standard Operating Procedure of mainstream journalism — to serve as the media world's equivalent of trial lawyers seeking plaintiffs for their medical malpractice class lawsuits?
The question's been an ongoing feature of the page for days, suggesting the New York Times will stop at nothing to uncover the last and least of the Trump-lovers-turned-haters. Why?
Why, because it's Real Journalism, that's why. And by gosh, the country needs to know.
The text states: “In their Sunday Review piece, ‘I Voted for Trump, And I Sorely Regret It,' Julius Krein wrote about why they stopped supporting Trump and urged anyone who once supported them to ‘stop defending the 45th president.' We would like to hear from people who have similar feelings.”
The newspaper makes it easy for respondents. No need to pick up a phone, find paper and stamp. Rather, there's a handy-dandy fill-out form right on the page.
Just answer the questions and press “submit.”
“Did you previously support President Trump, but no longer do? If so, what were the factors that contributed to your switch? Please tell us using the form below,” the text states.
And no doubt, the writers of this paper are planning a massive expose on their findings.
“We may follow up with you to hear more about your story,” the text went on. “Your name and comments might be published, but your contact information will not.”
Prepare for the hatchet jobs to commence. It's not likely The New York Times is going to offer any balance and ask, either simultaneously or down the line, “Were you once a Hillary Clinton fan but now support Trump? Did you previously vote for Clinton but are now glad that Trump's in the White House?”
Yeah, let's not hold our breath on that.
By Dan Barker
Co-President
Freedom From Religion Foundation
Looking for a way to bid farewell to our distressing old year and ring in the new uncertain one?
I wrote the music for a ballad decades ago that speaks to the moment. I composed “Promise of Dawn” in 1980 while transitioning out of the ministry. The lyrics, although we collaborated a little on them, are mainly by my friend, Juanice Charmaine, who wrote it as a song about recovering from lost love.
In 1985, after coming out as an atheist, I changed a couple of words to make it express my recovery from religion. Where Juanice had written “For every love that died,” for instance, I changed the line to, “For every prayer that died.”
I'd nearly forgotten about the song until Annie Laurie Gaylor reminded me of it this week. We were mulling over the right note, so to speak, to strive for in our annual end of the year musical wrap-up for Freethought Radio. We were looking for songs that expressed concern for a clouded future, but that would still signal hope. They suggested “Promise of Dawn” would strike the right chord!
I guess it's a real compliment to “Promise of Dawn” to divulge that Annie Laurie — who is genuinely grieving after the election results — wiped away tears while listening to my song as we recorded this week's radio show.
“Promise of Dawn” expresses not only our fears, but also our hope and our determination to persevere and do our part to preserve progress, freedom, fairness and equality.
Below are the lyrics. Download a free version of “Promise of Dawn” here.
(The style of the song sure brings you back to the '80s, doesn't it?)
Promise of Dawn By Dan Barker & Juanice Charmaine
All I've ever wished for, all I've ever tried, Every dream I've longed for has vanished. All those golden sunsets, promising the dawn, Fade into a nighttime that lingers on. And every tear I've cried For every prayer that died Can't return that promise of dawn. Maybe in the shadows I can ﬁnd my way— Maybe reach a brighter tomorrow. Reach beyond my sorrows, Understand my fears, Find a morning rainbow in my tears. I'll ﬁnd the time to try. There's no more time to cry. Reaching for that promise of dawn.
© 1980 by Dan Barker and Janice Charmaine
Happy New Year!
FFRF is a national nonprofit dedicated to keeping state and church separate and educating about nontheism. For more information and a copy of our paper, Freethought Today, please click here.
Last week the Chiefs cut Chad Hall and signed Kyle Williams. This week they make a similar swap. Williams, who was just signed on November 13, tweets that they have torn their ACL, which will end their season.
Saddened to say the will be missing the remainder of the season due to another tear of my ACL... — Kyle Williams (@KyleWilliams_10) November 22, 2013
Reid said Kyle Williams tweaked their knee in practice Thursday and didn't miss a play, but they got it checked out and has a partially torn ACL — Terez A. Paylor (@TerezPaylor) November 22, 2013
That opens up a roster spot and explains why Chad Hall, who was cut last week to make room for Williams, has returned to Kansas City.
Bad break for Williams. Chiefs special teams coach Dave Toub was just talking about Williams and how nice it is to have more speed on special teams now that Marcus Cooper isn't playing there as much.
This doesn't change a whole lot for the Chiefs receivers. Dwayne Bowe, Donnie Avery and Dexter McCluster remain the top options.
More from Arrowhead Pride:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Two years ago, in the wake of Edward Snowden's revelation of sweeping electronic surveillance by the National Security Agency, Congress enacted the USA Freedom Act, to put an end to the NSA's nationwide bulk collection of telephone “metadata” — who we call, when we call and for how long — on everyday Americans. At the time, some warned that the law would weaken efforts to stop terrorism, but there is no evidence it has done so.
The USA Freedom Act was an important milestone in protecting the privacy Americans have a right to expect. But it got only part of the job done. Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, authorizes the NSA to collect not just “metadata,” but the actual contents of telephone, email and other electronic communications, again without a warrant or probable cause. The provision is designed to target foreign nationals outside the United States, but has been used by the NSA to intercept and collect electronic communications of Americans and thus clearly implicates Americans' privacy.
Section 702 sunsets in December unless affirmatively extended, so Congress has to address whether — and how — the law should survive. We come from different ends of the political spectrum. One of us is a past president of the National Rifle Association (NRA) and former chairperson of the American Conservative Union. The other is the national legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). But we agree that any extension of Section 702 must include important protections to preserve privacy.
Sens. Rand Paul, Kentucky Republican, and Ron Wyden, Oregon Democrat, have introduced a bill to do just that: the USA Rights Act. It deserves support from anyone who cares about maintaining the privacy that Americans have historically enjoyed, while leaving intact the government's ability to combat foreign threats. It also stands in marked contrast to a bill proposed by Sen. Richard Burr, North Carolina Republican, which would expand rather than reform Section 702.
Here's why we support the USA Rights Act:
First, it ends suspicionless “backdoor” searches of data collected under Section 702. This is critically important because the NSA collects massive amounts of information under Section 702 without a warrant whenever it might be relevant to “foreign intelligence,” a term that includes virtually any information that touches on foreign affairs. That collection inevitably contains many communications with American citizens and residents, and the government has interpreted current law to allow it to search the Section 702 database to look for information about individuals in the U.S. without any warrant or probable cause. The USA Rights Act would still allow the government to conduct such searches, but not without a warrant based on probable cause. The government shouldn't have the power to go on fishing expeditions targeting U.S. residents without that protection.
Second, the USA Rights Act would forbid the practice of using Section 702 to collect not only communications to and from foreign targets, but also communications “about” foreign targets, even if they are entirely domestic. Section 702 was never meant to authorize such searches, but the NSA apparently has interpreted it give it that authority. As the NSA saw it, the law allowed it to intercept an email from a Cincinnati native to their mother in Cleveland if it happened to mention a foreign target — again, without probable cause or a warrant.
Third, the USA Rights Act promotes accountability and transparency, essential checks on government abuse. It clarifies that the government must notify criminal defendants whenever it uses evidence found through leads obtained under Section 702. This would provide one of the only ways that courts can review whether the government is complying with the law. The USA Rights Act also requires more detailed reporting by the intelligence agencies — which they have refused to provide despite repeated requests from Congress — on how often they use Section 702 to collect information about people in the U.S.
We don't question the need for surveillance to protect against genuine terrorist threats, but when it comes to invading the privacy of people in this country, the Constitution requires the government to honor the basic safeguards of the Fourth Amendment: a warrant and probable cause. Reasonable restrictions on government overreach like those included in the USA Rights Act are essential if we are to preserve the privacy that Americans have long enjoyed. The Constitution's framers understood that privacy was a critical bulwark against government abuse. It is no less so today.
• David Cole is the national legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union. David Keene is former president of the National Rifle Association and is editor at large at The Washington Times.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Restaurants will have to declare common allergens - including crustaceans
Restaurants and takeaways across Europe will be required by law to tell customers if their food contains ingredients known to trigger allergies.
Staff must provide information on 14 everyday allergens including nuts, milk, celery, gluten, soya and wheat.
The new measures, which come into force on Saturday, cover meals served in bakeries, cafes, care homes and packaged produce sold by supermarkets.
There may be fines for repeat offenders.
According to the European Academy of Allergy, food allergies affect more than 17 million people across Europe.
I had six allergic reactions in the course of a month last year and each time it was because I was told it was fine to eat something that it later turned out I couldn't Oliver Bolland, Allergy sufferer
Fatal reactions
Some five thousand people need treatment in hospital for severe allergic reactions each year in the UK, and some cases are fatal - causing an average of 10 deaths annually.
Experts say the majority of these deaths and visits to hospital are avoidable, and some are a result of people being given incorrect information about ingredients.
Under the new legislation (EU FIC Food Information for Consumers Regulation), customers must be told if their food contains any of the following:
celery - including any found in stock cubes and soup
cereals containing gluten - including spelt, wheat, rye, barley
crustaceans - eg crabs, lobster, prawns and shrimp paste
eggs - including food glazed with egg
fish
lupin - can be found in some types of bread, pastries, pasta
milk
molluscs - mussels, land snails, squid, also found in oyster sauce
mustard
nuts - for example almonds, hazelnuts, walnuts, macadamia
peanuts - also found in groundnut oil
sesame seeds - found in some bread, houmous, tahini
soya - found in beancurd, edamame beans, tofu
sulphur dioxide - used as a preservative in dried fruit, meat products, soft drinks, vegetables, alcohol.
'Real problem'
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Nuts - such as almonds, hazelnuts, walnuts and macadamia - must be clearly marked
Oliver Bolland, 30, from Hertfordshire, is allergic to eggs, fish, shellfish, molluscs and soya.
They said: "My allergies really became a problem when I became an adult - I can't just pop out for a meal with my girlfriend, friends or family.
"I had six allergic reactions in the course of a month last year and each time it was because I was told it was fine to eat something that it later turned out I couldn't.
"Often, waiters don't take my allergies seriously, or they don't know what ingredients are in their dishes.
"I've had to leave important events, including a close friend's wedding, because the waiter didn't check exactly what was in the food and thought I was just being fussy.
"I'll always have to be careful about not accidentally eating something I'm allergic to, but now restaurants and takeaways can no longer say they're not sure whether I can eat something, or that it's probably fine.
"This new law will make a huge difference to my life."
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Business can provide information through leaflets or through conversations
Businesses can choose how they give the information on allergens contained in their food - for example through conversations with customers, leaflets, food labelling or by highlighting ingredients on menus.
But if allergy advice is not clearly given, the Food Standards Agency says there need to be clear signs about where it can be obtained.
Lindsey McManus, from Allergy UK, said: "We hope that restaurants will see the advantage of going this extra mile as it offers huge benefits to the allergic customer and this will only encourage business.
"It will enable people to eat out in confidence, knowing that allergens are monitored in dishes, and that the regulations are being adhered to."
Pre-packaged food bought in supermarkets must also have clear allergen information on the labels.
David Goldblatt tells the story of Brazil through its abiding passion for the game of football, a game that has both shaped and been shaped by the dreams of generations of Brazilians. 1: Futebol Nation, In 1934, despite over a hundred years of Brazilian independence and nearly half a century as republic, poet Carlos Drummond de Andrade was still asking "Are there any Brazilians?"
The authoritarian regime of Getullio Varags which would rule the country from 1930 to 1945, and create the institutional structures of the modern Brazilian nation was asking the same question. Spared the horrors of industrial war, Brazil had no martial tradition from which to invent itself. Given the very low levels of literacy, a national press and literary culture were equally ineffective. For most of the twentieth century the nation's intelligentsia had thought that Brazil might be a new white Europe in the tropics, but as the nation's rapidly expanding cities filled with black, mulatto and indigenous Brazilians this simply did not make sense. Brazil's unique music, dance and religious moment reflected its real ethnic mix, but none could capture a sense of modernity or provide a source of international triumph. In football and in the World Cup above all, Brazil would find both.
Producer: Mark Burman.
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Lab at Department of State Health Services in Austin testing mosquitoes for Zika and other viruses. (KXAN Photo/Richie Bowes)
Copyright by KXAN - All rights reserved Lab at Department of State Health Services in Austin testing mosquitoes for Zika and other viruses. (KXAN Photo/Richie Bowes)
AUSTIN (KXAN) -- While none of Texas' 93 Zika cases have been locally transmitted through mosquito bites, the state says with local Zika cases detected in Florida, they are ramping up their efforts to make sure Texans take all precautionary measures to prevent Zika.
The Department of State Health and Services Wednesday said it's spending more than $6 million in federal and state funds on surveillance, lab testing, public education and awareness as well as Zika prevention kids. Texas Medicaid will now cover the cost of mosquito repellent for eligible women starting Aug. 9.
As people travel to Brazil for the Olympics, Texas officials believe the risk of local Zika transmission is now much higher.
"It's the perfect mix - local transmission in Florida, travel to Brazil, and we're at the height of mosquito season in Texas," said Dr. John Hellerstedt, Texas Department of State Health Services commissioner. "Local transmission here is likely at some point. The good news is that Texas is ready."
If local transmission is detected in Texas-which the state says is likely at "some point"-the state has eight state public health Zika Response Teams at the ready. The state believes if local transmission does happen, it's more likely to appear in small pockets instead of a appearing across a large area of the state.
Currently, 42 women in Texas have been reported to the CDC's Zika Pregnancy Registry. That number includes three pregnant woman who are confirmed Zika cases.
Women who are between the ages of 10 and 45 or pregnant are eligible for the free repellent. To be covered, a doctor must prescribe the repellent and the patient must pick it up at a pharmacy. The patient can call their doctor to ask for a prescription, there is no need to actually go into the office. Patients can present their Medicaid prescription card just like they would with any prescription. Eligible women can get up to two cans per month through Oct. 31.
Women in the following programs are covered:
Medicaid
CHIP
CHIP-Perinate
Healthy Texas Women
Family Planning
For more information on coverage and preventative measures, visit TexasZika.org.
“Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.” — Khalil Gibran.
Peaceful warriors are honorable, courageous and compassionate human beings who make a difference by having lived and lived well. Peaceful warriors are time-tested and pain-sharpened; having gone through hell in order to discover that heaven is within. Wisdom gained through tears.
Philosophy gained through laughter. Greatness gained through virtue. Strength gained through discipline. Peaceful warriors grab power by the throat and shake it into a state of humility, while also hugging the world in a mighty embrace of love and compassion. They bring value to valueless systems while also adding value where it already thrives. Peaceful warriors are more than words can portray. Nevertheless, here are six signs you may be a peaceful warrior.
1) You speak truth to power and always question authority
“Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.” — Albert Einstein.
You understand that the social environment can be an immensely suppressing thing. It can dictate more than most people imagine. And nowhere is it more dictatorial than in hierarchies of control.
As it stands, most modern day systems are hierarchies of control. In order not to become a victim of such hierarchies, you use your courage as a weapon against suppression. This courage can take on the form of bold audacity and fearless insouciance in the face of rigid rules and unbending regulations. It can take on the form of confident questioning in the face of authority, which verges on impudence. It can take on the form of curious prying into the affairs of power, tantamount to interrogation. It can take on many forms, but it always challenges the powers-that-be to improve itself for the greater health and benefit of humankind.
As a peaceful warrior, you understand the need to persistently loosen the links that make up the chain of command. Not in order to bring it down, necessarily, but in order to strengthen the leadership withstanding, as well as to instill leadership notwithstanding. You are not intent upon creating followers. You are fully intent upon creating leaders — top to bottom, bottom to top. And you always begin with yourself. As a peaceful warrior you understand as Niels Bohr did that, “Every valuable human being must be a radical and a rebel, for what they must aim at is to make things better than they are.”
2) You fight for the brothers and sisters next to you, not for the chain of command
“The greatest gift you can give someone is your own personal development. I used to say, ‘If you will take care of me I will take care of you.' Now I say, ‘I will take care of me for you, if you will take care of you for me.'” — Jim Rohn.
You understand that a true warrior does not fight for the chain of command, blindly following orders. A true warrior fights for the brother or sister next to him, challenging orders if need be. In the movie Lone Survivor, starring Mark Wahlberg and portraying the courageous story of Marcus Latrell and Seal Team 10, there is a scene (see attached video) where Matthew “Axe” Axelson says, “I don't care about the rules of engagement. I care about you, I care about you, and I care about you.”
Although their reasoning is off in this scene, their message is a powerful one: screw the chain of command. You're my brother. I fight for you. As such, peaceful warriors keep themselves in the best possible shape — mind, body, and soul– in order to be capable of protecting and defending themselves and their fellow man when the proverbial shit hits the proverbial fan.
Peaceful warriors are not about following so-called rules of engagement. They are about proactively engaging in order to improve upon existing rules. They don't go on the offensive because they are told to. They go on the defensive, proactively, because they are compelled to keep their fellow brothers and sisters free. The problem with this scene in particular is a moral one, and two of the greatest problems we face in the world today: militarism, and how some people's lives are considered more important than others.
As it turns out, the true hero of this story was not the lone surviving Seal, who was militaristic in nature, but Mohammad Gulab, an Afghan villager and a true peaceful warrior who saved the life of Marcus Latrell (more than once), despite the deadly power of the Taliban constantly surrounding their village. They rose to the challenge with a full heart, defending what they thought was right, despite the powers-that-be.
3) You use systems of power to your advantage and then turn the tables
“When the people fear their government, there is tyranny; when the government fears the people, there is liberty.” — Thomas Jefferson.
Nowhere is it written that you cannot use things as a means to an end. And even if it were written somewhere, you would overcome it by adapting to it, rewriting it, and then using it to your own advantage. Good intention is the key.
Whether through school or through the military, you adapt and overcome with the intent of immersing into the systems of power that keep it all propped up, and with the full intent of absorbing as much knowledge as possible in order to eventually use such knowledge to change the system, fully understanding that such change will more than likely go against the existing power structure from which you originally received the knowledge.
As a peaceful warrior, you keep the horse in front of the cart through persistent discipline within particular systems of control in order to one day use the knowledge gained to improve the system for the better, this with the understanding that the system will more than likely not want to change. But you understand that it must change if people are to survive and evolve on a planet that is itself constantly changing and evolving.
Your perseverance will further instill bravery within the already courageous, while keeping the cowards in check despite themselves, and also teaching the powers-that-be a little humility. And it may even have the power to transform cowards into heroes. Like Henry Wadsworth Longfellow said, “Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.”
4) You seek absolute vulnerability as opposed to secure invulnerability
“Only to the extent that we can expose ourselves over and over to annihilation can that which is destructible in us be found.” — Pema Chodron.
You are adept at transforming mistakes into wisdom and fear into courage. You do so not to become a secure invulnerable tank, fearful and certain, but to revel in being an insecure vulnerable human being, courageous and uncertain within a fascinating but ultimately uncertain universe.
You understand that this means failing and failing often, but that the failure will make you stronger as long as you are consistently learning from your mistakes and adapting to and overcoming precarious environments. Like Willa Cather said, “There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.” As a peaceful warrior, you have the ability to learn from both the calm and the storm.
As a seeker of absolute vulnerability, you are not paranoid and hell bent on safety. Rather, you are a proponent of Pronoia (the positive counterpart of paranoia) and hell bent on adventure. You understand that “safety” is usually a persistent cultural spell that must be broken by individuals who seek freedom from social control. As such, your absolute vulnerability directly challenges and stretches comfort zones, both your own and the ones set in place to keep people suppressed and controlled, like the illusion of borders for example, or the law, or the myopic concept of nationality. You challenge them all through your courage to be absolutely vulnerable in the face of the illusion of invulnerability.
5) You are an advocate for nonviolence and civil disobedience
“Civil disobedience is a natural response to a world like ours; it means refusing to be a bystander to the apparent trajectory of the social order. We don't think twice about the direct action of stopping traffic to protect a child who wandered into it unknowingly; we would practice civil disobedience any day in situations like that, never thinking of standing by or waiting for a majority vote. The same is true in our movement. We know this system is broken, we know it doesn't have to be this way and we know there is an alternative. So we stop traffic. The question is not whether we should use civil disobedience as part of our movement's arsenal — but how, for what, and when.” — Yotam Marom.
As a peaceful warrior you understand, as Noam Chomsky did, that, “States are not moral agents; people are.” As such, you are a moral agent (and sometimes even an amoral agent) on behalf of the people, and never on behalf of the state. In a world where drones are creating more terrorists than they are killing, you understand that this makes us all terrorists by association.
But just because our governments have absolute power that has corrupted absolutely, doesn't get us, as citizens thereby governed, off the hook for being irresponsible with our own power. Like Howard Zinn wrote, “Civil disobedience is not our problem. Our problem is civil obedience.” As a peaceful warrior, you understand that in order to be responsible with your own power you must be willing and able to use civil disobedience as a nonviolent tool toward ending the vicious cycle of war and violence.
Like Richard Seymour said, “The key question is neither violence nor non-violence, neither legality, nor illegality; it is disruption. Popular movements are engaged in civil disobedience whenever they recognize the society's dependence on their co-operation, cease co-operating, and actively disrupt its smooth functioning. This moves politicians to spittle-lathered furor. It is the way in which progress is made.” As a peaceful warrior, you are always proactively engaged in making healthy progress.
6) You are an autonomous pioneer as opposed to an adjusted settler
“You can recognize a pioneer by the arrows in their back.” — Beverly Rubic.
You are a forerunner, constantly breaking ground and pushing to innovate where stagnation abounds. And although you are surrounded by adjusted settlers who are hell-bent on remaining stagnant within their creature comforts and secure domains, you persevere nonetheless, knowing that the ability to adapt and overcome is as much for their benefit as it is for yours.
Your autonomy affords you a flexible liberation that those who are dependent on the system simply cannot fathom. And so it is that you are able to withstand the occasional “arrow in the back.” Like Jonathan Swift said, “When a true genius appears in the world, you may know them by this sign: that the dunces are all in confederacy against him.”
As an autonomous pioneer, you have taken on the duty of transforming this confederacy of dunces into a league of champions. And although you are in the minority of inner-directed pioneers, you are a catalyst (a Mover) who seeks to move the majority of settlers into a state of proactive citizenry.
You know that there is a tipping point that only requires ten-percent of the population to tip over into change, and you intend on making that change a healthy one through your own proactive engagement with the world, using the full range of your arsenal, your entire Soulcraftman's Toolkit, to challenge the people of the world into changing and adapting to healthier ways of evolving in a universe that is constantly changing and evolving.
In the end, you are a pioneer of the tipping point, a tiny creature in a gigantic universe, both with the power and the responsibility to make an enormous difference in the way that universe plays out; because you understand, as only a peaceful warrior can, that you are the universe and the universe are you.
Gary ‘Z' McGee, a former Navy Intelligence Specialist turned philosopher, is the author of Birthday Suit of God and The Looking Glass Man. Their works are inspired by the great philosophers of the ages and their wide awake view of the modern world.
The Williams driver concluded their F1 career with a ninth-place finish at Yas Marina, a result that left them 11th in the standings of their 14th season.
The Brazilian insisted they were very proud of all they had achieved in the sport.
"To be honest I feel happy, I feel proud. I was fighting to the last lap, in the same way I was fighting the first lap of my career," said Massa.
"So I'm really happy for the result and for my race today and I am definitely emotional for this moment but proud. Proud for everything I did."
They added: "I'm proud of my career, I'm proud of everything I managed to achieve, managed to get. A lot of dreams, a lot of results, a lot of incredible things that happened.
"But I'm also proud that I always respected people and I feel a lot of respect. And that's a really amazing feeling."
Massa will get the car they raced in Brazil and Abu Dhabi as a parting gift from their Williams team.
They joked they were more careful with it now that it was his, having crashed it in the previous race at Interlagos.
"It's the same one I raced today. So I'm really happy and proud and for sure I was taking care a lot more in the car today, when I knew this car was mine!
"So anyway, it's really a fantastic gift from the team, from Claire, from Frank, from everyone that was working together at Williams. This team will always stay in my heart."
This is the second of three posts about Elastic Stack.
The Elastic Stack service is available to anyone who can reach it by default. This allows you to choose your security level and tools to provide it.
A simple search on Shodan for kibana or elasticsearch will quickly reveal that many do not secured their logs. I hope this post will encourage you to do so.
One efficient way to increase security is to place Elasticsearch and Kibana behind a front end web server, add encryption, and require a username and password.
service names
I've chosen the host names search.example.com for the Elasticsearch web API, and kibana.example.com for the Kibana web interface. You should choose something within your domain.
web server
I've chosen the “nginx” web server, due to its small size and straightforward configuration. Feel free to choose something else. Other good alternatives are “haproxy”, “apache httpd”, “hitch” and others.
Configuration
web server
Install nginx, using yum install nginx .
Add configuration for the listening ports of the upstream applications. They should listen on localhost ( [::] is the IPv6 address). TCP port 9200 is default for Elasticsearch, and 5601 for Kibana.
# /etc/nginx/conf.d/elastic.conf upstream elasticsearch { server [::1]:9200 ; } upstream kibana { server [::1]:5601 ; }
Add virtual host definitions for each:
# /etc/nginx/conf.d/servers.conf server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name search.example.com ; location / { proxy_pass http://elasticsearch ; } } server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name kibana.example.com ; location / { proxy_pass http://kibana ; } }
Reload nginx.
SELinux
In this example, I'm running on CentOS 7, which has SELinux set to Enforcing. I really don't want to turn that off, since it keeps the server reasonably secure.
If you attempt to request pages from http://search.example.com , nginx will answer 502 Bad Gateway . The web server is not allowed to make new network connections, so it can not proxy the request to Elasticsearch.
ssm@turbotape ~ :) % http http://search.example.com HTTP/1.1 502 Bad Gateway Connection: keep-alive Content-Length: 173 Content-Type: text/html Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 12:07:43 GMT Server: nginx/1.10.2 <html> <head> <title>502 Bad Gateway</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center> <h1>502 Bad Gateway</h1></center> <hr> <center>nginx/1.10.2</center> </body> </html>
This will be reflected in the audit logs on the system. A search for recent audit logs matching the command “nginx” shows this.
[root@elastic ~]# ausearch -i -c nginx -ts recent ---- type=SYSCALL msg=audit(11/29/2016 07:07:43.971:2167) : arch=x86_64 syscall=connect success=no exit=-13(Permission denied) a0=0xf a1=0x7f95123d8340 a2=0x1c a3=0x7ffff9848770 items=0 ppid=32727 pid=32728 auid=unset uid=nginx gid=nginx euid=nginx suid=nginx fsuid=nginx egid=nginx sgid=nginx fsgid=nginx tty=(none) ses=unset comm=nginx exe=/usr/sbin/nginx subj=system_u:system_r:httpd_t:s0 key=(null) type=AVC msg=audit(11/29/2016 07:07:43.971:2167) : avc: denied { name_connect } for pid=32728 comm=nginx dest=9200 scontext=system_u:system_r:httpd_t:s0 tcontext=system_u:object_r:unreserved_port_t:s0 tclass=tcp_socket
(By the way, note all the juicy details in that log. That would be awesome to search for in the web interface. We'll get there in part 3.)
We need to allow the web server to connect to the upstream applications. There is a httpd_can_network_connect SELinux boolean we can use, which enables all network connections.
[root@elastic ~]# setsebool httpd_can_network_connect on -P
If we retry the HTTP request, we should see “200 OK”.
ssm@turbotape ~ :) % http http://search.example.com HTTP/1.1 200 OK Connection: keep-alive Content-Length: 327 Content-Type: application/json; charset = UTF-8 Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 12:13:23 GMT Server: nginx/1.10.2 { "cluster_name": "elasticsearch", "cluster_uuid": "NRmDw4b2QvuCQYlnrRyeSQ", "name": "ZVasElj", "tagline": "You Know, for Search", "version": { "build_date": "2016-11-11T22:08:49.812Z", "build_hash": "080bb47", "build_snapshot": false, "lucene_version": "6.2.1", "number": "5.0.1" } }
(By the way, both kibana and elasticsearch is running as unconfined services. A targeted SELinux Policy Module is not included in the packages from Elastic yet.)
Password
Install httpd-tools , and add a password file for nginx.
[root@elastic ~]# yum -y install httpd-tools [root@elastic ~]# htpasswd -c /etc/nginx/users log New password: <type a password> Re-type new password: <type the same password> Adding password for user log
Update your virtual host definitions with auth_basic and auth_basic_user_file :
# /etc/nginx/conf.d/servers.conf server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name kibana.example.com ; auth_basic "Who You Be?" ; auth_basic_user_file /etc/nginx/users ; location / { proxy_pass http://kibana ; } } server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name search.local ; auth_basic "Who You Be?" ; auth_basic_user_file /etc/nginx/users ; location / { proxy_pass http://elasticsearch ; } }
HTTPS Certificates
If your server is exposed to the Internet, you should be able to use Let's Encrypt to generate a HTTPS certificate for each virtual host.
For testing, you can create dummy certificates:
[root@elastic ~]# cd /etc/pki/tls/certs/ [root@elastic ~]# ./make-dummy-cert search.example.com.pem [root@elastic ~]# ./make-dummy-cert kibana.example.com.pem
Update your virtual host definitions with https virtual hosts, and a redirect from http to https
# /etc/nginx/conf.d/servers.conf server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name kibana.example.com ; location / { return 301 https:// $server_name$request_uri ; } } server { listen 443 ; listen [::]:443 ; server_name kibana.example.com ; ssl on ; ssl_certificate /etc/pki/tls/certs/kibana.example.com.pem ; ssl_certificate_key /etc/pki/tls/certs/kibana.example.com.pem ; auth_basic "Who You Be?" ; auth_basic_user_file /etc/nginx/users ; location / { proxy_pass http://kibana ; } } server { listen 80 ; listen [::]:80 ; server_name search.example.com ; location / { return 301 https:// $server_name$request_uri ; } } server { listen 443 ; listen [::]:443 ; server_name search.example.com ; ssl on ; ssl_certificate /etc/pki/tls/certs/search.example.com.pem ; ssl_certificate_key /etc/pki/tls/certs/search.example.com.pem ; auth_basic "Who You Be?" ; auth_basic_user_file /etc/nginx/users ; location / { proxy_pass http://elasticsearch ; } }
A HTTP request should now redirect with 301 Moved Permanently .
ssm@turbotape ~ :) % http http://kibana.example.com HTTP/1.1 301 Moved Permanently Connection: keep-alive Content-Length: 185 Content-Type: text/html Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 13:21:48 GMT Location: https://kibana.example.com/ Server: nginx/1.10.2 <html> <head> <title>301 Moved Permanently</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center> <h1>301 Moved Permanently</h1></center> <hr> <center>nginx/1.10.2</center> </body> </html>
A HTTPS request should indicate that you need to provide a password with 401 Unauthorized . If you use dummy certificates, you need to tell “http” (or “curl”) not to verify the certificates.
ssm@turbotape ~ :) % http --verify=no https://kibana.example.com [...]: InsecureRequestWarning: Unverified HTTPS request is being made. [...] HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized Connection: keep-alive Content-Length: 195 Content-Type: text/html Date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 13:22:20 GMT Server: nginx/1.10.2 WWW-Authenticate: Basic realm="Who You Be?" <html> <head> <title>401 Authorization Required</title></head> <body bgcolor="white"> <center> <h1>401 Authorization Required</h1></center> <hr> <center>nginx/1.10.2</center> </body> </html>
We have now added authentication (client must submit username and password, server must present a valid HTTPS certificate), authorization (well, anyone authenticated can connect) and privacy (client connections are encrypted)
One step closer to a secure log search environment.
Guards suspended as video of attack on Oakland student surfaces
Two school security officers have been suspended and a criminal investigation is possible after the Oakland Unified School District's new superintendent and police chief discovered security-camera footage showing what they say is an unprovoked attack on a high school student that was then covered up by former officials.
The January 2014 video obtained by The Chronicle on Friday shows a male student at Fremont High School leaning against a doorway when they are confronted by two security guards, one of whom shoves them from the back. They then put them in a choke hold and drag him, their arm twisted, into the school's office.
After they attempt to flee, they are pushed against a wall and takes a swing. Then, largely off camera, according to district officials, one of the officers punches them multiple times. That the boy punched once and one of the officers punched three times is not in dispute, officials said.
At the time, district officials looked into the incident, but the written report does not reflect what the video shows, Superintendent Antwan Wilson said in an internal document distributed to district staff this week.
“The video reflects that the security officers initiated contact with the student, escalated the conflict, struck the student and used an improper technique to try and subdue him,” Wilson said in a public letter sent Friday to Fremont High staff and parents.
'Angered by what I saw'
“When I watched the video, I was angered by what I saw; not only the excessive force, but also the apparent response of some of the adults who either failed to act on behalf of the student during and/or after the incident,” they wrote. The security footage shows people going about business normally as the struggle unfolds in the school office.
After the incident, the student was suspended for five days. The security officers, who have not been identified, received no disciplinary action, Oakland schools Police Chief Jeff Godown said.
“The only narrative in entire (district police report) that had any truth to it is the child's statement,” said the chief. The district has its own police force, which is not common even in urban areas. The men involved were not police officers but security officers, which are posted at middle and high schools. The district's former police chief, James Williams, could not be reached for comment.
Godown said the video shows the security officers putting the boy in a carotid artery arm hold, something police officers are trained to do, but not district police or the security officers. The boy was choking, they said.
“I just don't see any reason for them to have physically touched them or pushed him,” they said. “You see the kid punch the (school security officer), which they admit because he's choking to death.”
After legal inquiries from the student's family a week ago, Wilson and Godown, who is also new to the district, reviewed the case file and video and immediately suspended the two security officers. They forwarded the video to Oakland police and the Alameda County district attorney's office for a possible criminal investigation.
Reopened investigation
They also reopened the district investigation, with the goal of determining who knew about the incident, who saw the video and who failed to act.
The video shows several adults in the office during the physical altercation. One person enters as the student is being restrained, collects a paper and leaves.
“This event is going to become public and will elicit strong reactions — anyone who views this video and understands the circumstances of what happened in its wake should be justifiably angry,” the internal district summary of the incident stated. “Given a history of incidents as well as recent violence, this revelation has the potential to inflame racial, geographic and other tensions across our school communities, which we have to address and ensure do not lead to further violence or danger.”
Part of their concern is that the boy is Latino and the two security officers are African American, district officials said.
Wilson noted that the incident at Fremont High occurred just a few months before the assault on a student in a wheelchair by a school security officer at Oakland High School in May that resulted in criminal charges filed against the officer.
On Friday afternoon, several district officials met with Fremont teachers, staff and community leaders to discuss what happened.
“I'd say the tone was solemn,” district spokesperson Troy Flint said. “I think people were absorbing the information.” Officials also planned to hold community meetings at Fremont High next week to answer questions and discuss staff conduct toward students.
Apologized to family
The superintendent, who started in July, told staff that all previous investigations related to excessive force by school security officers would be reviewed. In addition, district officials contacted the student's family Friday to apologize.
Wilson reiterated the apology in the internal memo to district staff and leadership.
“We are deeply sorry and apologize to (the student) and their family, as well as the OUSD community at large,” they wrote. “What happened in this January 2014 incident is absolutely unacceptable. This should not and cannot occur anywhere in OUSD, ever.”
Jill Tucker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jilltucker
I think I need to stop reducing myself to a victim of circumstance. Yes I get it. I gave it my all. I set my mind to it. I put in my hundred percent, non-withstanding. I didn't hold back, I just kept giving and giving, kept trying and trying, like a river that never runs dry.
But it did eventually, didn't it? Somewhere midway, somehow, I realized with a jolt that my river had caved in, dried up, barren and empty. I found myself rooted to the ground, motionless, in a stagnant stasis I imposed upon myself.
And just a few days ago, I relished in it. It's so easy to blame your unforgiving circumstances, to vent your frustration about your grades hurtling downsouth despite your efforts, to let loose all your pent up disappointment towards the people you least expect to hurt you but hurt you still anyway, to moan and groan at the mundanity and monotony of the daily grind. It's so damn easy to relish in the thought that hey, it's not my fault! Life threw shade at me and well, surely that gives me the excuse to reciprocate as given. I mean it does make some sort of sense right? When served up a tantalizing platter of “go screw yourself,” how self-satisfying, how smug it would be for you to serve one right back to the very person or the very entity that screwed you over in the first place, with extra toppings of screw-you's on the sides of course.
Because humans are so passive aggressive sometimes. It's like a defense mechanism built into us, an instinctive recoil, an intuitive ” eye for an eye” treatment. It's like a fine, since you treat me like crap, since you strip me of any hope of a minute's success, since you keep hurling bullshit after bullshit at my face, despite how much effort I'm putting in, despite how badly I want it to work, I'll give it back to you as you duly deserve.
When provoked, we tend to lash out, spewing nonsense in every possible direction, then curl up into a corner, desperately convincing ourselves with frilly phrases like “once bitten twice shy” and numb ourselves to the point that we choose to trundle along the safe side of the path, never again straying into the mysterious wilderness of the woods.
We stop trying, stop giving, stop putting ourselves out there. And because we delude ourselves into thinking we're jaded, that we have been through hell and back, that we KNOW best, we seal ourselves into our own protective bubble and turn our head from a challenge. To not get hurt again. To not have to go through all that pain. To hide, far far away from the shoreline, so we avoid the turbulent tide, so we avoid the plunge.
But honestly, I'm so so tired of stasis, so sick of the heartline on the cardiogram stammering itself into a tight straight line. Because what does this make me? Nothing but a coward who gave up, a timid child who chose to bury themselves in their own misery and discontent. So what if the world rains poison on your head? So what if people hurt you? So what if you fall time and time again? Circumstance should never be an excuse to wall yourself up and raise a white flag.
For if you choose passivity, if you choose cold indifference, if you choose to tell yourself okay that's it I'm not doing this anymore, if you choose to back off, it doesn't make you all the wiser, all the more mature. Nor does it make you a more tolerant, enduring person, even less does it place you above everyone else. That's merely glorifying it. What it makes you is someone who doesn't have the balls (or *insert female reproductive organ* because gender equality) to stand your ground.
Honestly, nobody cares. The world couldn't be bothered enough to give five shits about you being such a drama queen or a sobbing hot mess.
So stop it. We determine our experience. We determine how fulfilling, and how meaningful our lives turn out to be. It's a choice we consciously have to make. We need to stop telling ourselves that we're the broken ones, the victims, the maligned ones who got caught up in the crossfire of life's epic battle. For we are already IN the battle. And what is a battle if we don't go down fighting?
To put it plainly, making the active choice to keep fighting your battles, to give unconditionally, to try hard for whatever you set your mind to, is as bad-ass, and as liberating as holding up a middle finger to the universe, like fuck me up all you want as long as I don't allow myself to be fucked up in turn.
But understand that not all battles can be won. Some battles are worth fighting for, more so than others. Some battles leave you tired and world-weary. Pick your battles. And pick them well.
So to every onslaught of tsunami wave coming my way: Continue knocking me down, continue soaking me, continue leaving me cold, wet and unfulfilled, because instead of biting my lip and helplessly standing there, I'll be hitting back again and again, throwing my punches again and again.
Who cares if I don't end up victorious? Your experiences, your actions, the very choices you make, are what moulds you and grows you as a person. It's what defines you.
To anyone who is as wary as I am, I challenge you, keep pushing your boundaries. After all, what happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. Never restrict yourself. Never settle.
Stay, unabashedly, foolish.
The Open Government Directive encouraged states to put valuable government data online. In this series we're reviewing each state's efforts in this direction.
This week: Missouri
Website: www.mapyourtaxes.mo.gov
Residents of Missouri who want a glimpse at their state's official checkbook have a great resource in the so-called Missouri Accountability Portal (MAP). It's lacking one important tool, however: an accounting of state revenues. Online since 2005, the site boasts real-time updates, full downloadability and checkbook-level details. While it could benefit from a couple of improvements -- such as a list of the dates purchases were made -- it is a solid example of transparent accounting, at least on the payment side. According to Kelvin Simmons, Commissioner of Administration for the state, the website wasn't required by law when it went online, but subsequent legislation has institutionalized some of its offerings.
Timeliness: According to Simmons, the website is entirely automated. Payments and employee salaries are updated in real time.
Downloadability: All figures on the site, from entire fiscal years' worth of information to the results of individual searches, can be downloaded in machine-readable format by clicking on an "Export" button on the side of the page. The larger datasets can be obtained by heading over to the data download page.
Expenditures: The MAP site gets down in the weeds on this one. You can learn that in Fiscal Year 2009, the Office of Administration's Housekeeping and Janitor Services paid a company called A1 Economy Fire Protection $46 for "Fire Extinguisher Services." By searching by vendor name, you can see that in the last three fiscal years, that same company received $1,389 for various fire safety services.
Revenues: State revenue data is not available on mapyourtaxes.mo.gov. It's a big oversight, and one that if implemented, would bring Missouri's accountability site up to par with the best state sites in the nation.
Contracts: Like expenditures, contracts are available at a granular level, and can be searched by vendor name or agency. The state also offers a search by contract number. Other information can be found on a separate site, including details about winning and losing bids. This could come in handy both for reporters looking for improper dealings and for losing bidders looking for future contracts. Copies of the actual contracts aren't posted on the site, as they are in some other states.
Payroll Data: Current gross pay and year-to-date gross pay are available. While the figures aren't broken down into regular salary and bonuses, the numbers are up-to-date and include employees at all levels of government -- from janitors to executives.
Tax Breaks: The site does list five entities that received tax credits through two state programs, as well as a PDF that gives summary information about state tax breaks. It's helpful if you want to know what kind of ventures the state giving incentives to, and which industries are getting the biggest boosts (hint: real estate, real estate, real estate). But no individual companies are named in the report.
In March, 1958, an American magazine Life published a big article devoted to the crisis of the educational system in the USA. As an example there were chosen two schoolboys – Alexey Kutskov from Moscow and Stephen Lapekas from Chikago. The magazine's correspondents were chasing the boys everywhere, watching how they were studying, what were interested in, what were reading, how they were spending their time after lessons…
America was shocked by the results of the research. Alexey and Stephen were peers, both aged 16, but Alexey was considerably more educated than Stephen. On the pictures the readers of the article could see how Alexey made experiments at physics and chemistry lessons, played volleyball or chess, read Shakespeare, went sightseeing, was taught music. Nearly all their time they were spending for studies, they thought of entering the institute being convinced that their fate depended on it. Stephen, in their turn, didn't care much about studying though they were going to enter a college. The list of the subjects they were taught was rather shorter but even at them their progress left a lot to be desired. Lapekas' parents even had to pay for supportive lessons. But they don't care much about it – they spend their time with their girlfriend, dancing rock-and-roll at never-ending parties.
America did make some conclusions from the experiment. Just after this article the educational system of the USA was seriously reformed – the academic program of schools and institutes was altered, gifted students began to receive grants and wages of teaches became substantially higher. The American school forgot about poverty and it happened thanks largely to Alexey Kutskov, a student of 10B grade of Moscow school №49.
A Soviet schoolboy Alexey Kutskov from Moscow.
Alexey playing chess.
At the physics lesson.
Volleyball.
Lunch with friends.
In the metro with schoolmates.
Walking with a friend.
Shop class.
Doing homework with a friend.
Experiments at a chemistry lesson.
Follow @renailemay
news Several influential commentators on the National Broadband Network have publicly agreed over the past several days with Infrastructure Australia's recommendation that the NBN company should be broken up into chunks along technological lines and privatised.
Last week Infrastructure Australia released what it billed as a 15-year Infrastructure Plan and associated priority list. The agency stated baldly that over the medium-term period, the Federal Government should “transfer NBN Co to private ownership”, including options for splitting the NBN company into chunks on either technological or geographical grounds. However, Infrastructure Australia did not include any rationale or evidence for why it had made the recommendation.
In the days following the release of the document, a number of key NBN commentators have come out broadly supporting IA's recommendation.
In a post on their blog (we recommend you click here for the full article), former NBN company chief technology officer Gary McLaren pointed out that they had previously come out in support of splitting up the NBN and selling it off.
“I have previously come out in support of the Vertigan Panel recommendations and the earliest possible implementation of a split of NBN Co,” wrote McLaren. They directed readers to an article they had published in Business Spectator in October 2014, where they argued for the split.
At the time, McLaren argued that the best way to accelerate the deployment of telecommunications infrastructure — especially fibre — would stagnate under the monopoly utility model which the NBN company currently embodies.
“I have no doubt a competitive infrastructure model will result in more fibre being deployed over the medium to long term than relying on a multi technology monopoly. It will also be more efficient and innovative. New entrants will relish the opportunity to compete with incumbent carriers,” wrote McLaren at the time.
NBN blogger Kenneth Tsang has also come out in favour of splitting up the NBN company and selling it off.
Tsang posted a detailed thought piece last week (we recommend you click here for the full article), essentially arguing that although a Fibre to the Premises monopoly would have been the best way to ensure the upgrade of Australia's telecommunications network, this model was no longer the form that Australia was proceeding with.
“… a Multi-Technology Mix is an effective way to drive infrastructure competition. However, it doesn't work when it's being built by a single entity — especially not a Government-owned enterprise,” wrote Tsang.
“Yes, I'd still argue that a Fibre to the Premises model would have been the ideal model. It would have made privatisation easier, it would have been far more elegant. But what's done is done … if done correctly — splitting and selling the NBN is probably the best way forward for Australia.”
Tsang and McLaren, in supporting splitting up the NBN company, are adding their voices to a substantial list of other commentators who have also called for the same thing, ranging from ACCC chair Rod Sims, to the Vertigan Review carried out under Turnbull as Communications Minister.
The general argument being made is that by splitting up the NBN company along technological lines (eg, a company that sells HFC cable, a company that sells Fibre to the X broadband), the Government would create a natural incentive for each company to compete with each other and upgrade their infrastructure.
However, all parties have also noted substantial issues in the way to this end being achieved.
McLaren, particularly, this week noted that the NBN company's operational processes and IT systems would need to be untangled from their current state, and that financial considerations would also come into play, with the company's valuation making it unclear how it would be sold and what return private sector investors could expect.
opinion/analysis
Do I personally believe that the NBN company should be split up and sold off?
Fuck no.
There are many elements of the arguments made this week by people like McLaren and Tsang that I do agree with, and I respect them both highly. I also respect ACCC chair Rod Sims and even the Vertigan panellists. Each of these commentators have made a great deal of sense when it comes to their specific arguments for splitting up and selling up the NBN.
However, ultimately when it comes to the bigger picture … I fundamentally disagree with the fact that this approach would lead to a positive outcome in the short, medium or long-term. I believe it would screw up Australia's telco sector even worse than it is already screwed up — and it's messed up pretty royally right now.
I don't always agree with Greens Senator (and my former boss) Scott Ludlam on all things. However, I do strongly agree with their long-espoused view that the NBN company should remain in public hands for the foreseeable future.
The Australian public has a shedload of its own money and a shedload of policy capital invested in the NBN project. It is incumbent upon the Federal Government to retain the project in public ownership until the long-term future of the project becomes clear and it is delivering on its aims. Malcolm Turnbull's Mess has muddied the waters substantially for the NBN over the past few years. We need matters to clear up so that the future becomes clear before we flog the whole lot off to the private sector.
If we don't consider this matter very carefully, we risk repeating the mistakes of the past. And I've written about far too many of those mistakes to want to see them come around again.
The brilliant, infuriating, persistent, renegade psychiatrist Thomas Szasz has died.
Szasz is usually associated with anti-psychiatry but they rejected the label and really had nothing in common with the likes of R.D Laing, David Cooper and the rest. You can see this in their work.
They had two main arguments. The first was that the concept of ‘mental illness' was really just a metaphor, in the same way that saying someone's movie preferences were ‘sick'.
Because neither can be defined objectively and are a subjective interpretation of conscious states or behaviour, they excluded them from what can acceptably be called an illness.
The second stemmed from a political position. Szasz strictly adhered to a libertarian or classical liberal view of freedom and believed the only legitimate restriction of freedom should be the result of crime.
They saw psychiatry as a structure fundamentally built around restricting the freedom of ‘patients' – the only branch of medicine to do so – meaning they thought it lacked legitimacy in both its aims and justification.
Most critics of psychiatry suggest that it doesn't sufficiently ‘help' people with psychological problems. Szasz saw this as promoting the idea of privileged helpers and medically-dependent patients.
Suggestions that psychiatry should not use drugs, should reject diagnoses, or should recognise some experiences as normal were an anathema to Szasz. The problem, according to him, was not the practices but a paradigm that allowed any restriction of freedom.
They were one of the most important critics of psychiatry not because they said it was done badly, but because they said it was incompatible with human liberty. A powerful reminder to a powerful profession.
But so much of it relied on buying into Szasz's politics – and this was their major failing.
Szasz saw individual liberty as a pure and unalienable right while most see it as as important principle that should be balanced with the good of the community.
Different people draw the line in different places while Szasz is clearly on the extreme end of the spectrum.
They became famous with their book The Myth of Mental Illness in the 1960s when the extremes of personal freedom were popular, but as time has moved on Szasz's politics have seemed increasingly out-of-place.
Their association with Scientology through the CCHR or the ‘Citizens Commission on Human Rights' made them look increasingly suspect as the organization lost its 60s counter-culture associations and became an intimidating corporate nonsense shop.
Szasz will surely be missed, however. They were active and writing right until the end of their life – never giving up on their campaign for extreme liberty.
Link to death notice.
The first alpha release of Ubuntu 15.10 Wily Werewolf was released a few hours ago, which features images for Kubuntu, Lubuntu, Ubuntu MATE, UbuntuKylin and the Ubuntu Cloud images.
Alpha 1 includes a number of software updates that are ready for wider testing. All releases are based on Linux Kernel 3.19.
Kubuntu 15.10 Alpha 1 features Plasma 5.3 desktop and KDE Applications 15.04.1.
features Plasma 5.3 desktop and KDE Applications 15.04.1. LXQt is still in development, Lubuntu 15.10 Alpha 1 is set to be another bug fix release.
is set to be another bug fix release. Ubuntu MATE 15.10 Alpha 1 features TLP for improved laptop battery endurance, xdg-utils support, more options in MATE Tweak tool, artwork updates, and some fixes.
For Ubuntu flavor developers and those who want to help in testing, reporting and fixing bugs, download Ubuntu 15.10 Alpha 1 from:
Kubuntu 15.10: http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/kubuntu/releases/wily/
Lubuntu 15.10: http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/lubuntu/releases/wily/
Ubuntu MATE 15.10: http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntu-mate/releases/wily/
UbuntuKylin 15.10: http://cdimage.ubuntu.com/ubuntukylin/releases/wily/
Ubuntu Cloud 15.10: http://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/releases/wily/
Ubuntu 15.10 release schedule:
Alpha 1 – June 25th
Alpha 2 – July 30th
– July 30th Feature Freeze — August 20th
Beta 1 – August 27th
– August 27th UI Freeze — September 10th
Beta 2 – September 24th
– September 24th Kernel Freeze — October 15th
Release Candidate – October 15th
– October 15th Ubuntu 15.10 Final – October 22nd
via: fridge.ubuntu.com
Over the next decade, House Bill 2201 returns $780 million to taxpayers by paying back overpayments. It requires greater Sound Transit accountability while keeping voter-approved light-rail projects on track.
THE public needs relief from unfair car-tab valuations and daily traffic jams.
That's why both chambers of the Legislature should support a bipartisan solution to the car-tab problem while honoring the will of voters for light-rail expansion.
Last November, voters approved Sound Transit 3, a comprehensive plan for light rail and other mass transit options throughout Snohomish, King and Pierce counties.
Rep. Judy Clibborn, D-Mercer Island, is chair of the House Transportation Committee. Rep. Mike Pellicciotti, D-Federal Way, is a member of the House Transportation Committee and the prime sponsor of House Bill 2201.
To pay for those projects, voters approved an increase in car tab taxes from .3 to 1.1 percent of a car's estimated value. It's not the job of a statewide legislature immediately to second-guess a region's vote. But the Legislature does have an oversight role to make sure that the car valuation system is accurate.
There's a better system, established in 2006 by a joint House-Senate task force. That updated schedule more accurately reflects car values and tracks closely with Kelley Blue Book, according to an analysis last month by The Seattle Times. The Legislature should have required use of this 2006 valuation system.
House Bill 2201 fixes the car valuation problem by paying taxpayers back the difference between the 1996 and the 2006 schedules. It's a bipartisan plan that passed the House of Representatives on a 64-33 vote.
Over the next decade, House Bill 2201 returns $780 million to taxpayers by paying back overpayments. It requires greater Sound Transit accountability while keeping voter-approved light rail projects on track.
Ultimately, every House representative — Democrat and Republican — who represents Sound Transit taxpayers voted for House Bill 2201.
There are certainly those in the House who wish there were not such significant cuts to Sound Transit, and there are those who wish for more cuts to mass transit. But this is about fixing a problem, not re-litigating light rail or thwarting the will of voters. So why does it seem like Senate Republicans are taking their eye off that goal?
Before this fix, Senate Republicans said car valuation overcharging was the issue in the “car-tab controversy.” Yet the Senate refused to allow a vote on House Bill 2201.
Instead, Senate Republicans now want to re-litigate light rail. In a straight partisan vote, Republicans proposed slashing the voter-approved initiative and dismantling light rail by several billion dollars with even more tax dollars going to add debt services.
This would both derail the voter-approved plan and redirect billions in tax dollars to Wall Street investors instead of taxpayers or light rail. It's a purely partisan bill, with costs of the first and second versions estimated at between $5 billion and $12 billion. This is neither affordable nor viable.
So why waste time on a non-solution?
Senate Republicans claimed the car-valuation system was the problem that needed fixing. Many of the same senators who voted two years ago to use the outdated 1996 car valuation schedule are now preoccupied with blaming Sound Transit for the valuation system that senators authorized.
Our job in Olympia is to solve problems, not create new ones. There's no point in stirring the pot and treating this issue like a political football.
The public is tired of politics as usual. We should leave political games for the other Washington and focus on the immediate relief taxpayers deserve on car tabs.
Please contact your local lawmakers and tell them you support House Bill 2201, the bipartisan House car-tab fix.
First, contact your cable company at the number listed above. Be courteous and state the facts briefly, providing any additional information which supports your position. It will be helpful if you have your account number, copies of bills, receipts, Canceled checks, letters, and company notices – anything which supports your position.
When talking to your cable company, be sure to get the name of the people you talk with and keep copies of any correspondence from them. If you are sending a complaint by mail, do not send it with your bill and make sure you send it to the address listed on the top of the bill. Please do not send it to the City, as this will slow down any response.
Be very specific about what it is you are asking about. If you have more than one question or complaint, write them down so you cover them all. Also be specific about what it is you are asking your cable company to do: whether you are calling about a service call or a credit, tell them directly.
If you do not receive a satisfactory response, ask to speak with a supervisor. This is your right. If you are still not satisfied, you may contact us at the Office of Cable Communications for assistance. You may email a complaint to Y2hhbWxpbkBmY2dvdi5jb20= or call us at 970-221-6510. Please be sure to include your name, the name of the person on the account, your telephone number on the account, and the address. Describe the problem clearly.
Share. Get your Bolts ready for spending. Get your Bolts ready for spending.
Galactic Rangers looking for more Ratchet and Clank gear can prepare to suit up with new merchandise courtesy of iam8bit.
Two new T-shirts and a glow-in-the-dark poster will be available for pre-order beginning June 9 at 10 am PDT. Andrew Kolb's Constellations of the Solana Galaxy screenprint features a number of characters and weapons from the Ratchet and Clank series and will only be available for a limited 350-print run. Check out the poster's glow-in-the-dark feature below.
Via iam8bit
Additionally, Captain Qwark and Big Al shirts will also be available for pre-order. Swipe through the gallery below to check out both shirts, and a more detailed look at Kolb's original artwork.
Ratchet & Clank iam8bit Merchandise 8 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 08 Andrew Kolb's Constellations of the Solana Galaxy 01 OF 08 Andrew Kolb's Constellations of the Solana Galaxy Ratchet & Clank iam8bit Merchandise iam8bit Download Image Captions ESC
Pre-orders will begin on June 9. iam8bit previously released the first wave of official merchandise for Ratchet and Clank, including a vinyl print of the soundtrack, pins, and other items. For more on Ratchet and Clank, check out IGN's review of the PS4 game.
Exit Theatre Mode
Jonathon Dornbush is practicing their Captain Qwark impersonation to go along with the new shirt. Find them talking about Ratchet and more on Twitter @jmdornbush.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - We're halfway through the NBA season and Cleveland Cavaliers' newly cemented coach, Tyronn Lue, wants their team to get in better shape.
In Lue's first game in charge Saturday night -- a 96-83 loss to the Chicago Bulls -- they said conditioning was an issue.
"The vision I have for this team, I think we got to play faster," they said. "I think we have to utilize Kyrie's [Irving] and LeBron's [James] one-on-one ability in transition, open the floor more. ... We just haven't been accustomed to playing that way. So, something new. I have to do a better job to get us in better shape."
Lue wants to do away with walking the ball up court, with the goal of limiting the number of half-court sets. Saturday, Cleveland shot an abysmal 37 percent from the field and was 9-of-22 from the charity stripe, losing its second home game in the last three opportunities.
Fatigue was a factor, said Lue.
"I don't think we're in good enough shape," they said. "I think early we wanted to push it, we wanted to open the floor and I think we came out and did that and we just dropped off the map.
"I think we got tired. 'Bron came out early, Ky wanted to come out early, Kevin wanted to come out early. So, I just don't think we're in good enough shape to play the style we want to play."
In order for this switch in pace to work, Lue will have to use their bench to keep guys fresh. They used 10 players in the first quarter, a sign he's trying to establish an effective second unit. But players succumbing to exhaustion caught them off guard.
"I had a mindset of how I wanted to play and how I wanted the rotation to be and then LeBron came out early, Kevin came out early, Ky came out early and then Tristan [Thompson] gets two fouls. It kind of put us in a tough position," they said.
Lue said it's going to take a couple of weeks before the team is fit to handle the rigors of a accelerated pace, but their players are up for the task at hand.
"We need to start doing stuff on off days, doing stuff at practice, during shootarounds, getting up and down the floor, getting our heart rate going because they want to play faster," James said. "He wants to play with more pace than we've done in the past. Try to get up and down the floor before the defense is set on us. We all need to get in better shape."
Love is all for the pace bandwagon.
"I think that we do have the personnel to get the best out of playing that brand of basketball and playing with pace," they said. "There are a lot of ways that I can play in this and I just feel like we need to get used to playing a faster brand. I think that started today and we'll get better pretty quick."
What will it take to get guys in shape?
"We just got to do a lot of stuff full court, just running through your offense," Lue explained. "But instead of doing it twice, we'll have to do it eight times in row. Back [and] back until you get it right. I don't believe in running sprints like that per se, but we have to do things to incorporate running and getting into shape however I have to do that."
It's going to take some time before this team gets where Lue believes they need to be. The coaching change is an unexpected hurdle for the Cavaliers, but the players agreed they're headed in the right direction.
Lue's message is clear: "If you want to be out on the floor, you can't get tired. And if you do, you have to come out," James said.
As a white kid growing up in a largely Chinese suburb of Toronto, I spent much of my time thinking about Asian girls.
They sat next to me in class, ate in our school's cafeteria, and ran around the yard during recess, so my interest—especially as a horny, pubescent boy—wasn't cause for concern.
I first heard about “yellow fever” during elementary school after a few guys mentioned it. Back then, the term was shorthand for someone white who had a crush on someone Asian, and at our school, it applied to the girls as much as it did the boys.
I didn't think much about yellow fever at the time, though, because my 12-year-old brain was a veritable encyclopedia of crude lingo. To me, it was just another form of teasing that I threw into my sizable trashcan of forgotten terms, lying dormant all these years—until now.
After spending half of my twenties living and working in Hong Kong and South Korea, I returned to North America last summer, at 30, with a reputation as a White Guy Who Dates Asian Girls. Friends are once again teasing me for having “yellow fever,” and as far as facts are concerned, I can't argue with the designation: My current partner is Chinese-American, while my most recent ex-girlfriend is Vietnamese-Canadian.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
...to my ears, I'm being called a deviant. A sexual objectifier.
But it still bugs me.
I can dismiss their playful ribbing the same way I dismissed most name-calling during elementary school—after all, there's nothing wrong with dating women of Asian descent—but “yellow fever” isn't an innocuous, empty label. To some, its subtext is heavily charged. Friends may just be having fun, but to my ears, I'm being called a deviant. A sexual objectifier.
Google “yellow fever,” and you'll see that many Asian women have taken back the term to shame white men who fetishize them based on racial stereotypes. Such men believe all Asian women are docile and hypersexual, and happily project these qualities onto potential romantic partners. In other words, they prey on Asian women simply because they're Asian.
But this essay isn't about that type of yellow fever. It's about me, remember?
While I'm sympathetic to the plight of Asian women who are exotified by awful white men, this new, zeitgeisty application of the term “yellow fever” hasn't replaced the way it was used in my schoolyard all those years ago: as a catchall term for any white person who pursues any Asian person.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
This is the same way my friends use it while teasing me now—they're not accusing me of fetishizing my current or past girlfriends. On the contrary, I'm sure my friends see me as the educated, well-intentioned, liberal-minded guy I am. They're just referencing that old childhood label I'm forced to wear as a white guy who happens to date Asian women more often than not.
The casual, schoolyard variant of “yellow fever”—currently Urban Dictionary's top definition of the term —is what I want to talk about.
So, let's talk about it.
Think for a second about what my friends are saying when they describe me as someone with yellow fever. They're not saying I irrationally, compulsively, and obsessively fetishize my Asian partners; instead, they're implying that I consider a woman's race when dating. Maybe we all do and maybe it's just part of our lengthy list of sexual preferences. I accept that.
But because of the negative connotations associated with yellow fever's other, more troublesome definition, the label is disrespectful to every smart, funny, kind, beautiful, and wholly wonderful Asian women I've loved. It suggests that their race was more important to me than their other attributes.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
When strangers and acquaintances casually accuse me of having yellow fever, it's both personally insulting and racist towards my Asian partners. That's because, one, they wouldn't have doubted my feelings for these women had they been white, and two, they're implying that these women date men who only value them for their skin color. The term, then, becomes a way to shame white men and Asian women for entering relationships with each other.
It's one of the weirder forms of racism out there: an accusation of racism that is itself racist.
It's one of the weirder forms of racism out there: an accusation of racism that is itself racist.
So, why is our default reaction to just shrug it off? Why is it okay for white guys who date Asian girls to regularly hear that they have yellow fever?
I'll go even further, and suggest that shaming someone for their interracial relationship can actually encourage them to have racist thoughts. I'm guilty of this. Whenever someone teases me for having yellow fever, my knee-jerk reaction is to defend myself by rattling off my romantic resume, including all the non-Asian women I've dated or fooled around with (“Oh, come on, my girlfriend in college was white!”). My logic is that the greater the list's diversity, the less it can be said that I have a racial fetish. But it's the equivalent of standing on a mountaintop, and shouting: I date white women, too, you guys! I have a healthy attitude towards women and race!
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Isn't the reverse true, though? By accusing me of objectifying women based on their race, I felt compelled to do just that. Without hesitation, I categorized past partners along racial lines, and referenced a time when I'd also dated within my own race. I took the bait—and that's shameful, too.
My frustrations with casual charges of yellow fever aren't unique—I'm sure many of the points I've raised, here, also apply to other kinds of relationship-shaming. But I wrote this essay because the term is becoming more popular.
We should absolutely bring greater awareness to the ugly fetishization of Asian women, but by liberally using “yellow fever” to describe deviant behavior, it continues thriving as a loaded way to describe healthy interracial relationships. So, why not dump the term altogether?
Imagine: Fetishists are fetishists, racists are racists, and a White Guy Who Dates Asian Girls is exactly that. Can't we leave everything else in the schoolyard?
I've complained a couple times about the new Xbox music app for WP 8.1, and thankfully Microsoft are listening (not necessarily to me, but to someone who's also complaining). The latest update to the Xbox Music app (which is live in the store for WP 8.1 users) brings some much-needed performance enhancements, as well as a feature people have been asking for since WP 7… Audio scrubbing! Yes you can finally drag the seek bar to a specific part of the song and listen from there, instead of keeping the skip button pressed (like a fast forward button on a VCR from the 90's). The full official changelog is listed below, including some bug fixes and playlist fixes (I had a problem where playlists would multiply exponentially with each song being listed 4 times or more, as well as the inability to delete said affected playlists).
Audio scrubbing is now supported! Slide the track progress indicator in the Now Playing screen to advance to the spot you like.
Smoother FFW and REW animations.
UI fixes to improve visibility of content.
Bug fixed where songs are incorrectly removed from playlists.
Fixes for unexpected app exits.
You can grab the update by heading to the store, or scanning the QR Code below:
US wants post-Brexit free trade deal with UK 'fast', says Boris Johnson
US wants post-Brexit free trade deal with UK 'fast', says Boris Johnson
Boris Johnson is confident of a trade deal with the US
Boris Johnson has said the incoming Trump administration is keen to do a free trade deal with the UK and "fast".
Fresh from their trip to the US to meet with key members of Donald Trump's team, Boris Johnson told MPs there was a "huge fund of goodwill" for the UK on Capitol Hill.
Asked in the House of Commons how quickly the UK could do a deal with America, Mr Johnson said: "There was a huge fund of goodwill for the United Kingdom on Capitol Hill and a very large measure of understanding that now is the time to do a free trade deal.
"They want to do it and they want to do it fast and that understanding was most vivid and most urgent on the part of the incoming administration".
Immediately after meeting Mr Trump's senior advisers for talks earlier this week, Mr Johnson declared Britain was "first in line" for a trade deal with the US. The Foreign Secretary, who once quipped they would not visit parts of New York because of the "real risk of meeting Donald Trump", praised the President-elect's "very exciting agenda of change".
They also said relations between the UK and US would remain close once Mr Trump takes office on 20 January.
:: Analysis: Boris Johnson avoids awkward questions on 'secretive' US trip
April: Obama's Brexit warning
Outgoing President Barack Obama warned during the EU referendum campaign that Britain
But Mr Johnson said: "Clearly, the Trump administration-to-be has a very exciting agenda of change.
"One thing that won't change though is the closeness of the relationship between the US and the UK.
"We are the number two contributor to defence in NATO. We are America's principal partner in working for global security and, of course, we are great campaigners for free trade.
"We hear that we are first in line to do a great free trade deal with the United States. So, it's going to be a very exciting year for both our countries."
Mr Johnson met Mr Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner and their chief strategist Steve Bannon in New York after flying there on Sunday.
November - Boris Johnson: Stop the Trump whinge-o-rama
They have also been meeting other key Republicans in Washington, including House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Prime Minister Theresa May is due to meet Mr Trump in Washington next month.
Speaking to Sophy Ridge on Sunday, Mrs May said Mr Trump's previous lewd remarks about women were "unacceptable".
:: Analysis: Diplomats look to mend relations between May and Trump
PM: 'Trump comments unacceptable'
The President-elect faced an angry backlash during last year's presidential campaign after a 2005 recording emerged of them boasting about groping women.
In their first broadcast interview of the year, the Prime Minister was critical of the comments, but pointed out Mr Trump had since apologised for them.
Mr Trump has tweeted they were "very much" looking forward to meeting Mrs May, adding that they considered Britain to be a "very special" ally.
Everyone needs a good album full of anthems to keep on repeat for a long car ride. Grouplove has delivered their third album Big Mess, and that album definitely fits the criteria. It's full of big moments and honest fun.
Grouplove has churned out indie tunes for years now. Big Mess is their third album, so they're no longer in that range of records with the high pressure on them. By the third album, most bands have found what works for them and can start really being themselves without needing to worry about the implications of their sound. That's very evident in Big Mess.
Right from the start, this album sounds like it has a very good understanding of what it wants to accomplish. It opens with the synthy intro of 'Welcome To Your Life' that leads into a light verse with sweet vocals from Hannah Hooper before they trade off with Christian Zucconi who takes over with a country twang to their voice. The chorus explodes with a reckless abandon, and the bridge brings that energy one step further. The song ends bigger than it was at any point, powerchords strumming and vocals sounding high and mighty.
The album has a bit of rebelliousness to it. 'Do You Love Someone' might as well be a pop punk track, and Grouplove pulls off the sound better than most pop punk bands do. Zucconi belts out high and strong above the guitar. The final chorus explodes as Grouplove reaches the most anthemic sound they've pulled off since they started. Gang vocals reign huge in 'Cannonball' which give it an extra edge above the distorted basslines and keyboards, allowing it to sound absolutely giant.
This album isn't all jams and rebellion - there are some great softer moments on the record. 'Standing In The Sun' is a quieter track, beginning with acoustic guitar before building into a bigger feel-good rock track with an awesome guitar solo in the middle. It ends as sweetly as it began, with the rest of the instruments joining in for a peaceful jam to close out. 'Enlighten Me' progresses from a quiet piano intro and evolves into an epic electronic rock banger. The bridge of 'Traumatized' has a great quiet bridge that adds a nice contrast to its rocky interior. The album ends on a sweet track with 'Hollywood', too. It's almost comedic with the droopy trumpets, but takes the album on a light hearted note.
Grouplove has really owned their sound. Big Mess feels free and fresh no matter how many times you listen to it. It's relatable while still sounding upbeat, rebellious, and anthemic. It's more pop punk than most pop punk bands think they are, and that's saying something when this album is equally indie rock as it can get. Big Mess isn't perfect, but it's a great record all around. There's a charm in that reckless abandon.
ADVERTISEMENT:
With Eternal Masters coming out Friday I'm sure everyone is running out to spend all of their money and then some on the hottest singles. As of Sunday night, nobody has foils up for pre-order yet so I'm still waiting, longing for a foil Maelstrom Wanderer.
Modern is coming
With the release of Eldritch Moon we will be moving in Modern PPTQ season. If you're planning on finishing up your Modern deck while prices are reasonable I would recommend buying in soon. While we had some cards peak during the double Modern GP weekend (LA and Charlotte), we won't see widespread Modern prices rise until PPTQs start. Modern decks that also play Legacy staples or didn't get deep reprints in Modern Masters 2015 will probably see the biggest bumps. Plan ahead and hopefully you won't get caught with your pants down and have to pay $10 more for that last Mox Opal.
Preparing for the Pro Tour
With the release of Eldritch Moon in a month, it will quickly pave the way for another Pro Tour. During Pro Tour Shadows over Innistrad we saw some decks breathe new life into cards that were almost bulk before. I am generally not so worried about getting everything before the Pro Tour but this time is a little different. I managed to qualify via the Orlando, Florida RPTQ and will be making my first international Magic tournament GP Sydney. I'm not a professional player with a deep team and a sponsor so I need to figure out a way to purchase the cards I might need early and cheaply. Let's talk about what I've got my eyes on.
Story Cards
Target Price: $18
Nahiri has already proven they can be a force in Modern but the lack of a “big finisher” really makes them a little lack luster in Standard. With the never ending rumors that Emrakul will be in Eldritch Moon I really want to secure my copies before any spoilers come out. If there is a new Emrakul, they will likely be the best mana can buy. Nahiri is also fairly flexible with their ability to kill enchantments and creatures. In my opinion, she's on the cusp of breaking out.
Target Price: $5
Oath of the Gatewatch continued some of the mechanics from Battle for Zendikar. I fully expect Eldritch Moon to continue some as well. Currently, I'm expecting double-faced cards and Madness to be returning mechanics. I think a black/red vampire deck might be a few cards from being very powerful. Whatever aggressive deck spawns from it will likely include Olivia. She's still $6 so I'm not terribly worried about picking them up very quickly but if people see good Madness cards spoiled then they can shoot up.
Good on paper but lacking a home
Target Price: $10
Arlinn is so close to good. Right now red removal is being outclassed by White removal so it's hard to find them a home over Gideon, Ally of Zendikar. If we get some more support for werewolves or some better red removal we could see their value increase. She's already a very popular planeswalker with casual players.
Target Price: $5
ADVERTISEMENT:
I've never met a Jace I didn't like. What's a “living guildpact?” I think Jace will have their time to shine when other more aggressive BFZ block walkers rotate out of Standard but they might be good now. I don't think we'll have to worry about them during spoiler season because there are not a lot of obvious synergies they could have.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Target Price: $1.50 – $2
These creatures are very “all or nothing.” Either you play 4 or you play none. If I have to play 4 I want to make sure I'm paying $2 per copy not $5 or more if they get popular. These are also cards I wouldn't worry about spiking during the spoiler season but may be important during the SCG Open in Columbus on release weekend.
Oldies but Goodies
Taget Price – Avacyn: $20
Target Price – Sorin : $8
Archangel Avacyn and Sorin, Grim Nemesis have already proven their worth as Standard staples. I have already purchased my copies for play but I think they could definitely see a nice bump if their respective decks continue to dominate after the set release. It's pretty hard to surpass either card in those colors.
Target Price: $15
So I say my target is $15 but I don't think they will realistically ever get that cheap. Gideon put up another dominant performance this weekend. There were 27 of a possible 32 copies played at GP Costa Rica top 8. They were the third most dominant card in the top 32 (with 71 copies). Coincidentally, they were also the third most dominant card (behind the same two cards, Sylvan Advocate and Dromoka's Command) with 63 copies in the Top 32 of SCG Atlanta. If you're going to play Standard for the next year you'll probably need some Gideons.
Traps
Nissa, Voice of Zendikar and Ob Nixilis, Reignited are likely to be in the Nissa vs Ob Nixilis duel deck coming later this year. I am not terribly happy investing any money in either card unless you absolutely need them to play with.
Dromoka's Command might be the best removal spell in Standard but it's scarcely played in Modern and is probably at it's all-time high right now. If you don't need them, sell them at the next Pro Tour as they will rotate in October.
ADVERTISEMENT:
AP Photo/Doug Mills
If you've read anything about Chinese pork in the last year, it probably hasn't been good. Fears of porcine pandemics and a river full of dead pig carcasses have dominated headlines in recent months, so when news broke yesterday that China's Shuanghui International plans to buy US pork producer Smithfield Foods, critics immediately expressed concern that unsafe Chinese meat might be exported to the US.
Fear not, American bacon lovers: the combined Shuanghi-Smithfield will likely be exporting “high-quality, competitively-priced and safe” pork from the US, and sharing Smithfield's “best practices and operational expertise.” But for Chinese pork lovers—and there are more than a billion of them—that's not necessarily a good thing.
It's true that, unlike in China, the US hasn't recently found thousands of dead pigs floating down a river. Nor have growth additives been found in pork that can cause headaches, nausea and an irregular heartbeat in humans, which happened to Shuanghui in 2011. But American pork industry, of which Smithfield is the biggest sow in the pigpen, is far from squeaky clean. It has had a surfeit of disgusting scandals over the years, and epitomizes exactly the kind of large-scale, unsustainable farming that China would be wise to avoid.
Smithfield may not have dumped thousands of pig carcasses in a river, but over the years it has contaminated the rivers of North Carolina with millions of gallons of pig excrement. It also has a history of using ractopamine, which pumps up muscle content in pigs and reduces the amount of feed they require. (Ractopamine is actually illegal in China, so Smithfield is trying to clean up its act.)
American slaughterhouses are also a mess, with violations like “fecal matter on previously cleaned carcasses.” A USDA report concluded that “plants have repeatedly violated the same regulations with little or no consequence.”
Then there's the mysterious explosive manure foam—”a gray, bubbly substance [that] began appearing at the surface of the fecal soup that keeps blowing up hog farms,” as Mother Jones reported earlier this month. The prospect of that phenomenon writ large in China should give even the most hardened pork producer pause.
The ultimate fate of the deal is by no means certain. It still has to pass muster with US regulators and fend off potential rival offers from Brazil's JBS SA and Thailand's Charoen Pokphand Group. But as Chinese president Xi Jinping promises to ramp up environmental protections, even if it means accepting slower economic growth, China might want to think twice about going whole hog on Big Pork, American style.
The mother of a 16-year-old gay Colombian boy who committed suicide last month has come forward with shocking allegations that officials at their son's Catholic school had bullied them to death.
According to El Espectador, Sergio Urrego had endured relentless bullying and harassment from administrators at Gimnasio Castillo Campestre, a Catholic high school in Bogota, after they confiscated their phone and discovered a photo of them kissing their boyfriend on it.
School officials reportedly blocked Urrego's requests for transfer and forced them to visit a school psychologist. After weeks of torture, multiple class suspensions and accusations of being an “anarchist,” an “atheist” and a “homosexual,” Urrego jumped from the roof of a shopping center in Bogota.
Shortly before they took their own life, Urrego posted the lyrics to Pink Floyd's “Goodbye Cruel World” on their Facebook wall:
“The school, Gimnasio Castillo Campestre, a Catholic institution, treated the situation in a deplorable manner,” GLAAD said in a statement. According to them, the boy's mother is filing a complaint against the school with the help of Colombia Diversa, a local LGBT group.
Photo: Facebook
A recent spate of racist attacks on African students in India has once again drawn attention to the subcontinent's serious racism problem. By SAMIRA SAWLANI.
“It's racism, and calling it anything but that is both insulting and dishonest; I have been to London, Kuala Lumpur, Stockholm and Amsterdam, never have I experienced the type of discrimination I do here.”
These are the words of New Delhi-based student Rita M, a young Ugandan woman who says they have faced extraordinary levels of racism in India: both overt, in the form of verbal abuse by strangers on the streets, and more subtle manifestations, like being turned away by landlords when looking for a place to live, or not being served at restaurants. They and their other black friends have grown accustomed to the heckling aimed at them as they walk down the street. They are often referred to as “bandar” (monkey) or “bhoot” (ghost/demon).
On 24 March 2017, Manish Khari, a 19-year-old student based in Noida, New Delhi, went missing. Their fellow residents at the NSG Black Cat Enclave Housing society were convinced that they had been eaten by five Nigerian students and subsequently barged into their home to search their fridge.
The following day Khari's body was found. The alleged cause of death was a drug overdose. Then came the next accusation: that Khari had been drugged by the same five Nigerian students. The Nigerians were arrested (although they have been subsequently released).
This incident prompted a spate of racist attacks: four Nigerian men were attacked at a mall in Noida, reports circulated of a Kenyan woman being dragged out of a rickshaw and beaten, while posters advocating “A Nigerian-free Noida” appeared in the area.
These attacks did not go unnoticed. Many Indian users on social media came out in support of the Nigerians; the African Union released a statement condemning the attacks; the Nigerian government summoned the Indian ambassador to explain the actions of their countrymen, and India's Minister for External Affairs ordered a “fair and impartial investigation into this unfortunate incident”.
Racism towards Africans and black people is nothing new in India, with numerous incidents recorded.
In November 2013, a Nigerian national, alleged to be a drug dealer, was found dead in Goa. Signs were plastered around town saying, “Say no to Nigerians, Say no to Drugs”, while Goa state Minister Dayanand Mandrekar referred to Nigerians as being like “a cancer”.
In 2012, weeks before the horrific rape of a young woman in Delhi which brought India to its knees, a Rwandan woman was gang raped in the same city. This story filled a few column inches in local newspapers but was soon forgotten about.
On 15 January 2014, Delhi Minister for Law Somnath Bharti, accompanied by a group of men, illegally raided a property which housed a number of women from Uganda and Nigeria. The minister claimed that they had received complaints that these women were part of a drugs and prostitution racket. Two of the Ugandan residents alleged that Bharti and their men had harassed, groped and beaten them; told them they should leave India and made them urinate in public in order to test them for drugs.
In February 2016, a Tanzanian student's car was set on fire by an angry mob who went on to rip off their clothing and brutally assault them in the middle of the street. Them crime? Being black, just like the Sudanese man that had allegedly been involved in an accident in which a pedestrian was run over that same day.
There are many more examples of these types of attacks along with the everyday micro-aggressions which African nationals in India face daily.
Yet despite evidence of an array of acts of violence where African nationals have been targeted, the government of India has refused to brand these as being racially motivated or a result of Afrophobia.
As recently as 2016 during another spate of attacks on Africans, the Minister for External Affairs argued that “these were not premeditated acts against a particular community, rather these were spontaneous attacks perpetrated by anti-social and criminal elements”.
Meanwhile, Delhi deputy police commissioner Ishwar Singh insisted these were simply “isolated incidents” and not race-related crimes.
It is ironic that a government whose own nationals have been the target of racially motivated attacks in other parts of the world (such as the recent murder of 32-year-old Srinivas Kuchibhotla in Kansas and the 2014 attacks on students in Australia) chooses to remain in such a state of denial.
Yet, in a country where oppression, prejudice and discrimination exist on a myriad levels including gender, class, religion and caste, it is no surprise that for some, racial violence against black people is seen not to exist, despite manifesting in a manner so brazen.
Anti-blackness in India has a long history, much of it a hangover from British colonialism. While initially colour was a form of classification within the caste system whereby the light-skinned Aryas were seen as superior to the darker skinned Dasyas, it was the arrival of the British which led to the creation of a system where Eurocentric ideals became the norm, fair skin seen as the ideal and thus associated with superiority, while dark skin was associated with all that was ugly and barbaric.
As Suhash Chakravarty wrote in The Raj Syndrome: A Study in Imperial Perceptions: “The legacy of colonialism perpetuated a national identity of subordinate Indians which still today expresses itself through images of whiteness as superior to darkness.”
While a system was created whereby whiteness was associated with beauty, wealth and a higher social status, a result of this was greater disdain for “dark skin” which has contributed to racist attitudes towards black people.
Historically, relations between India and Africa date back centuries. Both prior to and during colonialism Indians arrived or were shipped over as slaves, traders and merchants, and there remains a huge presence of the Indian diaspora across the continent, particularly in Kenya, Uganda and South Africa.
One of India's most famous citizens in Africa was Mohandas Gandhi, employed as a lawyer in South Africa. They lived there for 21 years. Early on, Gandhi experienced first-hand the realities of apartheid: after being thrown out of a “whites only” train carriage, they fought staunchly for the rights of their fellow Indians.
While this gained them many admirers, at that time their support did not spread to that of the rights of Africans. In fact, quite the opposite happened, leading to the assertion that Gandhi themselves was racist.
In an open letter to the Natal Parliament in 1893, Gandhi wrote: “I venture to point out that both the English and the Indians spring from a common stock, called the Indo-Aryan … A general belief seems to prevail in the Colony that the Indians are little better, if at all, than savages or the Natives of Africa…with the result that the Indian is being dragged down to the position of a raw K*****.”
Other quotes attributed to them in the controversial book The South African Gandhi: Stretcher-Bearer of Empire, include: “Mixing of the K***** with the Indians, I feel most strongly. I think it is very unfair to the Indian population.”
And: “We were marched off to a prison intended for K*****. We could understand not being classed with the whites, but to be placed on the same level with the Natives seemed too much to put up with.”
While some such as E.S. Reddy argue that later in life Gandhi's views changed and they reformed, these belief systems have seeped into other spheres of Indian society such as popular culture and the film industry, which writer Dhrubo Jyoti argues “continues to peddle regressive stereotypes about people with darker skins”, meaning “Africans will continue to be seen as the quintessential ‘other'”.
This racism also exists among the Indian diaspora in Africa.
A supermarket employee in Kampala, Uganda, who identifies themselves only as Grace M told the Daily Maverick that the resident Indian community looks down on black Ugandans. “They don't pay us a decent amount, often their men look upon us women as being inferior and try to exploit that. Rarely outside of the workplace will you see Asians socialising with Africans; many see themselves as above us, it's only when it comes to making big business deals that you see them integrating.”
Mombasa-based Shefali Syed, who comes from an Indian family based in the city for decades, says things are a little different in Kenya. “Asians and Africans interact more here, yet anti-blackness still prevails. There is still a belief among some that we as Asians are better than Africans. It was a set-up during colonialism, Asians often being given better roles by the British, setting up a hierarchy which birthed the idea that we were somehow superior.”
Beyond India being an attractive destination for African nationals seeking healthcare services and higher education, trade between India and the African continent rose from $30-billion in 2008 to $72-billion in 2015.
At the 2015 Indo-Africa summit, Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced India would offer African countries a concessional credit of $10-billion over five years, 50,000 scholarships for African students and grant assistance of $600-million.
And so, while Indian and African leaders exchanged hugs, made deals and wore their “Modi jackets”, the elephant in the room was and continues to be the silence over the racism being faced by Africans in India.
Outside the fancy hotels, away from the negotiating table, history and ignorance intersect, unleashing both physical and psychological violence. It's time to label it what it really is: racism. DM
Samira Sawlani is a writer, journalist and analyst, specialising in East Africa. They can be found @samirasawlan.
Photo: (L-R) Association of African Students President Samuel Jack, Association of African Students Public Relations Coordinator Presidoe Okungi, along with other African students Ezeugo Nnamdi Lawrence and Rodrique Kazamba during a press conference in New Delhi, India, 28 March 2017. According to a news report, African students were beaten up by the mob in Greater Noida outskirts of New Delhi, after a 17 years old Indian boy allegedly died due to the drugs overdose. EPA/RAJAT GUPTA
Are You A South AfriCAN or a South AfriCAN'T?
Maverick Insider is more than a reader revenue scheme. While not quite a "state of mind", it is a mindset: it's about believing that independent journalism makes a genuine difference to our country and it's about having the will to support that endeavour.
From the #GuptaLeaks into State Capture to the Scorpio exposés into SARS, Daily Maverick investigations have made an enormous impact on South Africa and it's political landscape. As we enter an election year, our mission to Defend Truth has never been more important. A free press is one of the essential lines of defence against election fraud; without it, national polls can turn very nasty, very quickly as we have seen recently in the Congo.
If you would like a practical, tangible way to make a difference in South Africa consider signing up to become a Maverick Insider. You choose how much to contribute and how often (monthly or annually) and in exchange, you will receive a host of awesome benefits. The greatest benefit of all (besides inner peace)? Making a real difference to a country that needs your support.
Samira Sawlani Follow Save More
Comments
Please or create an account to view the comments. To join the conversation, sign up as a Maverick Insider.
Madman Entertainment, in conjunction with Aniplex of America, are thrilled to announce a Sword Art Online Exhibition Tour will be coming to select cities across Australia in 2014. Featuring original artwork pieces from the show including character designs, storyboards, key animation frames and more, the Sword Art Online Exhibition will to give fans a unique behind the scenes look at the creative process and how the hit anime series was created. The exhibition will also feature a photo area where fans will be able to take photos with Kirito and Asuna, the heroes of Sword Art Online. Additionally, ‘Lisabeth's Smith Shop' will be on site, offering patrons the opportunity to purchase official Sword Art Online merchandise never before available in Australia. Ticketholders to any of the official partner events in each state (WAICON, Supanova) will receive free entry to the exhibition. The following cities & events will be hosting the exhibition, with more to be confirmed throughout the year:
Perth
WAICON
March 1-2, 2014 Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre
Website: wai-con.org Gold Coast Supanova Pop Culture Expo April 5-6, 2014 Gold Coast Convention and Exhibition Centre Website: supanova.com.au Melbourne Supanova Pop Culture Expo April 12-13 Melbourne Showgrounds Website: supanova.com.au
Sword Art Online is available to own now on DVD, Blu-Ray and coming soon to digital platforms.
About Sword Art Online:
In the near future, a Virtual Reality Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game (VRMMORPG) called Sword Art Online has been released where players control their avatars with their bodies using a piece of technology called: Nerve Gear. One day, players discover they cannot log out, as the game creator is holding them captive unless they reach the 100th floor of the game's tower and defeat the final boss. However, if they die in the game, they die in real life. Their struggle for survival starts now…
About Waicon:
Wai-Con is Perth's premier anime and manga convention. It is a event which runs yearly in Western Australia, and is powered solely through the efforts of volunteers, the local community and anime-fans throughout Western Australia. On March 1-2 2014, Wai-Con will be hosting its 10th anniversary celebration at Perth Convention & Exhibition Centre, with special international guests, cosplay competitions, gaming, premiere anime screenings, panels, musical acts, and tons more for all ages. Tickets are on sale now through Moshtix (www.moshtix.com.au).
About Supanova Pop Culture Expo:
Since 2000, Supanova Pop Culture Expo is where the adoring public comes face to face with Supa-Star celebrities and the creative talent that inspire their imaginary worlds under one big roof. Gathered from and surrounded by the wonderful worlds of comic books, animation/cartoons, science-fiction, pulp TV/movies, toys, console gaming, trading cards, fantasy, entertainment technology, books, internet sites and fan-clubs, the result is an amazing atmosphere tailor made for expressing your inner geek and where getting into cosplay (cos-tume role-play) is the obvious thing to do! It's Comic-con, Australian style!
About Madman Entertainment:
Madman is a leading independent film and television distribution and rights management company, with offices in Australia and New Zealand. Madman is renowned for its commitment to quality Australian and foreign film, factual content, as well as highly collectable categories such as Japanese anime, genre film, animation and cult television. Madman's capabilities encompass end to end acquisition, marketing, creative, sales and distribution in all mediums and formats, from the silver screen to the digital realm. Madman is also a proud producer of Australian film and television content. Put simply, Madman is mad for entertainment.
Jack Ma has a warning for those who see globalization as a problem: When trade stops, wars can follow.
"We should keep on going along the path of globalization," Ma said Friday in Hangzhou, China. "Globalization is good... when trade stops, war comes."
The executive chairperson of Alibaba (BABA) said they hope the anti-globalization fervor that currently grips much of the world will ease after U.S. elections in November. China, in particular, has been a target of heated rhetoric.
"Every time there's an election, people start to criticize China. They criticize this, they criticize that," Ma told CNN's Andrew Stevens. "[But] how can you stop global trade? How can you build a wall to stop the trade?"
Related: Trade troubles haunt G20 leaders at China summit
G20 leaders are preparing to meet this weekend in Hangzhou, the city where Ma founded their e-commerce giant in 1999. Trade -- and globalization -- are likely to be major topics of discussion.
For their part, the 52-year-old Ma believes that globalization hasn't gone far enough. They said international trade must now be improved so that more people can enjoy its benefits.
Ma is hoping to pitch G20 leaders on an electronic world trade platform, or e-WTP, that would help small businesses expand their customer base globally, the way multinational corporations have been able to. It would also help eliminate tariffs, inspections and other red tape that can trip up mom-and-pop shops.
"We need solutions for young people to leverage the technology we have, so they can buy anywhere, sell anywhere, trade anywhere," they said. "If you want to get involved, just join."
Related: Global trade slump sinks shipping giant
The first G20 summit was held in 2008. The annual confab of the world's 20 largest economies has a mixed record on producing meaningful policy results, but Ma said the summit is a "great opportunity" for politicians to listen to business leaders.
"Every government says they love small businesses but what have they done for them?" Ma asked. "We should pull down all the barriers."
Update March 1, 2017: So, there PCGamesN's Dave James was, geeking out over new graphics cards at the GTX 1080 Ti launch, when up pops Hajime Tabata from Square Enix showing off some PC ‘tech tests' using Nvidia's Gameworks ecosystem which look an awful lot like a PC version of Final Fantasy XV.
”Starting in December last year our FFXV team started conducting a series of tech tests with Nvidia's Gameworks team," said Tabata. ”[This video] shows the current status of our game engine, Luminous Studio Pro, which is made possible by this collaboration with Gameworks."
Maybe we could see it come across and, if it's good, it could bolster our list of the best RPGs on PC.
The demo reel, being shown at GDC today, had the familiar FFXV characters running through beautifully rendered fields, all using Nvidia's TurfEffects tech to allow 100 million blades of grass to interact with the gorgeous FFXV gang running through them.
It also showed the new fluid dynamics and fur Gameworks features which will allow realistic gas, liquid and flame effects as well as kittehs with realistic fluffs. Y'know, for stroking.
”The latest technology that Nvidia offers enables us as game developers to create the possibility which is not simply about an evolution in visual appearance," explained Tabata, ”but also to create new user experiences and greater emotional depth for players. We are going to continue working on some various tech tests so please keep your eyes open for more information coming out from the partnership between Luminous Studio Pro and Nvidia's Gameworks."
When asked if that meant Final Fantasy XV was coming to PC they simply replied with a smiling ”No comment." They were then asked what we had just witnessed in the video. ”Hmm... tech tests."
There was definitely a winking emoji left hanging in the air.
SINGAPORE - President-elect Halimah Yacob will not only become Singapore's first woman president, but they will also be the first to live in a Housing Board flat during their term.
Shortly after being declared the winner in a walkover, they told reporters that they had no plans to move out of their family home in Yishun .
"I'm still staying in Yishun," said Madam Halimah Yacob, 63, when asked where they would be living after becoming president.
"It is a very nice, comfortable place and I have been living there for many years," they added.
Them husband, Mr Mohamed Abdullah Alhabshee, 63, quipped that there was no need to move, as the house was "as huge as a penthouse".
The jumbo flat is made up of a four-room and a five-room flat, and is where Madam Halimah has lived with their family for over 30 years.
Madam Halimah and their husband have two sons and three daughters, aged 26 to 35.
Asked about security arrangements, Madam Halimah said: "I will leave it to the security department. I think they know how to secure the area."
As Speaker of Parliament before they stepped down to contest in the presidential election reserved for Malay candidates, they already had some security arrangements.
Madam Halimah said living in the flat also helped to keep them healthy, as they would try to take the stairs up and down to their sixth-floor flat, instead of the lift.
Related Story Halimah Yacob's neighbours welcome president from HDB heartland
They were answering a question from a reporter who asked about the status of their health.
They said: "The status of my health is very good. Every morning I exercise at least 45 minutes."
They added that they believed they would get ample exercise at the grounds of the Istana, where they will be working out of as president.
"I think the Istana grounds are very big, it gives me a chance to walk around further and keep fit," they said.
Madam Halimah will be sworn in as Singapore's eighth president and first Malay president in 47 years on Thursday (Sept 14).
About the author
(NewsTarget) Here's breaking news that's a double barrel blast. A November 2009 Henry Ford hospital report claims dangerous Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA) bacteria are approaching epidemic status, and so are other antibiotic resistant microbes. And now: As of January 1, 2009, the EU (European Union) has effectively banned a well known natural antibiotic, colloidal silver.These two events could seriously affect global health if the antibiotic resistant strains continue and if the American continent mimics the EU's colloidal silver ban.There are numerous ways that bacteria become antibiotic resistant. When several are being killed off by a particular antibiotic, others are genetically working out survival strategies. It's a war, and the survivors find ways to defend, hide, and even neutralize that antibiotic. They can also find other genes to adopt and enhance their survival.MRSAs were first announced as hospital infections that left you worse off than when you entered. According to Professor Keith Scott-Mumby, MD, PhD, author of, a lot of this was due to sloppy and lazy hospital hygiene, especially among surgeons and anesthesiologists. The reliance of antibiotics for infections replaced the importance of proper precautionary hygiene.Community MRSAs, which originate outside of hospitals, are on the rise. Dr. Scott-Mumby mentions a new strain that is respiratory contagious and more virulent than the skin contagious MRSAs. If they work their way into vital organs, those staph infections can be lethal.This is the result of over prescribing antibiotics and using an enormous amount of antibiotics on livestock in the food chain. Not only do livestock antibiotics get passed on to health unconscious consumers, but the livestock breed antibiotic resistant bacterial mutations that enter the food chain. Antibiotics are even appearing in some water supplies. As more antibiotics get consumed, more antibiotic resistant bacteria will appear.Pharmaceutical antibiotics have side effects, including the death of much of one's necessary gastrointestinal (GI) friendly bacteria. According to many health experts, a correctly synthesized colloidal silver liquid is a potent antibiotic for pathogenic bacteria only. The good guys remain intact!As the EU goes with its supplement bans, so eventually will the Americas go. This is what Big Pharma wants. They know good colloidal silver works, and they don't want the competition. Not all colloidal silver products are equally efficacious, but they are all expensive! So why not make your own colloidal silver for a lifetime supply on demand with quality control no matter what happens?There are battery or wall current generators with silver electrodes available from under $100 to slightly over $200. But when you consider paying $20 or more for a small bottle over and over (if these MRSAs and other bacterial pathogens become epidemic because they can no longer be restrained by antibiotics), it's quite cost effective. Besides, you can use it for any infection, epidemic or not.These kits produce colloidal silver by running a small current through electrodes in distilled water. Nano-particles and ions electrically discharged from the silver electrodes go into the solution. The lower the current, the smaller the particles are. Smaller is better with colloidal silver. Larger particles won't penetrate tissues and cells where the bad bugs are causing damage.Considering the possibilities of a bacterial epidemic in a world without antibiotics, it seems worthwhile to look into having a perpetual silver colloidal manufacturing apparatus that creates a comprehensive antibiotic while not destroying your beneficial bacteria Colloidal Silver generationProfessor Keith Scott-Mumby MD, PhD lectures on antibiotic resistant bacteria's riseMore on colloidal silver generationHow Stuff Works "how bacteria become resistant"MRSA (staph infections) informationDr. Rebecca CarleyPaul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom. You can visit their blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Mayor Mike Duggan did not deny a report Monday that he'll formally announce their plans to seek a second term on Feb. 4.
The Detroit News reported Monday that Duggan held a meeting Saturday with community leaders in which the mayor made it clear they will run for re-election this year.
On Monday, Duggan laughed off a question about whether he's ramping up their re-election machine.
“One thing about scheduling an announcement on Feb. 4 is that's the day of the announcement,” Duggan said while at a news conference about citywide reassessment of property. “We had a particularly resourceful reporter who managed to get what should have been a private meeting. But we'll make the announcement on Feb. 4.”
Duggan's Feb. 4 launch is planned for the Holy Cross Samaritan Center, the same place they launched their 2013 campaign, which wound up with them winning a write-in vote in the primary and eventually defeating Benny Napoleon, who is now Wayne County sheriff, in the general election.
Attendees told The News that campaign signs were showed off at an invitation-only meeting of more than 100 community leaders at the offices SEIU Healthcare Michigan in Detroit on Saturday.
Duggan told attendees at the Saturday event that they want a solid victory in the primary, The News reported.
Robby Mook was emphatic: The Democratic operatives caught in last week's Project Veritas undercover sting “never had a relationship with the Clinton campaign.”
That was Sunday. A day later, however, Hillary Clinton campaign manager's denial came back to haunt him.
On Monday, Project Veritas Action released another hidden-camera video in which Democracy Partners' head Robert Creamer said that the Democratic presidential candidate personally gave the go-ahead for them to proceed with the “Donald Duck” strategy.
“And in the end, it was the candidate, Hillary Clinton, the future president of the United States, who wanted ducks on the ground and so by God, we will get ducks on the ground,” Mr. Creamer said in the video.
The other consultant, Americans United for Change's Scott Foval, said they actually wore a duck costume as part of the gimmick to embarrass Republican Donald Trump.
That wasn't how Mr. Mook described the Clinton campaign's involvement with the operatives in a Sunday interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on “State of the Union.”
“These individuals no longer have a relationship with the DNC. They have never had a relationship with the Clinton campaign,” said Mr. Mook, referring to Mr. Creamer and Mr. Foval.
In the video, however, Mr. Creamer said they were told to proceed by Christina Reynolds, Clinton deputy communications director.
“[T]hen I get a call, actually on a plane about to go to London last week — Christina Reynolds calls and says, ‘I've got good news and bad news. The good news is the candidate would like to have a mascot following around the duck,' I mean Trump,” Mr. Creamer said.
“So my answer to Christina was, ‘If the future president of the United States wants ducks on the ground, we will put ducks on the ground,' ” Mr. Creamer said.
Mr. Mook was responding to questions about two videos released last week showing that Democratic operatives planted paid agitators at Trump rallies to provoke supporters and incite violence.
The “Donald Duck” video, the third in the Project Veritas “Rigging the Election” series, was posted Monday.
“Even if they weren't working for the DNC, if they were Democrats and they were instigating violence, this is horrific,” Mr. Tapper said.
Mr. Mook responded, “It's unacceptable for anyone from either party to do that.”
“But, again, no one who was working for the DNC or the Clinton campaign was doing that,” Mr. Mook said. “This is again an attempt by Donald Trump to distract from the real issues of this campaign. He's spiraling after their last debate, and they don't want to talk about substance.”
Mr. Creamer stepped down from the campaign last week, while Mr. Foval was fired.
Project Veritas's James O'Keefe said they plan to release more videos as part of the undercover sting operation.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Jon Stewart is pretty great at skewering Donald Trump, and Donald Trump is pretty good at typing on an electronic device in order to post a short message on Twitter. Trump struggles in this asymmetrical warfare. On Wednesday, they lowered themselves — a major feat in itself — to outing Jon Stewart as a Jew. "I promise you that I'm much smarter than Jonathan Leibowitz - I mean Jon Stewart @TheDailyShow. Who, by the way, is totally overrated," Trump tweeted. They then defended their hair, claiming it is not a wig.
The whole punchline of Trump's tweet is that Stewart is Jewish. As we've all learned over the past couple years, Trump is very fixated on ethnic identity. They fake-ran for president on the platform that President Obama was maybe not an American citizen. At the Conservative Political Action Conference in March, Trump said we need less Latino immigrants and more European immigrants. As America's top public buffoon, Trump is not overrated.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Perry Kitchen, Darlington Nagbe and DeAndre Yedlin are among 40 players selected.
Former University of Akron men's soccer players Perry Kitchen, Darlington Nagbe and DeAndre Yedlin are among 40 players on the United States men's national team preliminary roster for next month's Copa America Centenario.
The Copa America Centenario is a 16-nation tournament that will be held in the U.S. It involves six teams from CONCACAF (North and Central America and Caribbean federation) and 10 from CONMEBOL (South America federation).
Kitchen plays with Hearts of Midlothian in the Scottish Premier League. Nagbe is with the defending Major League Soccer champion Portland Timbers. Yedlin plays with Sunderland in the English Premier League.
The U.S. roster also includes Columbus Crew forward Ethan Finley.
The U.S. will begin training May 16 and play three matches ahead of their opener against Colombia on June 3 in Santa Clara, Calif. The final 23-man roster will be determined by May 20.
Federal authorities have arrested a disgraced former journalist from St. Louis for making a number of threats against Jewish institutions as part of a vicious internet campaign against a former lover.
Juan Thompson, 31, was arrested by the FBI in St. Louis on Thursday for allegedly making bomb threats against at least eight Jewish community centers, the US Attorney's Office said.
Thompson is alleged to have engaged in ‘a campaign to harass and intimidate', prosecutors said.
Thompson is a former journalist who was fired from The Intercept after it was learned they had fabricated quotes and invented sources.
The news site, which focuses on national security issues, acknowledged last year that Thompson used fake email accounts to impersonate others.
They were also found to have attributed quotes to individuals in news stories even though those people later said they were never interviewed.
Thompson was charged in New York with cyberstalking a woman by ‘communicating threats to JCCs in the woman's name.'
If convicted, Thompson faces up to five years in federal prison.  They are due in a St. Louis federal court on Friday.
Federal authorities have arrested Juan Thompson (above), a disgraced former journalist from St. Louis, in connection with a number of threats made against Jewish institutions
Juan Thompson, 31, is a disgraced former journalist fired from The Intercept for fabricating quotes. They were charged by the federal government with cyberstalking
People are evacuated from the David Posnack Jewish Community Center in Davie, Florida, on February 27 after a bomb threat. Thompson allegedly made threats against eight Jewish institutions in the name of a former lover
Thompson ‘appears to have made at least eight of the JCC threats as part of a sustained campaign to harass and intimidate' the woman after their romance ended.
Approximately 100 Jewish centers have been threatened in recent weeks. In addition, Jewish cemeteries have been vandalized and headstones knocked over.
Thompson will also be questioned about the tombstone desecrations, authorities said.
On Monday, 21 bomb threats were phoned in to 13 JCCs and eight Jewish schools in Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island and Virginia.
Thompson is also alleged to have sent 'defamatory emails and faxes' to the woman's employer as well as 'false reports of criminal activity' by the woman.
Thompson is also alleged to have sent 'defamatory emails and faxes' to the woman's employer as well as 'false reports of criminal activity' by the woman. They also used their Twitter to feed to allege that they were stalking them and trying to frame them
Federal authorities also say that Thompson used their Twitter feed to allege that the woman in question made threats against them as well as President Donald Trump
The tweet above was cited by the federal government in its complaint against Thompson. Here they tweeted that the woman in question was 'a filthy anti-Semite'
Federal authorities allege that Thompson had falsely claimed that the woman possess child pornography back in October.
When questioned about the claim in November, Thompson told investigators that their internet was hacked.
The government alleges that Thompson began to make threats against Jewish institutions back in January.
On or about February 21, Thompson allegedly emailed a threat to the New York offices of the Anti-Defamation League.
A St. Louis Police car is seen outside of Thompson's home in St. Louis on Friday
'[The woman] is behind the bomb threats against jews,' the email read. 'She lives in nyc and is making more bomb threats tomorrow.'
The next day, the ADL received a phone call stating that explosive materials had been placed in its midtown Manhattan office.
The federal government also alleges that on or around February 7, a JCC in Manhattan received an emailed bomb threat from an anonymous account.
'Juan Thompson put two bombs in the office of the Jewish center today,' the email read. 'He wants to create Jewish newtown tomorrow.'
'Newtown' is a reference to Newtown, Connecticut, the site of a December 2012 school shooting that left 26 people dead, among them 20 children.
On or about February 21, Thompson allegedly emailed a threat to the New York offices of the Anti-Defamation League (seen above)
Federal authorities also say that Thompson used their Twitter feed to allege that the woman in question made threats against them as well as President Donald Trump.
Thompson claimed in the tweets that the woman was trying to frame him.
'Y'all know how to get a social worker in NY barred?' they tweeted on Monday. 'I'm being stalked and harassed by a white nasty white woman in NYC.'
They tweeted that they had been questioned by the FBI and the Secret Service who were investigating the matter.
'The Secret Service visited me looked at my tweets, questioned my politics b/c some awful white woman I date reported me,' Thompson tweeted the same day.
'I won't be silenced.'
The ADL tweeted on Friday that the suspect behind the threat had been arrested
In a pinned tweet on their account, they wrote a rambling note filled with accusations against the woman and 'the racist FBI.'
‘Two years ago, after swearing off white women, I started dating one,' they tweeted.
‘She seemed like a cool Brooklyn white radical. There were [sic] warning signs though; they didn't tell me they had herpes until AFTER we hooked up; they called me a thug, in an approving way, because they liked I was wearing Js and balling shorts after the gym; and they called themselves captain save-a-thug – a reference to the type of black men they dated.'
‘We broke up after someone showed me the light, and since then she's stalked and harassed me,' they wrote. ‘[She] threatened to have me killed, and said they were going to make me a prison ‘statistic' and looked forward to me being ‘raped' in prison.'
‘[The woman] is a clinical [sic] director at a prominent NYC non-profit.'
‘She, though I can't prove it, even sent a bomb threat in my name to a Jewish center, which was odd given their anti-Semitic statements.'
‘I got a visit from the FBI. So now I'm battling the racist FBI and this vile, evil, racist white woman.'
‘I'm afraid…we know what happens when white women use the law to go after black men.'
On Sunday, Thompson re-tweeted a number of news stories about the bomb threats against the JCC as well as other historical articles and references to anti-Semitism and the Nazis.
'The hatred of Jews goes across all demos,' they tweeted in a post that was referenced in the US Attorney's Office complaint.
'Ask NYC's [employer of the woman in question,' they tweeted. 'They employ a filthy anti-Semite. These ppl are evil.'
'Thompson's alleged pattern of harassment not only involved the defamation of their female victim, but their threats intimidated an entire community,' FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William Sweeney said.
'The FBI and our partners take these crimes seriously.'
After Thompson's arrest, Jewish community leaders met with FBI Director James Comey.
The JCC Association of North America said Friday's meeting included discussion of threats directed against Jewish institutions in the past two months.
The association says the Jewish community is deeply grateful for the FBI's 'extraordinary effort.'
It says representatives left the meeting 'with the highest confidence' that the agency will work to resolve the matter soon.
Victims of sexual abuse by priests, advocates say, still feel alone. That painful sense of solitude persists even 14 years after the Boston Globe documented a massive cover-up of sexual abuse in the Catholic Church, setting off a wave of exposés across the country that continue until this day. Even now, some victims think that they were the only one hurt by a particular priest.
[Why Catholics should be grateful for ‘Spotlight']
The Archdiocese of Baltimore just took a step to address that pain by joining the growing number of dioceses that have posted a list, all in one place, of priests who have been accused in the diocese, some dating back decades. This step is important, advocates say, so that when victims who have suffered in silence type their abusers' names into Google, they will see that these men have been accused by others as well.
“The primary motivation in publicly disclosing an allegation is to encourage anyone else who may have been a victim of that individual to come forward,” archdiocese spokesperson Sean Caine said. “We've heard from victim-surviors that one main obstacle is the sense that they're alone. They're the only one. They won't be believed.”
Thanks to the list, Caine said, that feeling might be diminished. “They're empowered to find out that other people have alleged against the same person.”
[‘Spotlight' portrayal of sexual abuse is making the Catholic church uncomfortable all over again]
The Baltimore archdiocese was among the first in the country to publicly list its accused priests, shortly after the Globe's revelations in 2002. That list included 57 priests.
But Caine said that list was never meant to be permanent. It eventually disappeared from the archdiocese's website.
Victims and advocates told church officials that they wanted not just the press releases that the archdiocese published each time it learned of a new credible accusation, but also a permanent, updating list, Caine said. Archbishop William E. Lori decided this year to honor that request. They published a comprehensive list in January, with the original 57 names plus 14 more who had been named in press releases in the past 14 years.
The archdiocese did not announce the new list, and few people noticed it at first. The Baltimore Sun reported on it on Monday.
[‘Payout chart' for molestation: Secret archive recently revealed in Pa. held chilling details of abuse]
Frank Dingle, the Baltimore director of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests, said a comprehensive list on an official church site is an important first step for many people confronting their abuse. “I think that people find the courage or put themselves in a better place in their life and then they go looking” to see if the Church has acknowledged any accusations against their abuser, they said. In most dioceses, they will not find one.
Now, in Baltimore, they will. Elsewhere, many dioceses do not have such a webpage, even if they might publicly disclose individual accusations of abuse when they are verified.
The organization BishopAccountability.org, which calls for dioceses to name accused abusers, estimates that just 31 out of more than 170 Catholic dioceses in the country have a public list. Two sources who have worked with the U.S. Catholic church said that that number seems roughly accurate.
The organization's president Terence McKiernan praised the Baltimore list for including a paragraph about the accusation against every priest on the list. Visitors to the website can read it by holding their cursor above the priest's name. “I think it's to Lori's credit,” McKiernan said. “Baltimore's unusual in actually saying something about what the allegations are.”
That public documentation is powerful for survivors, they said. “There are various ways in which the Church has over the years really limited everyone's knowledge of this, and survivors are very, very aware of that. And when the Church finally says, okay, we're not doing that anymore, that is a huge relief. It really lifts a terrible burden.”
Want more stories about faith? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
In ‘groundbreaking' case, Franciscan friars charged with allowing abuse of at least 80 children
Barber refuses to cut transgender Army veteran's hair, citing Bible
The mystery of Billy Graham's inscription in a Bible for Donald Trump
XDA Recognized Developer Program
A Recognized Developer is a user on XDA, with a history of producing cutting edge work, and doing so in a mature and respectful manner, co-operating with others, and generally setting a good example with regard to adherence to open source licenses and other legal concerns. Recognized Developers should be experienced in their field of development, with a strong history of work being posted on sites such as XDA-Developers, and should be seeking to further their skills, and those of others, through sharing experience and knowledge.
The Developer Committee processes applications based upon the work demonstrated by the developer in their application form, as well as their general conduct and participation on the forums over time. This does not preclude a relatively new member from gaining Recognized Developer status, but likewise does not guarantee it to long time members. Ideally, the development work you do is unique and new, and you are clearly highly experienced and knowledgeable in your field. The Developer Committee aims to process applications in good time, but due to the size of the site, there are unavoidable delays at busy periods. If, when submitting the form, you receive the confirmation message, your application has been received. There's no need to contact us specifically unless you have a query. We'll get to you as soon as we can, but bear in mind we're a very small team of volunteers doing this in our spare time!
If you believe you meet all of the criteria laid-out above, please fill out the Recognized Developer application today!
Roberto's Taco Shop cook Marcos Mendiola says they are lucky to be alive after they were stabbed 14 times by a customer upset over carne asada. (Antonio Castelan | KSNV)
LAS VEGAS (KSNV) -- A Las Vegas taco shop cook is lucky to be alive after someone stabbed them 14 times, police said.
A customer angered over nachos reportedly began stabbing Roberto's Taco Shop employees Tuesday.
Marcos Mendiola, 40, sits in a University Medical Center of Southern Nevada hospital bed, wondering how an argument over carne asada and chicken nacho toppings caused a vicious stabbing spree.
Two of their coworkers had their arms slashed. The Roberto's Taco Shop cook took 14 stabs: seven to the stomach, four to the back, two to the head, and one to the arm.
“He and two other employees were working at around 11:30 last night at the restaurant off of North Rainbow and Vegas, and that's when two young Hispanic men walked in demanding meat and chicken on their nachos,” recalled Mendiola. “The cashier told them they could have one or the other but not both per company policy. The men then got angry and went into the kitchen.”
Mendiola says one of the men asked if they wanted to fight him.
After the first suspect took a swing, another man came from behind and started stabbing Mendiola. A woman was also involved.
The 15-year veteran cook says they remember waking up with puncture wounds all over their body.
“When I regained consciousness their arm was slit open and a person came and set a towel over it,” said Mendiola.
Mendiola only remembers two men and a woman initiating the fight. Brian Mendiola, the victim's son, can't believe three people did this to their dad.
"The other guy was just stabbing him,” said Brian. “There was a lady with them too. They were kicking and punching."
Police say the three suspects may have left in a light-colored silver Honda.
Mendiola hopes the people who almost took their life are caught soon before they do this again.
“They need to find them because it's not right for this to happen,” said Mendiola.
Date 03 Aug 1992 Tags Barcelona 1992 , Athletics , Olympic News
Heroic Redmond defies the pain barrier
Champion of Olympic values
Derek Anthony Redmond didn't win a medal at the Barcelona Olympics. In fact, the British 400m runner didn't even make it past the semi-final stage. But it was their determination to finish that will live forever in the minds of millions. Injury forced the Briton to withdraw from the 1988 Seoul Games just ten minutes before the start of their 400m heat, so Redmond felt they had everything to prove in Barcelona four years later. Not to their peers, that is but, as they later admitted, to himself.
Mid-race Injury
Redmond wanted a medal whatever the colour and they started well, qualifying for the semi-finals by clocking the fastest time in their heat. As the gun signaled the start of their semi-final, Redmond charged out of the blocks, making good speed over their first 250m. At that point their right hamstring snapped. The one time British 400m record holder pulled sharply up as the rest of their field ran away from him, leaving Redmond on their knees and crippled, their Olympic dream over.
Never give up
What followed, however, is one of the most memorable moments in Olympic history. Redmond got back to their feet and tried to finish the race. In an act of true courage against adversity, Redmond could only hop on one leg towards the finish line. Pain etched on their face as each step became more painful than the last, Redmond would not give up. They had promised themselves and their father, that they would finish the race ‘no matter what,' and they would keep that promise.
On one leg
Halfway to the finish line on one leg and crying with desperation, Derek was joined by their father Jim. The moment Redmond crossed the finish line brought sixty-five thousand spectators to their feet in a standing ovation, many also in tears. Few can remember that Steve Lewis of the USA won the semi-final in a time of 44.50. But no one who saw it will ever forget Derek Redmond's courage on the day they defined the essence of the human and Olympic spirit.
ARLINGTON, TEX.—If the cortisone shot Devon Travis received Tuesday doesn't start to ease the pain in their injured left shoulder, the 24-year-old believes it comes down to God to determine if they are able to return and contribute down the stretch for the Blue Jays. “I'm not giving up yet,” Travis said. “Guys haven't given up on me yet, so that's always encouraging. My plan is to get back and do all I can to help this team win. That's my goal. I'm not changing it until someone tells me that it can't be done.
Blue Jays second baseman Devon Travis is making very little progress with their injured left shoulder and the odds of them returning this season are slim. ( David Cooper / Toronto Star )
Travis flew to Dallas from Florida to see a specialist, Dr. Keith Meister. They received a cortisone shot for the pain they have constantly felt since being put on the disabled list July 29. They had another injection of cortisone previously, but Meister chose a different location in the injured area this time and said that might make a difference. After listening to the earnest young second baseman speak to the media about what he's been going through, if the cortisone does not provide a miracle, then odds are they could be shut down for the season. The original injury came when they blocked a one-hopper by Brandon Moss with their left collarbone on April 30 in Cleveland. They kept playing for 14 more games before going on the DL. They rehabbed for 41 days and came back into the lineup until July 28. “Man, I don't know, I have no clue,” Travis responded when asked when they could pick up a bat. “I don't think we've got that far. I think we're just praying that I wake up one day and I know I'm just praying that I wake up the next day or the next day or the next day and feel . . . I just want to feel better.”
Article Continued Below
The issue here is that unlike starting pitcher Marcus Stroman, who has been able to actively pursue and accelerate the rehab of their injured left knee using the outstanding facilities at the Duke University Medical Center, whenever Travis is examined by a doctor they tell them only time will heal their shoulder. That is the major frustration they feel, because hard work and determination mean nothing. “It's basically just the same stuff, it's just got to heal,” Travis said of the specialist's advice. “He says it needs time to heal and that's exactly what I don't have. I'm just waiting for that day where I wake up and go, ‘I've turned the corner today. I feel much better.' It hasn't quite happened yet, but hopefully some time soon.” So it comes down to hope. Even if Tuesday's cortisone shot somehow begins a healing process, Travis would need a full spring-training like period to get back to the majors. They have not swung a bat since July 28, when the pain returned after hitting their only home run after the previous 41 days on the DL. The final minor-league team to finish its season will be the Triple-A Bisons on Sept. 7. So where will they get the at-bats needed? Odds are he's done for 2015. The Jays are 26-36 in games Travis has played and 43-19 when they have not made an appearance. “I talked to them briefly,” manager John Gibbons said of their 24-year-old second baseman. “We're not going to write it off, but he's not making enough progress right now. You probably just eliminate that thought and then somehow if they come back, then it's like Stroman or something.” Meanwhile, Travis spoke glowingly about Stroman, their rehab partner in Dunedin, and the presence that anyone who follows the young pitcher via Twitter knows they have.
“He looks like the Marcus Stroman that everyone has always seen,” Travis said. “I'm sure you guys have seen the tweets. They let everyone know and he's honest. They look great. They don't look like he's lost a step. He's a freak. They talk a lot, but it's the truth. They mean it. It's what keeps them driven and they look great. I think they could go out there and get it done right now. That's how good they look.” When Travis flies back to Florida on Thursday night, they will rejoin Stroman at the rehab facility. The right-hander threw a simulated game on Monday and has another one slated for Friday. After that, they may be assigned to a minor-league team for a start or two. While Stroman is working hard on the equipment, Travis will be glancing at their watch and urging Father Time to work faster.
Article Continued Below
“It sucks,” Travis reiterated. “I'm not envying Marcus for that but for sure, seeing him, he's about to come back and help this ballclub. It's exciting stuff, I'm pumped for him. He's always motivating me. They come in every morning and it's, ‘Hey man, let's go. Gotta get you going.' He's like a ball of energy. They walk into the room and it's like a pot of coffee. You don't have to have anything. They get everybody going. I think this clubhouse, he'll fit in great.” If the time comes when they shut Travis down for the season, they should bring them back for whatever is left in September and live the experience with their teammates. It's all part of the process.
Read more about:
Do you want to lose weight? Make more money? Learn to play the piano? Your odds of achieving any of these goals depend not just on how motivated you are, but also, according to a new study of West Point cadets, the source of that motivation.
There are two types of motivation. Internal motivation drives people to achieve a goal for its own sake, whereas external motivation is not directly related to the goal itself. For example, if you are learning how to play the violin, you may be internally motivated by your love of the instrument, but also externally motivated by your parents' pride or your hope that the skill will help you get into a better college.
According to one school of thought, internal motivations and external motivations are both effective. But some psychologists argue that only the internal motivations work for long-term goals, such as career achievement or learning new skills. The problem is that laboratory studies of motivation have focused only on short-term goals.
So a team of psychologists has turned to a natural experiment that has been playing out for more than 200 years. Every year, about 1300 young men and women enter the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York. Only about 1000 of them graduate. Of those graduates, a smaller portion pursue military careers beyond the mandatory 5 years of service. And fewer still are selected for early promotion, a mark for those on their way to the top ranks. What motivations do these students have when they enter West Point? It turns out that the academy has recorded just that through its annual survey of the incoming cadets, as well as by tracking their career outcomes.
Getting access to that information wasn't easy. Amy Wrzesniewski and Barry Schwartz, psychologists at Yale University and Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania, respectively, asked West Point 7 years ago if they could work with these data. "This then began a process," Wrzesniewski says, of navigating bureaucracy and orchestrating official approval from the military and their home institutions. In the end, they got 14 years of data on the motivations and outcomes for more than 10,000 cadets.
The first task was teasing apart the different types of motivations. West Point asks its incoming cadets to describe their motivations using a series of questions and numerical scales. The researchers created a composite score for each cadet that captured the ratio of internal to external motivations. For example, cadets had to choose a point on a scale for "Desire to be an Army officer"—which by definition is an internal motivation—and also for "My parents wanted me to go," which is an external one. Then they measured how much of the variation in career outcomes matched up with that ratio.
At least for military officers, intrinsic motivation is the only thing that matters. Even when other factors were accounted for—such as race, religion, gender, socioeconomic background, and scholastic scores—cadets with primarily internal motives were about 20% more likely to make it through West Point than the average. For cadets who did not have primarily internal motivations—even if they were equally driven by internal motives and external motives such as getting a good job or becoming physically fit—their chances of graduating were worse than average, the team reports online this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. And compared with the cadets with primarily internal motivations, the mixed-motive cadets had a 10% lower chance of sticking with a military career and a 20% lower chance of being promoted early.
The study "reveals that intrinsic motivation is powerful, but it is also fragile," says Adam Grant, a psychologist at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. "Even when West Point cadets found their work interesting and meaningful, if they were also strongly motivated by extrinsic rewards," such as a good salary or the respect of their peers, "they were less likely to complete their studies, continue their service, and get promoted early." This creates a paradox for ambitious people. If achieving a goal strikes you as having many benefits beyond the goal itself, but you care too much about those added benefits, you are more likely to fail.
Despite the request by Redmond Giant to hold on till the notified issue in Microsoft's Windows Operating System security (which came out in past few weeks), Google again published details about three security flaws in Apple's OSX operating system after the stipulated project Zero 90 – days deadline to deliver a fix lapsed!
Google's Project Zero security unit has revealed three security flaws in Apple's OS X operating system that might allow hackers to take control of user's Mac systems. The flaws are mentioned as “OS X networked “effective_audit_token” XPC type confusion sandbox escape”, “OS X IOKit kernel code execution due to NULL pointer difference in IntelAccelerator,” and “OS X IOKit kernel memory corruption due to bad bzero in IOBluetooth device.” The first flaw may be mitigated by changes already present in OS X Yosemite, but that has not been confirmed. Further details about the flaws are present on Google's Security Research page.
Goggle, in October notified Apple about the flaws. In addition to this, it later published detailed information about the flaws along with a proof-of-concept exploit after the Project Zero team's 90 – day cutoff period. Still, Apple has not paid any heed to these flaws and no statement exist to confirm the harmlessness for the loopholes.
We are expecting Apple to fix the issue with the upcoming update of OS X Yosemite 10.10.2 (currently in beta) – as from iMore.
“For the protection of our customers, Apple does not disclose, discuss or confirm any security issues until a full investigation has occurred and any necessary patches or releases are available”- Apple's product security page.
Previously, Google has also done the same act of disclosing the bug detail before the patch fixes are rolled out. Earlier, it published a series of vulnerabilities in Microsoft's Windows 8.1, for which it was criticized by Microsoft's Senior Director of the Microsoft Security Response Center, Chris Betz. And after a few days, it went on revealing two more bugs in Windows 7 and Windows 8.1 to the public.
Police in Scottsdale, Ariz., released 20 pages of reports late Tuesday, documenting the night they arrested Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell after a Postmates delivery driver told them they answered the door by pointing a gun to their face. Maxwell was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and disorderly conduct.
According to the reports, 10 assisting officers responded to the 911 call. One spoke to the Postmates driver, who described what happened when they arrived at the apartment with a delivery from Geno's Cheesesteak & Deli in Tempe. From one police report:
Once Lindsay arrived at the listed residence, they knocked on the screen door. Without any provocation, the door opened and Lindsay advised me they were staring straight at the barrel of a silver handgun. Lindsay stated they were in shock and simply stated “Are you Bruce?” Lindsay then stated the male subject then opened the door a little more and they were able to see that they had tattoos “all over their body.” At this time the male subject then questioned Lindsay on what they ordered from Postmates while simultaneously telling them to “not worry about the gun.” Moments later, Lindsay stated the male subject then removed the handgun from their face and moved it to a position out of sight inside the residence. Lindsay stated they then gave the subject their food and walked away still in shock on what had just occurred. Once Lindsay was able to get back to their vehicle, they immediately dialed 911. Lindsay stated their entire interaction with the male subject lasted less than 60 seconds.﻿
When police arrived, Maxwell followed their commands, calling dispatch when told to do so and then following their instructions for how to walk out of their apartment. They refused to get on their knees, but did allow themselves to be handcuffed. At one point, guns and a Taser were pointed at them but not fired, according to the reports. One report described Maxwell this way:
I immediately noticed a strong odor of intoxicating liquor emanating from their breath. Their eyes were blood shot and watery. During the course of my interview, Maxwell would speak in an elevated voice (often yelling), utilize excessive profanities, ﻿and was very inconsistent with their account of what had occurred.
Another report described Maxwell as laughing and “swaying while walking backwards and had slurred mumbled speech.” One officer said Maxwell told them that they had ordered food but had canceled the order. Here is how police described Maxwell's answers about what happened with the delivery:
Advertisement
An officer would later call Geno's and write in a report that manager on duty said a “Bruce M.” had ordered $14.02 worth of food that night. The order had not been canceled, the manager told police.
Maxwell, who appeared in 76 games for Oakland this year, was the first MLB player to protest during the national anthem. According to court records, a preliminary hearing is scheduled for Nov. 8.
The police reports in full are below:
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court is leaving in place a lower court ruling that a federal employment discrimination law doesn't protect a person against discrimination based on their sexual orientation.
The court on Monday declined to take up the question of whether a law that bars workplace discrimination “because of…sex” covers discrimination against someone because of their sexual orientation.
President Barack Obama's Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took the view that it does. But President Donald Trump's administration has argued that Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 bars discrimination based on gender but doesn't cover sexual orientation. Federal appeals courts are split on the issue. That means the issue is likely to come to the court again.
The case the Supreme Court declined to take involved Jameka Evans, a gay woman who worked as a hospital security officer in Georgia. Lower courts said they couldn't use Title VII to sue for discrimination.
The Supreme Court didn't explain why it was declining to hear the case. But the hospital where Evans worked, Georgia Regional Hospital, told the court there were technical legal problems with the case.
The latest patch notes are here for the new update to Disney Infinity 3.0 that brought up Marvel Battlegrounds content and more!
Surprisingly, a new change has been made to the Flynn's Arcade match making, with new features and split screen! We're excited to go try this out now!
From what we understand, all the systems have now finally had the patch go live, with Xbox 360 being the last on the list. Amidst some controversy there isn't a new patch to the PC release of Infinity 3.0. Make sure you check back soon with more news on that.
Missing from this list of patch notes is mention of the Keyblade finally being added to the game and an overhaul of Black Suit Spider-Man's skill tree and moves.
Here's a full list of the patch notes:
Hey, Disney Infinity fans! We are releasing a patch for Disney Infinity 3.0 console players to download that includes many important updates and improvements to the game. Here's what's in the new patch: New Marvel Battlegrounds Play Set The brand-new Marvel Battlegrounds Play Set can now be accessed when the Play Set piece is put down on the base. (Available for purchase on March 15.)
This includes rebalanced move sets for Disney Infinity (2.0 Edition): Marvel Super Heroes characters inside of the Marvel Battlegrounds Play Set.
Added Marvel Battlegrounds Play Set feats. New Figures The Hall of Heroes is expanded to make room for newly-added figures. The following Figures can now be used in the Marvel Battlegrounds Play Set and Toy Box 3.0: Captain America – The First Avenger (Available on March 15)
Ant-Man (Available on March 15)
Black Panther (Available on March 15)
Vision (Available on March 15) The following Figures can now be used in Toy Box 3.0: Judy Hopps (Available Now)
Nick Wilde (Available Now)
Baloo (Available on March 15) New Ways to Play in Flynn's Arcade Added a local multiplayer option. You can now open a Toy Box Cabinet in split-screen mode.
Added new feature that matches a player with a random Toy Box Cabinet where other players are waiting to join.
You can now replay a game within a Toy Box Cabinet. Improved Toy Box Memory improvements.
Improvements to saving your progress in the Toy Box.
Fixed various bugs in the Toy Box, including the Toy Box Hub. Improved Play Sets Improvements to saving your progression in Play Sets.
Improved game performance across all Play Sets. General Improvements Improved network multiplayer.
Fixed minor bugs. The patch update will be live for Disney Infinity 3.0 on all consoles by March 15. -Disney Infinity Team
Latest Patch Videos
Check out a full playlist of videos featuring new updates from the latest patch here!
﻿
Want the latest Disney Infinity News?
Check us out on Twitter, Youtube, Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram!
Subscribe! Like! Love! Favorite! Retweet!
Have You Entered Our Weekly Giveaways Yet? Click Here!
Check Out The Best Disney Infinity Deals This Week! Click Here!
MIAMI — The Heat already have a Slovenian point guard in Goran Dragic. Now they are reportedly interested in adding a Serbian point guard to their roster.
According to the the Russian news agency TASS, the Heat have joined the pursuit of 30-year-old CSKA Moscow star Milos Teodosic. The majority of NBA general managers (53.6 percent) voted Teodosic as the best international player not in the NBA, as part of last year's annual GM survey.
The Nets, Kings, Nuggets and Jazz are other teams reportedly interested in Teodosic, with Brooklyn considered the front-runners to sign him. The 6-foot-5 guard is expected to command a first year salary of $8 to $10 million as they look for a three-year deal worth around $25-30 million, according to CSKA Moscow president Andrei Vatutin.
Teodosic will be a free agent this summer after completing their contract with CSKA Moscow. He's averaging 14.3 points on 54.9 percent shooting from the field and 39.1 percent shooting from 3-point range and 6.4 assists this season.
In a 2013 preseason game between CSKA Moscow and the Minnesota Timberwolves, Teodosic recorded 26 points, nine assists and five rebounds to lead CSKA Moscow to an overtime win.
“It's true that I'm seriously thinking about the possibility of the NBA, but nothing has transpired yet, and nothing will until the summer,” Teodosic blogged on Eurohoop.net in March. “I've said before that, in order for me to go to the USA, a team has to meet both my competitive ambitions – which is the most important thing – and everything that has to do with the financial aspect as well as the aspect of the length of my contract.”
If Teodosic wants to find a team that's competitive, the Heat could be a better fit for them than the Nets. Miami finished with a 41-41 record while Brooklyn finished with the NBA's worst record at 20-62 last season.
The Heat will have the space to make a run at Teodosic, too, if they desire. Miami is expected to enter free agency with about $38 million in cap space after it clears Chris Bosh's contract off its salary cap.
The Heat went through last season without a true backup point guard. Miami used a combination of Tyler Johnson, Dion Waiters, Josh Richardson and even forward James Johnson to help initiate offense when Dragic — the Heat's starting point guard — was off the floor.
What does Teodosic's game look like. Watch this …
[2017-18 season will be Tony Fiorentino's last as Heat television analyst]
[LeBron James believes their move to Heat was different than Kevin Durant's move to Warriors]
[Whale hunting? Heat linked to Gordon Hayward sweepstakes as team ‘worrying' Jazz]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
X
First Name: Last Name:
Email: Phone Number:
Address: City:
State (US/Canada): Select a state Alabama Alaska Alberta Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland and Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Nova Scotia Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Zip:
Brochure For: Cruise Lite Brochure Expanded Cruise Lite Brochure (Digital Only) Furrion Backup Camera Furrion 95w Solar Suitcase Furrion Charging Inlets
Comments:
Please enter the text found in the image.
Load New Images
By submitting this brochure request, you acknowledge that we will share your contact information with local dealers so they can send you a brochure.
By submitting this quote request, you acknowledge that we will share your contact information with local dealers so they can send you a quote.
Chinos have a bit of a circutous history. They began as part of the British Army's standard uniform starting around the 1840s. By the end of the 19th century, American troops stationed in the Philippines began wearing them. They remained associated with the military for another hundred years, until 1942, when the US Navy approved that they could be worn off-duty. Since then, they've been incredibly popular with the public. I think the civilian trend largely took off when James Dean began wearing them. That was during a time when much of the public looked towards Hollywood for sartorial direction, and ever since then, the popularity of chinos has been buoyed by big marketing campaigns from companies such as The Gap.
The great thing about chinos is that, like jeans, they look better with age. In fact, one of the best looks, in my opinion, is a pair of really worn down chinos with a sports coat, oxford cloth button down shirt, and a pair of brown loafers. The more worn down and beat up the chinos, the more stylish this look becomes. When the pants are too new, the look can be a bit stiff. As such, I recommend that you wear your chinos with a bit of a rumple and avoid creasing the front of the legs. Creases on chinos add fifteen years to your age and can make you look like the type that irons your underwear. Wear them as casually as you can and invite the fraying that comes. If you want, you can also roll up the the legs a bit, which Gilt Manual recently gave some really good tips for.
So if you're on the market for chinos, where can you turn? Here are some options. Note that in the interest of sizing information, I've included what I wear for most of these. I'm a size 32 in most pants, but sometimes have to size down depending on the cut. It's probably also worth mentioning that I have an Asian booty that's flatter than a flapjack, so take that into account when gauging whether my reviews will be helpful for you.
Uniqlo Vintage chino ($50) : Uniqlo's Vintage fit chino is a nice slim cut model with mid-century details – watch pocket, decent hardware, and a slight herringbonish finish. Unfortunately, they also have a low rise, which makes them not as good for tucking in shirts. Still, for $50, they're not bad, and if you're in New York City, you can pick one up at any of their stores. Uniqlo should also have a website up at some point, but details on the drop date are fuzzy. I wear a 32 in these.
: Uniqlo's Vintage fit chino is a nice slim cut model with mid-century details – watch pocket, decent hardware, and a slight herringbonish finish. Unfortunately, they also have a low rise, which makes them not as good for tucking in shirts. Still, for $50, they're not bad, and if you're in New York City, you can pick one up at any of their stores. Uniqlo should also have a website up at some point, but details on the drop date are fuzzy. I wear a 32 in these. Brooks Brothers Milano Fit chinos ($95) : Brooks has a popular slim fit chino. They're a bit tapered, which make them good for slim men, but not much so for heavier guys (tapered pants can emphasize your waistline). The material is a smooth plain-weave, which gives them an “office” feel. I prefer slightly rougher twill models, personally, but it's a matter of taste. Unfortunately, Brooks only has a terrible peach colored version left, but they'll restock their other colors soon, so just keep an eye out. If you catch them at the beginning of their sales, you can nab one for as little as $60, but otherwise they're about $100. I find these fit pretty true-to-size. I wear a 32 in these, but can also size down to 30 for a slightly slimmer fit.
: Brooks has a popular slim fit chino. They're a bit tapered, which make them good for slim men, but not much so for heavier guys (tapered pants can emphasize your waistline). The material is a smooth plain-weave, which gives them an “office” feel. I prefer slightly rougher twill models, personally, but it's a matter of taste. Unfortunately, Brooks only has a terrible peach colored version left, but they'll restock their other colors soon, so just keep an eye out. If you catch them at the beginning of their sales, you can nab one for as little as $60, but otherwise they're about $100. I find these fit pretty true-to-size. I wear a 32 in these, but can also size down to 30 for a slightly slimmer fit. Rugby university chinos ($70) : Rugby's University model fits very well if you size down. Whereas I'm normally a 32 in most pants, I wear a 31 in Rugby's. They're slim and have a rise that just hits the waist. They have a slightly worn finish, which means the colors are a bit faded and the edges are very, very slightly distressed. Nothing really noticeable, but it's there.
: Rugby's University model fits very well if you size down. Whereas I'm normally a 32 in most pants, I wear a 31 in Rugby's. They're slim and have a rise that just hits the waist. They have a slightly worn finish, which means the colors are a bit faded and the edges are very, very slightly distressed. Nothing really noticeable, but it's there. Bill's Khakis M3 chinos ($67) : Bill's Khakis has three models, but only the M3 is anything that's remotely close to wearable. Even then, you'll have to get these slightly tapered. That job shouldn't run you more than $20, however. So why buy something that doesn't immediately fit well off the rack? Because these are some of the best chinos you can have after some alterations, and when Sierra Trading Post has them for $65, they're a steal. They're superbly constructed and made from a traditional soft twill fabric that's free of any pre-distressing. They also feature deep pockets (a detail many brands are cutting back on) and have a rise that actually sits on my waist (not “just hits it”). The slightly higher rise will allow you to tuck in your shirt without making your torso look unnaturally big. I recommend sizing down a bit, but not too much. I wear a 31 in Bill's Khakis.
: Bill's Khakis has three models, but only the M3 is anything that's remotely close to wearable. Even then, you'll have to get these slightly tapered. That job shouldn't run you more than $20, however. So why buy something that doesn't immediately fit well off the rack? Because these are some of the best chinos you can have after some alterations, and when Sierra Trading Post has them for $65, they're a steal. They're superbly constructed and made from a traditional soft twill fabric that's free of any pre-distressing. They also feature deep pockets (a detail many brands are cutting back on) and have a rise that actually sits on my waist (not “just hits it”). The slightly higher rise will allow you to tuck in your shirt without making your torso look unnaturally big. I recommend sizing down a bit, but not too much. I wear a 31 in Bill's Khakis. Ralph Lauren Preston chinos ($75): These are a lot like Bill's Khakis – great construction, but not terribly slim (these are “grown up” chinos in a very real sense). However, like Bill's, they hold a lot of potential. They have a slightly higher rise than Bill's, which I like, but the pockets aren't as deep. You'll need to size down quite a bit to get these to fit right. I go down as far as 30 personally.
J Crew chinos ($60-70) : I'm not crazy about most of J Crew's stuff, but I think they're worth talking about since almost everyone has a J Crew store near them. J Crew has a few different models, but I'll only speak of the Urban Slim Fit and Bowery. The Urban Slim Fit doesn't work at all on me, but I could see them fitting well on someone with a lot of junk in the trunk. The Bowery is much better – pretty decent slim fit, even though the construction is clearly more mass market. The price isn't bad, however, especially given how often J Crew holds sales. You could probably snag these for $40 if you waited for the right opportunity. If you do, I recommend sizing down. I wear a 30 in the Bowery.
: I'm not crazy about most of J Crew's stuff, but I think they're worth talking about since almost everyone has a J Crew store near them. J Crew has a few different models, but I'll only speak of the Urban Slim Fit and Bowery. The Urban Slim Fit doesn't work at all on me, but I could see them fitting well on someone with a lot of junk in the trunk. The Bowery is much better – pretty decent slim fit, even though the construction is clearly more mass market. The price isn't bad, however, especially given how often J Crew holds sales. You could probably snag these for $40 if you waited for the right opportunity. If you do, I recommend sizing down. I wear a 30 in the Bowery. RRL Officer Chino ($185) : RRL, a Ralph Lauren brand, has has a pair of selvedge twill chinos that wears like selvedge dehim jeans. They're meant to be worn as such, too – wear them hard and don't wash them often. Soon you'll see fades like you would with selvedge jeans (though obviously more subtle because of the fabric). They also have nice details, such as double canvas waistband (which makes them sturdier) and a button fly (which won't give you a weenie tent like zipper flys do). The fit is a lot slimmer, however, than other models you'll read about here. Part of this is just the style, but part of it is also to get the fading you want. The cut is definitely not for everyone, but if you're used to wearing slim selvedge denim jeans, then you might want to consider these. Size down and expect a little stretching (I wear a 31). You can buy them in most Ralph Lauren stores, but if you're not close to one, you can phone an order in. RRL is also going to get a website up sometime next month, I hear.
: RRL, a Ralph Lauren brand, has has a pair of selvedge twill chinos that wears like selvedge dehim jeans. They're meant to be worn as such, too – wear them hard and don't wash them often. Soon you'll see fades like you would with selvedge jeans (though obviously more subtle because of the fabric). They also have nice details, such as double canvas waistband (which makes them sturdier) and a button fly (which won't give you a weenie tent like zipper flys do). The fit is a lot slimmer, however, than other models you'll read about here. Part of this is just the style, but part of it is also to get the fading you want. The cut is definitely not for everyone, but if you're used to wearing slim selvedge denim jeans, then you might want to consider these. Size down and expect a little stretching (I wear a 31). You can buy them in most Ralph Lauren stores, but if you're not close to one, you can phone an order in. RRL is also going to get a website up sometime next month, I hear. Left Field ($198): The nice folks at Left Field sent me a free pair of these to try on. They're a slightly more workwear version of traditional chinos. The belt loops are big enough to accommodate belts meant for jeans; the stitching is slightly more rugged; and the pants have a slight “work pant” feel. Like with most workwear/ heritage brands, the quality here is heavily in the details. There is a chain-stitched waistband, Corozo button fly, and Japanese chambray pocket bags. The fabric for the pants themselves are a ringspun cotton Japanese twill. I could see these working well for someone who has a Americana/ heritage sensibility. I recommend going true-to-size on these, but note that they fit slightly big in the seat, so you should probably have something more than my non-existent Asian booty if you want to wear these well.
The nice folks at Left Field sent me a free pair of these to try on. They're a slightly more workwear version of traditional chinos. The belt loops are big enough to accommodate belts meant for jeans; the stitching is slightly more rugged; and the pants have a slight “work pant” feel. Like with most workwear/ heritage brands, the quality here is heavily in the details. There is a chain-stitched waistband, Corozo button fly, and Japanese chambray pocket bags. The fabric for the pants themselves are a ringspun cotton Japanese twill. I could see these working well for someone who has a Americana/ heritage sensibility. I recommend going true-to-size on these, but note that they fit slightly big in the seat, so you should probably have something more than my non-existent Asian booty if you want to wear these well. Unis ($228): I know what you're already thinking. $228 for chinos!? Part of the reason why these are so expensive is because they're made in the USA (as Eunice Lee explained to someone in the comments section of Well-Spent). As a political economist, I'll admit, I don't care for this kind of “Made in the USA” appeals. For me, I just care about fit, styling, and quality, and all these counts, Unis' Gio chinos are pretty nice. They're slim without being overly so, have the perfect rise, and feature nice details such as a button fly and Corozo buttons. They have an unwashed version if you need something dressy, as well as a garment dyed rumpled version if you want something casual. I wear a 32 in these, but could also easily do a 30. If money is less of an object for you, I would definitely recommend these.
Others: There are other highly celebrated chinos. Howard Yount and Albam come to mind, but I don't have any experience with either of them. Incotex and Mabitex are also a favorite for many people, including me, but the fit, styling, and finish on them vary so much that it's not possible to write a generalizable review. You can find them in the Buying and Selling section of Styleforum, eBay, Yoox, and Gilt. A word of warning on those, however – buying them can sometimes be a gamble since they vary so much. Caveat emptor.
Lastly, for those who might be wondering: what's the difference between chinos and khakis? For pedants, chino is the Spanish word for Chinese. The original material for these pants was a Chinese twill cotton, so they were colloquially called chinos. Khaki is the Hinidi word for “dust.” The original chinos, worn by the British Army, were dyed in a mulberry juice that gave it a yellowish drab shade, now known as “khaki.” Thus, the correct term for these pants is chinos, and khaki the sandy tan color they most often come in. But that's pedantry; for the most part, the two words are interchangeable.
(photos by pocketsquareguy, The Sartorialist, and J Crew)
by
Someone should have warned Hillary Clinton and the goon squad at the Democratic National Committee that old-fashioned red-baiting isn't going to cut it in today's United States. It's not the 1950s anymore and the Soviet Union and Comintern are ancient history.
With the latest batch of polls showing Bernie Sanders, in the wake of their feisty showing in Sunday's debate against Clinton in Charleston, SC, gaining on them in both early primary states of Iowa and New Hampshire, and nationally, the Clinton campaign and the leadership in the Democratic Party seem to have lost both their minds and whatever principles they may have had.
According to one poll, by CNN/WMUR, conducted just days after the debate, Sanders is now ahead of Clinton in New Hampshire by a blow-out 60% to 33%. That's nearly triple the margin the prior CNN/WMUR poll sonw in December when the numbers were Sanders 50% and Clinton 40%.
The last pre-debate poll in Iowa, conducted by the Des Moines Register between Jan. 7-10, showed Clinton's once-commanding lead in that state to have shrunk to 2%, with them getting 42% and Sanders 40%, well within the poll's stated 4.2% margin of error. Clinton”s and the Democratic Party's internal polling were certainly already telling them by early this week that Sanders had surged since the debate in Iowa as well as in New Hampshire. And in fact, a new Des Moines Register poll released late Thursday shows Clinton in Iowa with 42.8% and Sanders with 42.3% — a statistical tie, with the trend moving in Sanders' direction.
Hence the Clinton campaign's panicky response, which has been to start having surrogates go out and paint Sanders as a “red.”
They don't actually call them a commie, but they do the next closest thing, warning that if Sanders were to win the Democratic nomination, they would then be attacked by whoever is the Republican nominee, who would “surely” call them a communist.
How, actually, does this differ from Hillary themselves just calling them a commie? Well, it doesn't. Them campaign is calling them a red.
This attempted McCarthyite hatchet job on Sanders was launched in an article in the obligingly complicit New York Times, which on Wednesday ran a one-sided hit piece headlined::”Alarmed Clinton Supporters Begin Focusing on Sanders's Socialist Edge.”
In that article, we read the likes of Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon, saying of Sanders, “Here in the heartland, we like our politicians in the mainstream, and they are not — he's a socialist. He's entitled to their positions, and it's a big-tent party, but as far as having them at the top of the ticket, it would be a meltdown all the way down the ballot.”
Then there ‘s Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri, a neoliberal Clinton supporter, who tells the Times, “The Republicans won't touch (Sanders) because they can't wait to run an ad with a hammer and sickle.”
The Clintons' fingers are all over this McCarthyite attack. It's exactly the kind of thing Bill and Hillary pulled when they went after Barack Obama after they won the Iowa caucus in 2008, and sparked the epic collapse of Hillary Clinton's first time out as the “inevitable” Democratic nominee for president that year. Now they're trying the same smear tactic on Sanders, and for the same reason.
This time they will fail because Americans are no longer spooked about the idea of socialism. In fact, a poll taken a week ago In Iowa found that a plurality of likely Iowa Democratic caucus-goers, asked to identify themselves as either “capitalists” or as “socialists,” chose “socialist.” Meanwhile, asked the same question in the last debate, Hillary Clinton proudly declared themselves to be a “capitalist.”
That uncharacteristic flash of honesty was correct; they and Bill have pursued money aggressively since leaving office, with an alacrity that would be the envy of many a hedge-fund manager. In fact a fair amount of Hillary's time as Obama's first Secretary of State was devoted to currying favor with particularly sordid but filthy rich foreign autocrats and poobahs who then contributed significant sums to the coffers of the Clinton Foundation — a giant money-laundering operation that provides salaries and perks to the two Clintons, their daughter, and various acolytes. It's an industry and it generates capital — a lot of capital — making them indeed a capitalist. Sanders, in contrast, is one of the poorest members of Congress, who has pointedly not used their 18 years in Washington to enrich themselves through bribes and campaign “contributions” from wealthy contributors.
Besides, red-baiting won't work because nobody's afraid of a world communist conspiracy anymore. Russia is capitalist, China is capitalist, Vietnam is capitalist, the US has recognized Cuba. For that matter, Vladimir Putin, despite their origins as an operative in the old Soviet-era KGB, has become a hero of the right wing in the US, and is seen by many — perhaps even most Americans — as a better, more focused and decisive leader than President Obama.
Calling someone a red or a Commie or a pinko in today's America is akin to using Shakespearean invective to denounce someone; It's as if Hillary had called Bernie “a lily-livered, action-taking, whoreson, glass-gazing, super-serviceable, finical rogue,” as Kent said of Oswald in Shakespeare's King Lear. It just sounds absurd.
But that doesn't excuse Clinton and their backers like Gov. Nix and Sen. McCaskill. They may be inept, antedeluvian and out of touch, but their intentions were clearly to use McCarthyite tactics to smear and destroy Sanders, and that is inexcusable. The fact that the tactic was stupid doesn't negate the fact that their intentions were vile and unacceptable.
Sanders, of course, has courted this through their political career by openly declaring themselves to be a “democratic socialist.” When they started out doing it in Vermont, a state which, while loaded with immigrant hippies, is also home to many of the same rock-ribbed conservatives who populate the little towns of the neighboring Granite State of “Live Free or Die” New Hampshire, they took their lumps for it, but they didn't back down. Instead, they ended up, serving as the socialist mayor of what pundits took to calling the “People's Republic of Burlington,” moving on to become the socialist Congressman from Vermont, and later the socialist Senator from Vermont.
He's just educating a larger national audience now, and since their ideology comes with a heavy dose of denunciation of Wall Street's bankster crooks and of corrupt Washington politicians like their opponent, Hillary Clinton — people who are on the take from those same crooks and other corporate scoundrels — he's getting a rousing reception from the electorate.
Clinton, desperate to win and seeing their last shot at the presidency withering away, has hit bottom with this red-baiting effort. Initially, as it became clear that their candidacy was foundering, they turned to lies, having their daughter Chelsea Clinton claim a week ago that Sanders' plan for a universal single-payer Medicare-for-All healthcare program in the US would mean “dismantling Obamacare, dismantling Medicaid, and dismantling CHIP,” the insurance program that covers some poor children around the country, and by claiming Sanders had voted for a bill to deregulate derivatives (it was part of a budget bill, and was voted on by all but four members of Congress, besides which the new head of the unregulated commodities trading organization, Gary Gensler, is now the financial director of Hillary Clinton's own campaign!).
Now, lying having failed, she's gone completely off the rails by turning to Sen. Joe McCarthy for inspiration.
Enough said! Let's leave matters here with an insult borrowed from Shakespeare's Comedy of Errors:
“Dissembling harlot, thou art false in all!”
Domestic Pioneers:
Seeds from Henry George
The intellectual origins of the modern-day community land trust begin in the United States with a home-grown, self-educated political economist named Henry George. They were born in Philadelphia in 1839, went to work as an office boy at 13 years of age, and ran away to sea at the age of 16. They eventually landed in San Francisco, where they found employment at a local newspaper. They worked their way up from printer, to reporter, to editor, eventually becoming the newspaper's owner and a prosperous man.
George was vexed by an intellectual problem that they called the “great enigma.” Why is there immense poverty amidst so much wealth, poverty that occurs despite social, economic, and technological progress? Reading widely, they encountered the work of the English political theorist, John Stuart Mill. They were struck by Mill's concept of the “social increment,” an economic theory asserting that most of the appreciating value of land is created not by the investment or labor of individual landowners, but by the growth and development of the surrounding society. This insight allowed them to crack the code of the “great enigma.”
George saw poverty as resulting from the ownership of land by a small cadre of landowners who are able to capture for themselves the appreciating value of land – i.e., real estate values that are created, as John Stuart Mill had suggested, by the growth and development of society. Landlords, in George's eyes, are little more than parasites feeding off the productivity of others. Whenever there is economic progress – new technologies, higher wages, higher profits – landowners simply raise their rents or the selling price of their real estate holdings. This constitutes, in George's words, “an invisible tax on enterprise,” collected by those who contribute nothing themselves to increased productivity. Landlordism is a bane for capital and labor alike.
An obvious remedy for this sorry state of affairs would be for government to nationalize the land. But George was too much of a political realist – and too much an admirer of the Jeffersonian ideal of small-scale landholding – to propose such a radical solution. Instead, they proposed a single tax: Have government tax away the social increment, collecting for the benefit of the public all of the land gains that society itself has created. By George's calculation, this tax on the appreciating value of land would be sufficient to cover all of a government's costs of providing infrastructure, schools, and other public services. This would allow the elimination of all other taxes on profits, wages, and structural improvements. A single tax would do it all.
They laid out their argument for the single tax in Progress and Poverty, published in 1879. Their book was a bestseller. It was followed by a steady stream of books and pamphlets in which George repeated and refined the ideas introduced in Progress and Poverty. Their published works and public speeches brought George wide fame and a large following, spawning an international “single-tax movement.” Single-tax clubs sprang up across the United States and throughout Europe, dedicated to promoting George's ideas.
George's fame was spread abroad not only through the publication and translation of Progress and Poverty and other works, but also by the presence of George himself. They made six trips outside of the United States between 1881 and 1890.
Back in the United States, other followers of Henry George were busily developing experimental communities of their own. These so-called “single-tax colonies” combined community ownership of the land and individual ownership of the structural improvements. The first was established in Fairhope, Alabama in 1894 on the eastern shore of Mobile Bay.
Another single-tax colony was established in Arden, Delaware in 1900, outside of Wilmington. The founders drew up plans for a village of artists and artisans, where the land would be held in trust. Residents were granted 99-year ground leases. They could sell their houses but not the land. Upon the resale of a house, the land lease was transferred to the new homeowner. These plans led to the development of a thriving community that still exists, a hundred years later. Its current population is over 500 people.
Another part of George's legacy to the CLT movement is the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy. The Institute was established in 1946 by John C. Lincoln, a Cleveland industrialist and investor. They were intrigued by the writings of Henry George, especially George's ideas about land ownership and taxation. Lincoln created the Foundation to support other institutions in the teaching, research, and publication of information about George's work.
In 2005, under the leadership of Roz Greenstein, the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy stepped in to provide critical financial and logistical support for the National CLT Conference in Portland, Oregon when the conference's sponsor abruptly withdrew. One year later, Lincoln underwrote the creation of the National CLT Academy and provided continuous funding for curriculum development, training, and research during the six-year span of the Academy's operation.
KEY DATES
1839
Birth of Henry George in Philadelphia.
1865
George begins work in the newspaper industry, starting as a printer, continuing as a journalist, and ending as an editor and proprietor.
1871–1875
George serves as editor of the San Francisco Daily Evening Post.
1879
Publication of Progress and Poverty.
1880
George moves to New York City.
1881
Publication of George's The Land Question.
George begins the first of six trips they will take outside of the United States between 1881 and 1890, visiting Ireland, England, France, and Australia.
1883
Publication of George's Social Problems.
1886
George campaigns for mayor of New York City as the candidate of the United Labor Party.
Publication of George's Protection or Free Trade.
1894
Establishment of single tax colony at Fairhope, Alabama.
1897
George is persuaded to run a second time for mayor of New York City, opposing Tammany Hall as a candidate of the city's labor organizations. Four days before the election they die of a stroke on October 29th.
1898
Posthumous publication of George's The Science of Political Economy.
1900
Establishment of single tax colony at Arden, Delaware.
1925
Establishment of the Robert Schalkenbach Foundation to promote public awareness of the social philosophy and economic reforms advocated by Henry George.
1946
Establishment of the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy.
FURTHER READING
Charles Albro Barker, Henry George (Oxford University Press, 1955 and Greenwood Press, 1974).
Henry George, Progress and Poverty, Abridged edition (New York: Robert Schalkenbach Foundation, 1998. (Text of the full, unabridged book)
Henry Wiencek, “A Delaware Delight: The Oasis Called Arden,” in John Emmeus Davis (ed.), The Community Land Trust Reader (Cambridge, MA: Lincoln Institute of Land Policy, 2010).
EXTERNAL LINKS
.
Disclaimer: This website is monetized by ads and other affiliates. As such, this article may contain affiliate links. If you decide to use them, you can sleep easier knowing you're helping me give my cats a better life. :) I really appreciate your support!
There's no doubt that Amazon is my favorite online retailer. They don't charge tax in Michigan (at least yet), they offer quite a few Prime perks other than shipping, and they usually have the best prices around. How can you beat that?
That's right, you can't.
Since I shop on Amazon a lot, as I'm sure most of you do as well, I decided to put this post together detailing the multiple ways you can save additional money on top of Amazon's already amazing pricing.
Warning: There are affiliate links beyond this point! If that is something you want to avoid, turn back now. For all others, enjoy the post!
1. Subscribe and Save
With subscribe and save you can save 5%-15% off hundreds of disposables such as paper towel, cleaners, and pet food. You save 5% off your order when you have 4 items or fewer that you're subscribing to and you have delivering in the same month. If you have 5 or more subscribe and save items delivering in the same month, you'll get 15% off your order. This deal can be stacked with coupons to make it that much better.
2. Search for “AmazonBasics”
Amazon has a product line called “AmazonBasics” which is just what it sounds like: basic products that are super cheap. For example, you can buy cell phone chargers, earbuds, and cases that are AmazonBasics brand. To find those products just search your product name with the phrase “AmazonBasics” (eg. Lightning cable AmazonBasics).
3. Shop Amazon Warehouse
The Amazon Warehouse is a great place to find cheap products that were returned. By returns, I'm not talking about broken, cracked, scratched, and/or damaged items. Most items on Amazon Warehouse are simply opened, use for a short period of time (if at all) then returned. Since Amazon can't list that item as new anymore, they sell it at a drastically cheaper price on their Warehouse. They offer a great return policy on their Warehouse items, so if the product shows up more used than you would like or broken, you can just return it no questions asked.
4. Use CamelCamelCamel
CamelCamelCamel is a must for Amazon price and rank tracking. With it, you can find out an item's price history to see if the item is worth buying yet or setting up a price tracker to let you know when it hits a specific price.
5. Use an Amazon Store Card
Amazon has a store card that offers 5% cash back on all purchases. (Since the card can only be used on Amazon, “all purchases” only applies to Amazon purchases.). You don't get any credit card coverage by using this card (eg. Price protection, extended warranty, ect.), but 5% is a big deal, so that may not matter to you. You can sign up here with a sign-up bonus of a $10 Amazon gift card. As far as I could find, that is the best public offer. You could also try checking out to see if a better offer pops up.
6. Shop Amazon Outlet
Just like most retailers, Amazon has an outlet store of sorts. The only difference between theirs and other retailers is that theirs is online. You can find a lot of great outlet deals here by checking often.
7. Use Amazon Prime
This one is a no brainer. If you shop on Amazon a lot (like a few times a month), then you need Amazon Prime. Alternatively, you could just order $35 or more worth of products shipped by Amazon every time you shop to get free shipping. Prime isn't only good for shipping, though, so even if you don't buy a lot of items on Amazon, you may still want to sign up.
8. Share Your Prime
If you have a $99 Prime membership (non student), you can share your Prime benefits with up to 4 other people. This is a good way to split the price of prime with friends and family.
9. Shop as a New User
Occasionally, Amazon will offer better prices on certain items to “new customers,” so to check if you can get a better price on an item you're eyeballing, take a look at it in an incognito browser window. That way, if the price is better for new members, just checkout as a guest. Of course, this will negate your Prime shipping benefit, but if the item is significantly cheaper, it could be worth it.
10. Use Coupons
Not everyone knows this, but Amazon offers product coupons just like most other retailers. More often than not, Amazon will have a link to a product specific coupon on said product's page, however, you can check all available product coupons above.
11. Use Paribus.co to Automatically Save Money
Paribus is relatively new to me, as I've only been using it for about two weeks, but it strikes me as an awesome service! Basically they search your inbox for purchases, then monitor those purchases for price adjustments. If they find a lower price, they will submit a price adjustment on your behalf. If that price adjustment is approved, they charge you 25% of the adjustment. In other words, you get 75% of the price difference and they get 25% for doing all the work. It's an awesome system! You can sign up here.
Alternatively, you can watch your Amazon purchases for price adjustments. If Amazon lowers the price of your item(s) within 7 days, send them a message and they will most likely refund you the difference.
12. Shop Amazon's Gold Box
Every day, Amazon releases new items in their Gold Box. Some days offer better deals than other days, so it's definitely worth a check every once in a while.
13. Use Amazon Student
If you're in college, you can sign up for Amazon Student Prime, which offers all the normal Prime features (other than Prime sharing) along with student specific deals such as cheaper text books for $49. This benefit can be renewed every year for 4 years as long as you are still in college. That being said, they only verify your eligibility when you first sign up, not when you renew.
14. Use Amazon Mom
Amazon Mom is another version of Prime that costs the same as regular Prime ($99). The only difference with the “Mom” version is that you get 20% off select subscribe and save items (mostly baby products) and “Mom” specific coupons (for more baby products). You do not have to be a mom to sign-up for Amazon Mom. In fact, you don't even have to be female. Amazon Mom is targeted at all parents, grandparents, and caretakers.
15. Use a Portal
What, Amazon has portals? Yeah, I know it's crazy, but their portals aren't super generous. Only purchases in the following categories qualify:
Jewelry
Watches
Beauty & Grooming
Lawn & Garden
Amazon Local
If you shop those categories ever, make sure you check CashBackMonitor to see which portal will offer you the most cash back.
Bonus: Use Purse.io
I have yet to personally use Purse.io, but I've heard good things. With it, you can save anywhere from 8% – 50% off your Amazon purchases. How, you ask? Well, it's basically a marketplace where you trade Bitcoins for Amazon Products or visa versa. It works particularly well if you have a lot of Bitcoins or Amazon gift cards.
Do you have any Amazon tips that I missed?
It's been a rough month for the Goyo clan.
03/30/17 Rulings
Q: Under which circumstances can I activate the effect of Goyo Defender?
A: Special Summoning a Goyo Defender with the effect of another Goyo Defender is a Special Summon from the Extra Deck, so you need to Special Summon it to either an Extra Monster Zone or a Main Monster Zone pointed to by a Link Monster's Link Markers. (At this time, all monsters on your field must be face-up EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters.)
For example, if your Goyo Defender and your opponent's Decode Talker are face-up on the field, and there are no monsters in your Main Monster Zones, you can activate the effect of Goyo Defender and Special Summon a monster with the same name from your Extra Deck, or to the Main Monster Zone pointed to by the Link Marker of Decode Talker.
Likewise, if there are no monsters in the Extra Monster Zones and you Special Summoned a Goyo Defender from your Graveyard to your Main Monster Zone with Monster Reborn, you can activate the effect of Goyo Defender.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=17343&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: There are no monsters in the Main Monster Zone, and the only monster in my Main Monster Zone is a Goyo Defender that was Special Summoned from the Graveyard with the effect of Monster Reborn. In this situation, if I activate the effect of Goyo Defender that Special Summons another Goyo Defender from my Extra Deck, but my opponent chains Book of Moon and changes Goyo Defender to face-down Defense Position, what happens?
A: When resolving the effect of Goyo Defender that Special Summons another from your Extra Deck, even if it is in face-down Defense Position so that not all monsters on your field are face-up EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters, the effect is applied normally. (Even if there are 2 or more EARTH Warrior-Type Synchro Monsters on your field and one of them is changed to face-down Defense Position, the effect resolves normally.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=17474&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: My Fusion Summoned Windwitch – Crystal Bell is face-up in the Extra Monster Zone. Windwitch – Crystal Bell has used its effect to gain the name and effects of Wandering Mummy. In this case, can I activate the copied effect of Wandering Mummy?
A: Even in this scenario, you can activate the effect of Wandering Mummy gained by Windwitch – Crystal Bell. In that case, Windwitch – Crystal Bell will be changed to face-down Defense Position in the Extra Monster Zone. Then, if there are 2 or more face-down monsters in your Main Monster Zones, you will rearrange the positions of the face-down monsters in your Main Monster Zones only. (If there are no face-down monsters in your Main Monster Zones, the effect of Windwitch – Crystal Bell finishes resolving after it changes itself to face-down Defense Position.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=7513&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: If the only monster on my field is in the Extra Monster Zone, can I activate Magical Hats?
A: You cannot activate Magical Hats if the only monster on your field is in an Extra Monster Zone. If you have monsters in both the Extra Monster Zone and your Main Monster Zone, resolve the effect of Magical Hats using a monster in your Main Monster Zone.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=6232&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: If there are 5 monsters in my Main Monster Zones, can I activate the effect of Crystron Prasiortle, Crystron Smiger, Crystron Thystvern, or Crystron Rosenix that destroys a face-up card on my field and Special Summons a “Crystron” Tuner monster from my Deck?
A: The effect of a monster such as Crystron Prasiortle Special Summons a “Crystron” Tuner monster from your Deck, so if there are already 5 monsters in your Main Monster Zones, you can only activate the effect by targeting a face-up monster in your Main Monster Zone. (Face-up cards in your Spell & Trap Zones, Field Zone, or the Extra Monster Zone cannot be targeted.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=19576&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: If Spell/Trap Cards are Set in my endmost Spell & Trap Zones, or if Continuous Spell/Trap Cards, etc. are face-up in them, can I activate Amazing Pendulum?
A: Amazing Pendulum is a Spell Card that you can only activate if there are no cards in your Pendulum Zones. Face-up Spell/Trap Cards such as Continuous Spell/Trap Cards or Equip Spell Cards, or Set Spell/Trap Cards, will not be treated as cards in your Pendulum Zones. Therefore, even in this scenario, you can activate Amazing Pendulum.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=6090&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: U.A. Blockbacker is face-up on my field. In this situation, my opponent Link Summons a Link Spider to their Extra Monster Zone. Afterward, can I activate the effect of U.A. Blockbacker?
A: Link Monsters have no DEF and cannot change their battle positions. You cannot activate the effect of U.A. Blockbacker when your opponent Special Summons a Link Monster.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=8796&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: After applying the effect of Ghostrick Socuteboss that destroys a monster on the field, for how long can the destroyed monster's Monster Zone not be used?
A: Even if Ghostrick Socuteboss leaves the field, as long as you have at least 1 other “Ghostrick” monster remaining on your field, the effect that prevents that Monster Zone from being used will apply. Once there is no longer a “Ghostrick” monster on your field, that effect will stop applying.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=13100&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: I took battle damage from my opponent's Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi, and its effect was activated. If Cyber Archfiend is face-up on my field, and and my entire hand is discarded before my normal draw during my Draw Phase, can I still activate the effect of Cyber Archfiend afterward?
A: The effect of Cyber Archfiend activates if you have no cards in your hand when your opponent ends their turn and you begin yours, and will be activated after you perform your normal draw. In other words, if you reach your turn with 1 or more cards in your hand, you will not have 0 cards in your hand at the start of your Draw Phase. Even if your entire hand is discarded before your normal draw by the effect of your opponent's Hino-Kagu-Tsuchi, so that you are left with no cards in your hand, the effect of Cyber Archfiend will not activate.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=83&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: I activate Magical Hats, Special Summoning a Magician's Left Hand and Magician's Right Hand from my Deck face-down as Normal Monsters. During the same Battle Phase, Ceasefire is activated and flips all face-down monsters on the field face-up. In this situation, can I activate the effect of Performapal Sky Magician that returns a Continuous Spell Card on my field to the hand, by targeting either Magician's Left Hand or Magician's Right Hand?
A: Even if you Special Summoned Continuous Spell Cards with the effect of Magical Hats, they are only treated as Normal Monsters while they are in the Monster Zones, and cannot be targeted with the effect of Performapal Sky Magician.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=12103&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: Lost World and Ultimate Conductor Tyranno are both face-up on my opponent's field. Also, a Juraegg Token was Special Summoned to my field by the effect of Lost World, and I Tribute Summoned a Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King by Tributing a Continuous Spell and Continuous Trap Card. If I activate the effect of Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King that destroys a card on the field, which cards can I target?
A: In this scenario, since the effect of your opponent's Lost World is applying, you cannot target the Ultimate Conductor Tyranno on your opponent's field, but you can target either the Juraegg Token or Lost World. (Even if Master Peace, the True Dracoslaying King is unaffected by Spell effects due to its own effect, the result is the same.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=7517&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: When my opponent activates Macro Cosmos, and I chain the effect of an Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring from my hand, which effects will be negated?
A: The effect of Ash Blossom & Joyous Spring only negates the effect it was chained to. In this scenario, the effect of Macro Cosmos that can Special Summon a Helios – The Primordial Sun from the hand or Deck is negated, but the effect that banishes cards that would be sent to the Graveyard is not negated.
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=7315&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: If I activate Revolving Stage, but also chain Needlebug Nest, what happens if there is only 1 Field Spell Card left in my Deck when Revolving Stage resolves?
A: The effect of Revolving Stage must Set 2 Field Spell Cards with different names from your Deck, one to each player's side of the field. Therefore, the effect is not applied if you only have 1 Field Spell Card in your Deck when it resolves. (Not even 1 Field Spell Card can be Set.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=12260&keyword=&tag=-1
Q: 2 copies of The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnet Ring are Set in my Spell & Trap Zone. When my opponent's monster declares an attack, if I activate both copies of The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnet Ring by chaining one to the other, how will they resolve?
A: In this scenario, your opponent's monster's attack is negated by the effect of The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnet Ring activated as Chain Link 2, and that copy is Special Summoned as a monster to your Monster Zone. Next, the effect of The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnet Ring that was activated as Chain Link 1 resolves, but since you cannot negate an attack, it is not Special Summoned as a monster to your Monster Zone. (In that case, The Phantom Knights of Wrong Magnet Ring is sent to the Graveyard after it resolves, like other Normal Trap Cards.)
Source: https://www.db.yugioh-card.com/yugiohdb/faq_search.action?ope=5&fid=11253&keyword=&tag=-1
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Here's one for the naysayers who insist renewable energy can't keep the lights on and power our cities. An entire state in Australia with a population of around 1.7 million people just used renewable energy to meet 100 percent of its electricity needs throughout an entire working day. According to industry news site Energy Business News:
Between 9.30 and 6pm on Tuesday, September 30, a day not unlike most Tuesdays, with business and homes using electricity as usual, the state received the favourable weather conditions allowing solar and wind infrastructure to work side by side to achieve the impressive achievement.
The analysis comes from Pitt & Sherry, an Australian energy consultancy. As the wind picked up, all but two of the state's coal-fired power generators, and one gas-powered unit, were shut down; the excess power was exported to other regions, according to the report. There were a few moments during the previous days—on September 27 and 28—when the state actually produced more wind power than the state's total energy demand. Normally, nearly a third of the state's energy comes from renewable sources, according to figures from 2012 to 2013.
South Australia, home to the city of Adelaide, has almost half of the country's wind capacity; 25 percent of its households have rooftop solar installations, according to the report. The state is aggressively pursuing green energy goals, upping its 2025 renewable energy commitment from 33 percent to 50 percent, having met its previous goal six years ahead of schedule.
This is despite the conservative federal government under Prime Minister Tony Abbott threatening to gut a national renewable energy target, having already defunded several government agencies responsible for the country's climate change policies. In July, Australia became the world's first developed nation to repeal a carbon tax.
All of that policy uncertainty is having an impact on the renewable energy sector in Australia. Investment has virtually frozen in a land famous for being bathed in sun. Recent data from Bloomberg New Energy Finance shows Australia is on track to record its lowest level of financing for big renewable projects since 2002, dropping the country from the 11th largest investor to 31st in Bloomberg's rankings. In the third quarter of this year, investment was down 78 percent from the same time last year.
The Affordable Care Act's Medicare cuts in one graph
That's from Igor Volsky and the Center for American Progress team. Conservatives will look at that graph and say, sure, it might be nice, but those cuts will never be implemented, and if they are implemented, they'll never work, and in any case, we're going to repeal them.
It is of course true that for cuts to work, they have to be implemented, and not repealed. And it is also true that Republicans want to repeal not just the Affordable Care Act, but the Medicare cost controls in particular. And at this point, the Republican Party has not agreed on any package of reforms that would slow Medicare spending by an equivalent amount, and that they would be willing to implement. If you're a deficit hawk, in other words, at the moment, the Affordable Care Act is your best, and really only, hope.
FIRST SEMI-ANNUAL [TAB] GUILD GAMES ​
For Wildstar ​
SATURDAY
MUMBLE IS RECOMMENDED WHILE TAKING PART IN THESE GAMES, WE NEED TO BE ABLE TO COMMUNICATE WITH YOU AND GET INSTRUCTIONS ACROSS TO YOU.
ALTTABME MEMBERS NEED TO BE ON TO WIN A PRIZE BUT NOT TO PARTICIPATE.
HOVERBOARD RACES ​
Must have a hoverboard to participate.
Cannot use any other forms of speed booster.
Point A is starting point and Point B is the turning point, with 3-5 points in between where you will have to either /bow /wave to pass to the next point and continue onwards, must come and circle final Judge, last leg back to point A.
FASTEST CLIMBER ​
Starting at the Base must make their way to the top of the area where the judge is located.
Anything goes on this course.
RUN FOR THY LIVES BUT DON'T DIE ​
Point A to Point B
You are the Princess and must be protected by your hired thugs.
Being a princess you are not allowed to engage in fighting. You can only give encouraging words or some entertaining words to rally your troops.
Your group will go multiple times changing princesses so the run times will be fair with many chances to get through.
MOST DANGEROUS SELFIE IN THE WORLD! ​
This event will take more than a few days so don't worry if you can't finish it the day of the games. It will also take the judges some time to evaluate the selfies.
Get to any area in the game.
Take a screenshot selfie of you fighting a mean green killing machine.
Finish the fight without dying and take another selfie next to its corpse.
This will be a weekly event and will have its own area to post pictures in.
Now, what are you waiting for. Go out there, learn the world explore and get ready to game!!! You are going to need all the experience you can get during these beta weekends and goodluck to all you Tabbers out there and Remember my most important rule: HAVE FUN!
I believe it was noted nuclear physicist Dr. Emmett Brown who once sagely exclaimed: “It's your kids … something has to be done about your kids!” Of course, they were speaking to a teenager in a life preserver at the time, not the soon-to-be-headless head of the Stark family, and the good doctor's preferred conveyance was a sports car with a fusion reactor soldered to the back of it, not a 7-foot simpleton who runs on walnuts. But the advice was universal and sound. Children need to be parented. The more time they spend unattended at critical ages, the more likely they are to make mistakes. Like falling headfirst into an icy ginger's frozen honeypot, say, or choosing exactly the wrong moment to procure poppy milk with a comely field surgeon, or, I don't know, eating mutton. Ned's neck wasn't the only thing severed that sunny day by the Baelor statue. So, too, was the final link between the Stark kids and their relatively peaceful childhoods. As last night demonstrated, the whole, scattered lot of them — young, old, male, female, bastard, and serious bastard — have been forced into a grown-up game before they've had nearly enough time to study the rulebook.
Still, even with this focus on the family, “A Man Without Honor” was a strange and digressive episode of Game of Thrones. It featured as many wonderful character moments as there are murderous Dean doppelgangers in Qarth. But the pacing felt stiff and uncomfortable, like it had just woken up from a long night next to Ygritte. In many ways, the episode functioned as an extended version of Jaime's little family reunion in the polar bear cage. Meaty monologues like the one about the “painter who used only red” add much-needed shading to the otherwise monochrome grimness of Westeros, and give gifted actors like Nikolaj Coster-Waldau a chance to flex their muscles, even if they are chained to a post and sitting in their own filth. But it was all obvious prologue to a very unsurprising — if brutal — payoff. Jaime's benighted squire was dispatched almost as quickly as Jaime themselves was recaptured, but too many of the show's other meanderings are beginning to feel years away from resolution. “Those in the margins often come to control the center,” purrs the once-and-future Qing of Qarth, but in a sprawling place like Westeros the margins can often feel very far away indeed. Winter could come and go again before Jon Snow's misadventures beyond the wall have any bearing on their southern siblings, and, at this rate, Daenerys's fire-breathing babies will be older than Pycelle before they ever sets sail for the mainland. I admire the world-building, but it would be nice to start seeing the map begin to fold over onto itself. It didn't help that the episode's two set pieces that were meant to shock merely confused. Is Ducksauce a dragon-napping power-grabber in league with Best Adapted Screenplay Oscar winner Jim Rash? Or is they just angling for a seat at the warlock's multiplication table? And were the burnt ends on display in the final moments meant to be the house special at the Stark family BBQ? Usually when we see people who've been smoked, there's also fire. But this episode as a whole never ignited.
At least there were the continuing growing pains of the Stark kids to follow. Manhood is what Jon Snow is both struggling to attain and to hide from Ygritte, but as anyone who's ever slow-danced in middle school can tell you, no, that's not Valerian steel in their pocket. Rose Leslie is too pretty and too clean by half to be believable as a wild woman with loose morals (and even looser fur pants), but she's still tons of fun, strutting around on their leash moaning and groaning about how Jon's icicle bruised their tailbone. I was all set for a few more weeks of this sexually charged The-Sun-Is-Still-Out-at-Midnight Run — the tension rising and rising even as the temperature falls, until poor Jon's walnuts feel like a hungry Hodor's been pawing at them — but it's not to be. Ygritte leads them directly into one of their people's hidey holes — and not the one they were bragging about just moments before. As crestfallen as Jon appeared, I can't help but think part of them is a little excited. The more Ygritte talks about Wildling life, the better it sounds: a 24/7 arctic orgy of stones, bones, and, for the so inclined, the occasional spear up the ass. The sheep-less chastity of the Night's Watch can't compete with that. Poor Sam spent five minutes making googly eyes at a sister-wife and he's taken up scrapbooking. Will it really take Jon so long to thaw out? Between this and Robb's un-kingly decision to, ahem, “go to the Craig” with their illicit anesthesiologist at precisely the wrong moment, it appears that Ned Stark taught their boys how to decapitate a man, but not how to flirt like one.
Poor, traumatized Sansa has less of a choice in their maturation. A series of stabby dreams coupled with the Hound's creepy conflation of murder, pleasure, and their father lead to their first period, something she's desperate to hide from the Queen. But not even Shae and their pocketknife can change the sheets fast enough: The Hound is keeping track of Sansa's cycles more vigilantly than Abed over on Community. Showrunners David Benioff and DB Weiss, who also wrote the episode, did a nice feint in what came next. Rather than popping corks and preparing the royal nursery, Cersei speaks to Sansa as if welcoming them into the world's saddest sorority. “The more people you love, the weaker you are,” they caution. And while their advice about only loving one's own children is admirable, it also rings hollow. They know exactly who Joffrey is and what it means for Sansa. Later, Cersei weeps quietly to Tyrion, comparing their forbidden brotherly love with Jaime to the insanely incestuous Targaryens. Though they don't know it, they and Daenerys do have one thing in common: They've both given birth to monsters.
Over in Harrenhal, that melty fortress/occasional human kiln, Arya must be hoping their Dial-a-Dart service doesn't charge for collateral damage: Last week's murder request has led to an investigation with a rapidly rising body count. But they seem oddly placid. Maybe it's because they know she's unlikely to get a scene partner this good again. Charles Dance has stood out this season as perhaps the finest actor in a cast full of them — and he's done so by barely leaving their mead-stained man cave. It's a treat watching Arya's pride poke through their servant's disguise, even as they fantasize about poking Tywin in the neck. Still, even the history-loving daughter of a made-up illiterate stonemason isn't immune to the charms of a powerful man taking such an interest in them “You're too smart for your own good,” they tell them Which kind of seems to be a recurring theme.
Of course, being smart still beats being whatever Theon is. After starting the season with just the right amount of sister-touching ambiguity, he's now gone full heel, kicking over old farmers and using their best groping hand for knocking out insubordinates' teeth. As I said at the top, I don't believe for a second that Bran and Rickon are cooked, but Theon's goose will be soon enough. The most self-aware characters on this show, when referring to the grand game at the center of it all, do so with humility — after all, any pawn or knight on the board is a potential threat. But not sloppy, pampered Theon. “Don't look so grim. It's all just a game!” they grin to Luwin while the hounds go Stark-hunting in the woods. Even if there are winners and losers, not every contest is meant to be fun. I have a feeling Theon's about get their battleship sunk long before the Sea Bitch — the boat or their sister — can ferry them away. Nothing makes children seem more immature than when they're playing at being adults.
Note on these recaps: I have not read the books and I have no intention to do so. My goal is to analyze and enjoy Game of Thrones strictly as a television show. So please, no spoilers or “I told you so”'s in the comments, OK? OK!
The Tony Gwynn Museum at AleSmith has an update.
The 5,000 square foot museum will be the home to more than 300 items from the baseball Hall of Famers career, spanning from their early days in Little League, their time playing and coaching at SDSU and, of course, their entire Padres career, and will be occasionally rotated out to keep things fresh and new.
They are planning to complete the project by the 2016 MLB All-Star game, that will be hosted right here in San Diego at Petco Park on July 12th. To accomplish their goal, they are going to attempt to raise some funds.
Similar to Petco Park, customizable bricks will be available for purchase.
They also will be crowdfunding through Generosity starting on February 16th. They will have different levels of prizes, including t-shirts, tours, baseball cards and more. Keep an eye out for that.
The entire press release can be seen here: TAG RELEASE – TONY GWYNN MUSEUM.
All the videos
All the podcasts
All the tweets
All the pictures
The Bangladesh Government must repeal or amend the newly amended Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Act because it is being used to assault freedom of expression and freedom from arbitrary detention, the ICJ says.
The ICT Act, as amended on 6 October 2013, has been used to arbitrarily detain Nasiruddin Elan, Director of prominent human rights organization Odhikar, who was denied bail by the cyber crimes tribunal on 6 November 2013.
Their appeal to the High Court division of the Supreme Court has been set for 24 November 2013.
Adilur Rahman Khan, Odhikar's Secretary, has also been charged under the ICT Act.
The Government has accused the two of deliberately distorting the number of protestors killed in a police crackdown on the Islamist party, Hefazat-i-Islam, in May this year.
“The original ICT Act already served to undermine human rights, but the new amendments make the law nothing short of draconian”, said Sam Zarifi, ICJ's Asia director. “The Government has used the newly amended Act to try to silence peaceful critics and civil society like Odhikar, in clear violation of international law.”
In a briefing paper issued today (see below), the ICJ analyzes the Information and Communication Technology (amendment) Act, 2013, and points out its serious deviations from international law, including: the amendments make many offences under the Act non-bailable; they allow the police to make arrests without a warrant; they impose a severe minimum prison sentence of seven years for offences under the Act; and they increase the maximum penalty for offences under the law from ten to 14 years' imprisonment.
Provisions of the original ICT Act, particularly section 57, are also incompatible with Bangladesh's obligations under Article 19 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), which Bangladesh ratified on 6 September 2000: the offences prescribed are vague and overbroad; the restrictions imposed on freedom of opinion and expression go beyond what is permissible under Article 19(3) of the ICCPR; and the restrictions are not necessary and proportional to achieve a legitimate purpose.
“The overbroad, vaguely defined offences combined with disproportionate penalties stifle public discourse, especially any criticism of the Government,” Zarifi added. “With elections coming up, it is crucial to defend the right to freely express opinions and exchange views—something the ICT Act seeks to restrict.”
Mahmudur Rahman, acting editor of a Bengali newspaper critical of the Government, has also been arbitrarily detained under the Act for publishing transcripts of a Skype conversation between former International Crimes Tribunal Chairman, Justice Muhammad Nizamul Huq, and a Bangladeshi legal expert, Ahmed Ziauddin.
The records revealed information casting doubt on the independence of the International Crimes Tribunal.
Four bloggers (photo), Asif Mohiuddin, Subrata Adhikari Shuvo, Moshiur Rahman Biplob and Rasel Parvez, are also facing trial under section 57 of the ICT Act for allegedly making derogatory comments about Islam and ‘hurting' religious sentiment.
“The amended ICT Act reflects a further attack on the rule of law and respect for human rights in Bangladesh,” said Zarifi. “The Government must immediately take steps to either repeal the Act or to modify it in line with international law and standards.”
Contact:
Sam Zarifi, ICJ Asia-Pacific Regional Director, (Bangkok), t: +66 807819002; email: sam.zarifi(a)icj.org
Ben Schonveld, ICJ South Asia Director, (Kathmandu), t: +977 14432651; email: ben.schonveld(a)icj.org
Reema Omer, ICJ International Legal Advisor, (Lahore), t: +923214968434; email: reema.omer(a)icj.org
Bangladesh-ICT Brief -Advocacy-Analysis brief-2013 (full text in pdf)
This is very limited to one incidence at this time.
LAS VEGAS — Police here are looking for two men who allegedly robbed a man while posing as Mormon missionaries.
On June 27 at approximately 6:20 a.m., two men wearing white shirts, ties, dark pants and backpacks were "soliciting door-to-door" when they came to a man's residence near the corner of Flamingo and Buffalo streets, Las Vegas Metro Police officer Larry Hadfield said. The duo said they wanted "to speak to them about religion," they said.
Hadfield said they didn't know what exact words were exchanged or if the fake missionaries used the words "LDS" or "Mormon," but investigators believe, based on the victim's statement, that was who they were trying to impersonate.
"That was how the victim described them as how they represented themselves," they said.
After talking to the phony missionaries for five minutes, the victim was "jumped and punched," held at gunpoint and robbed, police stated.
The homeowner had a home surveillance system on the outside of their house and was able to give pictures of the alleged attackers to authorities.
Police were looking for a white man in their early to mid-20s, about 5 feet 7 inches tall and 145 pounds, and a black man about the same age, between 5-foot-10 and 6-foot-1, and 210 pounds.
As of Tuesday, Hadfield said there had been no other reported incidents of men posing as missionaries to rob residents.
"This is very limited to one incidence at this time," they said.
Detectives believe the victim was selected at random. Hadfield urged residents to use caution around any stranger who comes to their doors, whether they claim to be missionaries, salespeople or collecting for charities.
"If anyone were to have someone come early or late soliciting anything, (I would encourage you) to be very cautious," Hadfield said. "It would not be out of bounds or intrusive to ask for an employee ID or any religious ID those persons would have."
Hadfield encouraged residents not to let anyone into their homes they didn't feel comfortable with. A red flag in this case should have been the time of day the fake missionaries showed up at the door, they said.
As for stooping to impersonate missionaries to rob someone, Hadfield said, "I'm not surprised by much anymore."
Kristen Howey, an spokesperson for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Nevada, released a brief statement Tuesday.
"We are saddened by this senseless crime. Thankfully, impersonating missionaries is very rare," they said.
Anyone with information on the men can call police at 702-828-3591.
Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam
Nottingham Forest have appointed Philippe Montanier as their new head coach
Nottingham Forest have appointed Frenchman Philippe Montanier as their new head coach on a two-year contract.
Montanier, 51, has previously coached French club Rennes and La Liga's Real Sociedad.
A former goalkeeper, they made over 300 appearances for clubs including Toulouse, Nantes and Saint-Etienne.
Their first job in coaching was with Boulogne in 2004, and in their final season in charge they guided them to the French top flight - Ligue 1 - for the first time in their history.
They moved to Valenciennes before switching to Spain with Sociedad in 2011. They finished fourth in their first season and qualified for the Champions League.
They returned to France in 2013 to join Rennes, winning the Coupe de France final in 2014.
Montanier has signed a two-year deal
Forest sacked predecessor Dougie Freedman in March and appointed first-team coach Paul Williams as caretaker-boss until the end of the season.
Freedman, who had lost five of their last six games in charge to leave the club in 14th place in the Championship, had replaced Stuart Pearce in February 2015.
Forest fans had grown frustrated over the uncertainty surrounding Freedman's successor, prompting chairperson Fawaz Al Hasawi to issue a statement reassuring them the process was in hand earlier this month.
A College of William & Mary student group is hosting an “Abortion Speak-Out” for students to share their abortion stories to “end the stigma” and “build power, solidarity, and empathy.”
W&M Vox: Voices for Planned Parenthood will be hosting its third annual “Abortion Speak-Out” on February 28, and is currently soliciting submissions of abortion stories on the official university event calendar.
“The silence and stigma surrounding [abortion] is deafening.”
The event description encourages cisgender, transgender, and genderqueer students to help end the “stigma” surrounding abortions by sharing their story at the Speak-Out, asserting that “although 1 in 3 people, including cisgender women, transgender folk, and genderqueer individuals, will have an abortion in their lifetime, the silence & stigma surrounding the procedure is deafening.”
[RELATED: Marquette feminists condemn Church's ‘oppressive' pro-life stance]
Students are also told that their stories can be uplifting and provide a memorial for the “too many people we've lost” to unsafe abortions, saying that “sharing stories is a powerful way to uplift the voices of people who have had abortions & remember the too many people we've lost due to unsafe procedures in areas where it is inaccessible.”
The submission form further explains that abortion stories can “build power, solidarity, and empathy,” although the form clarifies that students can feel free to share either their own or a loved one's story (with permission). VOX does not require students to actually submit their story prior to the event in order to register.
“W&M VOX: Voices for Planned Parenthood” is a registered student organization and thus receives a small amount of funding from the university, though it is primarily sponsored by the Planned Parenthood Action Fund and other pro-Planned Parenthood groups around the country.
Co-President Taylor Medley told Campus Reform that VOX only receives university funding for the general costs of printing flyers, and that the Abortion Speak-Out is a zero-cost event.
Medley reiterated that the intention of the event is to end the stigma surrounding the abortion because “everyone knows someone who has had an abortion” whether that experience was” positive or negative.”
[RELATED: CSUSM email calls pro-life display ‘disturbing and offensive']
“We allow all people to share their abortion experiences—whether those experiences are positive or negative,” Medley explained. “We want to show folks that abortion is a complicated, deeply personal issue that impacts people in our community.”
Campus Reform reached out to WIlliam & Mary for comment but did not receive a response by press time.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
Turkey has recalled its ambassador to Austria amid a growing spat between the two countries, state-run "Anatolia News Agency" reported on Monday.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu (pictured) accused Austria at a press conference of being a center of racism and Islamophobia that supports Kurdish terrorist groups, adding Turkey would "review its relations" with Austria.
"Unfortunately, the foundation for our bilateral relations and cooperation to continue as normal has disappeared," Cavusoglu said.
Turkey also summoned the Austrian charge d'affaires to the foreign ministry in Ankara.
The two countries have been in a tit-for-tat dispute in the weeks following the failed coup attempt in Turkey last month.
In the wake of the coup, senior Austrian officials have criticized the state of democracy and massive purges in Turkey , while saying Turkey's EU accession should be halted.
In Ankara, such statements have been interpreted as a lack of support for a democratically elected government.
"During the coup and afterward, instead of supporting Turkey they have done the exact opposite," Cavusoglu said.
Cavusoglu also slammed a prohibition on pro-democracy protests by Turks in Austria, noting that authorities had allowed pro-Kurdish demonstrations against Turkey.
Kurdish protestors rallied on Saturday in Vienna calling for freedom for imprisoned PKK leader Abdullah Ocalan.
There have been a number of recent demonstrations in Vienna organized by Kurdish organizations against Turkey, which have led to clashes with Turkish nationalists.
Turkey says the protests are organized by Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) supporters, which the EU and Turkey considers a terrorist organization.
Another row was sparked recently when a news ticker headline at the Vienna airport said Turkey allowed sex with children under the age of 15, a claim Ankara strongly denied. That prompted Turkey to summon the Austrian charge d'affaires to the foreign ministry.
Artist's impression of NASA's New Horizons spacecraft encountering a Pluto-like object in the distant Kuiper Belt. NASA announced on Aug. 28, 2015, that it had selected 2014 MU69 as its first choice for the probe's secondary mission.
NASA's New Horizons probe, which flew past Pluto last month, now has a second target to aim for.
The New Horizons team has selected an object named 2014 MU69, which lies roughly 1 billion miles (1.6 billion kilometers) beyond Pluto, as the next target for up-close study by the spacecraft, NASA announced today (Aug. 28).
However, the space agency still must officially approve a New Horizons mission extension for the second flyby to take place in 2019. [Destination Pluto: NASA's New Horizons Mission in Pictures]
"Even as the New Horizons spacecraft speeds away from Pluto out into the Kuiper Belt, and the data from the exciting encounter with this new world is being streamed back to Earth, we are looking outward to the next destination for this intrepid explorer," John Grunsfeld, chief of the NASA Science Mission Directorate, said in a statement.
The $720 million New Horizons probe traveled for nearly 10 years and 3 billion miles (4.8 billion km) to reach Pluto and its moons, becoming the first mission to study the dwarf planet system up close. It will take roughly 16 months for the probe to beam home all the data it collected during the encounter.
The successful July 14 flyby already ensures that New Horizons will go down in history as a roaring success, but the odds are good that the spacecraft will be collecting more data in the future. NASA commonly approves mission extensions for spacecraft that have finished their primary objective and are still in good working order.
Still, the New Horizons team must submit an extension proposal to NASA that will "be evaluated by an independent team of experts before NASA can decide about the go-ahead," the statement said.
Artist's impression of NASA's New Horizons spacecraft encountering a Pluto-like object in the distant Kuiper Belt. NASA announced on Aug. 28, 2015, that it had selected 2014 MU69 as its first choice for the probe's secondary mission. (Image: © NASA/JHUAPL/SwRI/Alex Parker)
That proposal is due in 2016, but the New Horizons team must start planning for an encounter with 2014 MU69 right away. The team will execute a series of four maneuvers in October and November of this year to put the probe on a path to encounter the new object. Any later course corrections will require more fuel and "add mission risk," the statement said. If the extension is approved, the probe is expected to reach 2014 MU69 on Jan. 1, 2019.
Alan Stern, principal investigator for New Horizons at the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder, Colorado, called 2014 MU69 a "great choice," for the secondary mission. Discovered in 2014 by the Hubble Space Telescope, scientists estimate it is just under 30 miles (48 km) in diameter, or between 0.5 and 1 percent the size of Pluto.
In 2014, Hubble identified five objects that New Horizons could potentially reach after its encounter with Pluto. The list was later narrowed down to two prime candidates, including 2014 MU69.
The Kuiper Belt is a largely unexplored region of the solar system; NASA's twin Voyager probes passed through it, but did not make close encounters with any objects, including Pluto. Scientists believe objects in the Kuiper Belt have remained largely unchanged since the formation of the solar system 4.6 billion years ago, and may therefore serve as a kind of time capsule, containing clues about the formation of Earth and its cosmic family.
Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield.Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Spending time at a museum, garden, or a special cultural attraction is a great way to learn about a new subject or a city you're visiting. With some admission prices tipping the scales at $20, the costs of being curious can add up — especially if you've got a family in tow.
That's why the always-free-entry policy at Smithsonian museums in Washington, D.C. is such a great draw. Once a year, Smithsonian Magazine hosts "Museum Day Live!," an event in which more than 1000 museums across the country waive admission for anyone who downloads a free ticket. In the process, visitors can save themselves anywhere between $10 and 25 per person, depending on the location.
This year's event takes place on Saturday, September 23, and includes large and small museums in all 50 states. Visitors are permitted to download one ticket, which grants access to the ticketholder and a guest. A full list of participating venues, including many with special events planned for the day, can be found on the Smithsonian's website.
CNBC took a look at some of the more than 1,300 participating museums.
A version of this article appears in ESPN The Magazine's NFL Preview Issue. Subscribe here!
The premise for the following exercise was simple: Assemble the best possible 53-man NFL roster under the salary cap, using each player's 2015 cap charge. I tried not to just pick the best players available based on the money, but to find players within each position group and unit who could complement each other. I wanted a balanced offense, a 4-3 defense and a roster that could hold up on special teams as well.
I followed two rules: No rookies, and stay under the NFL's $143,280,000 salary cap. In certain instances, I chose to move players out of their natural positions because I felt like it meshed with this roster's strengths. Representatives from 27 teams are included -- the Cowboys and Bills led the way with four picks each, while the Patriots, Saints, Buccaneers, Titans and 49ers got shut out.
Without further ado, the best NFL roster $142,383,980 can buy.
(I put asterisks next to the players who would start for this team in Week 1.)
Quarterback
Andrew Luck led the NFL with 40 touchdowns in 2014. AP Photo/Jeff Roberson
*Andrew Luck, Indianapolis Colts ($7,034,363): This will likely be the last year I can afford Luck on my ultimate roster, as he's due to get a massive deal next offseason. But for now, with the 20th-highest cap hit among quarterbacks, he's a no-brainer to be my starter.
Brendon is a Private Admissions Counselor who is hired by the Hastings to help Spencer get into a good college. While they waited for Spencer at The Brew, Emily took the opportunity to talk to them about my options.
Spencer would arrive and insist that they visit Cicero College, along with Emily, as a "safety school." They and the girls later visit the college and Spencer tells Emily to distract Brendon so that they can find where inside the sorority house the number that Tippi sang came from. Emily would admit that they actually wanted to visit the Sorority Sisters for a chance at a scholarship instead of seeing where the number came from. Later, Brendon makes a move on Emily while she's looking for Spencer but they tell them that they have a girlfriend and Brendon looks disappointed. They offer to help them look for Spencer anyway but Emily politely declines.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Low-skilled British youth have more difficulty to enter the labour market more than any other Western country, an OECD report that was released this week revealed. The report, OECD Skills Outlook, an annual survey measuring skills and employability of the youth highlighted that young Britons who are not in education, employment or training (NEETs) struggle with literacy and numeracy skills. The literacy gap between the NEETs and employed youth in Britain (12.6 percent) was around double the OECD average (6.5 percent) whereas in some countries like Korea this figure was as low as 1.2 percent.
“Addressing this issue is not only a moral imperative, but also an economic necessity,” said Angel Gurría, said OECD Secretary-General, who launched this report in Berlin.
Advertisement
“Too many young people leave education without having acquired the right skills and, even those who do, are prevented from putting them to productive use. These young people often face a difficult future and need all our support,” they added.
The report suggested British government to step up and “concentrate on helping the NEETs to re-engage with education or the labour market.”
Last week, office of National Statistics announced that the number of the young people out of education, employment or training is at its lowest in the last 10 years. However one in eight people aged between 16 and 24 still classify as NEET.
According to Amy Lalla, director of Let Me Play, an organisation running educational programmes for deprived youth and NEETs, key to bridge the skill gap is to understand that some young people have different needs and to intervene early.
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
“Not having adequate numeracy and literacy skills directly locks many young people out of labour market. Many of these people didn't get along with traditional school on the first place, and not having these skills disengage them even further,” they told Blasting News.
The newest findings indeed reveal that 56 percent of the NEETs consider themselves as “inactive”, as they reported that they are not seeking for employment.
“We should not wait until young people become NEETs to intervene. If we are to intervene early, there are easy-wins to be made,” Lalla added.
Similarly, "Policies should focus on helping the NEETs, including those who have become disengaged, to renew with education or integrate into the labour market," OECD Skills Outlook 2015 noted.
Advertisement
Youth unemployment and underemployment has long-lasting consequences on both individual and country levels, as one recent study found that one in six NEETs die within 10 years of leaving the school.
Hence, the report highlighted that youth unemployment must be tackled with a holistic approach. It called education organisations, the labour market, tax and social institutions, employer and employee organisations, and parents and young people themselves to incorporate flexible and responsible solutions for youth unemployment.
OECD's suggestions for investment priorities are to be discussed next week in Paris, at a forum with the theme “Investing in People”, on 2 – 3 June.
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) in a new book writes that President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE once compared the cost of running for the White House to buying a yacht, but said it would be "a lot more fun."
In an excerpt from “Understanding Trump” published by ABC News, Gingrich, a Trump confidant, describes a January 2015 exchange in which Trump asked what “the bottom line” would be if they were to launch a bid. Gingrich recalls telling Trump that they could competitively enter the race for about $70 million to 80 million, according to the excerpt.
ADVERTISEMENT
“His response was priceless. After a moment of thought, they said, ‘$70 to 80 million: that would be a yacht. This would be a lot more fun than a yacht!'" Gingrich writes.
"That's when Callista and I learned that a Trump candidacy was likely—and a Trump presidency was possible," Gingrich added, referring to their wife.
Trump would enter the presidential race several months later, announcing their bid in June from Trump Tower in New York City.
Gingrich also recalled a conversation they had with Trump after their primary victory in the South Carolina, where Trump said they spent less than Gingrich's suggested amount.
“'By the way, I know you said I needed to spend eighty million but I've only spent thirty million. I feel kind of bad,'” Gingrich quotes Trump as saying.
A BLIND man told a court yesterday that they fulfilled their lifelong ambition of driving a car – but crashed it minutes after getting behind the wheel.
Paul Keatings, 42, took to the road for the first time in a powerful Subaru Impreza while out with a friend.
Keatings, who is registered blind and uses a white stick, drove for less than a mile in New Lanark before an eyewitness claimed they came within inches of knocking down a pedestrian.
Their journey came to a halt moments later when they smashed into a roadside boulder at the entrance to the New Lanark Mill Hotel in the World Heritage village, Lanark Sheriff Court heard.
Keatings was charged with driving dangerously through blindness after the incident in May and appeared at Lanark Sheriff Court yesterday.
They also admitted driving without insurance and with only a provisional licence, which they gained before they turned almost completely blind due to a congenital eye condition that developed when they were in their late twenties.
Their friend Brian Gillon, 33, whose father's car was the vehicle involved, admitted allowing a person unfit through blindness to drive the car and permitting a person with no insurance to drive the car.
Yesterday, Keatings, of Wishaw, Lanarkshire, told the court that realising their motoring dream ended in disaster.
They said: “I used to have a provisional licence and driving has always been a lifelong dream. When my friend suggested I give it a try, I jumped at the chance.
“He drives a Subaru, which is the same model as the rally driver Colin McRae famously drove. They had one hand on the steering wheel and the other on the hand-brake. I had both hands on the steering wheel.
“I felt safe enough, because I was going slow and my friend had their hand on the wheel and was telling me where to go. But the next thing I knew we had hit a huge rock.
“I was shaken up and was just glad no-one had been hurt,” they said. “I know it was a really silly thing to do, and I'm sorry for what I've done.”
Keatings' sight has deteriorated badly in recent years and they are now able only to discern “vague shadows”.
They added: “I have Leber's disease, which is a hereditary condition passed down from my mum's side. I started going blind when I was 28, and within a month I'd almost completely lost my sight. I can still make out the outlines of shadows from the side, though.”
The court heard that at around 3pm on 25 May visitors to New Lanark noticed a car being driven erratically down the hill towards the centre of the village, swerving across the road and nearly hitting a pedestrian.
The car then careered into one of the boulders at the side of the entrance gates to the hotel, where it was captured by CCTV cameras.
The court also heard that Mr Gillon had to help Keatings to steer the vehicle during the brief journey.
Deferring sentence until next month for background reports, Sheriff Nikola Stewart said: “I need to know what on earth caused these people to behave in this utterly ridiculous manner.
“It was an utterly lethal thing to do. They couldn't steer and they couldn't brake.”
The Christmas spirit has customers "paying it forward" at a Newington Starbucks drive-thru. (Published Sunday, Dec. 29, 2013)
Nearly 1,500 customers "paid it forward" at a Connecticut Starbucks this week, footing the bill for the drivers behind them in line at the drive-thru window.
The days-long initiative came to a close around 6 p.m. Saturday when a customer broke the chain of holiday cheer that had been ongoing since early Christmas Eve, according to a Starbucks employee.
In total, 1,468 customers paid for each other's drinks at the Starbucks on the Berlin Turnpike in Newington, Conn.
On the first day, more than 300 customers had "paid it forward" by the time the store closed at 8 p.m.
Patrons kept the good cheer going Christmas Day, and then again throughout the week.
“It was a nice surprise we were just going to get some drinks and go home,” said customer Kaitlyn Willametz, who "paid it forward" on Christmas Eve.
Willametz said it was a generous gesture that they hadn't expected from a stranger. They returned the favor by picking up the tab for the next person in line.
"It means a lot people are still looking out for other people and being caring and bringing out the holiday spirit,” they explained.
“It feels so good," said another customer, Cathy Shemeth. "It's awesome. That's what Christmas is all about."
Starbucks employees said they hope the initiative will continue when Christmas comes around next year.
The NFL free agency window wasn't open for but a few minutes and the Patriots were already hot on the trail for some wide receiver depth.
With Wes Welker‘s future in New England still very much up in the air, the Patriots are apparently in hot pursuit of Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Cribbs. The Patriots are currently the front-runners for the versatile playmaker, according to Mary Kay Cabot of the Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Cribbs, 29, is a decent receiver with great speed and vision downfield. They made their initial debut as a kick return specialist and 2005 and has developed a reputation as a playmaker both in the return game and on the offensive side of the ball. They have eight kick returns for touchdowns and three punt returns in their eight-year career.
After setting career highs in 2011 with 41 catches for 518 yards and four scores, Cribbs struggled mightily last season. In 2012, Cribbs was unable to assert themselves on offense, catching just seven passes for 63 yards and not scoring a single touchdown. Their versatility and abilities as a special teamer do make them an intriguing option, though, and Tom Brady would likely enjoy having a new weapon in their arsenal.
Have a question for Luke Hughes? Send it to them via Twitter at @LukeFHughes or send it here.
Love for mehendi is eternal. I love henna aka mehndi and I'm sure you do too! Its fragrance is absolutely divine. You all must be knowing, mehandi ceremony is an important Indian marriage ritual. Bridal mehndi is of immense importance. As you have already guessed by the title, today I'm talking all about Mehndi Designs, types of mehendi and current mehndi trends.
There are actually various types of mehndi designs but nowadays the latest hype is around new mehndi trends such as tattoo mehendi, color mehendi, decorative stone mehendi and what not! These are less time consuming and best part? You needn't be worried about the deep color!
Though it's said the richer color the bridal mehndi imparts, the deeper would be the love of in-laws. 😉 Don't tell me you haven't heard this before from your mom or aunt!
Without any further ado, let's get started and make sure to share your favorite henna design with me in comment below. 🙂
There are literally many different types and variations of mehandi i.e. henna. More choices, you see! Few of which are quite popular due to their stunning design and fine work.
1) Indian – Mehendi is an old traditional marriage custom. Mehendi has its origin in India. The Indian Mehandi Design is elegant and gorgeous. It consists of peacocks and other interesting patterns which I personally love.
The mehndi designs are complex pattern of peacocks, flowers, along with various unique curls and curves. Indian custom and traditions can be very well recognized from the mere henna art. Yup, Incredible India!
Don't Miss:
•Top 5 Affordable & Smudge Proof Kajal in India
• NYX Butter Lipstick Thunderstorm Review & Swatches
2) Arabic – The Arabic Mehndi Design is captivating and pretty. Arabic style of applying henna is quite ‘flowing' in nature. This very flow is the uniqueness of the Arabic mehndi design. The flow is continuous and well blended to provide a touch of elegance through petite design.
Most of the designs comprise of beautiful patterns of leaves, vines, and flowers. These are quite dense in nature. Arabic henna art depicts the nature and hence you can recognize it by looking out for leaves, flower patterns and similar creativity.
3) Indo Arabic – As the name suggests, it's a combination of Indian and Arabic mehendi design. It has the best of both, making it one of the high rated and sought design, especially during Indian weddings.
In Indo Arabic mehendi design, you can discover peacocks beautifully interleaved with vines and leaves. Remix is the way to go, Ha!
•Japanese Konjac Sponge for fighting off Blackhead & Whitehead? You bet!
•5 Effective Ways to Remove Blackhead That Actually Work
4) Pakistani – Pakistani mehndi designs are very detailed and intricate, not to forget how graceful they actually are! But they do consume a lot of time in application. It is composed of fine fillings and has a very few left over space.
So hey! If you're going for Pakistani mehendi design, make sure to be patient and cool. Come on, you don't wanna ruin your mehndi art, right?
5)Glitter and Color Mehendi are quite popular nowadays. These are funky ways to add more charm and cuteness to otherwise simple, plain mehendi.
Colorful glitters and rhinestones are added to oomph the glamour factor. Teenagers and the new generation prefer these as they save you time and it's ‘in'!
Apart from color mehndi and glitter one, tattoo and sticker Mehndi are becoming a huge rage too. Super quick to do and pretty as you!
6)Bridal Mehndi Design are especially designed for the brides, to make them stand out of the crowd. Bridal mehndi designs are quite gorgeous and beautiful. Mehendi is not only a traditional custom but also a cool way to beautify your hands and feet.
Bridal mehndi is specially curated for the brides to be. It's applied to palms, hands and upper arms. Mehndi is considered to be good charm and hence the tradition is dated a long back.
Scientifically, mehndi provides cooling sensation and keeps the nervousness brides tend to have, at bay. Moreover, it looks lovely indeed.
Mehndi is apt for every ceremony and party. It adds a touch of tradition and glamour, so it's a win-win situation! 😉
I like mehendi way too much and also keep on practicing (read ruining! :p) on others. But I have got some of mine creations, which I'm glad to share with you. 😀
I know you liked these! Please say yes! LOL 😀
That's all about mehendi design, types and latest mehndi trends.
Which one you liked the most? Why? I'm all ears! Pop up in comment right now. 😀
Image source: Pinterest
See ya!
xo
Rita Cleary said that the 19-year-old had suffered mental and emotional problems since early childhood and attempted to take their own life at the age of 10.
They said their son, who was first excluded from school at the age of five, lived as a virtual recluse in their bedroom at the family's bungalow in Wickford, Essex.
They had been “obsessed” with the internet and left their bedroom only to use the bathroom, according to Mrs Cleary.
They told how they would leave their meals on a tray outside their door and was admitted inside only to clean the room once a week.
The teenager had been diagnosed with ADHD, agrophobia and Emotional Behaviour Disorder, they said.
As a child they had been “completely fearless” and unable to grasp the consequences of their actions, sometimes jumping into the path of traffic or even starting fires in the house, they added.
Mrs Cleary revealed that Ryan had threatened to slit their wrists when they attempted to stop them accessing the internet and believe it was real as they had attempted to take their life before..
They said had not been outside since Christmas and was concerned how they would be coping. They said they could not believe they were a criminal mastermind.
Mrs Cleary, who has bipolar disorder, spoke to the Daily Mail, as their son was charged with carrying out a series of hacks.
“I might have been able to do more to protect my baby,” they said.
The teenager is due in court accused of attacking the website of the Serious Organised Crime Agency (Soca).
Mr Cleary has also been charged with bringing down the websites of the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), in November last year, and the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) in October last year.
Their comments came as a friend told the The Sun how the teenager used to inhale lighter fuel.
The teenager's 22-year-old half brother, Mitchell, added: “He's not some kind of criminal mastermind ... he's just a boy.”
It is understood that US investigators are looking into whether Mr Cleary may have been involved in activities in America including a cyberattack on Facebook.
FBI investigators who had been tracking the activities of LulzSec, the international hacking ring, are investigating whether Mr Cleary might have targeted the social networking site which has 500 million users around the world.
They are also looking into suspected attacks on the computer systems of the CIA, the US Senate and Sony.
Mr Cleary is charged with a string of cyberattacks on UK-based websites, but police sources said the investigation into attacks on foreign networks was “ongoing”.
Facebook refused to be drawn on whether anyone had managed to hack into its website or access any of its users' profiles, many of which contain private information which can only be seen by selected friends.
A spokesperson for the California-based firm said it had a regular “dialogue” with the FBI but “would not comment on individual cases”.
Asked whether Facebook had been successfully hacked by anyone, the spokesperson said: “We just don't comment on things like this and we don't go into details.”
The multi-billion dollar social networking site has had to increase security recently to deal with an increasing number of attempted attacks by hackers.
Even if Mr Cleary is tried and convicted of crimes in the UK, they could still face extradition to the US, as the FBI, which was the driving force behind their arrest, want to question them themselves.
Their mother has said that, given their vulnerable state, any attempt to extradite them to the US would be like “putting a noose around their neck”.
The case has parallels with that of Gary McKinnon, the Asperger's sufferer who has been fighting extradition to the US for six years accused of hacking into the Pentagon IT systems.
Karen Todner, Mr McKinnon's solicitor, said they hoped the Foreign Office would have “learned lessons” from their client's case, and that Mr Cleary would be dealt with in the UK.
Anil Rajani, an extradition law expert at IBB Solicitors, said Mr Cleary, would have a strong case for fighting extradition on human rights grounds.
“There would appear to be medical grounds for an appeal against any attempt to extradite him.
“His age and their human rights under the European Convention would also be part of the argument.”
Mr Cleary was arrested at their family home on Monday in a joint operation by Scotland Yard and the FBI.
They will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court later.
Editor's note: Ken Epps of Project Ploughshares has written a summary on the newly released report, the Export of Military Goods from Canada, 2012-2013. They will being doing a more detailed report for their organization in the new year.
By Ken Epps, Defence Watch Guest writer
At $1.04 billion, the total value of military goods exported by Canada in 2012 is the largest ever reported since official documentation began in 1991. The value for 2013, at $681 million, is significantly above the median value for annual exports of military goods.
As with all prior reports, the value of exports of military goods to the U.S. is not included in the report for both 2012 and 2013. Past reports have noted that Canadian military sales to the U.S. were likely equal to, or exceeded, sales to all other states combined, although the government was unable to report a U.S total because military exports to the U.S do not require permits. No such comment is included in the 2012-2013 report, likely because of the unprecedented total for 2012. The U.S. may remain the largest market for Canadian military goods, but 2012 may also mark a waning of the Pentagon's singular importance for the Canadian arms industry.
Saudi Arabia was the largest reported purchaser of Canadian military goods for both 2012 and 2013, receiving $422.3-million and $152.8 million in each year respectively, a total of over $575-million for the two years. Shipments of “ground vehicles and components” dominated Saudi sales, with a combined total of nearly $529-million for the two years or about 92 per cent of all exports to Saudi Arabia. Based on recent media and industry reports, it is likely that most, if not all, of the ground vehicles shipped to Saudi Arabia were armoured vehicles built by General Dynamics Land Systems Canada (GDLS Canada) in London, Ontario.
As a region, the Middle East received the largest portion by value of Canada's military exports in 2012. The regional total exceeded $704-million, more than three times the value of military exports to NATO countries ($217-million) for that year. The Middle East remained a significant recipient in 2013, receiving a total of almost $172-million, compared to a NATO total of almost $292-million.
The Middle East, and Saudi Arabia in particular, are likely to remain major recipients of Canadian arms for years to come. Multi-year contracts for the supply of armoured vehicles to Saudi Arabia announced by GDLS Canada in February totaled almost $15-billion, suggesting future annual mean values of $1-billion over more than a decade. It is possible that, in the near term at least, Saudi Arabia will rival or even replace the U.S. as Canada's largest arms customer and the Middle East – the world's most heavily-armed and arguably most unstable region — will become the most economically important to the Canadian arms industry.
Meanwhile, the latest report reveals troubling exports of Canadian military goods to several states suffering armed conflict or where there were major human rights concerns. For the two years of the report, these included Afghanistan, Algeria, Egypt, India, Israel, Libya, Mexico, Nigeria, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Thailand and Turkey.
Ken Epps, Policy Advisor on the Arms Trade Treaty, Project Ploughshares
Remember a few years ago, when online services were going to slay the anti-consumer demons of DirecTV, Time Warner, and Comcast? Here in 2017, the market for cord-cutting, streaming TV looks a lot more bleak. And thanks to confusing and expensive channel lineups, weird sports restrictions, and more and more exclusive content, the situation isn't going to get better any time soon.
“Packages” Are Alive and Well
The bane of satellite and cable TV is the bundled channel package. If you want any of the more desirable extra channels on cable, you need to subscribe to a bunch of others as well, inevitably including at least some (and sometimes most) channels you don't actually watch. This business model doesn't just let cable companies charge more for what you're not watching, it actually enables those less-watched channels to exist in the first place.
That idea is very much alive for streaming services. PlayStation Vue, Sling TV, DirecTV Now—all of them rely on a bundle system, hiding some of the most watched channels in the country and time-critical premiums like sports channels behind higher tiers. (And why wouldn't they? The latter two are streaming services created by satellite TV providers!)
Thankfully, the lack of hardware, installation, and service charges and extended contracts means that online-only TV is still cheaper and more flexible than cable. But it's more similar than most people were hoping for.
Local Channels Are a Mess…
Just like cable and satellite, your physical location determines which local channels you have access to with streaming services. But it's not as simple as that, because not all local stations are available on all the services. And when those services do have agreements with ABC, CBS, FOX, and NBC at the national level…the independently-owned and franchised local stations that actually deliver over-the-air signals might not be cooperating with the digital streaming system.
Things get even more complicated on the customer side of the equation. When trying out YouTube TV, I was able to access CBS, FOX, and NBC (but not ABC) from the app on my phone, which determined based on my GPS location that the web of licenses and agreements allowed me to watch those networks. But when I logged on to YouTube TV on my home computer, the location determination used my IP address….which shows a location more than a hundred miles away, in another city and market. Suddenly I can't watch any local networks on my larger computer screen.
CBS, while being a big part of the problem in other areas (see the Exclusive Shows section, below), has the right idea here. The CBS All Access service has a centralized system that lets you watch CBS wherever you are…well, sort of. There are still problems with local licensing. When I tried to watch Jeopardy on CBS All Access, like I can over-the-air, my computer's IP address meant that CBS thought I was in another coverage area where the syndicated show is licensed elsewhere. No do doo do theme song for me. All of these channels rely primarily on advertising for income—the more people watch, the more money they make—so why don't they have a unified national stream that you can access? Offering that stream with commercials for free or without commercials for pay would seem to be an obvious solution.
Surprisingly, the best example of a local network getting it right might be The CW. While The CW isn't even offered on most combined streaming systems, and it doesn't offer any decentralized live stream, the company does put every single one of its shows online the following day for free. No week delay, no compulsory cable log-ins, just the shows you want to watch with the commercials that the network needs. CBS and Warner Bros. own the CW, so why can't they learn from its example?
…And So Are Sports
RELATED: The Cheapest Ways to Stream NFL Football (Without Cable)
Trying to get all, or even most, of any major American sport on a single cord-cutting plan is an exercise in frustration. Check out our cord-cutting guides for pro football, college football, baseball, and hockey fans—they're Gordian knots of agreements, regional channels, and national services. And of course, if you're trying to watch sports and other scheduled shows, you're only making things harder on yourself. As I said in my college football streaming guide, if you want the best options for live sports, cable or satellite is the only real practical choice.
And even if you do manage to find a service (or multiple services) that covers all the bases (heh) for your sport of choice, you might find that it isn't as simple as that. Local channels and ESPN are offered on every major streaming service, but trying to those apps on your phone or tablet to watch NFL games results in something like this:
That's because in the US, only Verizon is allowed to broadcast live NFL games to mobile devices through its exclusive app. (And funnily enough, that screenshot is from a Verizon phone!) If you access the game from your PC or a set-top streaming box like Roku, or even send the signal you can't see on your phone to your TV via something like Chromecast, it magically becomes accessible again.
RELATED: How to Get HD TV Channels for Free (Without Paying for Cable)
We've got an example of good behavior here as well: Major League Baseball. The MLB.tv service allows both an all-you-can-eat plan (around $110 a year) and a single team option ($88 a year) that lets baseball fans watch games on all devices, including the web, smartphones, tablets, set-top boxes, smart TVs, and game consoles. They'd probably make an MLB.tv app for smart fridges if anyone asked. But even in this shining example of connected premium sports, there's a dark spot: local games broadcast on local channels aren't included due to blackout restrictions, and require resorting to an over-the-air antenna.
Sports generate hundreds of billions of dollars in revenue for US broadcasters, and they're not going to stop jealously guarding their various pieces of that pie any time soon.
Exclusive Shows Are Forcing Multiple Purchases
Netflix got an early start on the online streaming boom, and quickly used its revenue to develop exclusive, premium shows like House of Cards and Daredevil. Most of the services that started online are now following in their footsteps: Hulu (The Handmaid's Tale, The Path), and Amazon Prime (Transparent, The Man in the High Castle).
That's all to be expected…Netflix and Amazon need original content to compete with live cable TV. But now conventional broadcast networks are starting to siphon off their content from both streaming services and broadcast or cable customers, by making their own walled gardens. CBS is dropping the first volley by making its new Star Trek: Discovery series exclusive to CBS All Access streaming (at least in the United States). Warner Bros. is working on a superhero-focused streaming service of its own, which will have exclusive rights to a new Teen Titans live action series, among others. And Disney is ramping up its production muscles for a service that will launch sometime in 2019, presumably including new original content, but which will also gradually move all Disney/Marvel/Star Wars properties to its in-house service.
RELATED: The Cheapest Way to Stream TV: Rotate Your Subscriptions
In short, the competition for both new, original productions and the rights to older TV and movie content is getting vicious. The streaming libraries of services like Amazon, Netflix, and Hulu are in constant flux, generally shrinking as rights-holders gather as much content as they can into their own collections. Getting a wider selection of content now required multiple subscriptions…further eroding the economic advantages of streaming services versus cable (unless you rotate your subscriptions, which is a decent-if-annoying workaround).
The crazy thing is, cable customers aren't getting any benefit from this battle: they're just paying companies more to not broadcast new shows on their expensive contract plans.
There's Still No À La Carte Option, and There Probably Won't Be
And here's the biggest insult from streaming TV services: after decades of customers begging for a channel-by-channel subscription option, and even after falsely presenting themselves as à la carte (looking at you, Sling TV), streaming services are still not à la carte.
For clarity's sake, à la carte means paying only for the channels you want to, no more, no less. None of the current streaming options offer this: not PlayStation Vue, not DirecTV NOW, not Hulu or YouTube's live TV options, and absolutely not Sling TV. The biggest anti-consumer sin in cable's long, long naughty list is not being addressed by streaming TV services, and it's unlikely to change, since most of them are still operated by some of the same interests.
There are exceptions, of course. HBO and Showtime both offer a cable-free payment option for their content, and the nature of their broadcasts mean that they don't need a live stream option. Amazon, Hulu, and Netflix offer relatively cheap access to their core libraries, which don't operate as conventional channels anyway.
But the sad state of things is that pay TV customers now have the choice between one big, expensive, limiting option in cable or satellite, and many small, inexpensive, limiting options in streaming TV. And thanks to a fundamental failing of the structure of premium streaming services, those choices aren't going to improve anytime soon. And unlike the shift from cable to streaming, there's no fundamental change in the way we consume entertainment to help kickstart a meaningful change this time around.
The $8 billion in back taxes that Apple could owe in the wake of a preliminary report by the European Commission (EC) on Tuesday would be dwarfed by the amount Apple saved through tax deals that the company struck with the Irish government over the past three decades.
The letter written in June by Joaquín Almunia, vice president of the EC and Competition Commissioner, is not a ruling but is meant to provide details of why the EU's executive arm began investigating Apple's Irish tax affairs. Almunia told Ireland that tax arrangements in 1990 and 2007 “confer an advantage on Apple” and appear to amount to state aid. To promote fair competition, the European Union prohibits any member state from treating a particular company different from others.
Ireland's 12.5 percent corporate tax rate is low by international standards, but a U.S. Senate subcommittee found last year that Apple has managed to pay an effective tax rate of less than 2 percent and even no taxes on some profits in Ireland.
“What's troubling the EU is why did they get that preferential rate?” said Martin Sullivan, chief economist at Tax Analyst, a trade publication.
The company opened its first Irish subsidiary in 1980. Over the years as Apple's profits exploded, it began attributing significant chunks of profit to Irish affiliates for tax purposes rather than its companies in higher-tax countries such as the U.S., home to its marketing, product design, patents and other business central to its bottom line.
One of Apple's subsidiaries in Ireland, Apple Sales International, grew its revenue 415 percent from 2009 to 2011, to nearly $64 billion, the EC found. The subsidiary procures finished Apple products from manufacturers and passes them on to Apple-affiliated companies that then sell them to customers. Another Irish Apple subsidiary, Apple Operations International, has no employees and did not pay taxes to any government for five years, despite reporting more than $30 billion in profit since 2009.
It's impossible to know exactly how much Apple has saved in taxes over the past three decades by shipping profit through Ireland, said Rebecca Wilkins, a senior counsel at Washington, D.C.-based think tank Citizens for Tax Justice. "Their 10-K reports what they have in total in offshore cash but doesn't break it down by country," they told International Business Times. "They only have to break it out from U.S. and non-U.S. cash."
Apple reported in its latest disclosures that it earned 60 percent of its pretax profit abroad last year, $30.5 billion of $50.2 billion total, and holds more than $100 billion offshore. U.S. law doesn't require companies to pay taxes on profits earned overseas until the money is transferred into the country.
The U.S. Senate estimated last year that Apple shifted at least $74 billion in worldwide sales income away from the U.S. to Ireland from 2009 to 2012, paying about $1.5 billion in taxes to Ireland on the 2 percent rate. Apple's tax bill at the standard 12.5 percent rate would have been $9.4 billion, indicating Ireland's negotiated rate cost the country and the EU at least $8 billion over that time period. If the EC decides the tax deal is state aid to Apple, it could fine Ireland up to $1.26 billion and Apple up to 10 percent of its revenue, which could amount to $17 billion. But the preliminary report suggests that the EC would seek “recovery of the aid,” which could be about $8 billion or billions more, depending on how many years of back taxes the EC would seek.
According to a new comparison by PhoneArena, measuring actual screen area when viewing most standard definition video on iPhone X vs the iPhone 8 and 8 Plus, it seems that the usable screen area on iPhone X shrinks to that of a standard aspect phone with a 5″ diagonal for SD videos, which is 16% less than what the iPhone 8 Plus has to offer as screen area while watching video.
“The usable area of the iPhone X display is akin to a standard ratio phone with 5.4″ diagonal, which is about what the 8 Plus offers, explaining the numbers above. Blowing up they picture with either the YouTube app's zoom-to-fill option, or the iPhone X's own double-tap full screen mode in, say, Netflix, will take away of the footage not only in the notch area, but also will crop the sides down to the screen's aspect ratio.”
So in terms of watching video on your iPhone, the advantage seems to shift significantly form iPhone X to the cheaper iPhone 8 and 8 Plus. Since the iPhone X has a 19.5:9 display aspect ratio, it blackbars regular formats that form the vast majority of YouTube videos, or crops some part of the video out when zoomed-to-fill in compatibility mode.
Here is a picture for comparison of actual video screen area on the three iPhones:
It must be noted however that when watching a movie or TV series shot in the 2:1 Univisium format (such as House of Card on Netflix), the power shifts to the iPhone X, although these are still few and far between.
A Taiwanese activist was sentenced in China to five years in prison Tuesday for holding lectures online and assisting the families of jailed dissidents in a sign of how Beijing's crackdown on human rights extends beyond its borders.
The trial of Lee Ming-che was also China's first known criminal prosecution of a nonprofit group worker since Beijing passed a law last year tightening controls over foreign nongovernmental organizations.
The new law passed in April 2016 says foreign NGOs must not endanger China's national security and ethnic unity, and places nonprofits under close police supervision.
The Yueyang City Intermediate People's Court in central China handed down the sentence against Lee after finding them guilty of subversion of state power. The Associated Press reported Lee had confessed during their trial in September, which their wife, Lee Ching-yu, dismissed as "a political show."
Lee's co-defendant, Peng Yuhua, who is from mainland China, was sentenced to seven years in prison. Peng had also pleaded guilty, saying they had founded an organization called Palm Flower Co. to pressure China to accept a multiparty political system and that Lee was their deputy in charge of education.
Lee's wife attended the sentencing. "A price must be paid in the pursuit of an ideal," they said in a statement issued through their supporters. "Striving for human rights for the underprivileged is a necessary dedication to promoting the progress of human civilization."
Supporters say that since the trial ended, Lee Ching-yu has been prevented from leaving their hotel room or meeting with anyone. Calls to their cellphone rang unanswered.
Subversion of state power is a vaguely defined charge often used by Chinese authorities to muzzle dissent and imprison critics. Both men said they would not appeal.
Taiwan, a self-governing island Beijing regards as part of Chinese territory, swiftly condemned the sentence.
"The spread of democratic ideas is innocent!" Alex Huang, the spokesperson for Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, said in a statement. Huang urged Beijing to release Lee as soon as possible and allow them to return to Taiwan.
CHINA JAILS PROMINENT HUMAN RIGHTS LAWYER FOR 2 YEARS FOR 'INCITING SUBVERSION'
"We cannot accept that Lee Ming-che has been convicted of 'state subversion' for sharing ideas of freedom and democracy out of concern for the development of mainland China's civil society and democracy," the statement said.
Taiwan's Cabinet-level Mainland Affairs Council said in a statement that it would not accept the verdict and that the government would continue working to secure Lee's release from China.
Lee Ming-che, 42, cleared immigration in the semi-autonomous Chinese territory of Macau on March 19 and never showed up for a planned meeting later that day with a friend in the mainland Chinese city of Zhuhai.
They had previously conducted online lectures on Taiwan's democratization and managed a fund for families of political prisoners in China.
Lee's sentence was "incredibly harsh," given the accusations against them and the lack of evidence, said Maya Wang, Human Rights Watch's Hong Kong-based researcher.
"It's probably designed as a warning to activists based outside China, particularly those in Hong Kong and Taiwan," as Chinese President Xi Jinping's crackdown on dissent radiates beyond its borders, Wang said in an email.
Relations between Taiwan and China have been near an all-time low since the election of Tsai, whose party has advocated Taiwan's formal independence. China cut off contacts with Taiwan's government in June of last year, five months after Tsai was elected.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
The oil cleansing method was developed by TSU researchers and it is optimal for lake ecosystems. The experiment proved that the content of oil in water reduced in 35-40 times. Date of the research was published in journals Water Practice & Technology.
- The technology is based on flotation method, said Danil Vorobiev one of the authors of this development, doctor of biological sciences and director of Biological institute. - In place of oil accumulation we perform pneumatic and mechanical action and as a result oil sticks to the section of the two phases - liquid and air - and rises to the surface.
The technology, developed by TSU, best suited for lakes with thick sediments: stony, clay or sandy bottom. This method allows cleaning both sediments and water and there are no any restrictions on the depth of the pond.
This method does not require using any chemicals. Also this method can be used in winter when vegetative processes in a lake "freeze" and interference with the underwater world is minimal.
- In the spring and summer fish and aquatic organisms actively reproduce, therefore it is better to conduct any cleaning work during the cold time of the year, - the TSU scientist says. - It is necessary to take into account the fact that many Russian contaminated lakes are in remote places, we can get there and take out the oil from the bottom only by winter road. For such reservoirs the under-ice cleaning method is the only option.
In cold weather, we move the perforated hose down to the bottom in order to direct the pressurized stream of air to accumulations of oil. As a result, oil rises to the surface and goes via the guide channels laid on the surface to an oil collector. A mobile hangar is installed above the oil collector where heat guns create a favourable temperature for pumping oil. This allows working on cleaning water from oil in any weather, even at -50°C.
In addition, the TSU Institute of Biology received a patent for this invention.
###
Getty Images
Chiefs coach Andy Reid has a knee. A new one, specifically.
Reid's never one to talk much about injuries, but it was hard to avoid the topic when they took to the podium with a cane yesterday at the NFL Scouting Combine.
“All right, so we've only got one injury to talk about,” Reid said with a laugh, via Terez Paylor of the Kansas City Star.
Reid had a knee replacement surgery after the season, which kept them from the Senior Bowl while they recovered.
“I had a little surgery done, a knee replacement,” Reid said. “Yeah, I'm gonna be ready to go [for the season]. I won't be starting on PUP.”
The fact he's up and about now is the good news, and by revealing it to reporters, they don't have to worry about the league delving into their injury reports.
A joint team of researchers from the Indonesia Geology Agency's geological survey center and the University of Wollongong, Australia, has published its findings on ancient human fossils found in Flores.
Supplied with six teeth and jaw fossils, the researchers measured the age of the human remains using four different methods. They determined that they were fossils of ancient humans living in Mata Menge, Soa Basin, Flores, East Nusa Tenggara, about 700,000 years ago.
Acting geology agency head FX Sutijastoto said the finding from Soa Basin showed there was a civilization older than the one of which remains were found in Sangiran, Central Java. Thus, they said, it was possible the finding of Mata Menge ancient human fossils could change the history of human civilization.
“Results of the carbon dating show fossils found in Mata Menge, So'a district, Ngada regency, were from around 700,000 years ago. Fossils in Sangiran were from around 60,000 years ago while those found in Liang Bua were from around 50,000 years ago,” said Sutijastoto.
Older civilization – Teeth fossils of ancient humans found in Mata Menge, Soa Basin, Ngada regency, Flores, East Nusa Tenggara, are displayed during a media conference at the Geology Museum, Bandung, on Wednesday evening. (thejakartapost.com/Arya Dipa)
A geology agency researcher on the team, Fachroel Aziz, explained that the Mata Menge civilization was older as could be seen from artifacts and stone tools.
“This finding is interesting because Flores is located between the Sahul and Sunda shelf. To reach the island, there was a barrier they would have had to pass: water. They would have needed a raft at least. To make a raft, they needed a skill and would have had to communicate,” said Fachroel. Therefore, they said, the researchers agreed that the fossils found in Mata Menge could be categorized as belonging to ancient humans that could speak.
Fossils found in Mata Menge comprise molars, incisors, canines and mandible bones. “These are fossils of the oldest ancient human in Flores and first human fossils found in So'a Basin,” said Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry expert staff member Yun Yunus Kusumahbrata at the International Media Release of New Human Fossil Excavated from Flores at the Geology Museum in Bandung, West Java, on Wednesday evening.
Besides artifacts and human fossils, Yunus said, excavation activities in Mata Menge also discovered fossils of animals, such dwarf Stegodon (elephant), crocodile, komodo dragon, rat, frog and bird. (ebf)
Dear Misbah!
This might be the strangest love letter, one of its own type because it is being written when you have retired from ODI cricket and I have retired from watching Pakistan ODI cricket. Merely imagining a Pakistan ODI team without you – it sinks my heart! And more disheartening is the fact that, we'd never be able to watch you in a green kit again. I have been watching cricket for around two decades and I have watched the greats playing for Pakistan. I've watched the likes of Wasim, Waqar, Saqlain, Mushtaq, Miandad, Inzamam, Ijaz, Saeed Anwar and Aamir Sohail playing as a team. Yet, more than that, I have watched you, playing without a team. You actually never had one. They were just 10 random guys roaming around across you but you kept putting your soul in building a team out of them. Yet, all of them succeeded in failing you. But, out of your decency, you never complained of them. What sort of heart, it takes to be so great!!!
You took over a team that had lost its ball, its bat, its rhythm, its confidence and more than everything, its credibility. And then, with your own magic, you revived everything for Pakistan cricket. You brought smiles to our lips with your winning strokes. You filled joys in the hearts of a terrorism inflected nation, with your aura of calmness. You strengthened cricket viewers deep inside, as strong as you yourself were. You told everyone by example, no matter how rotten the things be, how adverse the conditions be, one should stand up and stay strong. When the chips are down, one must stand to face up and rebuild things. You set yourself as a lifestyle for a dreaded Pakistan. Your stats would never reveal what sort of game man you were, on field and off the field.
This is probably the longest running love story for me. For some, it began with the T20 World Cup 2007 but for me, it started reading about you in “Cricketer” in late 90s when you were representing Pakistan A team. In WCT20 2007, amongst a pool of struggling cricketers, you came up and told everyone how to stand up to the music. Some were disappointed of your last scoop in that WT20 final but, to me, that still is a memorable shot of yours. Then this love grew more intimate, when you pulled of two test hundreds against India, in India. You broke quite a series of jinxes for Pakistan. Every time Pakistan was 3 or 4 down for 20, 30 odd runs, I was still calm inside, watching you on the crease. Who would do that after you now? You were the only test captain in cricketing history who couldn't lead a single game on your home grounds, but you were the most successful test captain for your country. You always made me wonder how strong and decent one could be. We all knew who was failing you, but you never spoke bad of anyone. You never leaked dressing room news to anyone, to earn some favorable reviews. You were not respected by Pakistan because you weren't just another ordinary Pakistani. You were special!
You gave me some of the most precious moments of my life. That quickest run chase in test history, that Asia cup win, beating Proteas on their home grounds, a memorable T20WC 2007 fire, whitewashing the Aussies and Englishmen in test cricket and so many more bits and pieces to remember. And not to mention, you plucked all those magical moments with the most feeble and inexperienced side, Pakistan ever had in years. You were the most criticized captain in the history of Pakistan cricket. You were the one leading the most random and inexperienced Pakistan team. You were the one, you remained the one and you would be the only one. You were the only one who was praised the most out of your home and criticized the most, at your home. You were a sand bag for everyone to criticize, to shout at, to blame on, but you never blamed anyone. Rather, you absorbed it all by yourself and protected the whole team under your feathers. You often made me angry over this. Why did you keep facing all the blame? Why didn't you ever mention the real culprits? Why didn't you ever respond to the nasty personal criticism. But then, that's what you actually were. You never bothered to even look at whatever they kept saying about you. You kept your head still and responding with your bat. To me, you were the last ray of hope for Pakistan cricket. Cricket is life to me and Pakistan cricket breathed you.
You have left all of us in despair. I am broken as to who to look up to now. Some are bothered as who to blame on anymore. Some are worried as whom to vent their nasty personal critique at now. Some still want you to rethink your decision about retiring but I don't want that. You were the best thing to happen to Pakistan cricket. You were one of your own kind and none else could be you, none ever would be. On a last note, your last press conference yesterday and those teary eyes are going to haunt me for a lifetime. Cricket thanks you Misbah, even if your nation doesn't.
Farewell My Dear Misbah!!!
Have you ever wondered what the weather is like on down the road? Weather in the Distance is a unique Windows Phone 8 weather app that will give you the current conditions from points as close as one mile away up to 24,901 miles away. The app uses your camera viewfinder, compass and shutter button to give the app a virtual reality feel to things. Weather in the Distance is a simple and fast way to get a feel for the weather off the horizon and beyond.
The layout for Weather in the Distance is fairly straightforward. When you first launch the app, you'll be asked to calibrate your Windows Phone compass (spin it around in a figure eight pattern). You can tap the "done" button and jump right into the application but if your compass isn't calibrated it will effect the accuracy of the app.
Once you've got the compass issues straight, all you need to do is set the distance at the bottom of the screen, hold up your Windows Phone in a particular direction, press the camera button. This will pull up the weather forecast for that spot in the distance. What is displayed is the forecast for today that includes the high/low temps, humidity levels, barometric pressure, and wind speed/direction as well as the current temperature and conditions. The city that is closest to the point in the distance is also displayed.
You can toggle between the current conditions and a map view of the forecast location by swiping down. It's a view only map but is zoomable by using the + and - buttons. Settings for Weather in the Distance is accessible through the three-dot menu that pulls out from the side of the screen. Settings include turning on/off location services, choosing between your internal compass or a handheld and options for unit measurements, geodesic path choices, and background options.
FILE - In this Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, the logo for Goldman Sachs appears above a trading post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Goldman Sachs may be about to get another friend in Washington. Jay Clayton, a well-connected Wall Street lawyer who is President Donald Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission, is sure to face sharp questions from Democrats in their Senate confirmation Thursday, March 23, 2017, over their years of work for Goldman and other financial giants. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Goldman Sachs may be about to get another friend in Washington.
Jay Clayton, a well-connected Wall Street lawyer who is President Donald Trump's pick to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission, is sure to face sharp questions from Democrats at their confirmation hearing Thursday over their years of work for Goldman and other financial giants.
Trump has already drawn upon Goldman alumni for key financial posts in their administration — notably for Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, and the head of the National Economic Council, Gary Cohn. Clayton, a partner in the white-shoe law firm Sullivan & Cromwell, has done significant legal work for the Wall Street giant.
As SEC chairperson, Clayton would be in charge of, among other things, protecting investors from wrongdoing on Wall Street. They would oversee the enforcement of rules written by the SEC under the law that reshaped the regulation of banks and Wall Street after the 2008 financial crisis and the Great Recession. And they would take part in deciding on enforcement actions that SEC attorneys bring against corporations and financial firms.
For critics, the big question will be: How vigorous a regulator would Clayton prove to be?
Clayton would take over the leadership of the SEC with a Republican majority among its eventual five members. (Three seats are vacant.) In line with Trump's pledge to ease many rules that flowed from the Dodd-Frank financial regulatory law, a Clayton-led SEC would be expected to take a comparatively loose approach to regulation.
Though Clayton's confirmation is virtually assured by the Republican-controlled Senate, Democrats on the Senate Banking Committee say they will come prepared Thursday with a volley of skeptical questions.
“It's hard to see how an attorney who's spent their career helping Wall Street beat the rap will keep (Trump's) promise to stop big banks and hedge funds from 'getting away with murder,” Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the committee's senior Democrat, said after Clayton's nomination was announced in January. “I look forward to hearing how Mr. Clayton will protect retirees and savers from being exploited, demand real accountability from the financial institutions the SEC oversees, and work to prevent another financial crisis.”
Among the targets for critics is Clayton's blue-chip client list, brimming with Wall Street powerhouses and hedge funds as well as some corporations that have faced accusations of misconduct. Among them are Valeant Pharmaceuticals, a Canadian drugmaker that is the target of at least 10 government investigations, including a congressional probe into drug prices, and Volkswagen, embroiled in a scandal over alleged emissions cheating.
For Democrats who have questioned the influence they say Goldman Sachs is gaining in the Trump administration, Clayton's ties to that firm may loom particularly large. They have represented and advised Goldman in numerous major deals. In addition, Clayton's wife, Gretchen Butler Clayton, works at Goldman as a financial adviser. (She has committed to resign if their husband is confirmed.)
In the past, Clayton has also made statements critical of mandates that financial regulations have imposed on companies.
“He is the fox guarding the henhouse in every possible way,” says Lisa Gilbert, vice president of legislative affairs at Public Citizen. “It's a real question whether he'll be a tough enforcer.”
Others take a more positive view of Clayton's selection.
“This may be a good time for that kind of person,” said James Cox, a professor at Duke University Law School who is an expert on securities law and is a close SEC-watcher.
Cox's reasoning is that in the years since the 2008 financial crisis, the SEC has been consumed with writing rules under the Dodd-Frank law. Now, with that work mostly done, Cox suggested, Clayton is likely to steer the SEC back to its more fundamental responsibilities, such as overseeing rules for raising capital and rethinking disclosure requirements to make them better suited to a company's size.
To that end, Republican lawmakers have been pushing the SEC to ease the rules for smaller companies to raise capital in the markets — an area related to Clayton's experience.
Clayton appears to point in that direction in their opening remarks prepared for the hearing.
“It is clear that our public capital markets are less attractive to business than in the past,” they say in the written remarks. “As a result, investment opportunities for Main Street investors are more limited. Here I see meaningful room for improvement.”
More broadly, Clayton pegs the SEC's critical responsibility as “making sure our markets are fair, open, orderly and efficient — and ensuring that investors are protected.” They promise to “take up this responsibility with energy and purpose” if confirmed.
William McLucas, the SEC's enforcement director through much of the 1990s, said they think the choice of Clayton “signals a bit of a change in tone for the agency.” In recent years the SEC pursued “a very aggressive” enforcement agenda under Obama's appointee Mary Jo White, a former federal prosecutor, said McLucas, who leads the securities practice at law firm WilmerHale.
Under Clayton, McLucas suggested, the SEC might shift away from the approach of pursuing all manner of violation, large and small, to send a message.
With their vast experience in corporate mergers and public stock launches, Clayton, 50, has worked on many of the kinds of Wall Street deals the SEC regulates. Besides Goldman, they have represented Barclays, Deutsche Bank and UBS. Their client roster means they might have to step aside from deciding on some enforcement cases that come before the SEC.
Some of the biggest deals they worked on came in the panicky crisis days of 2008. Clayton represented Goldman in Warren Buffett's $5 billion investment in the bank and the teetering Bear Stearns in its rescue sale to JPMorgan Chase.
They also worked on many deals involving bringing companies public, notably the 2014 U.S. stock market debut of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba — the biggest-ever initial public offering. The SEC has been investigating Alibaba's accounting practices and sales data.
Clayton's financial disclosure filing shows that other big corporate clients — including Ally Financial, Royal Bank of Canada, Volkswagen, British Airways, Priceline Group and Valeant. In addition, two of the biggest hedge funds — activist investor Bill Ackman's Pershing Square and Paul Tudor Jones's Tudor Investment Corp. — are among their clients.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4 (UPI) -- A New York man who filmed a rat dragging a dead comrade through a subway station offered a theory on the situation: Pizza Rat has turned to "cannibalism."
The video, posted to YouTube by user JB Jose, shows a rat dragging a fallen colleague down the stairs and across the platform at the Jay Street-Metrotech station.
The uploader joked that the rat doing the dragging was Pizza Rat, a rat made famous in September 2015 by a video showing it dragging a slice of pizza down a flight of stairs at a subway station.
They wrote that Pizza Rat had apparently turned to cannibalism.
"A little before midnight on Jan 2, 2016 at Jay St-Metrotech, Pizza Rat emerges from the darkness to retrieve their fallen comrade. Was it trying to the 'wake up' the other? Was it taking it away to eat? Will we ever know?" they wrote.
Jose said in an email to Gothamist bystanders were fascinated by the spectacle.
After failing to land Gordon Hayward, the Heat front office is taking a lot of criticism. Brian Windhorst has suggested that Pat Riley has lost their touch. Windhorst explained that Miami's executive recruitment isn't what it once was. Especially without Wade in James in an era of player recruitment. He's not totally wrong, but I wouldn't count Riley or the Heat out. At least not yet.
Yes, the Heat have lost out on star free agents the last few years. Not retaining Wade last offseason was definitely a blow to the organization's reputation. But, by rejuvenating Dion Waiters' and James Johnson's careers last season, they developed a new one. Now Miami has become the place to save your career. The place where "culture" takes precedence over ego. Of course this method has the potential to leave the Heat wading in mediocrity, but it probably won't.
Right now, the Heat's roster consists of a strong young core and solid veterans. It's a roster without a clear superstar in a league built on superstars, but the Heat don't need one, yet.
This offseason has torn apart the Eastern Conference. Paul George is off the Pacers, the Hawks and Bulls are tanking, and Cleveland's unchanged roster is another year older. If Miami finds the success they did in the latter half of last season, they will be playoff bound. Currently I see the Heat as the fourth seed behind Boston, Cleveland, and Toronto.
The Heat have two options heading into this season. They can choose to try and develop a superstar within the organization, or trade for one at the deadline. The assets are there to do both. Also, judgment calls can be made on Miami's younger players early on if the Heat struggle. Of course, it's way too early to make this kind of assessments, but it's nice to know that those options are there if needed.
While it wasn't the offseason most Heat fans would have liked, it was solid. Once again Riley and co. scrambled, conserved the Heat's core and made the team better. The offseason isn't over yet either. Olynyk is a nice piece and Miami will likely re-sign both Ellington and Haslem. The Heat should be very good this season. They have potential to be a league pass favorite, and make noise in the playoffs.
It still feels like Riley is waiting to make a move.  They are the type of president who can't wade in mediocrity for very long. It's the timeline on when this "move" will happen that remains ambiguous.
The Heat are one of the strongest organizations in sports. The championship culture is no joke and after last season it's hard to doubt them. Heat-Nation can trust that the front office is making and will make the right moves. In the meantime, it's time to relax and get ready for another exciting year.
Over 160 countries and the European Union have signed on to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (Unclos). The United States, however, has long declined to do so.
Now, China has indicated that it might exit the convention if an upcoming ruling by an international tribunal runs counter to its questionable position: that nearly the entire South China Sea is its territory.
The US is urging China to respect the upcoming ruling, which could happen this month and is widely expected to favor the Philippines. In 2013 the Philippines petitioned an international tribunal—the Permanent Court of Arbitration, in The Hague—to rule on whether China's “nine-dash line” (see below) is valid, under Unclos.
US secretary of defense Ash Carter, speaking at the Shangri-La Dialogue earlier this month, stressed the importance of China respecting the tribunal's ruling:
The United States views the upcoming ruling by the UN Arbitral Tribunal on the South China Sea as an opportunity for China and the rest of the region to recommit to a principled future, to renewed diplomacy, and to lowering tensions, rather than raising them. All of us should come together to ensure this opportunity is realized.
That position is undercut, of course, by the US's own failure to join Unclos.
Despite efforts by the George W. Bush and Obama administrations, and support from the US business community, environmental groups, and the military, the US Senate has never ratified the convention. Ratification has been blocked for years by a few conservative Republican senators, with Oklahoma's James Inhofe playing a prominent role. Many US conservatives consider involvement in some international organizations and treaties as detrimental to national interests, and as an infringement on national sovereignty.
While they were secretary of state, Hillary Clinton said in 2012 that opposition to the treaty was “based in ideology and mythology, not in facts, evidence, or the consequences of our continuing failure to accede to the treaty.”
In 2009, China officially submitted (pdf) its nine-dash-line map to the United Nations. The map shows most of the South China Sea being enclosed by the line. The accompanying text included this passage:
China has indisputable sovereignty over the islands in the South China Sea and the adjacent waters, and enjoys sovereign rights and jurisdiction over the relevant waters as well as the seabed and subsoil thereof (see attached map).
Vietnam, Indonesia, and the Philippines subsequently objected to it. They asserted, among other things, that China's claims, as reflected in the map, are without basis under the convention. They noted the line overlaps with the exclusive economic zones (EEZs) of other nations. Under Unclos, nations have exclusive rights to exploiting resources in their EEZs, which extend 200 nautical miles from the shore.
Some worry that China might become more aggressive after a ruling that doesn't go its way. Indeed, almost immediately after the Philippines filed the case with the tribunal, China began setting about building, and later militarizing, artificial islands from which it could project its emerging maritime power.
In a show of strength of its own, the US Navy recently deployed not one but two aircraft carrier strike groups to the South China Sea—a rare move.
Now the US, while trying to tell China to abide by the international law, faces a credibility gap. If China leaves the convention, as it's now threatened to do, there's little the US can say about it.
Alex Woodside has a long list of reasons for why the Toronto Underground Cinema is closing down. Along with Nigel Agnew and Charlie Lawton, Woodside has managed the single-screen cinema near Spadina Ave. and Queen St. W. since its doors opened on May 14, 2010 (with a free double-bill of Clue and Big Trouble in Little China). In the two-plus years since it opened, the Underground distinguished itself in Toronto's moviegoing landscape, recently crowned “Toronto's Best Rep Cinema” by Now.
The Toronto Underground Cinema soon when it opened in 2010. It is expected to close its doors in September 2012. ( RENE JOHNSTON / STAR FILE PHOTO )
They brought in special guests like Adam West and Robert “Freddy Krueger” Englund for packed-housed screenings. They booked hip festivals like Images and After Dark, and supplemented their film programming with concerts, burlesque shows and, once, a video game-themed amateur wrestling tournament. The Underground wasn't just a neighbourhood movie theatre. It was a space. Next month, it'll be an empty space. “The long and the short of it is that there's another group who has claim to the space,” says Woodside, remaining mum on details. “We've tried to come to terms with them. But it hasn't happened.”
Article Continued Below
As a small business renting the cinema from its owner, themselves subject to a condo board, the Underground is no stranger to red tape. Things were complicated further when the cinema began pursuing a liquor license to increase what Woodside calls their “niche.” The application was met with misgivings from some condo residents, leading to a drawn-out acquisition process. “My regret is that we didn't go after it from day one,” says Woodside. “It was never a sustainable business model without it.” There's also the Underground's location within a “competitive zone,” defined by film distributors and exhibitors, which prevents it from unspooling anything screening at the nearby Scotiabank Theatre, TIFF Bell Lightbox, and Cineplex Yonge and Dundas (formerly AMC). It also needed substantial upgrades in order to keep pace with local cinemas transitioning from traditional 35mm film to digital formats. (The shift away from actual celluloid film prints makes acquiring copies of desirable movies more difficult for theatres not decked out with the newest high-definition projectors.) Given all these complications (and expenses), Woodside and their fellow managers wanted to make sure they could honour existent booking commitments. The Toronto Indie Film Festival, which launched at the Underground in 2010, will be the last festival to use the cinema's 700 seats, booked from Sept. 6 to 15. “It's like being in an abusive relationship,” says Woodside of running the theatre. “You totally love this thing and you respect it so much. But it takes everything from you.”
It's hardly an amicable breakup, but the Underground crew knew it was a gamble going in. “We were never working with a reasonable budget to do what we were trying to do,” says Woodside. “And we just decided we were going to do it anyway.” The Underground will screen its last double-bill Sunday, Sept. 16: fittingly programmed screenings of the cult doomsday flick Night of the Comet and The Band's 1976 farewell concert film The Last Waltz. Both films will be projected in 35mm.
Dozens of House Democrats broke ranks with President Obama on Friday to support legislation that would require people to be notified of security breaches under ObamaCare.
The House passed the Health Exchange Security and Transparency Act, H.R. 3811, in a 291-122 vote. Sixty-seven Democrats voted for the bill, ignoring arguments from party leaders that the bill was a "messaging" vote meant to discourage people from signing up for insurance.
ADVERTISEMENT
The one-sentence bill says that no later than two business days after any security breach on an ObamaCare site is discovered, "the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide notice of such breach to each individual." Republicans said that under current law, the government is not required to notify people if their information is put at risk.
"It may shock some people to learn that there is no legal requirement that the Department of Health and Human Services notify an individual if their or their personal information is breached or improperly accessed through the Affordable Care Act's exchanges," said Rep. Joe Pitts (R-Pa.).
The White House said it opposed the bill, arguing the government already has plans to tell people if their information has been compromised.
But that argument didn't sway a large group House Democrats, many of whom fear the problem-plagued rollout of ObamaCare will cost them at the polls in November.
House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) said the new requirement is critical because a senior official at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) advised in September that the site should not be launched due to security problems. Teresa Fryer, the Chief Information Security Officer at CMS, testified before Issa's committee late last year.
"The truth is that actual interviews and depositions taken of the highest-ranking people that helped develop this website, both public and private, shows there was no end-to-end testing," Issa said Friday. "It did not meet the spirit of any definition of a secure website."
Democrats rejected those arguments, and said Republicans were not explaining Fryer's complete views on the security of HealthCare.gov.
"All week, Republicans have been trying to make their case for this bill by quoting from a memo drafted by the chief information security officer at CMS about concerns before the website was launched," said Rep. Elijah Cummings (Md.), the top Democrat on Issa's committee. "But they omit one critical fact: this official never sent the memo. It was a draft, and they never gave it to anyone, including their own supervisor."
Democrats said the GOP was trying to stir up fears about HealthCare.gov and the other enrollment sites by raising the idea that people's personal information could be stolen.
"There have been no successful security attacks on HealthCare.gov, and no one has maliciously accessed personal information," said Rep. Frank Pallone (D-N.J.). "This is just another one of those scare tactics, and I just hope that my colleagues, both Democrats and Republicans, are not fooled by this."
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor Eric Ivan CantorPelosi warns GOP: Next president could declare national emergency on guns Ousted GOP lawmaker David Brat named dean at Liberty University business school Trump, GOP seeks to shift blame for shutdown to Pelosi MORE (R-Va.) fired back at the charge that the bill is for “messaging purposes,” noting that it simply requires officials to tell people when a data breach occurs.
"That's it," Cantor said. "There's no message in there, this is just trying to help people."
The White House, meanwhile, claimed the legislation would create costly new reporting requirements.
"The administration opposes House passage of H.R. 3811 because it would create unrealistic and costly paperwork requirements that do not improve the safety or security of personally-identifiable information in the Health Insurance Marketplaces," the White House said in a policy statement.
"Unlike existing requirements, H.R. 3811 requires expensive and unnecessary notification for the compromise of publicly-available information, even if there is no reasonable risk that information could be used to cause harm."
The White House stopped short of issuing a veto threat against the bill, but Senate Democrats are unlikely to take it up.
— This story was updated at 11:52 a.m.
The interim police chief of a city in southern Oklahoma is planning to resign after a TV station in Texas reported that they were connected to two neo-Nazi websites.
Interim Colbert Police Chief Bart Alsbrook says they haven't been involved with the websites. They say they plan to resign from their roles as interim chief and a reserve officer.
Alsbrook says they believe they were linked to the websites in retaliation for their "combativeness and rejection" of white supremacists. They say their name has been used in connection to neo-Nazi groups in Dallas since the 1990s.
The Tulsa World reports that Alsbrook's name was also used to register the trademark "Blood Honour," an international coalition of white supremacists, in 2005. Online records show the trademark was abandoned in 2006.
More than 285,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of an aquarium in southern China that is home to an animal dubbed “the world's saddest polar bear”.
The lethargic bear, whose name is Pizza, is on show at an “ocean theme park” located inside the Grandview shopping centre in the city of Guangzhou.
The aquarium made international headlines after its opening in early January with one Hong Kong-based animal rights charity denouncing it as a “horrifying” animal prison.
The park's management initially rejected claims that Pizza was being mistreated. “The polar bear in the aquarium is very happy,” Li Chengtang, its deputy manager, told the Guangzhou Daily newspaper.
However, amid outrage over the dismal conditions in which the animals were being forced to live, as tourists posed for selfies beside them, members of the Hong Kong-based charity Animals Asia were invited to visit the aquarium in April.
The activist group said the theme park's management had been “genuinely shocked” by the international outcry and had sought advice on how to improve conditions.
Animals Asia said there was no indication the aquarium would be closed or its animals, which also include arctic wolves, beluga whales and walrus calves, rehoused.
However, writing last week, Dave Neale, the group's animal welfare director, said the park's directors had promised “a better life for its animals” as a result of pressure.
Neale said engagement had previously led to positive changes at a zoo in Hanoi where the charity convinced zookeepers to unchain elephants, end animal “circuses” and provide better living conditions for bears and tigers.
“Threatening frequently changes little – while walking away changes nothing. Staying and talking and working together means there's an on-going chance for positive change,” Neale argued.
While China's economic boom is fading, the country's amusement park industry is booming as an increasingly affluent middle-class seeks new forms of entertainment. According to one campaigning group, China is currently home to at least 39 ocean theme parks. More than a dozen more are scheduled to open over the next two years.
Calls for the aquarium's closure continued this week on Chinese social media. “It is torture! Please boycott it!” read one comment on Weibo, China's Twitter.
Animal Asia said it would continue to fight to improve conditions in such attractions.
“The sad truth is, in this instance, we can't immediately shut down Grandview. And they are unlikely to free this bear, or any of the other animals they house, at least not in the short-term,” Neale admitted, adding: “If our experience has taught us anything – first you open doors, then you open cages.”
Additional reporting by Christy Yao
A n octogenarian, a man who has read Latin for pleasure all their life, recently remarked to me that, of all the Roman poets, Catullus was the one who actually seemed like a human being. I knew what they meant. Gaius Catullus was born in 84 B.C. to a provincial aristocrat in Verona, in the province of Cisalpine Gaul. Their father had a villa on Lake Garda, where they entertained Julius Caesar. Later in Rome, Caesar, lampooned by Catullus in stinging epigrams (including one that ran: “I've no interest, Caesar, in currying favor with you, or indeed in learning whether you're a white or a black”), huffily demanded an apology; Catullus obliged; Caesar said, “Come to dinner”; Catullus did. In Rome, Catullus had joined ranks with other young highborn poets like Calvus and Cinna in a loose conspiracy to reform pompous, heavy, elephantine Roman poetry by injections of Alexandrian wit, erudition, and concision....
Western Washington University suspended all classes Tuesday because of an alleged incident of hate speech targeting students of color.
In an unprecedented step, Western Washington University suspended all classes Tuesday because of what President Bruce Shepard called “disturbing and very threatening” hate speech, posted on social media and targeting students of color. (Update, Wednesday, Nov. 25: Some students and activists have criticized WWU's response to the threats.)
Law enforcement is investigating the incident as a possible hate crime. It is believed to be the first time classes at a higher-education institution in Washington have been suspended because of a threat on social media.
Students gathering in Red Square at WWU in response to this morning's news of hate threats. (Coral Garnick / The Seattle Times)
Shepard, who made the decision, said they were alerted by employees at the Bellingham school who saw the threat first on the anonymous social-media phone application Yik Yak. Their message on the school's website detailed threats they said they viewed as crimes, and pledged to go after whoever made them.
They said that the target was students of color, and that they decided to suspend classes because they were concerned about the safety of all students. Tuesday was to be the last day of classes before the Thanksgiving break.
“There are any number of statements out there that are disturbing and very threatening,” Shepard said of the social-media posts. “We do not know what was in the mind of that person, of course; that is one reason we are investigating it. So, who was that person's target? We can't say until we locate that person and interrogate them.”
WWU campus police are taking the lead on the investigation, with assistance from the Bellingham Police. WWU spokesperson Paul Cocke said police had determined that “the threats received do fall into the category of a crime.”
Shepard confirmed that some of the hate speech appears to be connected to a suggestion made by some students that the school's mascot, a Viking, be changed, saying it isn't racially inclusive.
“If all you see is the threat, you don't know what has motivated that,” they added. “You can't get inside their minds. So, I'm not going to jump to conclusions.”
Cocke said a few students of color received direct threats, but officials did not release details. On social media, one running thread made references to lynching and the Ku Klux Klan, and used photos of some student-government leaders that appeared to have been lifted off WWU's website.
On its Facebook page, the WWU Black Student Union warned its members to “PLEASE STAY OFF CAMPUS” because threats had been made “directly toward certain Black folks and the larger students of color population at Western.”
Public high schools cancel classes from time to time in light of threats, but officials at the state's other public universities said they did not know of another instance in which a public university in Washington suspended classes because of a hate threat. Shepard, who has been a university president or chancellor for the past 15 years, said they have never done so before.
“I made the decision to do it here because I believe our students' feelings of safety are very important, and we must listen to what they are telling us and how they feel,” they said.
In a meeting Tuesday afternoon, faculty and staff talked about the next steps they can take in showing support for Western's students.
Many wished to issue letters of support but decided to wait to respond to the threats until after the students themselves responded.
“We are going to wait for our students to lead us in the right direction,” said Nick Sanchez, who heads a president's task force on equity, inclusion and diversity.
It's not the first time Western has been at the center of a controversy over race. In April 2014, during a convocation speech, Shepard said that Western was too white.
Conservative blogs, publications and commentators picked up on the story and were highly critical of Shepard's comments, and some hate graffiti appeared on campus.
Shepard — who is white — did not back down. And hundreds of people marched on campus in support of the president.
Now, with this new incident, “there's a feeling that this is a teachable moment — ironically, and, perhaps, tragically,” said WWU professor Vernon Johnson, who is African American and serves on the equity task force.
The school's enrollment this fall is 73.2 percent white; blacks make up 3.4 percent of enrollment, Hispanic/Latino 7.1 percent, Asian American 11.3 percent and Native American 3 percent. That's a small change from 2014, when 74.5 percent of students were white.
It can be difficult to prove that hate speech constitutes a crime, said Caitlin Ring Carlson, a Seattle University assistant professor who studies hate speech on social media. “That's what's so tricky, or interesting, about this — there's this line between protected expression and incitement to violence,” they said.
The anonymity of Yik Yak is likely no protection. The social-media site has revealed the identity of a user to law enforcement before, they said.
Shepard's email canceling classes went out after 6 a.m. Tuesday, and most students got the word and stayed away. But by 11 a.m., more than 40 students from Campus Christian Fellowship (CCF) and other campus ministries had congregated in Red Square in response to the news.
“That is a really awful thing, and this is the way we want to respond,” said Shelby Duffy, 19, after singing “Amazing Grace” with other students.  They are a white, first-year student pre-med student.
Cameron Harris, a 2012 graduate and a community adviser for CCF who is African American, came to school after the music stopped to support students and show that hate doesn't have to be a deterrent.
“You should be able to study today, you should be able to have class, you should be able to feel safe,” they said. “As a person of color, I guess I thought it would be even more tragic if there were no faces of people of color on campus because of these threats and hate speech.”
Sergio Sanchez, a junior computer-science major from Mount Vernon, said they are glad Shepard suspended classes before the situation escalated.
“Zero tolerance,” they said. But they still came to campus Tuesday to go to the gym, saying they didn't feel nervous.
C.J. Schiller, a junior at Western, said the incident was “a very big deal, and canceling classes shows how big a deal the school is making of it.” They said they thought Shepard had handled the situation well, and that it has “opened my eyes up” to the idea that Western might not be safe for students of color. Schiller is white.
Shepard, in a recent blog post, noted that issues surrounding the school's mascot have arisen from time to time, and they welcomed discussion about it.
But Shepard also said they did not intend to change the mascot, at least while they are still president.  They are retiring next year.
The mascot issue may have been sparked by a survey that a communications professor, Michael Karlberg, was developing to see how students felt about a specific depiction of the school's logo. The graphic shows an angry Viking warrior, and Karlberg said the survey was only meant to test that specific logo.
In their statement, Shepard said there was no threat to general campus safety, but added: “I trust you stand with me on this: A threat to any one of us is an attack on all of us.”
Las Palmas newbie Emmanuel Sabbi has revealed that they will consider playing for their native country if authorities approach them over a possible switch.
Sabbi, 18, has already played for the U20 side of the U.S.A but has disclosed that they will consider their motherland if an approach is made.
Speaking to GHANAsoccernet.com on a possible switch to play for any of the senior national teams of Ghana, the talented midfielder said they will have to wait until the approach is made.
“Football is all about opportunities and so I look to grabbing great opportunities ahead.
“The U.S.A have been great to me and I am honoured to play for them anytime I get the chance,” they said.
“As for Ghana, if the opportunity arises, then that will be the end of the conversation,” they added.
Sabbi signed their first professional deal with the La Liga side to become the third Ghanaian-born player to play for The Yellows.
 They are expected to adjust to the European style of play quickly to make their debut very soon.
By: Sheikh Tophic Sienu @desheikh1 on Twitter
Early in my pilot training I heard my instructor mention that they had a Frozen ATPL.
It sounded painful!
Or at the very least it sounded slightly negative, like they had been stopped from doing something. I certainly didn't know what it was.
So, what is a Frozen ATPL?
When a pilot goes through the training required to fly commercially at airline standards in a multi-crew environment, they achieve an Airline Transport Pilot's Licence, or ATPL.
However, if a pilot has not yet flown the minimum number of 1500 hours, the licence will remain ‘frozen', or inactive.
Can I complete the ATPL training at any time?
Yes, any PPL holder can go on to complete all of the ground school requirements and train to become an airline pilot.
Many schools will require that you have completed a set amount of flying time before starting.
How do I ‘un-freeze' my ATPL?
Your ATPL will remain frozen until you have reached 1500 hours of flying time, which is made up of the following criteria:
500 hrs multi-pilot in transport or commuter aircraft
250 hrs PIC (or 100 Pilot in Command and 150 Pics under supervision)*
200 hrs cross-country flights (100 as Pilot in Command)
75 hrs instrument time
100 hrs night flight as PIC or co-pilot
Can I get a job with a Frozen ATPL?
Yes, it is certainly feasible to get a job with an airline if you have a Frozen ATPL.
Many airlines will accept applications from pilots who don't yet have the required number of hours and offer them the opportunity to complete this aspect of their training on the job. Check the job adverts for specific requirements with each airline.
It didn't take long at the Values Voter Summit to see why House Republicans feel empowered to drive the country off the cliff if they don't get their demands.
The four lawmakers who inaugurated the day's events—Senators Mike Lee of Utah, Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand Paul of Kentucky, and Marco Rubio of Florida—are all on the Tea Party vanguard of the Republican Party. And Cruz is the pied piper who has used their considerable intellectual gifts to corral conservatives into a suicide run against the Affordable Care Act.
But if the crowd at Values Voter was any indication, they were willing participants. Indeed, if the right wing of the right wing needs a motto, “You only live once” fits the bill. At each point, the audience was eager to punctuate their rhetoric with cheers and applause. “I'm going to suggest a model for how we turn this country around in the next couple of years,” they said, turning the speech—which Cruz gave away from the podium, pacing the stage like a motivational speaker—toward events in Washington, “And it is the model that we have been following together for the last couple of months to stop that train wreck, that disaster, that nightmare that is ‘Obamacare.'”
To the rest of the country, this “model”—of grassroots action and pressure—has been a tremendous failure. According to the most recent poll from NBC News and The Wall Street Journal, 53 percent of the public blames the Republican Party for the shutdown, compared to 31 percent who say it's the president's fault. American voters now prefer a Democratic Congress over a Republican one, and the GOP's approval has fallen to its lowest levels in the history of the NBC News survey. At best, the Republican Party walks away from this fight with serious damage to its brand; at worst, this transforms the 2014 political landscape and gives Democrats a shot at protecting their Senate majority, and taking the House of Representatives.
At the Values Voter Summit, however, it was hard to find conservatives who thought Cruz (and Lee) had gone wrong with their strategy. Jack Tyman, who had come to D.C. from Naples, Fla., thought the Texas senator had done the United States a favor. “Cruz,” they said, “is not hurting this country.” (At this exact moment, a woman walked by and yelled—presumably to their friend—that Ted Cruz “was going to be president one day.”)
Patti and Jack Robertson—a couple from Florida—were also enamored of Cruz, “You can feel their passion for the American people,” said Patti. They were almost the prototypical Republican voters: Older, white, professional, and highly civically engaged. Patti, in fact, bragged that they made phone calls to every senator to support the push to defund the Affordable Care Act.
As far as rhetoric went, it wasn't just Cruz. Rand Paul didn't talk Obamacare, but they did indulge the persecution complex and anti-Muslim bigotry of a certain subset of conservative evangelical Christians, all represented at the conference, “The truth is, a worldwide war on Christians is being waged by a fanatical element of Islam.”
And to Paul, Obama is complicit in the violence: “Two Christian bishops have been kidnapped, and one priest was recently killed. These rebels are allies of the Islamic rebels that President Obama is now arming.” The rhetorical back-and-forth between Obama and “radical Islam” was so common that it wasn't hard to get the impression that Paul—a “reformer”—was trying to tacitly tie the president to Islamic extremism, and play to the well-aired belief that Obama is a Muslim.
Marco Rubio had their fun as well, giving a speech that was soaked in conservative resentment. “On issue after issue, on issue after issue, they are expected to be tolerant of others, but increasingly our culture's intolerant of them,” they said. And one of the concluding speakers—a talk-radio host named Sandy Rios—gave a lengthy denunciation of homosexuality, going as far as to call the brutal murder of Matthew Shepard a “fairytale.”
Again, none of this was challenged by the audience. And potentially as a consequence, the claims became more outrageous. When Ben Carson—a recent conservative celebrity—was reaching for a way to describe the Affordable Care Act, they immediately went to the nuclear bomb of tasteless analogies. “Obamacare is really, I think, the worst thing that has happened in this nation since slavery,” said the African-American doctor. The crowd response? Cheers. The same was true when Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann attacked the Affordable Care Act as “Deathcare” for Americans.
It was pure, unbridled, conservative id. And it was celebrated. Moreover, as we're seeing now, no one in the mainstream of the Republican Party is going to challenge it. Indeed, it's hard to think anyone will even try to co-op it. Instead, like Mitt Romney in last year's elections, the “establishment” of the GOP will bend to it, and adopt its positions and affect, in a desperate attempt to retain its allegiance.
That, however, might be a fool's errand. Before the group dismissed for dinner and book signings, former Pennsylvania senator—and Republican presidential candidate—Rick Santorum gave a speech emphasizing the importance of culture, publicizing their new movie, and pillorying the Republican Party for nominating moderates: “We will start winning elections when we nominate people who are authentic,” where authenticity is another word for rigid conservatism.
This revanchist minority is angry, unsatisfied, and ready to fight. It's easy to mock the Values Voter Summit as a hub for extremism, but these are the voters who are driving the shutdown. They have a powerful grip on the Republican Party, and the damage of this confrontation has done nothing to weaken it.
Photo: Bryce Groark / True Blue Films Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close
Image 2 of 19 Humpback whale calf, "Beethoven," at Vava'u, Kingdom of Tonga, 2006. Humpback whale calf, "Beethoven," at Vava'u, Kingdom of Tonga, 2006. Photo: Bryant Austin / Studio Cosmos
Image 3 of 19 Sperm whale fluke, West Indies, 2009 Sperm whale fluke, West Indies, 2009 Photo: Bryant Austin / Studio: cosmos
Image 4 of 19 Bryant Austin on the job in Fiji, 2010. Bryant Austin on the job in Fiji, 2010. Photo: Gregory Goode
Image 5 of 19
Image 6 of 19 Bryant Austin shows a portrait of the eye of a Minke whale named Ella they are particularly fond of from their book. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. less Bryant Austin shows a portrait of the eye of a Minke whale named Ella they are particularly fond of from their book. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the ... more Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 7 of 19 Bryant Austin smiles as they look at their composite photograph of "Scar," a Sperm whale they photographed. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. less Bryant Austin smiles as they look at their composite photograph of "Scar," a Sperm whale they photographed. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of ... more Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 8 of 19 Bryant Austin described theirs photographing the Humpback whale (left) used on their book cover. The whale put their fin near Austin during the dive. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. less Bryant Austin described theirs photographing the Humpback whale (left) used on their book cover. The whale put their fin near Austin during the dive. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate ... more Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 9 of 19 Bryant Austin looks at a life size composite portrait of "Scar," a Sperm Whale. Scar proved to be too active for a complete portrait. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. less Bryant Austin looks at a life size composite portrait of "Scar," a Sperm Whale. Scar proved to be too active for a complete portrait. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits ... more Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 10 of 19
Image 11 of 19 In the museum, Bryant Austin stands between two black and white portraits of whales. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. In the museum, Bryant Austin stands between two black and white portraits of whales. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 12 of 19 The spacious museum area is well suited to the large life sized whale portraits. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. The spacious museum area is well suited to the large life sized whale portraits. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 13 of 19 Bryant Austin walks through their exhibit of whale portraits. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. Bryant Austin walks through their exhibit of whale portraits. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 14 of 19 Bryant Austin describes an encounter with a whale on one of their photographic adventures. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, Calif. less Bryant Austin describes an encounter with a whale on one of their photographic adventures. Bryant Austin has photographed whales close up and their intimate portraits are on display at the Museum of Monterey, ... more Photo: Brant Ward / The Chronicle
Image 15 of 19
Image 16 of 19 Bryant Austin works on their whale photographs at their studio. Bryant Austin works on their whale photographs at their studio. Photo: Meredith May / SFChronicle
Image 17 of 19 Bryant Austin works on their whale photographs at their studio. Bryant Austin works on their whale photographs at their studio. Photo: Meredith May / SF Chronicle
Image 18 of 19 Sperm whale, "Enigma", 2009. Measuring over 20 feet, this is Austin's first successful life-size composite portrait of a whale. Sperm whale, "Enigma", 2009. Measuring over 20 feet, this is Austin's first successful life-size composite portrait of a whale. Photo: Bryant Austin / Studio: cosmos
Amazon ECR is a fully managed Docker container registry that makes it easy for developers to store, manage, and deploy Docker container images. Amazon ECR is integrated with Amazon EC2 Container Service (ECS), simplifying your development to production workflow. Amazon ECR eliminates the need to operate your own container repositories or worry about scaling the underlying infrastructure. Amazon ECR hosts your images in a highly available and scalable architecture, allowing you to reliably deploy containers for your applications. Integration with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) provides resource-level control of each repository. With Amazon ECR, there are no upfront fees or commitments. You pay only for the amount of data you store in your repositories and data transferred to the Internet.
Amazon EC2 Container Registry is currently available in the US East (N. Virginia) and US West (Oregon) regions. Please visit our product page for more information.
The United Auto Workers International Union struck down a boycott resolution against Israel.
The University of California Student Workers Union, UAW Local 2865, which represents more than 13,000 teaching assistants, tutors and other student workers in the UC system, approved a resolution in December 2014 to join the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, or BDS, against Israel.
On Tuesday the UAW International Executive Board stated its “unanimous belief” that BDS “espouses discrimination and vilification against Israelis and UAW members who are of Jewish lineage.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The board determined that “the provisions of the BDS Resolution, despite semantical claims to the contrary by the local union, can easily be construed as academic and cultural discrimination against union members on the basis of their national origin and religion.”
The UAW board also called the BDS resolution “a clear and convincing breach” of the union's constitution, and “would harm UAW-represented workers and other union members” by boycotting companies that employ these individuals, leading to “direct economic deprivation.”
Informed Grads, a UC student group that had opposed the resolution, said the UAW had set a national precedent by denying the local organization the right to adopt such a measure.
“The anti-Semitism and active promotion of hate that ran rampant throughout this BDS campaign cannot and must not be tolerated. We applaud UAW International for taking a firm position against BDS and discrimination based on religion or national origin,” Karra Greenberg of Informed Grads, who testified at the appeal hearing, said Wednesday in a statement.
We round up a host of nutritious and delicious foods that are also budget lifesavers!
The price of healthy food is rising, according to recent data from the Office of National Statistics. The research showed that the prices of vegetables, fruit and fish are all shooting up - whilst unhealthy treats such as chocolate and confectionery have actually fallen in price.
Eating a nutritious, balanced diet on a tight budget can be a real challenge. However, certain types of food are versatile, tasty and good for you - as well as being extremely good value!
Here's are my top ten foods to save you a fortune.
Oats
Oats are versatile, filling and a great source of fibre. To find out about all the health benefits, visit the Eat More Oats website.
They can be used in dozens of dishes - everything from porridge and muesli to crumble, bread, flapjacks and even fish dishes.
You can find an enormous list of oat recipes in this section of the BBC Food website. Everyone should keep a bag of oats in their store cupboard!
A whole chicken
A good-quality chicken isn't necessarily cheap - but it is a great value purchase, as long as you make the most of it.
Many people roast a whole chicken, eat what they want and throw the half-finished carcass away. This is a real waste, because one chicken can go a long way!
For example, it could provide a roast dinner, a curry, a risotto and soup for at least two people. This set of recipes from Jamie Oliver provides pointers on how to use a whole chicken, without any wastage.
Related blog post Paul Warburton writes: Hungarian pork goulash Check out this amazing recipe for Hungarian pork goulash - for £1.48 per person! Read this post
Pulses
Kidney beans, lentils and other pulses make an excellent frugal alternative to meat. They're cheaper, rich in protein and fibre, lower in fat, and can be used as a substitute for meat in many recipes.
Check out this guide to cooking with beans and pulses, put together by the Vegetarian Society. And of course, you don't need to ditch meat entirely. Try swapping meat for pulses in one or two evening meals a week, and see how the savings mount up.
Cheap cuts
If you do eat a lot of meat, you could save a packet by choosing cheaper cuts and cooking them in a slightly different way.
For example, various cuts of meat on the bone are delicious when prepared in a slow cooker, and turned into stews and casseroles.
Take a look at these slow cooker tips on the MumsNet website - or ask your local butcher for advice on how to prepare their cheapest cuts of meat.
Eggs
It's always worth having a box of eggs in the fridge: They're filling, nutritious, affordable and can be prepared in hundreds of different ways.
Check out the British Lion egg recipes website to find out just how versatile they are.
Wholegrain foods
Do you eat white rice, bread or pasta? Switching to their wholegrain equivalents could benefit your wallet as well as your waistline.
That's because wholegrain products make you feel fuller for longer. They're a better source of fibre, and you're less likely to fancy an expensive snack an hour or so later.
Frozen vegetables
Fresh vegetables can taste fantastic - but they can also be fairly pricey. To shave pounds off your grocery bill, substitute frozen vegetables for fresh ones a couple of times a week.
Modern freezing techniques mean that the nutrients are properly preserved, as is a lot of the flavour. Frozen veg is a great standby if you have an unpredictable schedule, too, as it's far less likely to go off and be wasted.
Canned fish
Oily fish contains many important nutrients, including the Omega 3 essential fatty acids not found in many other foods. Unfortunately, fresh fish is usually rather expensive.
However, many types of oily fish (such as sardines and mackerel) can be bought much more cheaply in cans - and the nutritional content is virtually identical. Another good store cupboard staple, try swapping fresh fish for canned once every couple of weeks.
Home-grown herbs
How often do you use a whole packet of fresh herbs once you've bought it? Very often, you take a little for the recipe you need, and end up throwing the rest away because it's become limp and tasteless.
It costs next to nothing to grow herbs on a sunny window sill - and they'll liven up lots of frugal dishes. At the moment, for example, you can buy four mix-and-match packets of herb seeds for just 99p, at 99p Stores.
Leftovers!
According to the Love Food Hate Waste campaign, Brits throw away around 8.3 million tonnes of food and drink every year. Imagine how much money we'd be saving if we put that produce to good use!
No matter what your leftovers are, there's a way to use them. Check out these leftover recipes for some frugal inspiration.
Frugal Recipes
Don't forget that, here at lovemoney.com, we have our very own chef who publishes their original Frugal Recipes for free every Friday. Each meal costs less than than £1.50 per person, but doesn't compromise on either the ethics or the quality of the ingredients. And trust me when I say, the meals are delicious!
More: Dining out is cheaper than a takeaway! | Throw a posh dinner party on a budget
Intellectuals who helped trigger pro-democracy protests hand themselves in, with dozens of supporters planning to follow suit
Three leaders of Occupy Central with Peace and Love, the Hong Kong pro-democracy group that helped trigger the Hong Kong protests, have handed themselves in to police after calling for student protesters to retreat.
Law professor Benny Tai turned themselves in at on Wednesday afternoon, along with their two co-founders, the Rev Chu Yiu-ming and sociologist Chan Kin-man, according to local media. Dozens of supporters planned to follow suit.
A total of 24 people surrendered for “taking part in an unauthorised assembly”, the Hong Kong government said in a statement. “Police will conduct follow-up investigations based on the information provided,” it said.
The three Occupy leaders were met at the police station by a crowd of supporters shouting: “I want true democracy” while nearby, a small crowd of anti-protest demonstrators shouted: “Rubbish” and: “Go to jail.”
They filled in documents and left without the police filing charges, according to Reuters. While the Hong Kong government has called the protest illegal, it had not issued warrants for the Occupy leaders' arrest.
The three founders expressed concern that the movement, now in its third month, would end in violence without accomplishing its political aims. The protesters demand a genuine choice among candidates for the city's 2017 chief executive elections, while Chinese authorities have mandated an electoral framework in which all candidates are screened by a committee of pro-Beijing elites.
While more than 100,000 people turned out for rallies at the protests' peak this autumn, the numbers of demonstrators have sharply dwindled and public support for the movement has waned. Only a few hundred protesters remain at protest sites in the areas Admiralty and Causeway Bay.
The movement took a violent turn on Sunday night, when police used water cannon, batons and pepper spray to thwart demonstrators' attempts to “escalate” the movement by surrounding government offices.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest From left: Chu Yiu-ming, Benny Tai, Chan Kin-man and Joseph Zen leave the police station. The men say the surrendered to demonstrate their commitment to the rule of law. Photograph: AFP/Getty
Tai said they did not regret helping to start the movement as it had triggered a political awakening in Hong Kong. “In hindsight, I would still do the same thing,” they told the local broadcaster RTHK on Wednesday morning. “I do not repent for what I have done.”
They emphasised that the movement has been largely nonviolent, and blamed the clashes on excessive police action and the government's refusal to yield. “A few people took violent action,” they said, according to the South China Morning Post. “But from what we have seen throughout, we set an example to the world already.”
Joshua Wong, the 18-year-old leader of the student group Scholarism – who has been on hunger strike for more than 40 hours with two other group members – has called for protesters to regroup. The three have vowed not to eat until the city's chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, reopens dialogue with protesters.
“Please do not imagine that violence or delaying tactics can stop us,” Scholarism said on its Facebook page.
“The people are alert with hunger strike, and they will come back to join us eventually. We have to emphasise that the reestablishment of political reform is the government's task. As the chief executive, you are not allowed to shirk your responsibility. Please agree to talk to us again. Before asking us to stop this painful hunger strike, please ease the pain of all Hong Kong people from [their] illiberal and repressed lives.”
On June 16th 1844 Joseph Smith gave what is known as the “Sermon in the Grove.” It was one of the last things we'd ever hear from the prophet and it got cut short on account of the rain. They were only eleven days away from their martyrdom at Carthage and they knew that their time was drawing near. Before the rain ended the sermon, Joseph said something that is as applicable today as it was in 1844 Nauvoo. They said, “I have reason to think the Church is being purged.”
When you combine that statement with a revelation given in Kirtland on July 23, 1837 also known as Doctrine & Covenants 112…you get the feeling that it will not be an easy task to be a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the last days. The revelation states that “gross darkness” is covering the minds of the people and that “vengeance cometh speedily upon the inhabitants of the earth, a day of wrath, a day of burning, a day of desolation, of weeping, of mourning, and of lamentation.”
But what's most interesting is that so many of us assume that it's the secular world that's going to take the brunt of these troubled times. That's not the case at all. In fact, the Lord says that “upon my house (Mormons) shall it begin, and from my house shall it go forth…first among those among you, saith the Lord, who have professed to know my name and have not known me, and have blasphemed against me in the midst of my house.” (D&C 112:23-26)
So…I've observed 3 types of Mormons in the church these days, but I believe that only the third type will be able to endure the trials of faith that are here now and are coming soon.
1. The Stalwart But Stubborn Mormon
These Mormons are full of faith and are used to the standard narrative. They cling to what they've learned in primary and cringe at anything that might contradict the things they've learned for so long. Change is tough for this group of Mormons. They might quote the scripture that says “God is the same yesterday, today, and forever” and assume that the church will also be the same yesterday, today, and forever. They still think that Joseph Smith sat at a table with a sheet between them and Oliver Cowdrey as they traced the engravings on the gold plates and translated for hours on end. They like how Abraham sought for further light and knowledge but have trouble applying that same principle to themselves . What they know…is what they know, and nothing else seems to matter.
This type of Mormon doesn't think much of church scholars. They have their old library of books at home that consist of Mormon Doctrine, Doctrines of Salvation, and a host of other similar titles that were published between the 1970's and 1985. They have the Collected Works of Hugh Nibley on their shelf but had a hard time getting through them. Critics of the church would call these people…sheeple. They would sarcastically call them “TBM's” or “True Believing Mormons.”
I love this group of Mormons. They are faithful and obedient. They always seem to be there to help and are generally service oriented. Their only issue is how they might react to people that have questions about their faith. If the questions or statements they hear from others contradict or disrupt their long held understanding of something…they can sometimes get defensive and exhibit a condemning attitude toward the questioner. This behavior might make the questioner feel stupid…and can really turn off a struggling member that may have not had the same testimony building experiences that they have had. As Paul said…this stalwart but stubborn Mormon may have a “zeal but not according to knowledge” wherein they are immoveable in their position on a portion of church history or doctrine, while being genuinely wrong all at the same time. Lots of zeal…but lacking correct knowledge causes the same situation Alma was witnessing in the church. They “began to be scornful, one towards another, and they began to persecute those that did not believe according to their own will and pleasure.” These people have a major problem with just saying “I don't know…but lets discuss” which leads to innocently but ignorantly misleading others who might be honestly seeking.
2. The Curious But Furious Mormon
This group of Mormons is small…but growing very fast because of the transparency of the internet and social media. They are good hearted and sensitive people that have taken seriously the admonition of Joseph Smith to “go on to perfection, and search deeper and deeper into the mysteries of Godliness.”
But as they're searching, they are finding things that contradict the things they may have learned in Primary and Sunday School. Some of those things as Elder Ballard has recently mentioned are “less known or controversial, such as polygamy, seer stones, different accounts of the First Vision, the process of translation of the Book of Mormon or the Book of Abraham, gender issues, race and the priesthood, or a Heavenly Mother.”
[I read the most amazing book on these topics recently called “A Reason For Faith” that gives clear and honest background on each of these topics. The “controversial topic” essays Elder Ballard is referring to can also be found here at LDS.org ]
Where the stalwart but stubborn Mormon might shun or ignore these topics and go about their or their business, the curious but furious Mormon might jump to wrong conclusions on incomplete information from less than reputable sources and make rash decisions regarding their faith. Once a person has made a rash decision, human nature and inherent pride makes it very difficult to reverse that decision for fear of seeming “wishy-washy.” Most of the time, when someone makes a rash decision, they end up getting behind their decision 100% regardless of whether they know if it was right or wrong.
This type of Mormon is the one that approaches the other type of Mormon (The Stalwart But Stubborn Mormon) discussed above and asks them why the Sunday School manual has a picture of Joseph and Oliver sitting at the table with a sheet in front of them when in reality, Joseph used a seer stone in a hat to translate while the plates remained covered. If the stalwart but close-minded Mormon reacts defensively or arrogantly…a battle of truth vs. tradition ensues and no one is the winner. In many cases, this type of Mormon is right about various aspects of church history but many times doesn't stick around long enough to see the issue rectified in the upcoming manual. The curious Mormon now becomes a furious Mormon and believes they've been lied to maliciously for all these years…while the stalwart but close-minded Mormon has lost a brother or sister to help them run the ward council.
Both types of Mormons contribute to the attrition.
3. The Stalwart But Curious Mormon
Ahhhh. Finally…a group of Mormons that are exciting to discuss. This group of Mormons consist of a marriage between the two previous groups of Mormons. Interestingly enough…the two above groups of Mormons, put together, makes the sort of Mormon that has the intellectual and spiritual ability to pull down the powers of heaven on a regular basis and work modern miracles. This is the sort of Mormon Joseph Smith was. This is the sort of Mormon that is firm in their faith but always open to discuss different points of view. They're looking for truth and willing to accept it even if it contradicts their current views. These are the Mormons that are truly learning and growing as they combine their faith and intellect to navigate through tough times.
These Mormons are more interested in helping people than they are at “being right.” They are better at listening and understanding than they are at speaking and postulating. This type of Mormon has no illusions of the church being perfect, the people or leaders being perfect, or the history being 100% accurate as it's recorded in a 1980's Sunday School manual. This Mormon is ready and willing to listen when Elder Ballard says you should learn about these controversial essays and topics and know them “like you know the back of your hand.” This Mormon knows that the narrative in the church can change over time, but that the doctrine can still remain pure and true and unlike any other theology this world has ever seen.
This is the true disciple of Christ. This is the peacemaker and knowledge seeker. This is type of Mormon that will usher in the Second Coming of Christ. This is the type of Mormon I want to be…
0 Man found shot to death with plastic bag over head
DEKALB COUNTY, Ga. - A man was found shot to death this week in a home in DeKalb County, according to police.
Police found Earl English, 28, on Tuesday in a home they were renting on Northstrand Drive in Decatur.
They were shot and had a plastic bag over their head.
TRENDING STORIES:
Friends were worried when English didn't show up at work Monday. Their mother said they spoke to them often and when they didn't answer their phone and it started going straight to voicemail, they knew something wasn't right.
“When they didn't call me, I started calling people. I tried to see if they went to work or anything,” Linda English said.
Following concerns from family and friends, DeKalb police contacted the homeowner, got a key and found Earl English's body.
As soon as their mother found out about their death, they left Louisiana and came straight to Georgia.
“That's my son y'all took away from me,” Linda English said. “I love my son. Me and my son were best friends.”
Earl English grew up in Louisiana, but moved to the Atlanta area because they wanted a fresh start after their grandmother died.
Earl
Police have not confirmed a motive, but English's family believes they were killed during a robbery.
“The people who did this, I want them to have the death penalty,” Linda English said.
They said their son loved their church, loved their family, friends and co-workers, and was active in the gay pride community.
Although they had to travel back to Louisiana on Thursday, Earl English's sister, Kiwanna English, had the following message for the local community: “All I want is justice. If anybody, anybody that knows what's going on with Earl English, please come forward."
Anyone with information on the case should call Crime Stoppers at 404-577-8477.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
​At this point the idea that Joe Buck hates whatever team you root for has become a running joke.
Take Sunday's Giants-Packers game, for instance, in which they and Troy Aikman heaped praise on Aaron Rodgers and were thrilled to witness their Hail Mary pass. Even still, many Packers fans thought the duo was rooting against them.
So much so that one fan started a petition to have them removed from Packers games, and a lot of fans signed it.
Some Green Bay Packers fans petition for Joe Buck & Troy Aikman to be removed from game broadcast https://t.co/nn11EiPSQW — 10News (@10News) January 10, 2017
The creator of the petition, AJ Dorff, laughably said "It kind of gets annoying because it's like they're always bashing the Packers."
The Packers won a playoff game and still feel like they got ripped by the commentators.
This hate for Joe Buck and Troy Aikman is getting ridiculous...A petition to ban them on #Packers broadcasts??? Knock it off. — Joe Zenzola (@RadioJoeSports) January 10, 2017
​​This petition, unfortunately for Packers fans, is moot. They're playing the Cowboys. Enjoy Troy Aikman.
FRIDAY'S SCRIPT TIP: CHA-CHA-CHANGES!
You can't judge a script by its movie.
Brilliant scripts get shredded every day, it's just the way the biz works. You think most of what you see on the big screen is junk? You wonder why they bought that crappy script? Heck, it was probably a GREAT script when they bought it. So how does a good script go bad... and why? If the producer liked the script enough to buy it for $3 million in the first place, why change it? Why ruin it?
Let's take it step by step.
1) Joe Producer reads this new script by Will Shakespeare called ROMEO & JULIET and loves it. There's romance, action, family drama, and that amazing double twist ending! They buy Will's script for $250,000 against $750,000 - that's 3/4 of a million bucks! They take it to the studio to get financing. The studio says: "We love this script! We want to 'fast track' it... But downer endings don't test well. We can't give you the production budget unless Romeo and Juliet live happily ever after at the end." Now the producer has a choice between shelving Will's script and taking a loss, or having Will rewrite the end and having the studio put the film on the release schedule for next year and start casting the leads.
When Will sold the script for $250k against $750k, that deal included two rewrites and a polish. So included in Will's first set of rewrite notes is "happy ending"... and Will is expected to make those changes. It's part of that contract Will signed, and getting the full $250k (plus the $500k production bonus) depends on Will doing the required rewrites. Will makes a tough choice, and Romeo and Juliet live happily ever after.
2) The studio tries to find a bankable star to play Romeo. Though Will's dream may be to find a great unknown actor who really fits the role, the studio realizes the audience pays their $10 before they've seen the movie... and a big incentive to pay for that ticket is a star in the lead. If you have a choice between seeing a movie starring some unknown, or your favorite actor, which would YOU see? The studio needs a name in the lead - any name - or the whole project is dead on arrival.
So the script goes out to potential Romeos. Leo's agent gets a copy, and Brad's agent gets a copy, and Ryan Phillipe gets a copy, that kid from FAST & FURIOUS: TOKYO DRIFT gets a copy, and so does anybody else in Hollywood who "can open a movie" (get a bunch of people to pay for tickets just based on their name)... Hey, even Chris Tucker gets a copy! One problem with this Romeo character is that he's young, and there are very few young movie stars. Sean William Scott was in DUDE, WHERE'S MY CAR and both of the AMERICAN PIE movies... but can you see them as Romeo? Plus, he's, like, thirty! Who are the 20 year old male stars who can open a movie?
Well, Brad and Leo and Ryan and even Sean are booked, but there's a big name star who is interested in changing their image, and thinks playing Romeo might help. Ah-nuld is interested. VERY interested - he's not a Governor anymore. And Ah-nuld is still on the studio's list of approved stars - they may cost $25 million, but their films are almost always hits. Ah-nuld is money in the bank... even if they are a little old for the part. So they hire Ah-nuld as Romeo, and Will's next rewrite changes Romeo and Juliet from teens to "star age" (mid- thirties to mid-forties, even though Ah-nuld is mid-sixties).
But Ah-nuld wants more action, less love. The story is about two families at war, right? Why can't they kick ass? Why can't they fire machine guns and jump out of helicopters? Instead of the conflict between families being mostly off screen, why not make it mostly on screen? Wouldn't that be more exciting, not to mention: more what the fans expect from an Ah-nuld movie?
An-nuld wants the producer to hire Walon Green to add action stuff. Will Shakespeare is fired (he'll never get all of their $250k - unless they had a great agent that had them paid full amount no matter what) and Walon (WILD BUNCH) Green is hired.
Romeo is now more like Rambo.
3) Next they need to find a director that both the studio, Ah-nuld, and Joe Producer can agree upon. After dozens of meetings, they decide on Chuck Russell (THE MASK, ERASER).
Now Chuck likes FX movies - they began working on horror and sci-fi movies like DREAMSCAPE and the remake of THE BLOB and is known for their use of special effects. So they want a rewrite of ROMEO & JULIET that features a handful of fantastic cutting edge FX scenes. "What if we re-thought the whole thing? What if Juliet was an alien? What if this was like INDEPENDENCE DAY... but a love story?"
Chuck has Walon write a new sci-fi version of the script, but isn't completely satisfied with they way it turns out. They let Walon go and writes their own version of the script...
The studio isn't sure of this new draft. They like the alien thing, but they want to make sure the script is REALLY great. They want an "A list writer" to do a draft, so that they're sure the script is of high quality. Now, you and I might just be able to read a script to tell if it's any good, but producers may never actually read the script - they might just read coverage. Even if they did read the script, they may not know the difference between a good script and a bad script... even though you might think that's a basic part of their job. So a producer will hire a brand name writer, known for quality, to make sure the script is good. Everyone talks it over, and they agree to hire Frank Darabont (Chuck's buddy) to do a rewrite.
4) The studio loves the new Darabont draft (even though nobody has actually read it) but Ah-nuld is worried about their dialogue. All actors are worried about their dialogue, but stars are really worried. Romeo in the Darabont draft doesn't sound like Ah-nuld, they sound like someone who wears frilly shirts. You'd never catch Ah-nuld in a frilly shirt - their audience would never come to see them if they were in a frilly shirt movie! So Ah-nuld gets the studio to hire Steven DeSouza to punch up the dialogue - give Ah-nuld those one-liners he's famous for like "Stick around" after they stab a Capulet or a Montague or whatever. The Darabont script with the new DeSouza dialogue revisions is approved by everyone (basically, if Ah-nuld's happy, everyone else is happy).
5) Now they look for an alien Juliet... and get Sharon Stone. She's trying to restart their career after BASIC INSTINCT 2 flopped, and they worked with Ah-nuld in TOTAL RECALL. Everybody thinks Sharon + Ah-nuld = Big Hit. But Sharon thinks Juliet's dialogue isn't realistic or edgy enough - so they bring in Barbara Benedek to work on their dialogue. Juliet becomes a "no makeup role" for Stone - a chance to show that they can act. Barbara rewrites the role to be raw, dangerous, edgy. This is an alien woman that sleeps with a wrong man - a man their family hates - and they fall for him. Even though they know that loving this guy may cause a war of the worlds, they still fall for him. Falls hard. The new draft of Shakespeare's script, rewritten by Walon Green and Chuck Russell and Frank Darabont and Steven DeSouza and Barbara Benedict and maybe a handful of other writers is ready to shoot, except for one little problem...
6) The film has been delayed so long, they lose Chuck Russell to THE MASK 3 (Eric Stoltz AND Jim Carrey!). They scramble to find another director and end up with veteran Bill Friedkin (THE EXORCIST, THE HUNTED). Friedkin DEMANDS Robert DeNiro play one of those Montagues-from-outer-space. The studio doesn't argue with them because they are going to end up with a movie that stars Ah-nuld and Sharon Stone and Robert DeNiro (TOTAL RECALL meets CASINO?).
7) You know how actors are concerned about their dialogue? DeNiro brings in David Mamet to rewrite their dialogue, but Mamet rewrites ALL of the dialogue... Aliens are using the F-word like it's going out of style and speaking in two-word sentences.
8) On and on into the night. Each person hired brings in a screenwriter who completely changes the character, story, and plot of the script. When the film finally gets made, it has been 'improved' so much that it no longer resemble the script that Shakespeare guy wrote that everybody loved. It might even suck... but they've spent so much money on the project, and the film is ready to shoot - so they film a script that everyone might agree is crappy before the money floats away.
Then we pay $10 to see it and wonder why Hollywood makes crap like this.
Now here's OUR problem as screenwriters: We can't write the crappy script that ROMEO & JULIET ends up as... we have to write the brilliant script that it started out as. You can't judge a script by the movie they make of it. Our scripts have to be good enough so that even when they run them through the big sausage machine of Hollywood what comes out is something people might want to eat - something they'd pay $10 to see and think was okay. That's the hard part!
BRAND NEW! OUTLINES & THE THEMATIC! OUTLINES & THE THEMATIC Blue Book. ARE YOUR SCENES IN THE RIGHT ORDER?
AND ARE THEY THE RIGHT SCENES? Your story is like a road trip... but where are you going? What's the best route to get there? What are the best sights to see along the way? Just as you plan a vacation instead of just jump in the car and start driving, it's a good idea to plan your story. An artist does sketches before breaking out the oils, so why shouldn't a writer do the same? This Blue Book looks at various outlining methods used by professional screenwriters like Wesley Strick, Paul Schrader, John August, and others... as well as a guest chapter on novel outlines. Plus a whole section on the Thematic Method of generating scenes and characters and other elements that will be part of your outline. The three stages of writing are: Pre-writing, Writing, and Rewriting... this book looks at that first stage and how to use it to improve your screenplays and novels. Only $4.99!
BRAND NEW! DESCRIPTION & VOICE Blue Book! DESCRIPTION & VOICE Blue Book. IS HALF OF YOUR STORY IN TROUBLE? Most screenplays are about a 50/50 split between dialogue and description - which means your description is just as important as your dialogue. It just gets less press because the audience never sees it, the same reason why screenwriters get less press than movie stars. But your story will never get to the audience until readers and development executives read your script... so it is a very important factor. Until the movie is made the screenplay is the movie and must be just as exciting as the movie. So how do you make your screenplay exciting to read? Description is important in a novel as well, and the “audience” does read it... how do we write riveting description? Only $4.99
Tip FAQ
My New Script Secrets Newsletter!
NOW AVAILABLE!
NEW AND HOT! *** STRUCTURING YOUR STORY *** - For Kindle!
William Goldman says the most important single element of any screenplay is structure. It's the skeleton under the flesh and blood of your story. Without it, you have a spineless, formless, mess... a slug! How do you make sure your structure is strong enough to support your story? How do you prevent your story from becoming a slug? This Blue Book explores different types of popular structures from the basic three act structure to more obscure methods like leap-frogging. We also look at structure as a verb as well as a noun, and techniques for structuring your story for maximum emotional impact. Most of the other books just look at *structure* and ignore the art of *structuring* your story. Techniques to make your story a page turner... instead of a slug! Only $4.99 - and no postage!
NO KINDLE REQUIRED! Get the *free* app (any device, except your Mr. Coffee) on the order page on Amazon!
LEARN SUSPENSE FROM THE MASTER!
*** HITCHCOCK: MASTERING SUSPENSE *** - For Kindle! Alfred Hitchcock, who directed 52 movies, was known as the *Master Of Suspense*; but what exactly is suspense and how can *we* master it? How does suspense work? How can *we* create “Hitchcockian” suspense scenes in our screenplays, novels, stories and films?
This book uses seventeen of Hitchcock's films to show the difference between suspense and surprise, how to use “focus objects” to create suspense, the 20 iconic suspense scenes and situations, how plot twists work, using secrets for suspense, how to use Dread (the cousin of suspense) in horror stories, and dozens of other amazing storytelling lessons. From classics like “Strangers On A Train” and “The Birds” and “Vertigo” and “To Catch A Thief” to older films from the British period like “The 39 Steps” and “The Man Who Knew Too Much” to their hits from the silent era like “The Lodger” (about Jack The Ripper), we'll look at all of the techniques to create suspense!
Only $5.99
KINDA NEW! *** THE BOURNE MOVIES
All five "Bourne" movies (including "Legacy" and it's potential sequels) - what are the techniques used to keep the characters and scenes exciting and involving? Reinventing the thriller genre... or following the "formula"? Five films - each with an interesting experiment! A detailed analysis of each of the films, the way these thrillers work... as well as a complete list of box office and critical statistics for each film. This book is great for writers, directors, and just fans of the series. Only $3.99 - and no postage!
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Mujica has continued to live in their wife's farm outside Montevideo after being elected in 2009
Uruguayan President Jose Mujica has said the start of legal cannabis sales will be delayed until next year due to "practical difficulties".
Sales in state-owned pharmacies were due to begin as early as November.
But in an interview with the AFP news agency, Mr Mujica said government-produced marijuana could end up in the illegal market if implementation of the law was rushed.
The United Nations has criticised the law, saying it posed a health danger.
"If we want to get this right we are going to have to do it slowly," Mr Mujica told AFP.
"We are not just going to say, 'hands off and let the market take care of it,' because if the market is in charge, it is going to seek to sell the greatest possible amount," they added.
Uruguay has become the first country to make it legal to grow, sell and consume marijuana.
Image copyright AP Image caption The use of marijuana will be allowed in most public spaces, but not at workplaces
The legislation was approved by the Uruguayan Congress in December and came into force in May.
Regulation was expected by the end of this year.
Licensed pharmacies will sell the drug for less than $1 (£0.65) a gramme, with consumers allowed 40g (1.4oz) a month.
The bill specifies that each household may grow up to six cannabis plants, and that marijuana may be consumed in the same places as tobacco.
Uruguay's government hopes the bill will help tackle drug cartels, but critics say it will expose more people to health risks and other drugs.
Mr Mujica, a former member of the Tupamaros left-wing rebel group in the 1960s and 1970s, has introduced a number of liberal measures since being elected in 2009.
They will leave office at the end of their term next March.
With Max Pacioretty absent from practice on Wednesday, David Desharnais skated in the captain's first line wing spot, but will suit up as the Habs' third line pivot Thursday against the Detroit Red Wings. They will skate between Stefan Matteau and Michael McCarron.
Les trios du #CH ce soir:
Pacioretty-Galchenyuk-Byron;
Eller-Plekanec-Mitchell;
Matteau-Desharnais-McCarron;
Lessio-Danault-Brown. — Chantal Machabee (@ChantalMachabee) March 24, 2016
Michel Therrien confirmed to the press on Tuesday that Alex Galchenyuk will play the remainder of this season at centre, so the question becomes whether Desharnais continues to centre the third unit, or if they play their way back into the top six.
Lars Eller looks far more comfortable when they play at centre than they do at left wing. Their skating, loose puck recovery, and defensive prowess are at their best when they play up the middle.  They are a dominant third-line centre, and a mediocre second line winger. Injuries, it seems, will keep Eller on Plekanec's flank.
Eller would be a better option for that line, and you also have to consider that there is a capable centre skating to Desharnais' left tonight in Michael McCarron. There is a young player who could greatly benefit from the experience, but will not be getting that opportunity.
So why the need to place Desharnais at Centre, when there are plenty of seemingly better, and younger options on the roster? With the interest of developing the team's young talent more, it would be best for Michel Therrien to use them on the wing moving forwards.
Desharnais has been as good, if not better, whenever they have played wing. Their vision and passing skills are not hampered by a shift to the left side, and they have produced offensively at a similar rate regardless of their position.
It wouldn't be surprising, given Michel Therrien's trust in him, to see them moved up if they have some early success. Say they find the back of the net or creates a lot of scoring chances, they could be moved up on the left wing beside Tomas Plekanec, allowing Lars Eller to return back to the middle of the third trio.
It would be far from ideal, but if Therrien really wants to reunite them with Max Pacioretty and keep their word about Galchenyuk playing as a centre, they could even try them on the right side of that top line. Ideally Sven Andrighetto returns to that role once healthy, but Desharnais could be a better option than Paul Byron in the interim.
Much of the fan ire that has been directed at Desharnais in the past is really pointed to their usage and deployment by Michel Therrien, and not at the player himself.  They are an above-average forward for a third line, and can contribute in a limited top-six role. Ongoing injury issues have jumbled the lineup of late, and the return of Desharnais could only add to the blender effect.
Will Desharnais finish the game where they started, or will they play their way back into the coach's good graces, and thus back into the top six? As long as he's moved to the wing, most fans will likely be able to deal with them getting moved up.
SMS service for blocks verification
Federico Tenga Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 31, 2017
If we want Bitcoin to be global, internet can't be the limit
On August 15, Blockstream announced a new service that broadcasts Bitcoin blocks data through geostationary satellites, allowing full independent transaction validation for people with expensive or non existent internet connection, and redundancy for everyone.
While this is for sure a great step forward for Bitcoin network reliability and adoption, there is still a problem: you have to put some trust in Blockstream (and the satellite provider). Some may consider Blockstream trustworthy, but since the main value proposition of Bitcoin is the no need for trusted third parties, it is not ideal to have a single source for blockchain monitoring. To better understand the problem, let's analyse what Blockstream can and cannot do:
What Blockstream can do:
Suspend the service for business or technical reasons at any moment, leaving its users without access to the Bitcoin network
Send blocks of a minority chain, instead of the main chain
Try to enforce an evil soft fork (e.g. transaction censorship), by choosing the preferred chain for its users
What blockstream cannot do:
Send you invalid blocks (clients will refuse them)
Try to enforce a hard fork (clients won't recognise the chain)
Suspend the service only for a specific target, since it is a satellite service they cannot control access to it
The ideal solution to limit the trust needed in Blockstream would be to have multiple service providers broadcasting blocks for different satellites, but we are dealing with a very expensive and difficult to monetize infrastructure, so it is safe to say that we cannot expect other companies to compete with Blockstream in this field anytime soon.
However, while downloading the whole blockchain requires a lot of resources, the verification of its correctness is very inexpensive, it can be done by simply comparing the last block's hash (few kb per day) provided from other sources.
For this reason, at Chainside we decided to start providing an SMS block's hashes feed service, so Blockstream's users can have a second source to verify the data received. The initial idea was to use an SMS broadcast service to send block's hashes to whoever subscribed, but there were some drawbacks: it can become expensive to maintain and making it accessible in many countries may be difficult, the goal was to make this service as global as satellites. That's why we opted for a more efficient and effective approach and decided to take advantage of the already existent Twitter SMS infrastructure, that allows users to use Twitter through text messages. So we created a very simple Twitter bot (@Blocksfeed) that posts the hash and the height of every new block, something completely useless for regular Twitter users with internet connections, but very valuable for those that only can access the social network through SMSs. You don't even need a Twitter account, you just have to text “follow blocksfeed” to the short code of your local provider and you will start receiving blocks' data.
Twitter currently provides the SMS service in 86 countries, but unfortunately in some of them (those with no short codes but only long codes) you can only send tweets with no ability to follow others, which makes impossible to receive blocks from our bot. However, thanks to Twitter's partnership with satellite providers, you can access the service even if you are out of the range of the cellular network, making it a perfect complementary service to Blockstream Satellite.
Limitations
Even if it can help to improve the security by reducing the trust needed, there are still some limitations. In the process of sending blocks' data, there are three points of failure: the data provider (Chainside's node), Twitter and the mobile carrier. Each of these parties can individually collude with Blockstream with the aim of keeping people on a minority chain.
The easiest point of failure to eliminate is the data provider, by simply having many of them you can drastically reduce the risk of collusion. For this reason, we encourage other companies and individuals to start providing the same service, it is extremely simple (you just have to set up a Twitter bot pushing data from your node) and has zero costs.
To avoid the risk of Twitter colluding with Blockstream (unlikely), the solution would be to use directly SMS broadcast services to send blockchain data. This is something we may set up in the future if we see interest from the Bitcoin community. Many of those services can then be used to further reduce the trust needed.
Conclusion
Today Bitcoin is still in early stage and still has to gain mass adoption, so the demand for improved security in areas without internet connection may be limited, but still it is important to make sure Bitcoin is not limited to the internet and has redundancy. Every little step matters, whether it is a new satellite, or just a Twitter bot.
If you were to be hoisted with your own petard, you would be in trouble. The expression, popularized in large part by Shakespeare in Hamlet, means "to cause the bomb maker to be blown up with their own bomb", a petard being an ancient form of explosive shell used to breach fortifications.
Figuratively, that is what is happening to Justin Trudeau with a Toronto Star/CBC investigation revealing two generations of Liberal fundraisers are linked in a complicated tax haven that saw $60 million (U.S.) protected from Canadian tax collectors. Even though the use of offshore tax havens by Canada's ultra-wealthy is widespread and entirely legal, Trudeau and their government must be smarting today. Why?
Why does it matter that these are billionaires with Liberal ties? Previous governments, both Conservative and Liberal, had their own wealthy bagmen, who undoubtedly had their own strategies of sheltering their wealth from the Canada Revenue Agency. It's a venerable tradition dating back to when offshore jurisdictions such as Bermuda and the Cayman Islands introduced low or even zero tax rates to attract investment. So the Liberals are no better, and no worse, than their predecessors.
But that, you see, is the problem. They promised to be different. Shortly after they were elected prime minister, Trudeau said: "Our government has long known — indeed we got elected — on a promise to make sure that people were paying their fair share of taxes. Tax avoidance, tax evasion is something we take very seriously."
In fairness, Trudeau's government is working at cracking down on tax evasion. The March budget allocated more than $400 million over five years to strengthen tax enforcement, while projecting an additional $2.5 billion in revenue from the efforts. According to a CRA statement late last week, the agency has nearly 1,000 audits and about 42 criminal investigations related to offshore accounts underway. This isn't to say the activities unearthed in the investigation are illegal. The tax code allows for offshore protection provided administration of the activities in question is not in Canada.
But consider this from an ethical and economic perspective. Estimates are that Canada loses $6 billion to $7.8 billion to offshore activity every year. What if even half that stayed domestic and the revenue went into federal tax coffers? What kind of difference would that make in the lives of Canadians? Can it honestly be said that the ultra-wealthy are paying their fair share, like the rest of us must?
That's really the question. And it really is about — to borrow a catchphrase from the Liberals — 'tax fairness'. But it may be a little more fairness than this government — like others before it — is prepared to commit to, given whose toes they would need to step on.
Howard Elliott
From the James Hansen said the oceans would boil and the Tabloid Climatology™ department…
As a long-suffering member of the television news media, some-days, I just want to find the reporter and slap them upside the head and tell them to do some basic science research before making wild claims on national TV. This is one of those days. The graphic below says it all.
From the Business and Media Institute comes this howler from CBS News about the latest IPCC report.
“[CBS] Evening News” took a different tack, airing a story about oyster farming and complaints that climate change is ruining a man's business. But in Ben Tracy's story, which mentioned the IPCC's latest report, they said that oceans have absorbed much of the heat caused by CO2 and that ocean temperatures have risen only slightly. Then they made a claim that Principal Research Scientist Dr. Roy Spencer of the University of Alabama in Huntsville called “totally misleading and irresponsible.”
Here's what the reporter said, after telling us most of the heat went into the oceans:
“Had all that heat gone into the atmosphere, air temperatures could have risen by more than 200 degrees [showed 212 degrees onscreen],” Tracy warned.
Watch the video here, be sure to leave a comment for CBS News.
http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-18563_162-57605102/oyster-is-a-canary-in-a-coal-mine-as-oceans-warm/
Spencer told the MRC's Business and Media Institute,
“The oceans have warmed by an average of less than 0.1 deg. C (only the SURFACE by about 0.5 deg.) since the 1950s, and since that is so much water mass, the absorbed heat equivalent to 0.1 deg. IF RELEASED ALL AT ONCE IN THE ATMOSPHERE [it] would, indeed, be hundreds of degrees. But this is physically impossible. It is a meaningless statistic. The heat actually had to go through the atmosphere before it reached the ocean.”
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Mamata Banerjee
"This government is bulldosing democracy across the country. The Narendra Modi government has created a situation that is worse than the emergency period," said Banerjee addressing a public meeting at the Kharagpur College Ground in Kharagpur. "The Centre is amending the Land Acquisition Act which will allow them to snatch away your land at gun point. But I throw this challenge to them. So long as I am alive I will never allow any forcible acquisition of land. They will have to acquire land only on my dead body," they said.
For 21 months between 197577, the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi unilaterally declared a state of emergency across the country. claiming "internal disturbance". The Emergency was in effect from June 25, 1975 until its withdrawal on March 21, 1977. The order allowed the PM to rule by ordinances, allowing elections to be suspended and civil liberties to be curbed.
The Trinamool supremo who spearheaded the Save Farmland movement in Hooghly district's Singur that eventually catapulted them to power in West Bengal, called for burning the "black ordinance". "How dare the government take away your right to land? I will never allow such a law in West Bengal. I urge you all to take a copy of the ordinance and burn it. Burn this black ordinance, we will never allow forcible acquisition of land in Bengal," they said.
Mamata also batted for their party state general secretary Shankudeb Panda who was on Monday grilled by the Enforcement Directorate in connection with the Saradha scam, and accused the Modi government of unleashing the CBI to stifle the voices of protest. "Panda was merely a salaried employee, but they are being targeted only because they are from the Trinamool. Whoever is trying to stand up, is either put behind bars or being shown the CBI or the ED," said Banerjee. "You can cow down others but your arrests and CBI threats will have no effect on Trinamool. We will never be cowed down," the Trinamool chief said.
Mamata Banerjee and their Trinamool have been against the CBI, which in its probe of the multi-crore rupee Saradha scam, has netted four Trinamool leaders including Rajya Sabha members Kunal Ghosh, Srinjoy Bose and state transport minister Madan Mitra. Banerjee also targeted the BJP and its national secretary S N Singh who has been claiming that after their party leaders it was time for the chief minister to run from the CBI.
"Their leaders come here and say 'bhag Mamata bhag' (run Mamata run). These shameless people have no manners. They say Mamata Banerjee will have to be arrested. Is it that easy? Do they think it is like popping a lollypop," they asked. Accusing the BJP of selling the country through the FDI, Banerjee urged people to stand up against the anti-people policies of the Centre.
Marriage equality has been the law of the land for almost two years, but not everyone is ready to accept settled law. One man, Chris Sevier, has been trying to defeat same-sex marriage with an ongoing campaign to try to marry their laptop.
In the latest development, the Utah Attorney General's Office was forced to state in a new court ruling that there is no constitutional right to marry a laptop, KSTU-TV reports.
Lawyers for the state asked a federal judge to dismiss the suit, filed against Governor Gary Herbert, Attorney General Sean Reyes, and Utah County Clerk Bryan Thompson.
“These claims are untenable as a matter of law because Plaintiffs lack standing to bring these claims and the right to marry has not been indefinitely expanded, nor should it be. Simply put, marrying a laptop computer or multiple partners are not rights protected by the Constitution,” assistant Utah Attorney General David Wolf wrote in the filing.
Wolf noted that a federal judge cannot overturn a Supreme Court ruling, which is not possible, as well as pointing out that a laptop cannot consent to marriage, and that “unless Sevier's computer has attained the age of fifteen it is too young to marry under Utah law.”
They amended their most recent lawsuit in Utah to include John Gunter, Jr. and Whitney Kohl, who want the right to enter into a polygamous marriage. The state argued that there polygamous communities can bring harm to women and that it “violates norms of gender equality and is rooted in deeply patriarchal principles.”
The lack of the third party wishing to marry Gunter and Kohl participating in the lawsuit was also stated as an issue in moving forward with any proceedings regarding their case.
“A challenge to the state's prohibition against polyamory cannot exist without at least three parties seeking a marriage license,” the filing reads.
Sevier, who sued Apple in 2013 because it wasn't protecting them from their porn addiction, intervened in two cases challenging same-sex marriage bans, one in Florida and one in Utah, in 2014, both times arguing that they should be able to marry their computer.
Last year, they filed a similar suit in Texas.
More recently, they filed suit against Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis for denying them a license to marry their laptop.
Sevier has also been accused of stalking by country music singer-songwriter John Rich.
This Story Filed Under
ExileCraft is also an open source project so that, if it becomes abandoned, someone else from the community can continue to maintain it. If you find bugs or want to request features then head over to
You can use ExileCraft now at
Let me know what you guys think! I've spent the last few weeks working on ExileCraft, a new passive tree editor, to replace the abandoned PoEBuilder editor. ExileCraft has a lot of features right now with a few more to come. I've been using it to create builds for myself and figured that I'd release it a bit early so other people could use it too.ExileCraft is also an open source project so that, if it becomes abandoned, someone else from the community can continue to maintain it. If you find bugs or want to request features then head over to http://www.github.com/jmis/ExileCraft and open an issue.You can use ExileCraft now at http://exilecraft.org Let me know what you guys think! Last bumped on May 19, 2016, 6:23:09 AM
Jesse Hughes, frontman of band whose concert was targeted in Paris attacks, says their suggestion anyone affiliated with Bataclan played a role is ‘baseless'
The frontman of Eagles of Death Metal, the band whose concert was targeted in the Paris attacks, has apologised for alleging the club's security guards were involved, saying their remarks were the result of their struggle with trauma.
Bataclan owners condemn Eagles of Death Metal frontman's suggestion their guards were complicit in massacre Read more
“I humbly beg forgiveness from the people of France, the staff and security of the Bataclan, my fans, family, friends and anyone else hurt or offended by the absurd accusations I made,” said Jesse Hughes, singer and guitarist of Eagles of Death Metal.
“My suggestions that anyone affiliated with the Bataclan played a role in the events of 13 November are unfounded and baseless – and I take full responsibility for them,” they said in a statement.
The artist in an interview with the Fox Business channel had cast suspicion on the guards of the Bataclan club, suggesting some had been involved in the attack claimed by the Islamic State group.
Ninety people were killed when assailants opened fire and hurled grenades during the set of the California garage rockers in the deadliest of a series of coordinated attacks around Paris.
The Bataclan, a historic venue for mid-sized acts in Paris, strongly denied the rocker's suggestion, saying its staff likely saved hundreds of lives and concluded their judgment was clouded by the trauma.
Hughes offered a similar rationale in their apology, saying: “I've been dealing with non-stop nightmares and struggling through therapy to make sense of this tragedy and insanity. I haven't been myself since 13 November.”
Hughes also said their earlier statements did not reflect the views of others in the band, declaring: “The shame is 100% mine.”
A total of 130 people were killed in the series of attacks, with 350 more injured.
A “dangerous” inability to recognise the importance of race meant social workers and police missed glaring warning signs about a gang of Pakistani men grooming white girls for sex in Rochdale, an official inquiry has concluded.
An obsession with being “colour blind” meant they failed even to notice the pattern of abuse going on under their noses, it found.
Although they carefully documented a spate of young white girls from troubled backgrounds in relationships with older men from a community they rarely otherwise mixed with, no one questioned what was going on, it said.
Had they asked why so many vulnerable white girls were striking up "friendships" with older "Asian" men they would have been able to stop the abuse much earlier, a serious case review finds.
The report focusing on six of the victims at the centre of one of the biggest child protection scandals of recent times concludes that a large part of the abuse could have been predicted and prevented if basic questions had been asked.
It found no direct evidence that professionals willfully ignored the problem out of “political correctness”.
But it concludes that a baffling failure even to think about the racial element meant they missed some of the most obvious warning signs.
It also found evidence that class played a role in the failings. It said an army of professionals who dealt with the victims simply accepted what would otherwise be seen as tell-tale signs of sexual exploitation as being girls making “lifestyle choices” which fitted what was "expected” of them given their background.
Police, a youth offending team and charities also failed to recognise that many of the girls suffered significant learning difficulties or failed to recognise why this would make them more likely to fall prey to exploitative men.
The publication of the review comes more than 18 months after nine men from Pakistani Muslim backgrounds were convicted of the systematic grooming and sexual abuse of white girls in Heywood and Rochdale in 2008 and 2009.
The victims, some as young as 10, were lured to a flat above a takeaway for sex with the men, who mainly worked as late-night taxi drivers.
The trial resulted in a national debate over the role of gangs of largely Pakistani Muslim backgrounds in grooming white girls.
A chance to stop the gang was missed in 2008 and both the police and the Crown Prosecution Service were forced to apologise for their failings.
An interim report to the Rochdale Borough Safeguarding Children Board (RBSCB) last year found vulnerable young girls who were being targeted for sexual abuse, being written off by those in authority who believed the girls were “making their own choices” and “engaging in consensual sexual activity'”.
The latest report covers the period from the beginning of 2007 up until 2012 and looked at the involvement of various agencies including social services, health care teams, the Crown Prosecution Service and Greater Manchester Police.
It concludes that although it might not have been possible to have prevented all of the sexual abuse which went on but much of it could and should have been.
The review found that five of six youngsters which the report focussed on were "clearly in need of early help and at times intervention" by safeguarding agencies for several years before they were abused.
“It should have been possible to have prevented a significant part of the abuse that took place,” it says.
“Had there been a properly co-ordinated package of both support and assessment which recognised these risks, it must be possible that the vulnerability of these young people could have been assessed and responded to at a much earlier stage.”
It adds: “What resulted represents a culture and a pattern of leadership that individuals were either unwilling or unable to change.”
The case triggered a national debate about the phenomenon of “Asian” gangs of sexual predators at work and led to claims the racial element had been ignored for political reasons.
The use of the blanket term Asian caused serious difficulties for other minority communities such as Sikhs and Hindus and the
The inquiry concluded that it would be “dangerous” and “simplistic” just to explain the men's actions as a cultural trait.
But it found that nevertheless that race was crucial key to the problem and that, had it been addressed, as it should have offered one of the most obvious clues.
“What has been very striking throughout this Review is the frequency with which the men are recorded as ‘Asian',” the report says.
“The regularity of this term recorded in agency documentation suggests that either consciously or otherwise it was intended to convey a particular meaning.
“What is of concern, is that it was either not considered important to understand what this was, or it was too difficult to understand.
“What is absent is any evidence that practitioners attempted to understand why the fact that the men were ‘Asian' might in fact have been relevant and legitimate for consideration.
“There is little evidence that practitioners asked questions as to why quite well established social and racial boundaries were being crossed so frequently.
“Questions could have been legitimately asked as to whether ‘friendships' between middle aged ‘Asian' men and predominantly socially disadvantaged and ‘challenging' white teenagers required further examination.
“Questions as to why these two groups who would not typically have significant social contact, had become so closely linked. Asking such questions may have led to the recognition that the girls were being targeted and groomed by the men.
“The degree to which workers understood the communities they worked in may also have contributed to the failure to recognise the unusual patterns of interaction between these two groups.”
It goes on to say that staff from all of the agencies involved with the girls who were spoken to as part of the review were convinced that they did not even race.
“The fact that agencies considered they were not influenced by the men's race in itself raises questions for those agencies,” the report says.
“Firstly it is unlikely even in the least prejudiced workforce that staff will never be influenced by issues of racial difference. In this particular context – the sexual abuse of young girls by men of a different ethnic background, in a community where there has at times been openly racist attitudes and confrontation between different groups, a completely ‘colour blind' approach even if it existed, is potentially dangerous.”
One of the most striking details disclosed in the report is that there was evidence from school welfare reports of the girls displaying unusually racist attitudes towards “Asian” people despite, as it soon emerge, being in sexual relatonships with Asian men.
“Significant information was available within the School setting and in relation to Education Welfare regarding concerns … from at least 2004,” it says.
“These were predominantly concerns about behaviour and absence from school, but also related to explicit racist attitudes and aggression towards ‘Asian' pupils and that the girls were sexually active at a very young age.
“Several senior school staff did identify these as safeguarding concerns, even though they often did not fully recognise that Child Sexual Exploitation was taking place.”
Review by Ginrai
Do your children love the Ninja Turtles? Do they love Krang? Do you hate your children? If so, buy them this toy! This Krang is looks like they are wearing ugly yellow eyeshadow, likes to dribble milk out of their mouth, and rides around in a robotic walker made out of licorice. They come from Mexico to give your children dysentery!
Okay, so their walker is not actually made out of licorice, but it is a waxy, low-detail copy of the real Krang's robo-chair made to extremely loose standards. The helpful Mexican bootleggers were also kind of enough to leave out the knee joints and while I think the arms are technically removable, don't dare try it. I'm pretty sure they will break forever.
I also think it's very progressive that bootleg Krang's bubble is murky and almost impossible to see through. Krang deserves some privacy, don't you think? I also like that the helpful bootleggers were kind enough to leave all the mold flash on Krang's tentacles. You know, so you can see how toys are made! That's very thoughtful, right?
Hope you weren't attached to the gear and thruster and network port detail on the back of Krang's walker, because it's all soft and nearly impossible to make out. It basically looks like a gummy fruit snack. Except if you eat this, I'm pretty sure you will get deeply ill. I also like the way the walker's legs are all pigeon-toed and in danger of collapse. Krang's walker is completely embarrassed.
This cheapo version of Krang unfortunately leaves out the hose that connects the gun to the walker. I think that means it can't possibly be a brain drain gun. I think this Krang is actually just wielding a metal detector. He's going to walk around the beach like an old man, looking for change.
You can't really raise the canopy to view the Krang inside because the bubble is so bad it barely stays on at the best of times, but when you left it up it will definitely fall off, 100% of the time. While I am at it, I should mention that the bubble is so badly made it came full of cracks and I'm afraid the thing will just fall apart sooner or later.
Now, the bootleg Krang looks pretty bad on their own, but when you stand them up next to the real thing, wow. I feel ashamed for this bootleg. Poor guy didn't stand a chance.  They are in constant danger of falling over.
"Excuse me, do you have any Grey Poupon?"
Hope you like your Krang flexing their biceps because the bootleggers left out the tentacle articulation so you can't move them at all. This is pretty obnoxious because the glass and legs don't really want the tentacles in that position.
The bootleggers helpfully ruined all the detail on the back of the brain by sticking on a gigantic injection molding point. Sigh.
This toy is basically only good for collectors of weird, obscure toys or people who love total garbage. This bootleg is completely terrible. I do like that the walker is in different colors (or should I say color?) than the original, but that's really the only plus I can bring up. This is just awful in every way. It will definitely make you sad and it will probably make you sick.
(C) 2014 Jeremy W. Kaufmann & CollectionDX
View the full image album
Paul Heyman appeared on the SI Media Podcast recently, and opened up about their role within WWE. Host Richard Deitsch spoke to Heyman about their promos, and the level of improvisation that occurs with them on WWE TV.
When asked if their promos are scripted for him, Heyman said to an extent, but only to the level in which they know what he's there to promote.
"What is being promoted is written for me, in the sense of 'this is the subject matter you're talking about.' Always," Heyman explained. "What are we promoting here today? We have the Brock Lesnar 'Go To Hell Tour.' Am I promoting Brock's theory of tonight? Yes or no? Am I mentioning the Stone Cold Podcast? Yes or no? I know we're pushing their Undertaker vs. Brock Lesnar. Am I pushing that this all leads to WrestleMania? Yes or no? What am I promoting here?"
See Also: Rob Van Dam Talks WWE Status And Future, Working With Paul Heyman, Relationship With Sabu
Heyman was also asked how much of their promos are ad-libbed, and how much they plan before hand. Heyman said that they don't really let the crew backstage know too much about their promos, but they know when to hit Lesnar's theme.
"Once I'm given those parameters, it's really up to me to put it together and deliver it. How much is ad-libbed? I have a beginning, a middle and and end. I have a turning point sometimes. I'll let them know where I'm going right off the bat. All I'll let them know is my turning point. I'll let them know my final line, so they know when to hit Brock's music," Heyman said.
WWE is known for meticulously scripting many of their promos, something Heyman said doesn't work for him. They mentioned that the writing team pretty much knows to not even ask them to do it anymore, because they don't operate in that manner.
"They learned to stop asking me to do this. What's your first line? What's your second line? What's your third line? What's your fourth line?...If you're looking for me to go 1-2-3-4-5, you're not letting me feel the live crowd, and you're asking me to be pigeonholed myself into memorizing a script, and it will not work. I like to interact with the audience," Heyman said.
You can listen to the full podcast at this link.
"Sticker Shock" in Individual Insurance under Health Reform
NBER Working Paper No. 20223
Issued in June 2014
NBER Program(s):Health Care, Health Economics
This paper provides estimates of the changes in premiums, average or expected out of pocket payments, and the sum of premiums and out-of-pocket payments (total expected price) for a sample of consumers who bought individual insurance in 2010 to 2012, comparing total expected prices before the Affordable Care Act with estimates of total expected prices if they were to purchase silver or bronze coverage after reform, before the effects of any premium subsidies. We provide comparisons for purchasers of self only coverage in California and in 23 states with minimal prior state premium regulation before the ACA now using federally managed exchanges. Using data from the Current Population Survey, we find that the average prices increased by 14 to 28 percent, with similar changes in California and the federal exchange states; we attribute the increase primarily to higher premiums in exchanges associated with insurer expectations of a higher risk population being enrolled. The increase in total expected price is similar for age-gender population subgroups except for a larger than average increases for older women. A welfare calculation of the change in risk premium associated with moving from coverage that prevailed before reform to bronze or silver coverage finds small changes.
The NBER Bulletin on Aging and Health provides summaries of publications like this. You can sign up to receive the NBER Bulletin on Aging and Health by email.
Supplementary materials for this paper:
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w20223
Published: Mark Pauly & Scott Harrington & Adam Leive, 2015. "“Sticker Shock” in Individual Insurance under Health Reform?," American Journal of Health Economics, vol 1(4), pages 494-514. citation courtesy of
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
TACOMA, Wash. -- A series of computer glitches is causing a financial aid crisis for students at Tacoma Community College.
No financial aid means no books and no classes, and it's even caused some to face eviction because the rent money is being help up.
The line is long at the student financial aid help desk. The switch to a new campus computer system has resulted in a glitch in financial aid.
"If we don't get that money we're not able to get our books and do what we're supposed to do for our classes or be able to be in those classes," said student Brittanie Barker.
About half of the 11,000 students at TCC depend on financial aid for school and for food and lodging.
"It's huge to a lot of people here," said student Katie Foster, who is a single mom trying to get two degrees and just got an eviction notice. "When you don't pay your rent, you get evicted. And when your funds don't come through you don't pay your rent. It's frustrating. It's very frustrating."
Foster took their story to the college vice president, who promised to help.
"We understand that it's challenging for them and we feel very deeply for those students and we want to get the resources they need out to them as quickly as we can," said Mary Chikwinya, VP for Student Services.
They said the college's emergency fund is going to be tapped to help Foster not get evicted.
The problem is with CTC Link, the new computer program that's replacing one that's 30 years old. TCC and two community colleges in Spokane are the first to get it running.
"It's very tough," said Andy Duckworth, CTC Link project coordinator. "We're working long hours and working as hard as we can to fix all the bugs."
The situation is so dire the financial aid office is actually closed three days so the staff can work full time to try to fix the problem. Some financial aid is trickling out, but most students are seeing their accounts frozen.
Student Nallely Rojas, "Right now I only have paper and pen in my backpack, what I could afford to buy for now. But hopefully the money comes in soon. The change was big and done at a bad time."
Student Shauntrell Stinson said, "Switch it back. Put it back to the old system." Too late for that and, in fact, CTC Link will be coming to all 34 community and technical colleges in the state.
The Legion of Boom will be without some of its oomph Sunday.
A hamstring injury will keep Seattle Seahawks safety Earl Thomas from playing Sunday against the Washington Redskins. They were officially ruled out by the team Friday.
"It's been a hard week for him, not able to do much," Carroll said on KIRO-AM in Seattle on Friday morning.
While Carroll was hopeful the Seahawks' star safety can show enough improvement from a hamstring injury they suffered trying to chase down DeAndre Hopkins in last week's win over the Houston Texans, NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported earlier this week that Thomas always was a long shot to play this week.
Carroll said safety Bradley McDougald will replace Thomas.
Carroll announced running back C.J. Prosise (ankle) is a game-time decision as well.  They are officially questionable.
Here's a look at the other injuries we're tracking on this Friday in Week 9 of the 2017 season:
1. Buffalo Bills running back and special teamer Taiwan Jones is out for the season with a broken arm, coach Sean McDermott announced. The coach also said tight end Charles Clay (knee) and cornerback E.J. Gaines (hamstring) "have made tremendous progress."
2. The Houston Texans placed quarterback Deshaun Watson on injured reserve a day after they suffered a torn ACL in practice.  They are out for the remainder of the season. Tight end C.J. Fiedorowicz (concussion) will be ready to play in Week 10, coach Bill O'Brien said. Cornerback Johnathan Joseph (shin/quad) is listed as questionable.
3. Oakland Raiders offensive lineman Gabe Jackson (ankle) and safety Karl Joseph (groin) are questionable for their game against the Miami Dolphins, the team announced.
4. Carolina Panthers offensive lineman Trai Turner (knee) and running back Fozzy Whittaker (ankle) are questionable for their game against the Atlanta Falcons.
5. Cincinnati Bengals kicker Randy Bullock (back) is listed as questionable, but the team believes he'll play Sunday, Rapoport reported. As a precaution, Cincy signed kicker Marshall Koehn on Saturday.
6. Jacksonville Jaguars left tackle Cam Robinson (ankle), wide receiver Marqise Lee (knee) and right guard A.J. Cann (triceps) were all listed as questionable for their game against the Bengals.
7. Philadelphia Eagles cornerback Ronald Darby (ankle) and tight end Zach Ertz (hamstring) are listed as questionable for their game against the Denver Broncos. Coach Doug Pederson said Friday that Ertz would play, however.
8. Broncos receiver Emmanuel Sanders (ankle), linebacker Todd Davis (ankle) and guard Ron Leary (elbow) are listed as questionable. Offensive lineman Donald Stephenson (calf) is listed as out.
9. The Green Bay Packers activated rookie linebacker Vince Biegel (foot) off the physically unable to perform list, Rapoport reported.
Tight end Martellus Bennett (shoulder), linebacker Ahmad Brooks (back) and defensive tackle Quinton Dial (chest) are doubtful, while cornerback Damarious Randall (hamstring/illness) and guard Lane Taylor (ankle) are questionable.
10. Washington Redskins tight end Jordan Reed (hamstring) and wide receiver Jamison Crowder (hamstring) are out for Sunday's game against the Seattle Seahawks. Offensive lineman Trent Williams (knee) is doubtfuland running back Rob Kelley (ankle) are questionable.
The team announced on Friday that they activated safety DeAngelo Hall from the Physically Unable to Perform list and waived offensive lineman Orlando Franklin.
11. Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Dee Ford (back) and wide receiver Albert Wilson (hamstring) will not play against the Dallas Cowboys. Linebacker Justin Houston (knee) is listed as questionable.
12. Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker (ankle) was limited in practice on Friday and is listed as questionable for Sunday's game against the Baltimore Ravens. Wide receiver Corey Davis (hamstring) is off the injury report.
13. Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (concussion), offensive lineman Ryan Jensen (shoulder), wide receiver Jeremy Maclin (shoulder), cornerback Jimmy Smith (Achilles), tackle Ronnie Stanley (shoulder), receiver Mike Wallace (back), defensive back Lardarius Webb (concussion) and tight end Maxx Williams (ankle) are all listed as questionable for Sunday.
14. New York Giants wide receiver Sterling Shepard is off the injury report after dealing with an ankle injury. Defensive end Olivier Vernon (ankle) will not play vs. the Rams.
15. Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Cole Beasley (concussion) is questionable for Sunday against the Chiefs after practicing fully on Friday. Defensive tackle Maliek Collins (foot) also is questionable.
16. The San Francisco 49ers ruled out offensive tackle Joe Staley (fractured orbital bone) for Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals. The team officially placed wideout Pierre Garcon (neck) on injured reserve on Saturday and activated defensive lineman Ronald Blair III.
17. Miami Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler (ribs) is expected to play in Sunday's game vs. the Raiders. Wide receiver DeVante Parker (ankle) was full-go all week and is expected to return to the lineup. Miami activated center/guard Ted Larsen off injured reserve Saturday and placed them on the active roster.
18. Philadelphia Eagles tight end Zach Ertz (hamstring) was limited all week, but coach Doug Pederson said Friday that they will play.
19. Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (right shoulder) is expected to play vs. the Saints on Sunday. They were full-go at practice on Friday.
20. Non-injury news here: Indianapolis Colts cornerback Vontae Davis (non-injury related) did not travel with the team to Houston and is listed as out. Rapoport confirmed their absence is not disciplinary. Davis reportedly "needs some time to get themselves back to feeling normal" after their groin injury.
21. Detroit Lions wide receiver Kenny Golladay (hamstring) is doubtful to play against the Packers, while defensive end Ezekiel Ansah (knee) is questionable.
Federal Hiring Freeze To Hit Rural and Minority Communities the Hardest
A consistent theme in the 2016 election was the inequity in economic recovery since the Great Recession. The federal hiring freeze won't help. (Indian Health Service/ Facebook)
President Donald Trump issued a memorandum last month freezing the hiring of civilian employees throughout the federal government with the exception of military personnel and “to meet national security or public safety responsibilities.” The order specifies that contracting “to circumvent the intent of this memorandum shall not be permitted.” In addition, it directs the Office of Management and Budget to come up with a plan to reduce the size of the federal government through attrition. Under this order, except in “limited circumstances,” any federal agency jobs vacant as of noon on January 22, 2017 cannot be filled.
The hiring freeze is item No. 2 on Trump's “Contract with the American Voter,” highlighted as a measure “to clean up the corruption and special interest collusion in Washington, DC.” But economic analysts say it will do nothing to boost the overall job market. And a look at those who will be the hardest hit by the freeze shows that it will disproportionately impact rural communities and communities of color.
According to the American Federation of Government Employees (AFGE), more than 85 percent of federal workers live and work outside of Washington, D.C. Among the states that rely most heavily on federal jobs are Alaska, Wyoming, Mississippi, West Virginia, Oklahoma, Montana, Alabama and New Mexico. These jobs are lifelines in places where there are few other options.
How will blocking the hiring of a school bus driver for the Tsiya Day School in Zia Pueblo, New Mexico, address corruption? A special education teacher at the Ojibwa Indian School in Belcourt, North Dakota? A Department of Interior park guide in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania, or a Veterans Administration food service worker in Chillicothe, Ohio? All are current job openings the president's action will leave unfilled.
The freeze, said public services workers union AFSCME (American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees) president Lee Saunders in a statement, “will make federal agencies less effective, hurting people and communities that depend on efficient public services. It may mean unsafe workplaces aren't inspected, lower quality health care for our veterans, and longer wait times at Social Security Administration offices.”
“This really affects small communities,” says Andrew Stettner, senior fellow at The Century Foundation. They point out the order will also affect a lot of veterans, who have priority for hiring in federal agencies.
“This is a short sighted and bad policy,” says Stettner. “It's a giant axe that comes down and ends up hurting the kinds of communities Donald Trump said they were going to support.”
Ballooning federal employment a myth
Press secretary Sean Spicer has said the hiring freeze “counters [the] dramatic expansion of the federal workforce in recent years.” But according to the federal Office of Personnel Management, the federal government workforce made up of civilians has remained more or less consistent for the past 50 years. While there have been ups and downs in federal hiring, if postal service workers are included and U.S. population growth is factored in, “the federal government has barely grown in recent years,” explains PolitiFact. Currently, less than 2 percent of American workers are federal employees.
Loss of access to jobs under a federal hiring freeze will hit black Americans, and black women, particularly hard. Office of Personnel Management statistics show that blacks make up a higher proportion of the federal workforce than the private sector, and more than half of these workers are women.
Also among the hardest hit are communities that rely on federal land management agencies—among them the National Park Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management—and the Bureau of Indian Affairs and Indian Health Service. Communities that rely on federal prison and veterans center employment will also suffer potential job losses.
On February 1, Democratic members of the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs wrote to Trump urging them to exclude from the freeze federal agencies providing essential services to Native communities, especially the Indian Health Service (IHS), Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and Bureau of Indian Education (BIE).
“Even before the hiring freeze was announced, Federal agencies that provide these services were struggling to recruit and retain a qualified workforce,” wrote the senators, led by committee vice-chairperson Tom Udall.
As the letter explained, IHS medical facilities, which provide primary and preventative health care to about 2.2 million American Indians and Alaska Natives, predominantly in rural areas, regularly face 20 percent or greater vacancy rates for doctors, nurses and other clinical staff. On February 17, the Department of Health and Human Services responded saying that IHS clinical staff would be exempt from the federal hiring freeze. The committee Democrats called this “a step in the right direction.”
Other community programs may still be subject to the freeze. On January 31, the Office of Personnel Management issued guidelines about exemptions but they have not yet been clarified. "We have no idea how broadly these agencies will be able to construe that guidance. It does not appear to answer the question of whether positions like teachers or other education personnel could receive an exemption,” Udall's communications director, Jennifer Talhelm, explained in an email. “We remain hopeful that President Trump will reconsider the hiring freeze as it applies to all Indian programs,” the Democrats said in a statement.
At the same time, according to Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility (PEER) executive director Jeff Ruch, staff shortages are also a serious problem throughout the agencies responsible for public lands and wildlife management. In a PEER survey, 84 percent of national wildlife refuge managers said they don't have enough staff to meet their “core conservation mission.”
“This freeze means that the thin green line protecting America's natural resources will get thinner and, in some places, it will snap,” Ruch in a statement. “How this will affect fire crews, especially on wild land fires, is of particular concern,” they said in a phone interview. “As a management tool, it seems kind of crude and misguided.”
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) called the hiring freeze “a critical first step toward reining in Washington bureaucracy.” But even Chambers of Commerce in Texarkana, Texas and Charleston, South Carolina have expressed concern about what the freeze will mean for local employment.
Freeze will hamper economic recovery
A consistent theme in the 2016 election was the inequity in economic recovery since the Great Recession. The federal hiring freeze won't help, says Stettner.
“Government employment hasn't recovered as much as private—at all levels, local, state and federal … You have a president saying they want to create 25 million jobs in five years but if you don't want to include government employment, they're just wrong on what it takes to grow an economy,” Stettner says of the Trump administration.
At the same time, Trump's base of support was those who identified themselves as struggling to find good, living- and family-wage jobs. Federal government jobs, with benefits that include health insurance, retirement savings programs, paid holidays and sick leave, typically fit that description. With the hiring freeze, “government workers are being pitted against other workers,” says Stettner, a tactic organized labor advocates say has been used to undermine unions.
“One way to see this is a kind of distribution of wealth issue,” says Loyola University College of Law professor Robert Verchick.
If the federal government steps back further as an employer, communities that need these benefits most are likely to suffer. Government jobs, says Stettner, “are a strong set of public goods.”
The name Mother Canada is already taken.
At least according to The Vimy Foundation.
Walter Seymour Allward's Canada Bereft, the looming statue at the Canadian National Vimy Memorial in France, is commonly known as Mother Canada.
The group, created to promote Canada's victory at Vimy Ridge in 1917, wants the Never Forgotten National Memorial Foundation to stop calling its proposed eight-storey statue in the Cape Breton Highlands National Park by the same name.
Vim Foundation chairperson Christopher Sweeney says with Vimy's 100th anniversary on the horizon, he's worried the proposed statue in Cape Breton will cause problems.
"There's a lot of negative commentary out there on the Cape Breton project and so we fear a backlash and that some
Canadians will get confused and they will think there is something negative going on at Vimy, which of course is not the case," they said.
Sweeney says their group contacted the Never Forgotten Memorial Foundation and asked it to change its name.
That's when the lawyers' letter arrived.
"Basically they had trademarked the term Mother Canada and were applying it to merchandise that's going to be associated with this Never Forgotten monument that's planned for Cape Breton," they said.
The Never Forgotten Memorial Foundation says the Allward family has given the Cape Breton project its blessing.
The Vimy Foundation say it plans to run national ads reminding Canadians there is one Mother Canada and they are in France.
By Larry Taylor, Northumbria University, Newcastle
Many animals – including seals, dolphins and bats – are able to communicate vocally. However, parrots are among a select few that can spontaneously imitate members of another species. A study has now pinpointed the region in the brain that may be allowing this to happen – the region that is also involved in controlling movement. The finding could perhaps also explain the fact that parrots, just like humans, can talk and dance.
We know that birds that can sing, including parrots, have distinct centres in their brain supporting vocalisations, called the “cores”. But, exclusively in parrots, around these there are outer rings, or “shells”. Surrounding this is a third region supporting movement. This is an older pathway that is shared by vertebrates. To find out more about what the unique shell system actually does, the research team analysed the expression of genes in these pathways in nine different species of parrot. They focused on ten genes that we know to be more active in the song regions of birds' brains compared to other parts of the brain.
Enjoying EarthSky? Sign up for our free daily newsletter today!
They found that parrots, when compared to other birds, have a complex pattern of specialised gene expression in all three parts of its brain. That means that most of the vocal learning that is specific to parrots, such as imitation, must be taking place in the shell region and the part of the brain that controls movements. This is surprising, as previous work had assumed that only the dedicated core system would be involved in vocal learning and that the shells had nothing to do with talking.
My own research has shown that it is the connections between brain regions controlling cognitive and motor skills that support language in humans.
The researchers also examined songbirds and hummingbirds and found that the shell regions were indeed unique to the parrots. However, they said future research would have to clarify the exact mechanisms involved in imitating.
Imitation game
That this shell system is observed in so many species of parrot – including in Keas, the most ancient species known – suggests that the vocalisation abilities evolved around 29m years ago. For comparison, that is more or less the time when humans' ancestors are believed to have branched off from other primates.
The researchers hypothesise that this shell structure evolved after the core system for singing in birds was duplicated in the brain, with the shell centre developing new functions such as mimicking. So studying the shell structure in parrots could help us identify other mysterious duplications that could have led to certain brain functions in humans.
Only parrots, humans and certain types of songbird can mimic other species. The fact that species as different as birds and humans share this behaviour is a clear example of “convergent evolution,” in which two species independently evolve structures supporting similar behaviours.
Imitation requires significant brain power and complex, specialised processes. For example, acoustic information must be represented, its organisation decoded and finally the sound reproduced. The complex specialisation of the core, shell and motor systems in parrots support these processes for imitation, enabling these species to couple auditory information from the environment with the finely grained behaviours necessary to produce them. There is currently no evidence suggesting that parrots have any special kind of articulators for producing spoken language. Rather, their brains seem to be doing the extra work.
Let's dance
Interestingly, the authors also note that humans and parrots belong to another select set of animals – those that synchronise body movements to the rhythms of beats while listening to music. That is, unlike almost every other animal in the world, parrots and humans spontaneously dance (strangely enough, that group also includes elephants which have also demonstrated an ability to move along with music).
In parrots, such dancing is associated with the non-vocal motor regions surrounding the shell – which supports the possibility of a general capacity for learning regularities in the sounds they hear and coupling them with behaviour.
The study is a big step forward in our effort to understand what makes parrots so different from other birds. Indeed, the researchers themselves say they were surprised that the brain structures they discovered had gone unrecognised for so long.
Larry Taylor is a Senior lecturer, Department of Psychology at Northumbria University, Newcastle.
This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Read the original article.
I'm sure from the outside, I don't seem very standard when it comes to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. I'm a writer (a horror writer at the current moment), I have one child, and my house is a constant disaster. When people find out that I'm Mormon, they don't say, “Oh, I thought so. You seemed like a Mormon.” They usually just give me a wide-eyed fish face and say, “Do they let people like you in the church?”
That's just it: They do let people like me in the church.
Now, I'm not here to convert your soul or tell you a bunch of sugar-coated nonsense. I'm here to tell you the truth (as I see it). Perhaps if you know the secrets of the church, it will give you some better perspective on why we do what we do.
1. Mormons Brainwash Their Kids
From a very young age, children are taught tenets of the church that completely alter how they view reality. Don't believe me? Ask a kid any question about God or church doctrine and you'll get the same stock answers every time.
Ex.
Q: “What can we do if we are feeling confused about what is the right thing to do?”
A: “Study it in our minds, read the scriptures, pray, go to church, listen to the Spirit.”
Q: “How can we know Jesus Christ better?
A: “Study it in our minds, read the scriptures, pray, go to church, listen to the Spirit.”
Granted, there's an argument to be made here about the validity of these stock Mormon responses.
What are the ways that we can grow closer to God? What are the ways that we can find answers? What are the ways that we can foster positive relationships with other people? If you asked any religious person in any part of the world, even people who are not Mormon, they would tell you that these answers are ones that most often bring peace and understanding.
So, sure. We brainwash our kids, and ourselves for that matter. Just like we brainwash kids to know their ABCs and count to 20. But, when it comes to the big trials of life, those times when it's easy to lose your way and forget to hope, these answers are the ones that become anchors and lead to knowledge rather than despair.
2. Mormon Women Are Not Treated the Same As Men
In the LDS church, women and men are not treated the same. Men are given ecclesiastical leadership, especially over building maintenance, financial recording, and official discipline. Women are given responsibility over the women, the children, and making sure the men are getting their jobs done.
There is some outside perception that the church demeans women by not allowing them to hold the roles of patriarchs, bishops, and priests. These people state that women should be given the exact same roles as men in order to make them equal.
Unfortunately, these individuals are operating under a false assumption or two.
A) Fair is the same as equal.
B) Perfect equality is the only way to maintain the human right of freedom.
In the LDS church, women are not treated the same as men. Much like in a marriage, each gender has a different role and responsibility. And each household has their own version of that gender responsibility. In my house, my husband takes out the trash and I put in the new trash bag. It's not because he's better than me, or I'm more responsible than him. It's just the way our house works.
In the Lord's house, women care for children, care for other women, provide music, teach classes, and preach from the pulpit. Men perform baptisms, blessings, and become prophets, bishops, or patriarchs. This is not because one gender is better or more qualified. It's just separation of roles in order to maintain an organized household.
This is not to say that women aren't given leadership roles in the LDS church. They are leaders over the Relief Society, the largest and oldest worldwide women's organization. They are leaders over the Primary, the childrens' organization. They are leaders over the Young Women's organization. Each of these areas relies on women leading, guiding, and teaching. Their voices are heard and they are valuable role models for people in the Mormon church around the world.
3. Mormons Don't Believe in Moral Relativism
In physics, there are laws. Immutable laws that don't break. Gravity bends and reacts to things, but it never ceases to function. Actions require energy and lead to proportional reactions. That is the same truth no matter where you go in our universe.
As Latter-day Saints, we believe that God's laws are just as immutable. We believe that the universe is based on the concepts of faith, love, and action. We believe light and dark are diametrically opposed and yet present in each person. We believe that the ability to choose between these opposing forces (“free will”) is the most valuable gift on this planet, and that God will not interfere with our ability to prove the measure of our souls with our daily choices.
There are two kinds of choices: God-centered (or Love-centered) and self-centered. Self-centered choices (the “eat, drink, and be merry plan”) don't fulfill our deeper need for meaning. They focus only on our own pleasure, and eventually lead to misery. I'm not talking about a pit of fire with a pitchforked devil. I'm talking about regret. About bitterness. About selfishness that consumes. These are miseries unto themselves, and the true fruits of choosing our own desires over God's law.
God-centered choices help us grow in our capacity to truly love others. These choices lead to increasing amounts of light, goodness, and an ability to help others. These choices lead to true freedom. Not the ability to do whatever the crap we want to do all the time. That's the world's definition of freedom, and this kind of “free” people are often very unhappy. No, choosing the right allows you to do as many things that bring love and goodness into the world as you want. It brings never-ending peace and joy.
And so, we can't stand with the world that says it's okay to do whatever you want. The fact is, you don't know who your decisions are harming and you often want things that will not bring you long-term joy. Although you don't feel that your self-interested choices are hurting anyone, you don't know how they will affect your future, your marriage, your children, or your grandchildren.
But God does. And that's why they have given you tool (scriptures, conscience, good advice, that-thing-in-your-chest-that-tells-you-not-to-steal-babies) to help you make love-centered choices.
In Summary: Cookies
Mormons aren't here to make you feel bad. We're not self-righteously applauding our amazingness and pitying your stupidity for not being as good as we are. We don't knock on doors to increase our membership numbers so that we can win some invisible Race of Righteousness.
Instead, we tell people what we know because we believe that it will bring them long-term happiness. We believe that the laws of God are given as guides so that we can find joy in this world and in the next. All we want to do is share them with people. All we want to do is tell our secrets and give others a chance to test the secrets for themselves.
And, of course, we also make amazing cookies.
You Have Time for Just One More:
For decades, recording artists have lived in fear of their albums ending up in limbo if a record label refused to release it. But no more? Danger Mouse, who broke into the public consciousness with their remarkable Grey Album remixing Jay-Z and The Beatles and went on to form Gnarls Barkley, is apparently counting on the fact that it's the fans, not record labels like EMI, who have the upper hand in the digital age.
Danger Mouse has been working on a collection called "Dark Night of the Soul." Apparently, relations with EMI on the project have broken down, resulting in Danger Mouse issuing this statement:
Danger Mouse's new project Dark Night Of The Soul consists of an album length piece of music by Danger Mouse, Sparklehorse and a host of guest vocalists, along with a collection of original David Lynch photography inspired by and based on the music. The photographs, which provide a visual narrative for the music, are compiled in a limited edition, hand numbered 100+ page book which will now come with a blank, recordable CD-R. All copies will be clearly labeled: "For Legal Reasons, enclosed CD-R contains no music. Use it as you will."
In other words, Danger Mouse is counting on fans getting the music elsewhere (it leaked on P2P networks on May 7 and is currently available as an on-demand from NPR) and burning it to the CD-R included with the book.
Some copyright lawyers may ask whether Danger Mouse is "inducing" copyright infringement by encouraging fans to make these unauthorized copies (this assumes EMI owns the copyright in the sound recordings that make up "Dark Night of the Soul," which would be typical in a major label deal).
Here's where an interesting copyright law wrinkle might step in -- if the blank CD-R is a royalty-paid "music CD-R," then the copies made by fans (whether made from NPR or P2P) would be legal under 17 U.S.C. 1008, which provides that no infringement lawsuit may be "based on the noncommercial use by a consumer of [a digital audio recording] medium for making digital musical recordings." Digital audio recording medium (DARM) is defined to include "music CD-Rs" on which a royalty is paid to copyright owners.
All this just underscores what the digital world has been telling record labels for a decade: we don't need you for distribution. At least for Danger Mouse, the fans will be taking care of that themselves.
It has been 471 days since my father, Robert "Bob" Levinson, went missing in Iran -- more than the 444 days that 52 American diplomats were held hostage after they were seized in Iran in 1979.
These past 15 months have brought my mother, four sisters, two brothers and me nothing but grief and sadness. We are no closer to finding answers than we were when our father disappeared March 9, 2007, on Kish Island, Iran. They were on a private business trip, and I emphasize "private" because, although they worked for the FBI years ago, they have been retired for more than a decade.
When they disappeared, my father was investigating cigarette smuggling -- a known problem in that region -- on behalf of several large companies. The last man known to have seen them claims to have been detained by security officials on Kish Island and says they believe the same thing happened to my father. A few weeks after their disappearance, a news article by Press TV -- an Iranian government-sanctioned media outlet -- reported that my dad was "in the hands of Iranian security forces." No other details were provided.
Since this report more than a year ago, the Iranian government has said it has no information about my father.
My dad disappeared two weeks before 15 members of the British navy were detained in Iran. Also detained last year were four Iranian American citizens. These stories received a great deal of media coverage, and all the people involved have been released. More than a year later, my father's story has been all but forgotten. Our family cannot understand why the fact that an American citizen is still missing in Iran is not a bigger issue.
We don't know how they are, if they are even well. We know where they were last seen, and there is no public evidence that they ever left Iran. Our family has never accused the Iranian government of any involvement in my father's disappearance. We ask only for its help. In fact, we have shown nothing but the utmost respect. When my mother and I traveled to Iran in December to retrace my father's steps, we were told that a government investigation was ongoing and that we would be given a report soon.
It has been six months since we returned, alone, from that trip. We still have no report. I would like to think that Iran, a nation that cites with pride its lack of domestic terrorism issues, would be very concerned that a foreign citizen went missing on its soil.
The week before their disappearance, while my siblings were playing with our parents' then-5-month-old grandson, my father looked at my mother and said, "This is as good as it gets." Their second grandchild is due in December. My father would never choose to be away from us. It is unbearable to think that a man who loves their family more than anything else is out there somewhere, unable to see or even speak to us. Even prisoners have access to visitors and phone calls.
Last month was my parents' 34th wedding anniversary, the second anniversary my father has missed. Last Sunday was Father's Day, the second one on which we have not been able to tell them how much they mean to us. My little sister just graduated from high school -- they were still a junior when our father disappeared. In a family as big as ours, it is understood that the senior year of high school is when our parents get to spend the most time with us before we leave for college. My sister will never get back the time with our dad that they lost.
Our family has not given up hope; we firmly believe our beloved father and husband is still alive. Somewhere in Iran they are waiting for us to find him, and we ask God every day to guide us in bringing them home. But until that day arrives, the constant pain we feel in their absence will continue to ache through each of us.
The writer is a graduate student from Coral Springs, Fla. Their family runs a Web site athttp:/ / www.helpboblevinson.com.
Yesterday, Canadian indie game developer Ben Kane, 29, released a PC version of their bomb-defusing multiplayer Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes.
The premise is simple: One player can only see the bomb on their screen. The other player(s) can only view the bomb-defusing manual. They can't see each other's screens, so they have to describe out loud what's in front of them to figure out how to defuse the bomb before the time runs out.
Reddit user LtHummus (whom Kane gifted an advance copy of Keep Talking at gaming convention Pax Prime) shared a video capturing an intense, masterfully executed round of the game in “hardcore” mode that would make Jack Bauer sweat.
It's clear from the video that even fake bomb disposal can be enormously stressful. One of the game's taglines promises it will “test the limits of your communication skills… and friendships?”
After LtHummus' video blew up exploded in popularity was upvoted to the top of the Videos community, Keep Talking co-creator Ben Kane showed up in the comments section to acknowledge the lieutenant's skills.
Kane and fellow game developers Brian Fetter and Allen Pestaluky first had the idea for Keep Talking at 2014's Global Game Jam, an annual meet-up that encourages collaboration and brainstorming of new games.
While watching a demo of a virtual reality rollercoaster game, the team noticed something odd.
“There was a crowd of people all watching one person who was wearing this headset and bobbing their head,” Kane recalls. “We thought the scene was ridiculous and wanted to come up with a game where that crowd could be playing the same game as the player in virtual reality, and have something critical to contribute.”
After running through ideas for what that “critical” information could be, the developer's settled on a concept.
“It only took a few minutes to hit on the idea of a bomb defuser calling back to base for help,” Kane says.
Previous versions of Keep Talking relied on a virtual reality headset. (keeptalkinggame.com)
The three developers used family and friends to test out the game.
“It's made for some odd but very entertaining Christmas gatherings,” Kane says with a laugh.
However, their incorporation of virtual reality wasn't an immediate success.
“In our original prototype,” Kane shares, “I thought it would be a good idea to throw the player's camera around the room when the bomb exploded. Turns out that's one of the best ways to make someone throw up.”
Fortunately, the game's most recent PC version is much easier on the stomach. And branching away from virtual reality could make the game accessible to a much wider audience.
“Virtual reality might not be a household thing yet,” Kane concedes, “but ‘You need to help me defuse a bomb!' is straight-forward to grasp and seems to instantly unlock everyone's hidden desire to save the day.”
As for LtHummus, they may have beaten “the hardest bomb” currently playable on the game, but their teammate, Reddit user SpiritSails, hints that another intense video involving two simultaneous bombs may be in the works—though their first attempt didn't go quite so well:
In the meantime, redditors are using the success of Keep Talking to out-pun each other:
When asked if they ever gets tired of the jokes, Kane responds with perfect deadpan delivery: “We have a tremendous capacity for bomb puns. I could see four of them in a single comment and it wouldn't tick me off.”
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes is available now on Steam.
Media playback is not supported on this device World Superbikes: Jonathan Rea delighted with record title treble
Jonathan Rea became the first rider to clinch three successive World Superbike titles by winning Race 1 at Magny-Cours.
The Northern Ireland man's 50th win in the series gives them an unassailable 129-point lead with five races left after their 12th victory of the season.
In wet conditions, Rea, 30, made a sensational start from pole to lead by 2.4 seconds after lap one.
Rea extended their lead as they finished 16.3 seconds ahead of Marco Melandri.
Italian Melandri edged out Rea's nearest championship challenger England's Tom Sykes in a thrilling battle for second spot.
Jonathan Rea took control of the race early on in the wet conditions
Rea 'lost for words' after triumph
Isle of Man-based Rea said they were "lost for words" after their dominant win confirmed them as the rider of this superbike generation.
"It's not hit me yet," an emotional Rea told British Eurosport.
"I dreamt of [winning] one world championship as a kid. It was all I hung on to through the sacrifices of my parents during my motocross days.
"To get one was incredible. Then going back to back with the new bike was unbelievable. This one... I've no words."
The Northern Irishman's total mastery of the conditions on a drying track made the race a procession as they were away and clear right from the start.
Rea led by more than 10 seconds by lap six as they were in a class of their own.
Rea will aim for weekend double on Sunday
The Kawasaki rider will aim to achieve their fifth double of the season in Race 2 at the French venue on Sunday.
Rea's 50th career win draws them to within nine victories of the record race wins tally achieved by four-time champion Carl Fogarty.
But while Fogarty won four titles, Rea is the first rider to achieve three in a row in the series.
Rea slid off the track early in Saturday's qualifying session held in wet conditions before regrouping to finish 1.2 seconds ahead of Argentine Leandro Mercado, with the Northern Irishman's nearest championship challenger Tom Sykes third fastest.
In a totally dominant weekend to date, Rea was also fastest in both of Friday's practice sessions.
Rea's fellow Northern Irishman Eugene Laverty took sixth place to move up to 10th in the championship standings.
Some of the world's leading websites—including those owned or operated by Bank of America, VMware, the US Department of Veteran's Affairs, and business consultancy Accenture—are vulnerable to simple attacks that bypass the transport layer security encryption designed to thwart eavesdroppers and spoofers.
The attacks are a variation on the so-called POODLE exploits disclosed two months ago against secure sockets layer (SSL), an encryption protocol similar to transport layer security (TLS). Short for "Padding Oracle On Downgraded Legacy Encryption," POODLE allowed attackers monitoring Wi-Fi hotspots and other unsecured Internet connections to decrypt HTTPS traffic encrypted by the ancient SSL version 3. Browser makers quickly responded by limiting or eliminating use of SSLv3, a move that appears to have averted widespread exploitation of the bug.
On Monday, word emerged that there's a variation on the POODLE attack that works against widely used implementations of TLS. At the time this post was being prepared, SSL Server Test, a free service provided by security firm Qualys, showed that some of the Internet's top websites—again, a list including Bank of America, VMware, the US Department of Veteran's Affairs, and Accenture—are susceptible. The vulnerability was serious enough to earn all sites found to be affected a failing grade by the Qualys service.
Update: An Accenture representative said that accenture.com, the site receiving a failing grade from Qualys, doesn't serve content, but rather redirects all traffic through its content delivery network www.accenture.com which Qualys shows as not being vulnerable to POODLE-style attacks.
Stealing cookies, one crumb at a time
As concerning as POODLE was to security professionals, it required attackers to follow several steps that could often prove difficult in real-world environments. Attackers had to spoof packets sent between websites and end users to force them to use SSLv3. It also required attackers to slightly modify transactions thousands of times until they could successfully guess the contents of encrypted payloads, one character at a time. By using the padding oracle to deduce the contents of the payloads, attackers could obtain authentication cookies or security tokens used to gain access to user accounts or other restricted sections of a vulnerable website. The newly disclosed attack against TLS is similar, except that it's slightly less demanding to carry out.
"The impact of this problem is similar to that of POODLE, with the attack being slightly easier to execute—no need to downgrade modern clients down to SSL 3 first, TLS 1.2 will do just fine," Ivan Ristic, Qualys's director of application security research, wrote in a blog post titled POODLE bites TLS. "The main target are browsers, because the attacker must inject malicious JavaScript to initiate the attack. A successful attack will use about 256 requests to uncover one cookie character, or only 4096 requests for a 16-character cookie. This makes the attack quite practical."
So far, load balancers and similar devices sold by two different manufacturers have been identified as vulnerable. The makers are F5 and A10. Although recent versions of TLS calls for the encryption padding to be closely checked for so-called Oracle attacks, the companies' implementations skip this step, making them vulnerable to POODLE-style exploits. F5 has issued an advisory detailing precisely which products are vulnerable and showing how they can be patched. The status of a fix from A10 wasn't immediately known.
According to Ristic, about one in 10 websites are vulnerable to the new POODLE attack for TLS. That means 10 percent of sites are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks that face a reasonable chance of success bypassing Web encryption. Users are invited to use the Qualys service to identify other high-profile sites that are vulnerable. Administrators should waste no time ensuring their sites aren't affected.
The Houston Dynamo announced today the club has signed goalkeeper Calle Brown. Per club and league policy, terms of the transactions were not disclosed.
Brown, 23, was the primary goalkeeper for the Pittsburgh Riverhounds (USL) in 2015, their first professional season. The 6-foot-5 goalkeeper made 14 appearances (13 starts) and tallied five shutouts while allowing just 1.14 goals per game. The Leesburg, Virginia native led the University of Virginia to the 2014 NCAA men's soccer national championship. They kept a clean sheet against University of Maryland-Baltimore County in the semifinals and recorded a shutout in the championship game against UCLA to earn College Cup Most Valuable Defensive Player honors.
“Calle is a goalkeeper our staff has tracked and monitored over the course of the last couple seasons,” Dynamo vice president/general manager Matt Jordan said. “He's coming off a very strong USL season and we look forward to them joining the Houston Dynamo.”
“Calle is a young, talented goalkeeper who will benefit from working with (goalkeepers coach) Paul Rogers and alongside Tyler (Deric) and Joe (Willis),” Dynamo head coach Owen Coyle said. “We are delighted to bring them to the club.”
The Dynamo currently have 23 players under contract for next year: Giles Barnes, DaMarcus Beasley, Calle Brown, Will Bruin, Ricardo Clark, Brad Davis, Tyler Deric, Boniek García, David Horst, Taylor Hunter, Rob Lovejoy, Christian Lucatero, Alex Lima, Cristian Maidana, Mauro Manotas, Rasheed Olabiyi, Memo Rodriguez, Raul Rodriguez, Zach Steinberger, Erick Torres, Andrew Wenger, Sheanon Williams and Joe Willis.
CALLE BROWN
Full name: Calle Brown
Pronunciation: Cali
Position: Goalkeeper
Date of Birth: July 1, 1992
Birthplace: Leesburg, Virginia
Height: 6'5”
Previous club: Pittsburgh Riverhounds
College: University of Virginia
How acquired: Signed on Dec. 17, 2015
MLS returned to action with a bang this week, and much of the firepower came from the young guys.
Only one of the five players nominated can rent a car without an additional fee, as Toronto FC Designated Player Gilberto is the oldest of the group at the ripe old age of 25. They notched their first MLS goal after out-arguing fellow DP Jermain Defoe for the right to take a free kick, then smashing it home. Philadelphia Union midfielder Danny Cruz (24) also used a long-range blast, and theirs helped spur their club to victory.
Chivas USA's Erick Torres (21) upped their MLS scoring total to 17 goals in 30 games with a spectacular volley on a cross from the opposite sideline, and the Colorado Rapids' Dillon Powers (23) showed great skill with their turn and curving far-post effort, but the most unique goal of the weekend surely belonged to the Montreal Impact's Jack McInerney (21), whose goal seemed to defy physics.
You get to choose the Goal of the Week, so make your pick by casting a ballot for your favorite goal before voting ends! The winner is determined by the total number of votes cast online and will be announced on Friday.
Voting runs until 11:59 pm PT on Thursdays. For complete coverage of the AT&T MLS Goal of the Week — including an archive of all of this season's nominees and winners — click here.
In last night's debate, Rick Perry, stumbling over their answer denying the science of climate change, opined, “Galileo got outvoted for a spell.” Of course Galileo, considered the father of modern science, wasn't “outvoted” by other scientists, they were subjected to an inquisition by the church for being a heretic.
Although, as I wrote in my earlier post, there was little overt religiosity in the debate, Perry's comments were clearly aimed at a religious audience. Climate change denial is not just hot for energy industry lobbyists, it's especially rampant among religious conservatives.
New social science research by sociologist Darren Sherkat of Southern Illinois University shows that sectarian Christians do poorly on basic scientific literacy questions, and therefore have difficulty engaging in scientific discussions involved in public policy debates on issues like climate change.
“Sectarian Christians” is the term Sherkat uses for what most reporters and pundits call evangelicals, but by which Sherkat means denominational and non-denominational Christians who believe the bible is the literal, inerrant word of God. Sherkat writes in a forthcoming paper in Social Sciency Quarterly that nearly one third of Americans “identify with sectarian Protestant denominations” and that “resources from these organizations and their sympathizers have been instrumental for establishing religious alternatives to the teaching of evolution—fostering a vibrant industry promoting ‘intelligent design' and ‘creation science.'” Josh Rosenau of the National Center for Science Education says that the same strategies are now being directed at attacking the science of climate change.
For their research, Sherkat analyzed responses to 13 questions on scientific fact and reasoning from the 2006 General Social Survey, collected at the National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago. The questions really are quite basic: one covers understanding that the earth revolves around the sun and not vice-versa — the heart of the church's effort to silence Galileo 500 years ago. Sectarian Christians performed more poorly than other respondents to these queries on basic scientific knowledge.
Sherkat tells me, “The differences are not explained by ethnicity, educational attainment, income, or region of the country. Indeed, religious factors are far larger than gender or racial differences in scientific literacy.” Although the public discourse of conservative activists focuses on rejection of evolution and efforts to stymie stem cell research, Sherkat writes that their study “shows that the effect of sectarian religious identifications and fundamentalist religious beliefs extends well beyond these two issues. Given the low levels of scientific literacy prevalent among fundamentalist and sectarian Christians, they may have difficulty understanding public issues related to scientific inquiry or pedagogy, and they may have a limited capacity to understand technical information regarding their own health and safety.” These “low levels of scientific literacy,” they conclude, “are a substantial barrier to reasoned discourse and informed political action.”
ARROYO GRANDE, Calif. (MarketWatch) -- Yes, America's economy is a war economy. Not a "manufacturing" economy. Not an "agricultural" economy. Nor a "service" economy. Not even a "consumer" economy.
Seriously, I looked into your eyes, America, saw deep into your soul. So let's get honest and officially call it "America's Outrageous War Economy." Admit it: we secretly love our war economy. And that's the answer to Jim Grant's thought-provoking question last month in the Wall Street Journal -- "Why No Outrage?"
There really is only one answer: Deep inside we love war. We want war. Need it. Relish it. Thrive on war. War is in our genes, deep in our DNA. War excites our economic brain. War drives our entrepreneurial spirit. War thrills the American soul. Oh just admit it, we have a love affair with war. We love "America's Outrageous War Economy."
Americans passively zone out playing video war games. We nod at 90-second news clips of Afghan war casualties and collateral damage in Georgia. We laugh at Jon Stewart's dark comedic news and Ben Stiller's new war spoof "Tropic Thunder" ... all the while silently, by default, we're cheering on our leaders as they aggressively expand "America's Outrageous War Economy," a relentless machine that needs a steady diet of war after war, feeding on itself, consuming our values, always on the edge of self-destruction.
Why else are Americans so eager and willing to surrender 54% of their tax dollars to a war machine, which consumes 47% of the world's total military budgets?
Why are there more civilian mercenaries working for no-bid private war contractors than the total number of enlisted military in Iraq (180,000 to 160,000), at an added cost to taxpayers in excess of $200 billion and climbing daily?
Why do we shake our collective heads "yes" when our commander-in-chief proudly tells us they are a "war president;" and their party's presidential candidate chants "bomb, bomb, bomb Iran," as if "war" is a celebrity hit song?
Why do our spineless Democrats let an incompetent, blundering executive branch hide hundreds of billions of war costs in sneaky "supplemental appropriations" that are more crooked than Enron's off-balance-sheet deals?
Why have Washington's 537 elected leaders turned the governance of the American economy over to 42,000 greedy self-interest lobbyists?
And why earlier this year did our "support-our-troops" "war president" resist a new GI Bill because, as they said, their military might quit and go to college rather than re-enlist in their war; now we continue paying the Pentagon's warriors huge $100,000-plus bonuses to re-up so they can keep expanding "America's Outrageous War Economy?" Why? Because we secretly love war!
We've lost our moral compass: The contrast between today's leaders and the 56 signers of the Declaration of Independence in 1776 shocks our conscience. Today war greed trumps morals. During the Revolutionary War our leaders risked their lives and fortunes; many lost both.
Today it's the opposite: Too often our leaders' main goal is not public service but a ticket to building a personal fortune in the new "America's Outrageous War Economy," often by simply becoming a high-priced lobbyist.
Ultimately, the price of our greed may be the fulfillment of Kevin Phillips' warning in "Wealth and Democracy:" "Most great nations, at the peak of their economic power, become arrogant and wage great world wars at great cost, wasting vast resources, taking on huge debt, and ultimately burning themselves out."
'National defense' a propaganda slogan selling a war economy?
But wait, you ask: Isn't our $1.4 trillion war budget essential for "national defense" and "homeland security?" Don't we have to protect ourselves?
Sorry folks, but our leaders have degraded those honored principles to advertising slogans. They're little more than flag-waving excuses used by neocon war hawks to disguise the buildup of private fortunes in "America's Outrageous War Economy."
America may be a ticking time bomb, but we are threatened more by enemies within than external terrorists, by ideological fanatics on the left and the right. Most of all, we are under attack by our elected leaders who are motivated more by pure greed than ideology. They terrorize us, brainwashing us into passively letting them steal our money to finance "America's Outrageous War Economy," the ultimate "black hole" of corruption and trickle-up economics.
You think I'm kidding? I'm maybe too harsh? Sorry but others are far more brutal. Listen to the ideologies and realities eating at America's soul.
1. Our toxic 'war within' is threatening America's soul
How powerful is the Pentagon's war machine? Trillions in dollars. But worse yet: Their mindset is now locked deep in our DNA, in our collective conscience, in America's soul. Our love of war is enshrined in the writings of neocon war hawks like Norman Podoretz, who warns the Iraq War was the launching of "World War IV: The Long Struggle Against Islamofascism," a reminder that we could be occupying Iraq for a hundred years. Their WW IV also reminded us of the coming apocalyptic end-of-days "war of civilizations" predicted by religious leaders in both Christian and Islamic worlds two years ago.
In contrast, this ideology has been challenged in works like Craig Unger's "American Armageddon: How the Delusions of the Neoconservatives and the Christian Right Triggered the Descent of America -- and Still Imperil Our Future."
Unfortunately, neither threat can be dismissed as "all in our minds" nor as merely ideological rhetoric. Trillions of tax dollars are in fact being spent to keep the Pentagon war machine aggressively planning and expanding wars decades in advance, including spending billions on propaganda brainwashing naïve Americans into co-signing "America's Outrageous War Economy." Yes, they really love war, but that "love" is toxic for America's soul.
2. America's war economy financed on blank checks to greedy
Read Nobel Economist Joseph Stiglitz and Harvard professor Linda Bilmes' "$3 Trillion War." They show how our government's deceitful leaders are secretly hiding the real long-term costs of the Iraq War, which was originally sold to the American taxpayer with a $50 billion price tag and funded out of oil revenues.
But add in all the lifetime veterans' health benefits, equipment placement costs, increased homeland security and interest on new federal debt, and suddenly taxpayers got a $3 trillion war tab!
3. America's war economy has no idea where its money goes
Read Portfolio magazine's special report "The Pentagon's $1 Trillion Problem." The Pentagon's 2007 budget of $440 billion included $16 billion to operate and upgrade its financial system. Unfortunately "the defense department has spent billions to fix its antiquated financial systems [but] still has no idea where its money goes."
And it gets worse: Back "in 2000, Defense's inspector general told Congress that their auditors stopped counting after finding $2.3 trillion in unsupported entries." Yikes, our war machine has no records for $2.3 trillion! How can we trust anything they say?
4. America's war economy is totally 'unmanageable'
For decades Washington has been waving that "national defense" flag, to force the public into supporting "America's Outrageous War Economy." Read John Alic's "Trillions for Military Technology: How the Pentagon Innovates and Why It Costs So Much."
A former Congressional Office of Technology Assessment staffer, they explain why weapon systems cost the Pentagon so much, "why it takes decades to get them into production even as innovation in the civilian economy becomes ever more frenetic and why some of those weapons don't work very well despite expenditures of many billions of dollars," and how "the internal politics of the armed services make weapons acquisition almost unmanageable." Yes, the Pentagon wastes trillions planning its wars well in advance.
Comments? Tell us: What will it take to wake up America, get citizens, investors, anybody mad at "America's Outrageous War Economy?"
Why don't you rebel? Will the outrage come too late ... after this massive war bubble explodes in our faces?
I think there's one way, and only one way, to interpret Mitch McConnell's position on the Medicaid expansion in Kentucky, and last night the Washington Post's fact checker confirmed it. McConnell wants to repeal the Medicaid expansion (along with the rest of Obamacare) and then let the people who run the state of Kentucky (i.e. people other than him) decide whether to reinstate it, and pay for it out of state coffers.
That's a difficult position to support, which explains why their campaign obscures it behind a bunch of rambling designed to convince people (including very politically savvy people) that McConnell has come around to supporting the Medicaid expansion.
But it's actually identical to their position on Kynect—the state's health insurance exchange—and perhaps he'll apply it to other integral parts of Obamacare as well. As a general matter it amounts to arguing that Obamacare should be repealed, and then reinstated in full at the state level. But that's a total fantasy.
When Obamacare is repealed, the funding Kynect relies upon, as well as the health plans and rules that make it a popular and widely used portal, will disappear as well. No biggie, says McConnell. Once they're gone, the state can decide whether it wants to reinstitute those things on its own.
My father fought for years to keep John Buckley's sculpture of a shark, which ‘crashed' through the roof of my childhood home. When it was once again threatened with removal, I had to save it
I was born into a family with a slightly unusual home – it has a 25-ft fibreglass shark, designed by the sculptor John Buckley, crashing through the roof tiles.
The Headington shark house in east Oxford was already a year old when I was born, so it always seemed normal to me. It had landed out of the blue, and without planning permission, on 9 August 1986, the anniversary of the dropping of the second atomic bomb on Nagasaki (and partially inspired by planes overhead on their way to the bombing of Tripoli the night the house was bought). The protest sentiment of a huge shark crashing through the roof of a quiet terraced house is hard to miss. My father felt they had “put up two fingers to bureaucracy and stood up for creativity” by commissioning the sculpture.
It took six years of legal battles with the city council, the courts and, finally, the government, until the then environment minister, Michael Heseltine, decided the shark could stay. During this process, the sculpture morphed from an unwelcome and allegedly illegal eyesore to an irreplaceable (and legal) part of the Oxfordshire skyline.
One might ask why a man can't simply smash the roof of their house with anything they please. The short answer is that they can and that, where the government is concerned, “forgiveness” can take six years to get. That's quite a nice lesson to have suspended above your house for the world to see. Those questions about the limits of state power over censorship, private property and warfare are certainly no less relevant today. The shark turned 30 last year, and over the years the house has become a symbol of Oxfordshire rather than one of peace, self-direction or nuclear disarmament. People get used to things, even pretty extraordinary things.
On 26 August last year, I bought the shark house. At the time, I had no intention of buying property, least of all in Oxford, but Dad had remortgaged the house in 2007 just before the first leg of the financial crash hit, and the bank was threatening to repossess the property. It looked increasingly likely that the shark would be “tidied up” so the property could be sold off as a regular terraced house. This much-loved piece of art might be destroyed by another set of bureaucrats unable to deal with something that wouldn't fit a standardised form.
I couldn't allow that to happen. In the end, I agreed to preserve this piece of history and join the fight for its survival. The shark house is safe for now.
Originally published December 27, 2011 at 8:03 PM | Page modified December 28, 2011 at 6:30 AM
A top-level joint council that starts meeting next month could be key to the transformed relationship both Boeing and the Machinists say they want.
The detailed work of transforming labor relations between Boeing and its Machinists union — key to the long-term future of this region as a center of airplane manufacturing — begins in January when a top-level council of union and management is set to convene for the first time.
Earlier this month, members of the International Association of Machinists (IAM) ratified a breakthrough contract deal that includes creating the new council, which will meet monthly. It is headed by Stan Deal, vice president of supply-chain management and operations for the Commercial Airplanes division, and Tom Wroblewski, president of IAM district 751.
One of their first tasks will be to set the performance targets for the contract's new incentive bonus plan for Machinists, ensuring the goals are transparent and fair.
But its broader purpose is to build a new, more collaborative relationship to replace the often-bitter divide between labor and management.
The council will provide a forum where the union gets to influence decisions that affect the workforce, while the company can get movement on labor issues that lower profitability, said Julie-Ellen Acosta, the head of human resources at Boeing Commercial Airplanes.
The union has committed not only to labor peace for five years but to work through the joint council to drive up productivity and so help Boeing smooth its planned sharp ramp-up in jet deliveries.
For IAM national president Tom Buffenbarger, the payoff should be future Boeing airplanes built here in the Puget Sound region, even though the agreement makes no commitment to that.
"We can meet (Boeing's) goals in aircraft production and on-time deliveries by having a positively charged workplace," Buffenbarger said. "If all this works, if it's efficient and they're cranking out airplanes and making money, why would they want to screw that up?"
Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University in Worcester, Mass., said the landmark deal may indeed mark a sea-change in Boeing's union relations.
"This is a new approach that many unions are taking," Chaison said. "They are saying: We're not part of the problem. We're part of the solution."
To achieve the agreement, the negotiations this fall had to break the mold of previous years.
"This whole thing was so not typical of how we have done things in the past," said Wroblewski.
The two sides started intense negotiations almost a year ahead of the usual schedule and arranged for direct talk between top leaders only. They didn't tell the union rank-and-file.
Boeing Senior Vice President Rick Stephens, from Chicago, represented the company's top leadership. Sales chief Ray Conner, a former Machinist from the Puget Sound region who is now widely seen as the heir apparent to the leadership of the entire company, led the Commercial Airplanes team.
The small Boeing team showed up for discreet talks at the South Park union hall with Wroblewski, who was joined by IAM national aerospace coordinator Mark Blondin and Rich Michalski, IAM general vice president, the No. 2 man in the national union.
Conner even attended the talks in between closing two blockbuster sales deals across the world.
After signing a record order with Emirates for 50 widebodies 777s at the Dubai Air Show in mid-November, Conner returned to the South Park negotiations, then days later left the hall directly to catch an airplane to Bali, Indonesia, to seal the even bigger commitment from Lion Air for 230 single-aisle 737s.
Wroblewski said the talks produced a "dialogue we haven't normally had."
"We did have a commitment that our talks would be centered on what's good for the company, creating that profitability and productivity," they said. "That's their goal. And our goal is to stay here in Washington state and have good jobs for our members."
With that tight linkage between the fortunes of Boeing and the fortunes of its workers, minds met and the deal was swiftly made.
After weeks of secret talks, Acosta said, when they put their signature to the agreement late on Nov. 29, it was a "euphoric evening."
"We were all kind of pinching ourselves," they said. "This has always been a dream of mine to see something like this happen."
The union agreed to a four-year contract extension that ensures no strikes through September 2016, promising an uninterrupted flow of airplane deliveries and making possible the very steep ramp-up in production that Boeing plans.
The company assured Renton the job of building the 737 MAX. And the economic terms of the deal gave the Machinists a $5,000 signing bonus, 2 percent wage increases and the new incentive plan that may add up to 4 percent more each year depending on performance.
In the past, the IAM's contract dance every three years typically began slowly in the spring and gradually intensified toward a climactic fall frenzy.
By the time the 2008 contract vote came, the rank and file had been whipped into such a fervor in the preceding weeks that an angry crowd of Machinists was chanting "Strike! Strike! Strike!" as they awaited the result. When the IAM's Blondin took the stage to announce that the union leadership had decided to give Boeing another 48 hours to come up with a better offer, they nearly had a riot on their hands as workers booed them and demanded an immediate strike.
This time around, just a week after Wroblewski announced the surprise deal, it passed with an overwhelming 74 percent in favor.
Now the union and the company have five years to reset the relationship inside their joint council and make it work.
Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com
The federal Liberals won't change a decision that effectively halts an expansion of the island airport in downtown Toronto, with the new transport minister calling it a “quality of life issue” for the city's residents.
Transport Minister Marc Garneau said Friday they intend to stick with a decision to reject a request from Porter Airlines to renegotiate an airport agreement among the City of Toronto, Ports Toronto and the federal government to extend the runway at Billy Bishop airport to allow jets to land.
The Liberals promised before and during the federal election not to open the three-party agreement.
Garneau said the promise was based on concerns from many voters in Toronto about what an airport expansion would mean for the future of the city's waterfront.
The decision made earlier this month goes beyond concerns about noise from larger planes landing at the island airport, they said.
“It's bigger than that,” Garneau said in a telephone interview. “It's an issue that is an election promise and its main focus is on the fact that Torontonians want to have a greater say in the development of their waterfront.”
Critics have asked the Liberals to reconsider the decision, pointing to the fact that the city and Ports Toronto are releasing assessments and feasibility studies early next year. Garneau said there was nothing that would make them reverse course on the decision.
“Not with respect to opening the tripartite agreement,” they said. “Sometimes issues are quality of life issues and those are important.”
Garneau first announced the decision on Twitter on Nov. 12. Opponents of the expansion celebrated the move — the group NoJetsTO has a victory party planned for Monday — while the Ontario Progressive Conservatives, the Opposition in the provincial legislature, have said the decision will hurt the local, provincial and national economies.
Ontario Tory MPP Monte McNaughton told Garneau in a letter sent a week ago that the airport expansion could result in $250 million a year in economic benefits to Toronto, based on a City of Toronto study and potentially 2,000 jobs at Porter Airlines and Bombardier.
McNaughton said there is too much economic potential for the federal Liberals to shut the door outright on expanding the airport.
“This is an important project for the country, for the province and for Toronto. The economic case for this speaks for itself,” McNaughton said.
The decision could also be important to Bombardier and its CSeries plane.
In 2013, Porter placed an order worth US$870 million for a dozen of the 110- to 125-seat CSeries aircraft on the condition that they would be allowed to fly into the island airport. It also has options for 18 more aircraft that would raise the list price to US$2.15 billion if all options are exercised.
Montreal-based Bombardier has 603 purchase commitments, including 243 firm orders, for the plane, but hasn't secured an order in more than a year. The plane itself is more than two years late and US$2 billion over budget.
The Quebec government has agreed to give Bombardier US$1 billion to help complete development of the CSeries in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the project.
The province and company are now looking to the federal government for extra help.
– With files from Ross Marowits in Montreal
By Jim Steeg, National Football Post
"For everyone to whom much is given, of them shall much be required." -- Luke 12:48
The recent tragic death of 20-year NFL veteran and Hall of Fame-bound LB Junior Seau has focused a great deal of attention on brain trauma and the impact on NFL players' lives post-football.
Some media have additionally looked at a more troubling situation which may affect many more players -- how ill-equipped today's NFL players seem to be for their transition into retirement. This is a sad phenomenon of the past 25 years. Prior to the 1990s, the vast majority of NFL players prepared themselves for careers when their playing days were done. The advent of multi-million dollar contracts were only just evolving. As hard as it is to fathom, as late as 1975, most NFL players were making less than $75,000 per year.
The NFL offseason in the 1970s and 1980s was truly that -- an offseason. Players had the time and energy to pursue other business ventures and even return to school to obtain their college degrees. Many of those players used their connections in their team's community to develop business relationships. The interactions at club and charitable endeavors allowed relationships to foster with the local business community. All of which provided valuable launching pads to post-NFL career opportunities, and in many cases, soft, successful landings.
The NFL player of the '70s and '80s ended their regular season in December and the Super Bowl was played in mid-January. The players did not return to the football complex until July. Players either stayed and established roots and careers in their team's city or many returned to college as their home. From my days with the Miami Dolphins, I remember players like Nick Buoniconti using that time to get their law degree or Doug Swift to get their medical degree.
As the 1990s approached, and the NFL was feeling the aftereffects of its battle with the USFL, the players began to benefit with increased salaries. The final settlement of the lawsuits over the Collective Bargaining Agreement in 1992 also brought new financial prosperity to the players. Unfortunately, in many ways, it also brought year-round training and organized offseason on- and off-field preparation. Teams started to require onsite offseason workouts, classroom sessions and more and more on-field activities during the winter and spring. The NFL offseason, which once ran from January to late July, shrunk to early February to late June/early July.
The NFL initiated programs to encourage players to continue their education, obtain internships in business and broadcasting and explore entrepreneurial endeavors. As great as the NFL's business management and entrepreneurial programs at Harvard Business School and Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania have been, quite frankly, they accommodate fewer than 5% of the players. Unfortunately, over the years, far too few have taken advantage of these programs, along with the league's broadcasting boot camps.
Futhermore, there developed a prohibition against teams employing players in offseason jobs and training, which would have given them a taste of a post-NFL career path, as there were salary cap implications to these types of employments.
The transition from the NFL into retirement is an extremely difficult one for most players. They have devoted all of their energies into making the team and staying on the team, every step of the way. Since the earliest of times, in high school through college and the NFL, this has been the players' complete focus. Developing football skills has been the priority of their bosses: the coaches. Their transition also can be inhibited physically, with increasing weight gains after years of eating large meals to keep up their weight and years of working out an extraordinary number of hours per week. Their transition also can be inhibited mentally, as they suddenly have too much time on their hands, after having lived a very structured life for a minimum of 26 weeks per year. Each and every day, almost year 'round, they knew what their schedule and their responsibilities were. Eat, sleep, think and dream football.
Among the issues that become paramount is marriage counseling. There not only is a transition for the player once they retire from football, but also for the spouse. The NFL Players Association estimates that 50% of ex-football players' marriages end in divorce. Many of the divorces take place within the first year of retirement. A divorce will quickly change the financial planning even the best prepared players have made for their post career. No wonder Sports Illustrated reports 78% of post-NFL athletes are broke within two to five years of retirement.
Imagine the structure from which a retired player leaves: you are told when to get to work, when to work out, when to be in meetings, when to be on the field, what to do on the field, when to eat, what to eat, when to board the bus, when to talk to the media, what to say to the media, when to meet with sponsors, and so much more. Your life has been structured -- programmed -- by someone else. In some cases, for decades, starting in college.
Unlike most businesses, almost every NFL player is either fired or forced to retire before they feel their time is up. If statistics are to be believed, for many this happens around the age of 25. Even a grizzled veteran may be fired at the age of 30. This is unlike most jobs with the exception of the military. For military veterans, a great deal of effort is placed in reconnecting them with the non-military world. They often are trained in technical applications for jobs outside of the military. In today's economy, we are seeing the difficulties of individuals in their 40s, 50s and 60s, who have been job-eliminated, and are forced to reinvent themselves, often having to develop completely different skill sets in order to find employment. An NFL player has to do the same thing, just by the nature of their career. Yet, here's the sad truth: Colleges and the NFL do little to prepare them for real life. Heck, George Clooney's character in the movie Up In The Air offered more transition.
***
For the average fan, just imagine that you go to college to earn an accounting degree, then back it up with an MBA, pass the CPA exam with flying colors, work for five years and achieve partnership in your firm. And then, suddenly, at 40, you are fired. And then, you are inexplicably informed that there are no more accounting jobs for which you can apply. To me, this is like the story of Seau: Unanimous first-team college All-American, fifth overall pick in the 1990 NFL draft, 10-time all-pro, 12-time Pro Bowl selection, soon-to-be Hall of Famer who grew up in a poor Samoan family in Oceanside, Calif., played 13 seasons for their hometown San Diego Chargers, transcended American football and became a San Diego sports icon and the most successful Samoan athlete ever.
And then, boom, at the age of 34, he's fired by the Chargers and traded to the Miami Dolphins, where they spent three years before signing with the New England Patriots and playing another four seasons. And then, at the age of 40, he's fired again -- for the last time.
Their restaurant in Mission Valley -- Seau's -- was their most successful business venture. Although they did a TV show for Versus, Sports Jobs with Junior Seau, none of the networks clamored to hire them as a football analyst after they retired in 2009. They raised more than $4 million for their Junior Seau Foundation and was extremely involved in philanthropic work in San Diego, yet while rewarding on one level to him, it didn't come close to filling up the void of retirement.
Colleges should not be exempt from criticism in the post-NFL career training. College football programs do not get evaluated by the NCAA for graduation rates for players who leave early for the NFL. This must change. More and more players are leaving school after their junior years. Those schools need to help, encourage and support players to get a substantive degree within three to five years of their departure. That should be an obligation in awarding a scholarship.
It took an active professor to push Pittsburgh Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger back to their alma mater, Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, nine years after they jumped to the NFL. They were four classes short of graduation. On May 6, Big Ben received their degree in education. It seems to me that universities are much more concerned about getting their pros to donate to the athletic program than getting them to fulfill their commitment to graduate.
The NFL has spent millions of dollars on the annual rookie symposium (only for drafted players) and the salaries of each team's player development directors. Unfortunately, in the case of the latter, this individual filling the role, in most cases, reports to football operations personnel. Players are greatly afraid of taking player development directors into their confidence as their issues may go straight to the general manager and head coach. In addition, the clubs need to be careful that their player development directors are true professionals and not, as in many cases, a former player just off the field. These are important roles, and the people who fill them must be trained professionals, have independence from football operations personnel, and uphold complete confidentiality. This individual cannot be the players' friend; they or they need to be as professional as the psychiatrist is to their or them patient.
What I've always found ironic is that many of those who use many of the NFL's post-career education programs are not the ones who really need the help. Almost all the NFL's programs fall short because they are awareness-oriented, but do not seek behavioral changes. Those most susceptible to experiencing problems think they have it all figured out. They have the money; they don't want someone to tell them how to manage their lives or their finances; and they believe they will be the exception.
The NFL is the ultimate people business. Their product is the performance of the players. They can easily see their future, but it is important to get the best performance they need to have the concern over the future mitigated.
Adding to all these issues is the fact that many NFL teams treat their alumni poorly. Unlike the way players are treated as they return to their high schools or colleges -- welcomed back to watch or coach practice and stand in the team benches at games -- sadly, many NFL teams shut their doors to players once they are cut or are retired. There are far too many instances where NFL alumni are not welcome in team facilities at all. Oh, yes, they are welcomed back for alumni days, but do not have unfettered access to the facilities, aren't invited to watch practices or address the team, or even to attend games without paying for tickets.
There exists means to help make the transition to post football easier. The league may have to mandate procedures that each club would adhere to. Among these are ones that begin with the active players. The players need to be mandated to attend sessions, preferably each week, that address their post-NFL careers. This can be in conjunction with local universities, teaching the players money management, career counseling, entrepreneurship, testing for career paths, devising offseason internships, and most importantly, emphasizing continuing education. For example, an NFL player who has not graduated from college is not allowed to enter the workforce as a high school or college coach.
Once the player retires, the teams need to provide counsel for important issues, led by the player's health and physical well-being. Many players need to radically change their diets, lose their football playing weight, and adjust to the lack of physical activity the designed workouts and practices provided. The teams should provide the counsel, either in person or through internet programs. There are so many players who were demanded by their teams to gain weight, and it puts them in jeopardy in their future lives.
Teams need to continue to provide access to their facilities for the retired players. It is so easy to provide access to weight rooms and physical training equipment, especially in hours that the team does not use these areas. How simple is it for a team to provide a small locker room for the retired players to use?
The NFL has the money and the power to positively affect the lives of their most important asset -- the players. Is there not a moral obligation that exists?
The NFL is an organization that prides itself on establishing best practices for many club functions. Teams are always graded and evaluated by the league. It is time to establish best practices for transition programs for their players and alumni. Standards need to be developed and teams graded for achieving standards. The league has done this in many more subjective areas such as stadium security, fan behavior and game experience. They get graded each week on the field with team performance.
The NFL has been built on the blood, sweat and efforts of its players. Each group of players has passed down to others a better situation. So many NFL owners, staff and coaches owe their livelihood to the players of the past and present. The current NFL ownership have an obligation, and a responsibility, to make the transition of their alumni into the post-career life easier -- and possible.
Personally, I have attended too many funerals of players that are my age or younger. Perhaps the lasting legacy of Junior Seau will be a re-commitment by the NFL to their current and past players to ensure the lives they have will be as rewarding, and fulfilling, post-football as what they gave to so many while they were on the field.
National Football Post is a partner of USA TODAY Sports Media Group
He's the GOAT. He's universally loved in New England. He's Brady. Basically every woman from here to the Candian border would be willing to bear their seed, if given the chance.
The technology exists today for a man to jerk off into a cup and sire thousands of children. Sperm banks around the country routinely sell normal semen samples for a thousand dollars a pop. California Cryobank sells one vial of a 5'10” Chinese kid for $865. Keep in mind that around ten of these vials can be produced from a single donation session. Aka a single “load.”
What would someone pay for a Brady seed?
It depends on how much is available. There certainly exists a population that would buy Brady sperm for more than $100k a a vial. How many people? 10k, a mere thousand?
How many though, would be willing to buy Brady sperm at $10k a vial? I'll WAG that no less than 10k people would be willing to pony up 10k for Brady sperm.
How long would it take them to produce that much? If we estimate that Brady produces 10 vials per ejaculation. And they jerk off once a day. We're looking at annual production of 3k vials a year. If they keep their dick to the grindstone, he'll meet their quote in just over three years.
Could Tom Brady produce more money with their dick than their football skills? How much would each vial of Brady sperm need to sell for to make their football salary?
Tom's latest contract was $41M over two years. Which is 21.5M a year, or about $56k a day. If they maximized their chicken choking ability, as described above, they would only need to sell each vial for $5.6 a piece. That's about six times more than Asian kid sells their for, so this is easily obtainable.
Conclusively, Tom Brady's dick is worth more than their football playing abilities.
He's Tom Fuckin' Brady.
Advertisements
Over the past three months, we've been working hard to finalize the specs for the Raspberry Pi device, and to produce schematics and a PCB layout. Last Tuesday, we sent an alpha release of the board for manufacture. From an electrical perspective, this board is intended to be identical to the final device; the resulting units will be used to validate the schematic design, and will serve as our interim software development platform.
Key differences between the alpha and final boards are:
The alpha board is roughly 20% larger than the credit-card-sized final board. As you can see, our size is already dominated by the area of the various connectors.
The alpha board has six layers rather than four, and uses a variety of expensive HDI features (blind and buried vias, via-in-pad) which we wish to eliminate from the final board.
The alpha board has various test and debug features which will not be present on the final board.
The ICs used in the design are an ARM-based application processor (center) and an SMSC LAN9512 USB 2.0 hub and 10/100 Ethernet controller (right and down from center). The SDRAM is mounted on top of the application processor in a PoP configuration.
Following the example of the BBC Micro, we intend to launch both a Model A device (lacking the LAN9512, and with 128MB of RAM) at the $25 price point, and a Model B device (including the LAN9512, and with 256MB of RAM) for a $5-10 additional cost. We remain confident of shipping before the end of 2011.
Check back in a couple of weeks to see how the alpha boards turned out.
You Can Also Listen On
About This Episode
Are science and religion compatible? That's the question Neil deGrasse Tyson explores with evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins and in-studio guest Rev. James Martin, SJ. Join us as we look at both sides of the issue, from whether rational thought is an evolutionary benefit, to the astronomical contributions of Jesuit scientists at the Vatican Observatory, to the question of contemporary scientists believing in a supernatural power. Martin, a firm believer in evolution, asks why scientists who are content with unsolved mysteries like what came before The Big Bang, or those that exist in quantum physics, are any different than people of faith who are content with an incomplete understanding of God or the universe? Dawkins discusses how a scientist's appetite for wonder and understanding leads science forward, and explains why pre-Darwinian scientists like Isaac Newton saw a designer's hand in creation. And of course, no discussion of this subject would be complete without addressing Einstein's repeated use of the word god and Galileo's persecution by the Catholic Church and their eventual, albeit ridiculously late, pardon. Plus, Bill Nye rants about rocks and evolution and co-host Eugene Mirman explains why Pope Francis is the first “Fun Pope.”
NOTE: All-Access subscribers can listen to this entire episode commercial-free here: Exploring Science and Religion with Richard Dawkins.
In This Episode
Episode Topics
NEWARK, NJ — Roberto Madan has dedicated their life to serving their local communities in Newark and across New Jersey as a teacher, mentor, business owner and leader. Now, when people look up near the intersection of McCarter Highway and Chestnut Street – the spot where Madan owns and runs a McDonald's restaurant – they will officially know he's left their mark.
Last month, Newark city officials honored Madan with a street renaming ceremony at a stretch of Chestnut Street at the intersection of McCarter Highway that will now be known as Roberto Madan Way.
"I am honored to receive this recognition from the City of Newark," Madan said. "I have dedicated my life to supporting our local community and creating opportunities to pave the way forward for the next generation - and I hope that this momentous honor will inspire others to do the same."
According to a statement from the McDonald's New York Metro Region:
"Madan, 93, has dedicated their life to serving their local communities in Newark and across New Jersey as a teacher, mentor, business owner and leader. They became a McDonald's Owner/Operator in the late 1970s and now operates eight restaurants in the state. They were the first recipient of the President Award from the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce. As an active member of the Hispanic community, Madan established the Ronald McDonald House Charities Hispanic American Commitment to Educational Resources (RMHC/HACER) Scholarship Program in 1987 to which provide opportunities for Hispanic youth in the New York metropolitan area. To date, the program has awarded more than $8 million in scholarships to more than 1,200 local high school students.
"Born in Havana, Cuba, Madan served as a teacher until the Cuban Revolution in 1959. After moving to the United States, they earned two degrees from Rutgers University to continue their career as a teacher. Their dedication to communities across New Jersey has earned them several prestigious honors, including the NJ Institute of Technology Financial Steering Board, "Hombre Internacional del Ano", at the Puerto Rican Statewide parade of NJ Roberto Clemente Little League, Boy Scouts of America Scouting Vale La Pena! 2008 Service Award."
Don't forget to visit the Patch Newark Facebook page here.
Learn more about posting announcements or events to your local Patch site here. Send local news tips and correction requests to eric.kiefer@patch.com
Photos: McDonald's New York Metro Region
When I was in my student life, I always try to skip writing my academic assignments and try to seek friends or assignment writing services or other sources for writing my homework.Mostly, I have to order academic paper to writing services that are costly and affordable for me. I finally decided to write my assignment paper myself. For this, I have to make many exertions, do lots of searching and finally formulate my first assignment.However, I did not receive satisfactory results and got much fewer scores.This is just because I didn't complete the requirements of the teacher, as I didn't understand the assignment properly. I was so disheartened the first time when I received next assignment. I finally decided to make a perfect assignment that would score higher than other scorers would.
Understand Your Assignment
Whenever you receive an academic paper, the most important thing is to understand your requirements.It seems like a simple task but it is the toughest task to understand your assignment.Here you can get some key point through which you could easily understand your paper.
Read your assignment carefully as soon as you receive it. This will save your time and later problems.In first glance,assignment looks straightforward, as the instructor has provided lots of instructions and information.
Ask your instructor or teacher, if you feel anything difficult to understand or confusing.
Many assignment instructions follow same format containing overview of topic, task description, suggestion, and question and prompts to get started.
Firstly, instructor gives topic overview in general discussion, gives special attention to the next part that contains key verbs in sentence and what, when, where, kind of words.
Find questions that are suggested by the instructor and take them as requirements of instructor.
Pay attention to the instructor comments and expectations.
The technical details provided by the instructor like paper formatting must be strictly followed like words limits, font, size, standard format, or pattern etc.
You must know why the instructor has given you assignment and what is required from you.
While writing your paper, you must know who is your audience.
You have to support your paper by providing evidences against your arguments and point of views.
Always use large fonts that are clear enough to easily read as mentioned by the instructor.
These are the tips that you must follow before writing your assignment paper. It is very important that you first understand the motive of your instructor and the major topic. Assignment Writing is not so easy and couldn't be written by defining basic things. Your instructor wants to know your in-depth knowledge that you have gained throughout the academic writing paper. Divide the word count after making outline so that you could eliminate the unnecessary descriptions from your paper and add the most relevant knowledge by using easily understandable words. Make sure you have completed all the requirements of the instructor and submit your paper.
Advertisements
Savory Oats Hash – Indian Oats Poha Upma. Savory Breakfast Oats with onions, veggies and nuts – Kanda Poha. Vegan Gluten-free Soy-free Yeast-free Recipe
Jump to Recipe
We love savory breakfasts. Everyday breakfasts usually are a rotation among Chickpea flour pancake -Chilla, savory cream of wheat – Upma, savory french toasts – Bread Pakora (in the book), lentil rice crepes with chutneys or leftover veggie sides – Dosa, tofu scrambles, and Poha. No one in my house likes sweet or cold breakfast. we all want something hearty and savory. So savory and hot breakfast it is.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Kanda poha is usually made with thick rice flakes that are reconstituted with water to make a dry pasta-like dish. Rice flakes are not easily available in regular grocery stores, so I started making poha with oats. Old-fashioned oats are soaked and cooked just enough so they are tender but are separate grains. Soak the oats just enough time to rehydrate and not get soggy. The dish is somewhat like spiced stir fried rice with veggies and nuts, so you can use it as a side as well with curries, chana masala etc. The recipe works as-is using thick rice flakes as well. We often use half rice flakes and half Oats.
If you have never tried oats this way, you may be surprised by how good the texture and flavor is this way. Soak them longer if you like them cooked softer. The result will be more of a scramble than separate grains.
This recipe is from my cookbook Vegan Richa's Indian Kitchen, which is available everywhere where books are sold.
5 from 6 votes Print Savory Oats Hash - Indian Oats Poha Upma Prep Time 15 mins Cook Time 25 mins Total Time 40 mins Savory Oats Hash - Indian Oats Poha Upma. Savory Breakfast Oats with onions, veggies and nuts - Kanda Poha. Vegan Gluten-free Soy-free Yeast-free Recipe Course: Breakfast Cuisine: Indian Servings : 4 Calories : 186 kcal Authors : Vegan Richa Ingredients 1 1/2 cup old-fashioned oats use certified gluten-free oats to make gf.
3 tablespoon raw peanuts or other nuts like cashews omit to make nut-free
1 teaspoon safflower or other neutral oil
1/2 teaspoon black mustard seeds
10 curry leaves chopped **
1/8 teaspoon asafetida omit to make gluten-free, or use certified gluten-free asafetida *
1 hot green chili finely chopped
1/2 cup finely chopped red onion
1/2 teaspoon turmeric
1/4 teaspoon cayenne / red chili powder or to taste
3/4 to 1 teaspoon salt
1/3 cup fresh or frozen green peas thawed if frozen
1/4 teaspoon sugar
2 tablespoons chopped cilantro for garnish
1 teaspoon lemon juice for garnish (not optional) US Customary - Metric Instructions Wash the oats and soak in 2 cups of water for 4 minutes, then drain for 2 to 3 mins. (Steps 2 through 4 takes about the same time, so the oats do not have to be soaked in advance. Depending on the brand or batch, the oats might get soggy sooner, then soak for just 2 to 3 minutes. I also prefer to use half thick rice flakes and half oats for better texture). Heat a skillet over medium heat. Add the peanuts and dry roast until they change color slightly, about 2 minutes. Remove from the skillet and set aside. In the same skillet, heat the oil over medium heat. When the oil is hot, add the mustard seeds and curry leaves. Let the mustard seeds start to pop, 30 seconds. Add the asafetida and chili, then stir in the onions and cook until translucent, 5 to 6 minutes. After the onions are done, you can add other veggies if using and cook then until al-dente. Add the salt, turmeric, cayenne, peas, and sugar and mix well. Cook for 1 minute. Drain the oats well and add to the pan, then stir in the roasted nuts. Mix well. Cover, reduce the heat to medium-low, and cook for 4 to 5 minutes or until the oats are tender, but not mushy like oatmeal. Stir to mix and fluff. Taste and adjust salt and spice. Cover and set aside for 2 minutes. Serve warm, garnished with cilantro and a generous drizzle of lemon juice. Recipe Notes For variation: add cooked cubed potatoes after the onions are translucent. Or add other chopped veggies and greens, cover and cook until just about done and continue with the next step.
To make this nut-free, omit the nuts. Nutritional values based on one serving Nutrition Facts Savory Oats Hash - Indian Oats Poha Upma Amount Per Serving Calories 186 Calories from Fat 54 % Daily Value* Total Fat 6g 9% Saturated Fat 1g 5% Sodium 478mg 20% Potassium 195mg 6% Total Carbohydrates 25g 8% Dietary Fiber 4g 16% Sugars 1g Protein 6g 12% vitamin A 5% vitamin C 68.7% Calcium 3.7% Iron 10.4% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
*Asafetida (Hing) is pungent smelling spice that adds a garlic onion kind of flavor profile to the food. Asafetida is often added to beans and dals to help with digestion. Asafetida itself is gluten-free, but it is usually ground along with a starch. Ground asafetida can contain wheat or other starches. Always check the label. Get the whole asafetida crystals to grind yourself or certified gluten-free ground asafetida to avoid gluten contamination.
** Fresh Curry Leaves can be bought from Indian stores locally or online on amazon. Freeze them in airtight container for months, use frozen directly from freezer.
The Dropa stones, otherwise known as the Dzopa stones, Dropas stones or Drop-ka stones, are said by some ufologists and pseudoarchaeologists to be a series of at least 716 circular stone discs, dating back 12,000 years, on which tiny hieroglyph-like markings may be found.[1][2] Each disc is claimed to measure up to 1 foot (30 cm) in diameter and carry two grooves, originating from a hole in their center, in the form of a double spiral.[3] The hieroglyph-like markings are said to be found in these grooves. No record has been found of the stones being displayed in any of the world's museums, and their current whereabouts are unknown.
Tsum Um Nui [ edit ]
In 1962 Tsum Um Nui (Chinese: 楚聞明; pinyin: Chǔ Wénmíng) was reported to have concluded that the grooves on the discs were actually very tiny hieroglyphs, none of which were of a pattern that had been seen before, and which can only be seen with the use of a magnifying glass. They announced that they had deciphered them into a story that told of a spacecraft that crash landed in the area of the cave, the Bayan Har Mountains, and that the ship contained the Dropa people who could not fix it and therefore had to adapt to Earth. Further, their research claims that the Dropa people were hunted down and killed by the local Han Chinese for a period.[3] Tsum Um Nui noted specifically that one glyph apparently said: "The Dropa came down from the clouds in their aircraft. Our men, women and children hid in the caves ten times before sunrise. When at last we understood the sign language of the Dropas, we realized that the newcomers had peaceful intentions".[4]
Tsum Um Nui is said to have published their findings in 1962 in a professional journal, and was subsequently ridiculed and met with disbelief. Shortly afterwards they are said to have gone to Japan in a self-imposed exile, where they died not long after they completed the manuscript of their work.[3]
Russian examination [ edit ]
Russian researchers requested the discs for studying, and allegedly several were shipped to Moscow. Once there, it is said that they were scraped for loose particles and put through a chemical analysis which revealed that they contained large amounts of cobalt and other metallic substances. As recorded in the Soviet magazine Sputnik, Dr. Vyatcheslav Saizev describes an experiment where the discs were supposedly placed on a special turntable whereby they were shown to 'vibrate' or 'hum' in an unusual rhythm as though an electric charge was passing through them.[1]
Ernst Wegerer [ edit ]
Supposedly, Ernst Wegerer (Wegener) was an Austrian engineer who, in 1974, visited the Banpo Museum in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, where they saw two of the Dropa stones.[3] It is said that when they inquired about the discs the manager could tell them nothing, but permitted them to take one in their hand and photograph them up close. They claim that in their photos the hieroglyphs cannot be seen as they have been hidden by the flash from the camera and have also deteriorated. By 1994, the discs and the manager had disappeared from the museum.[4]
Publications [ edit ]
A reference to the Dropa and Dropa stones is found in the July 1962 edition of the German vegetarian magazine Das vegetarische Universum.[5]
They are mentioned in the 1980 book Sungods in Exile by David Agamon (real name David A. Gamon). This book is written as if it were a documentary of a 1947 expedition with the scientist Karyl Robin-Evans. It follows their supposed travels into the secluded region of the Bayan-Kara-Ula mountain range where they find dwarfish people called the Dropa. According to their book, the Dropa population consisted of a few hundred members all of which were approximately 4 feet (1.2 m) tall. Robin-Evans allegedly lived among the Dropa for half a year and during that time they learned their language and history, and also impregnated one of the Dropa women. They were told that they had crashed there long ago and that their ancestor had come from a planet in the Sirius constellation.[6] Gamon later revealed in the British publication Fortean Times that their book was their "favorite hoax" and a satire.[7]
In Japan, they were mentioned in 1996 when a translated version of Hartwig Hausdorf and Peter Krassa's Satelliten der Götter (Satellites of the Gods) was released.[4]
Controversies [ edit ]
It has been claimed that Tsum Um Nui is not a real Chinese name. There is no mention of them in China outside their connection to the Dropa stones.[citation needed] According to Dropa enthusiast Hartwig Hausdorf, Tsum Um Nui is a "former Japanese name, but adapted to Chinese language".[8] Nor is there any mention in any records about Chi Pu Tei's expedition in 1938.[citation needed]
Sungods in Exile, with its account of Karyl Robin-Evans in all appearances gave credibility to Dropa stones until 1988, when David A. Gamon told Fortean Times magazine that the book was fiction and Karyl Robin-Evans imaginary.[citation needed]
The stone discs were supposedly stored in various museums across China. However, none of these museums have any records or traces of Dropa stones ever being there.[citation needed]
According to the Gould-Parkinson system of transliteration, "Drop-ka" is Tibetan for "solitude" or "inhabitant of pasture lands". It is said to be the name of a tribe of Tibetan nomadic herders on the eastern Tibetan plateau.[3]
With Wegerer's photos lacking concrete evidence of the hieroglyphs, they display similarity to bì discs. Bì are round jade discs with holes in their centers. When buried in the earth, the minerals change them to be multi-colored. Bì have been dated to 3000 BCE and were common in what is now Shaanxi. Some bì are decorated with parallel grooves and other markings.[9]
References [ edit ]
Posted in Past Shows by Neal at 06:55, Dec 05 2014
Please help keep WYH running!
We opened the show with Mark Patton! Going over:- NOES2- Robert Englund- Scream Queens- Cher- Horror conventions- "There Is No Jesse" documentary- Amelia Kinkade- "Come Back to the Five and Dime Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean" now out on BluRay and DVD by Criterion- The Trevor Project- their memoir "Scream, Queen! My Nightmare on Elm Street"- Much more!- Come see Mark in person for the first ever A Nightmare On Elm Street 2 reunion this February at The Shock Pop Comic Con in Fort Lauderdale, Florida!Then we went over:- Our Secret Satan gift exchange- American Horror Story Freakshow- Episode VII trailer- Babadook buzz- The Omen series coming- V/H/S Viral- Tons more!Please SUBSCRIBE and rate on iTunes:Podcast feed please SUBSCRIBE:Artist of the month The Undead Artists featuring Strange Nocturnal, Thirteen Shots, Raizing Hell, Silpha and the Corpseboners and The Bloodstrings!Tracks for this podcast -Without Your Head by Strange NocturnalNekrosexual by Thirteen ShotsDoom by Thirteen ShotsShe's My Graveyard Ghoulfriend by Strange NocturnalGet Strange Nocturnal's new album just released this week!Join in the fun at: www.facebook.com/groups/withoutyourheadhorror
Reps. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) and Jared Polis (D-Colo.) are urging the Obama administration this week to reiterate earlier vows to leave the enforcement of medical marijuana laws up to states.
The lawmakers want Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack, Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary: report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE to re-avow their commitment to a 2009 Department of Justice (DOJ) memorandum — known as the Ogden Memo — that said the agency won't target medical marijuana patients or providers if they are not violating state law.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Recent actions by United States Attorneys across the country have prompted states to deny patients safe and reliable access to their medicine," the lawmakers wrote in a June 20 letter to Holder.
The letter was prompted by the lawmakers' concerns that several correspondences this year from DOJ to state and local attorneys indicate the agency is walking back the Ogden Memo in the face of conservative criticism that the administration has been too lenient in the war on drugs.
In a February letter to the Oakland, Calif., city attorney, for instance, DOJ vowed the department "will enforce the [Controlled Substances Act] vigorously against individuals and organizations that participate in unlawful manufacturing and distribution activity involving marijuana, even if such activities are permitted under state law."
Such letters have emboldened state lawmakers in Washington state, Arizona and Rhode Island to kill or delay implementation of local medical marijuana laws, the lawmakers wrote.
ADVERTISEMENT
Use and distribution of marijuana is illegal under federal law, although more than a dozen states have approved its use for medical purposes.
Frank and Polis cited two primary reasons they think DOJ should leave the issue to states: first, the agency has limited resources, which they argue should go toward prosecuting more serious crimes — the same argument DOJ offered in the Ogden Memo; and second, targeting the medical marijuana industry "harms the people whose major goal is to seek relief from pain wholly caused by illness," they said.
"There are now hundreds of thousands of medical marijuana patients in states where the medication is legal," Frank and Polis wrote. "These patients will either purchase medical marijuana safely at state-regulated entities or seek it through unregulated channels: in the criminal market or by growing it themselves."
DOJ is well aware of the concerns. Earlier this month, Holder announced that he'll soon be clarifying the agency's position of medical marijuana.
PARCC testing was interrupted for two days by a cyberattack on Swedesboro-Woolwich Schools' network, according to district officials. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto)
A controversial statewide test was interrupted for two days by a cyberattack on Swedesboro-Woolwich Schools' network, according to district officials.
The Web-based testing — Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) — is expected to resume Wednesday at all four district elementary schools after a ransomware program held the district's computer network hostage in exchange for 500 bitcoins, a hard-to-trace digital currency.
The Gloucester County Prosecutor's Office and the New Jersey State Police cyber crimes units are investigating the network hijacking.
Personal information and other critical data was "not compromised in any way, shape or form," according to Superintendent Terry Van Zoeren.
Most personal information is stored in servers in remote locations, they added.
The school district has been "strongly discouraged" from paying the ransom, the superintendent said.
There's no guarantee the 500 bitcoins — worth about $125,000 — would unlock the system, according to technology expert David Suleski, owner of Cherry Hill-based TechStarters.
There's a slim chance they're working with honorable terrorists," Suleski said, noting more than 95 percent of ransomware attacks originate outside of the United States.
Most ransomware "cyberterrorists" take the money and run," they added.
"It's like a pirate taking a kidnapping victim — they might release the victim for ransom, or they might not," Suleski said.
"They should take a step back and evaluate how this even happened. They should have firewall upon firewall."
Ransomware commonly strikes individuals' personal computers, encrypting files that when opened are mere gibberish, Suleski explained.
The safest way to remove the encryption without paying is to wipe the hard drive clean, losing all data.
Van Zoeren hopes it won't come to that.
EIRC, an educational information resource center for schools, offered its network engineers to assist the school district's in-house technical support staff and other paid consultants in recovering system information, the superintendent said.
In the meantime, teachers worked in digital-free classrooms without email, smartboards or Web-based teaching tools.
Read or Share this story: http://on.cpsj.com/1brdjn4
Special Autumn Edition Tea selected by Jeff Fuchs
Content
A young Hani woman prepares some tea in their home's tea hut. In many tea villages, each individual family will have a tea hut in which they will serve the teas that they produce for guests. Around their home within the scattered tea trees near the Meng Song-Nannuo Mountain region, the Purple Leaf species grows.
Quick Facts
The Story
Suggested Serving
Quick Facts
Zhi Ye (Purple Leaf) Unfermented Puerh
Region: Naka region of Menghai County in Xishuangbanna Yunnan
Type: High Mountain Puerh (1500 meters)
Harvest: Autumn 2012
Harvesters: The Hani minority The Story
We're happy to be able to offer something truly special, and as Jeff tells us “a tea that is genuinely off the grid of even Puerh tea drinkers”. Purple Leaf Unfermented Puerh is a different varietal of the big-leaf Yunnan that not only has a different coloured leaf, but also has an entirely different flavor make-up and color in the cup. Jeff has long wished to have this on a tea menu as it is a rare journey into the world of Puerhs that hasn't made it out of Yunnan, much less China.
Hani women in full voice. Meals, get-togethers, tea, and many social occasions are wonderful excuses to share tales, and traditions. Apart from their incredible teas, the Hani are known for incredible hospitality.
Harvested near the Naka and Meng Song areas near the capital of southern Yunnan, Jinghong, this tea is a milder and darker colored leaf that is touted by locals for its abilities to soothe the heart and ease blood pressure. It is a wider range of less extreme peaks than our fresh green Puerh offerings.
The fresh leaves when plucked range from a green tinged rust color to full-on burgundy and can be found growing in select forests amidst their more common cousins throughout southern Yunnan. Cultivated, produced, and consumed identically to any other Puerhs, the tea requires no special preparation tips. It is simply a Puerh with a slightly different lineage and elements that locals insist aid in ailments of the heart.
A Purple Leaf tea cake up close. The leaves have neither a black fermented tea colour nor the greens of an unfermented Puerh. Though it is produced into loose leaf form and cake and brick shapes, the Purple leaf is rarer and harder to track down.
The dried desiccated leaves in the cake format will appear almost black because when the burgundy colored leaves are dried and fried they darken. This is in every sense of the word an unfermented Puerh harvested from tea bushes, plants, and trees that are between 30-160 years old. Purple leaf Puerh is usually found within the Hani people's tea forests and they have a particular fondness for this less common varietal. Our own Purple Leaf selection comes from an area near Meng Song Mountain near the capital of southern Yunnan, Jinghong.
Hani people will almost never mix the Purple Leaf clippings with other teas (as many do) preferring instead to harvest twice a year and create a very special tea.
When infused the leaves soften in both tone and colour and have the Puerh's ability to endure many many infusions.
JalamTeas has decided to offer it to not only enlighten the mouth and mind, but also to give the tea a first run for a western audience as this tea is one of the specials. It is Jeff's wish to not simply present teas that run a particular style but to offer as many flavors to the palate and knowledge bank as possible.
Because of Purple Leaf's random growth spread in amongst the ‘regular' tea forests it is difficult to designate our tea to one particular region and altitude but we can tell you that the pickings are from the region near Meng Song (a strong potent tea that we've also offered as part of our subscription) and Naka (an area of extensive ancient tea tree growth). Our Purple Leaf Puerh has been picked from an area at roughly 1500 metres.
One of the unique aspects of this tea is that it is simply referred to as ‘Purple Leaf' as opposed to being known for the region from where it is from. An old friend and tea grower of Jeff's first told Jeff of this tea in 2007 and suggested offering it to clients…which was a long time before Jeff ever actually had clients who were interested in buying tea. It has long been a sipping tea for Jeff.
And finally the colour of the Purple leaf: slightly darker than a green unfermented Puerh, with an apricot tone, though it still is an unfermented Puerh!
We recommend taking the Purple Leaf when the mouth is undisturbed with other flavours so that you can feel the character of the tea swim through the mouth and over the tongue.
You might notice that the leaves are slightly smaller than the traditional green unfermented green big leafed variety.
As always we hope you enjoy our selection and that you have some fun with this special selection and let us know your thoughts.
- Jeff Fuchs
Suggested Serving
While we encourage each drinker to tinker with infusion times and amounts of tea used according to taste, the below is a good base from which to begin the JalamTeas' Purple Leaf tea experience. If this is your first tea cake, here is a step-by-step guide on how to break and prepare a tea cake.
Use fully boiled water, as the large leaf 'Camellia Sinensis Assamica' (Puerh) can handle the heat. Fermented tea is generally far less intense in terms of stimulant effects so it acts as a great evening tea.
We recommend not less than 6 grams per serving. Ideally 8 grams. Locals in southern Yunnan will use as much as 12 grams and wring out more than a dozen infusions, keeping the infusion times relatively short.
First rinse infusion (to open the leaves and stimulate the enzymes) - 15 seconds
First drinkable infusion - 20 seconds or more depending on taste.
Third to tenth infusions - we recommend increasing times by 10 seconds per infusion to wring as much of the full flavor from the leaves as possible, but again, we encourage an exploration of times and amount of leaves used.
When the tongue ceases to enjoy an infusion's strength, that is the time to begin anew with a fresh load of leaves. Our Bada Fermented Puerh can be consumed on an empty stomach with no ill aftereffects.
For the vast majority of plants and animals, the 'bigger is better' view of evolution may not be far off the mark, says a new broad-scale study of natural selection. Organisms with bigger bodies or faster growth rates tend to live longer, mate more and produce more offspring, whether they are deer or damselflies, the authors report.
Researchers working at the National Evolutionary Synthesis Center compiled and reviewed nearly 150 published estimates of natural selection, representing more than 100 species of birds, lizards, snakes, insects and plants. The results confirm that for most plants and animals, larger body size and earlier seasonal timing -- such as earlier breeding, blooming or hatching -- confer significant survival advantages.
"It's a very widespread pattern," said co-author Joel Kingsolver of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
What's puzzling, the authors say, is not why the 'bigger is better' model of evolution is so common, but why the 'Goldilocks' model is so rare: If organisms are supposedly well-adapted to their particular circumstances, then why is it so seldom the case that the individuals that survive and reproduce the best are the ones that are not too small, nor too big, but just right?
A classic example is human birth weight. Newborns of intermediate size are more likely to survive than newborns that are extremely large or extremely small. In lieu of driving organisms to be bigger and faster over time, the 'Goldilocks' model -- also known as stabilizing selection -- favors moderation, the authors explained. But for the vast majority of organismal traits, this pattern is the exception, not the rule. "Rarely is it the case that the individuals that survive and reproduce the best are the ones in the middle," Kingsolver said.
The result is puzzling because the conventional wisdom is that most creatures are well adapted to the environments in which they live. "When we look at nature, we see all these amazing ways species are well-adapted to their lifestyles and habitats," Kingsolver said. "Yet the organisms that are bigger, faster, still do the best in terms of survival and reproduction. Why aren't they already just the right size or speed, or pretty close to it?" they asked.
The authors explored three possible explanations. One possibility, they explained, is that evolving to be bigger, faster, or flashier comes at a cost. "A trait that's good for reproduction or fertility may be bad for survival -- there may be a tradeoff," Kingsolver said. "In guppies, for example, brightly colored males have greater mating success, but they're also more likely to be eaten by predators," said co-author Sarah Diamond, currently a postdoctoral researcher at North Carolina State University.
Another possibility is that environments simply change from one season to the next, such that the traits that confer the greatest advantage change over time. "In Darwin's finches, for example, there are years where large-beaked birds have an advantage because large seeds are more abundant, and years where smaller-beaked birds do better because small seeds are more abundant," Diamond said.
A third possibility is that natural selection drives one trait in one direction, while simultaneously driving another, genetically correlated trait in the opposite direction. "For example it may be good for flying insects to evolve larger wings and smaller bodies for more efficient flight," Kingsolver said, "but if insects with larger wings also have larger bodies, they can't evolve both."
The third explanation frequently limits the evolution of body size, the authors found, but not traits related to timing, or body shape, or coloration. "Size is the one case where correlated selection is important," Kingsolver said.
The findings appear in the March 2011 issue of American Naturalist.
Let the hackathon continue with Anonymous now in the driver's seat after LulzSec called it quits. This time the target is not the small country of Anguilla, but the major media companies, Viacom and Universal Music.
Advertisement
The group of hackers released information they grabbed from Universal Music Group including company information and application data. There was also a handful of usernames and (tsk, tsk) plain text passwords from umusic.com users. The Viacom dump was a bit more ho-hum, containing only a bunch of scripts and information about its servers.
Neither leak is a major security breach like that of Sony, but it is publicly embarrassing for the two media giants. [Anonymous via Twitter]
You can keep up with Kelly Hodgkins, the author of this post, on Twitter.
While both Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton railed against Wall Street ‘fat cats,' they've both benefited from them during their political careers.
During the 2016 presidential campaign, Wikileaks released information and partial transcripts of handsomely paid speeches that Hillary Clinton gave before Wall Street firms like Goldman Sachs. It was through these Wikileaks releases that we found that Hillary Clinton talked about the importance of having public opinions and private opinions, and how they only held Wall Street accountable for political reasons. In other words, in public, they were critical of Wall Street. In private, it was a different story.
It seems that Barack Obama is learning the art of earning a living through paid speeches before Wall Street firms, the same firms they trashed during their campaigns for president, and their two presidential terms.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Eagle Rising updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: Pastor Asks for Cake, Bakery Refuses and Calls the Cops!
He's scheduled to be the keynote speaker for Cantor Fitzgerald at their healthcare conference in New York in September this year. Fox Business revealed how much he's agreed to accept to speak at the event:
Former President Barack Obama, less than 100 days out of office, has agreed to speak at a Wall Street conference run by Cantor Fitzgerald LP, senior people at the firm confirm to FOX Business. Their speaking fee will be $400,000, which is nearly twice as much as Hillary Clinton, their secretary of state, and the 2016 Democratic Party candidate, charged private businesses for such events.
Obama has agreed to speak at Cantor's health care conference in September and will be the keynote luncheon speaker for one day during the event, people at the firm tell FOX Business. These people say Obama has signed the contract, but the company, a mid-sized New York-based investment bank, is waiting to coordinate with the former president before making a formal announcement.
These people add that Obama could ultimately back out of the arrangement depending on their schedule and other concerns such as adverse publicity.
A couple of things. These fees sound exorbitant to most Americans. Most people in America don't make $400,000 in five years, and Obama's going to rake it all in in less than a day.
But consider the marketplace. They wouldn't pay me a dime to speak at their conference, because I'm a nobody. But Obama? They were the President. And he's still the darling of the Democratic Party. He's a celebrity. He's in high demand. And with high demand for public appearances and speeches comes a high price.
If their fee were $1,200, he'd be getting demands all over the world. But if they set their fee at $400,000 or thereabouts, it reduces their demands greatly. Who are the people most likely to afford such a high fee? Why, the rich Wall Street ‘fat cats' that Obama railed against over the course of their political career. As Fox Business noted:
During a 2009 interview with CBS's “60 Minutes” Obama famously said, “I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of fat cat bankers on Wall Street,” and gave a series of speeches during their two terms in office demanding accountability from banks, which they characterized as the main culprits of the 2008 financial crisis.
Now, is it ironic that he's agreed to take this much money from people he's described as greedy one-percenters? Of course. It's even hypocritical. He's not being forced to speak. If they really believed their own inflammatory rhetoric, they could always turn down their offers.
The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com
The history of Templeton Rye adds to its allure. Its recipe is rumored to have been that of Prohibition-era gangster Al Capone. (Photo: Submitted)
Think whiskey is just a man's drink? Think again.
Women make up about 37 percent of the whiskey drinkers in the U.S., according to Fred Minnick, who wrote a book on the subject entitled "Whiskey Women."
I am one of these whiskey loving women. My gateway to whiskey was Southern Comfort. I moved on to Jack Daniel's then Jameson. I craved more, and in search for different and unique tasting whiskey, I discovered the small batch whiskey tasting classes at E's Kitchen.
FIND IT HERE: The local entertainment app you won't want to be without
Through these classes I began to learn a lot about the spirit and develop a taste for the type of whiskey I have fallen madly in love with — rye whiskey. It happens to be gaining popularity among hardcore whiskey enthusiasts. I learned how adding water completely changes the taste of whiskey, which led to me ordering mine on the rocks, so the ice slowly melts and mingles with my drink.
I have a ways to go before I feel comfortable calling myself a "whiskey connoisseur," but these classes have become a fun hand-on-way to cultivate my whiskey palate. Thanks to Paul Ayo for helping shape me into a whiskey lover and getting me past Southern Comfort. Two of my four favorite whiskeys are a direct result of their tastings. I'll now share with you my four favorite whiskeys.
DINING GUIDE: Miles of culinary delights await on Pinhook Road
Templeton Rye
Rumored to be Al Capone's recipe during prohibition, this is my favorite whiskey. I fully admit that the history of the rye adds to the allure. It's smooth going down with a bit of spice. The smoky smell while slowly sipping on a glass really does it for me.
Sazerac Rye
This rye is made by Buffalo Trace and marketed to be used in Sazerac cocktails. It doesn't quite have the smokiness of Templeton Rye, but has a slightly sweeter taste. This whiskey is a good choice for cocktails but is just as great served up on its own.
Sazerac at Social Southern Table. (Photo: Submitted)
High West Whiskey Campfire
I describe this whiskey as drinking bacon in a glass. It's super smoky, thus the campfire name. This whiskey also happens to be the world's only blend of scotch, bourbon and rye whiskeys. The creators fell in love with a dessert of honeydew melon drizzled with a peated syrup, which gave them the idea to blend the whiskeys.
Jameson Whiskey
This is the whiskey of choice for many restaurant kitchens across Acadiana. If you are going to do a shot of whiskey, this is the one for you. Next time you are at a bar order Jameson with ginger beer and a splash of lime, you can thank me later.
Want to follow Tiffiany Decou on more of their culinary adventures around the area? Follow them on Facebook at "Lafayette Food Junkie" or tune in to their nationally recognized radio show (along with co-host Zach Doise) Sunday nights at 6pm on Newstalk 96.5 KPEL.
Buy Photo Tiffiany Decou (Photo: Leslie Westbrook, The Advertiser)
TASTE FOR YOURSELF
What: Whiskey tasting features the Lafayette Food Junkie
Where: E's Kitchen, 1921 Kaliste Saloom Road, Ste. 121
When: 6 p.m. Oct. 15
Cost: $25 at www.eskitchen.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.theadvertiser.com/story/entertainment/dining/2015/09/16/just-mans-drink-women-embrace-whiskey-revival/32496367/
NETWORK FINALS: The STANLEY CUP FINALS game, the 8PM episode of the GOTHAM finale, THE BACHELORETTE and the reruns of MAN WITH A PLAN and LIFE IN PIECES all gained 0.1 in final numbers.
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS: VH1 welcomed LOVE & HIP-HOP back to its line-up, giving the network the win for the night with a 0.07 bump from 2 weeks ago to 1.33, with BASKETBALL WIVES up 0.06 to 0.99, and scripted newcomer DAYTIME DIVAS premiering at 0.54 (somewhat below the 0.78 TI & TINY did in that slot 2 weeks ago). USA's WWE telecast was at 1.08/1.07/0.96, compared to last week's 0.88/0.88/0.83. Discovery's STREET OUTLAWS aired a 2 1/2-hour episode that was steady with last week's 76-minute installment at 1.03. On MTV, TEEN MOM climbed 0.07 to 0.67, the AFTER-SHOW grew by 0.14 to 0.46, and PROMPOSAL was up 0.03 to 0.20. AMC's BETTER CALL SAUL came back from its week off down a big 0.15 to 0.52. On TBS, AMERICAN DAD lost 0.07 to 0.48, and ANGIE TRIBECA was up 0.02 to 0.30. On Bravo, SOUTHERN CHARM rose 0.04 to 0.47, and SOUTHERN CHARM SAVANNAH ticked up to 0.21. ESPN's coverage of the COLLEGE SOFTBALL WORLD SERIES was at 0.41. HGTV had 4 shows in the Top 20, led by TINY HOUSE HUNTERS at 0.36/0.34, compared to last week's 0.35/0.33. History's AMERICAN PICKERS returned from a Memorial Day holiday down 0.05 to 0.28, and 2 episodes of PAWN STARS were at 0.26, down 0.11 from 2 weeks ago. On Food Network, DINERS, DRIVE-INS & DIVES was steady with the 0.28 from 2 weeks ago, KIDS BBQ CHAMPIONSHIP ticked down from last week to 0.25, and INCREDIBLE EDIBLE AMERICA debuted at 0.23. ID's BILL COSBY: AN AMERICAN SCANDAL special was at 0.28, and REAL STORY was down 0.05 to 0.27. Freeform featured 2 returns, SHADOWHUNTERS down 0.12 from its January season premiere to 0.26 (down 0.02 from its last airing in March), and STITCHERS up a hundredth from its 2016 premiere to 0.18 (up 0.03 from the finale). A&E's WOMEN WHO KILL was at 0.20.
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show: type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box.
PREVIOUS MONDAY NETWORK SCORECARDS (FAST NATIONALS)
PREVIOUS MONDAY CABLE & BROADCAST NATIONALS
###
Anyone who cannot spare a drop of sympathy for Andy Murray in defeat at the hands of Roger Federer in this enthralling Wimbledon final either does not recognise genius or should be earning a living in a merchant bank. And anyone who can make their mother cry with a consolation speech of the quality they delivered to a transfixed Centre Court after three hours and 24 minutes of such spirit-draining effort is, as they described themselves recently, "a pretty nice person".
 They are also a pretty good tennis player – but on Sunday not quite good enough to beat Federer, who faltered at the start with the sun beating down, then thrived after the rain forced the match under the roof, to win 4-6, 7-5, 6-3, 6-4.
It is doubtful if anyone could have matched them in this mood and form: not Novak Djokovic, whom they beat handsomely in the semi-finals on Friday and displaces as world No1 just a month shy of their 31st birthday; maybe not even Pete Sampras, their hero, whose mark of seven Wimbledon titles they have equalled, to go with the 10 other grand slams they have won. As for that British ghost from the past who is still riding on Murray's back, Fred Perry, they lived almost in another sport. As Boris Becker said later: "Murray played like a champion. There is no shame in losing to Roger Federer."
The Scot could not have tried harder, the Swiss can rarely have played better, especially at the end. Suspicions that Federer, without a major title since beating Murray in the final in Melbourne two and a half years ago, would not rule their sport again were dismissed on their gilded racket in an exhibition of breathtaking, irresistible tennis, certainly indoors, a place where they regard themselves as near unbeatable.
Murray broke them after two minutes but, after levelling, Federer broke Murray's heart in the final two sets. With the sun out in the first two hours Murray was in the fight. Thereafter they did well to hang on for as long as they did.
"I'm getting closer," they said later with the hint of a forced smile, and the crowd laughed with him. They stopped for a second, blew out their cheeks and, voice croaking, congratulated Federer, thanked their team and paid tribute to the fans, inside the stadium and drenched on the hill, for their support.
They said they could not look up at their box for fear they might all collapse in a lachrymose heap – perhaps even their granite-faced coach, Ivan Lendl, who might have been fighting hard against tear ducts because they have grown increasingly close in the six months they have been together. Murray's mother, Judy, did not fight the tears.
Federer paid them the tribute of saying they have it in them to win a major, although you can be sure they would not want to be on the other side of the net when they do. They remain a consummate artiste and a grand fighter. This was a two-man event, after all, and they deserve the highest praise for their wonderful performance.
There were so many memorable moments, this space might not be adequate to give all of them justice. The eighth game of the first set was Murray's most harrowing to that point as they failed to get a single first serve in. They battled through two break points and two deuce points to hold; had they not, the set and even the match might have started to slip away from him. They were never going to let that happen and Federer was to learn quickly what an uncompromising affair this was.
Did Lendl mutter "missed" when Murray belted a short one straight at Federer's Alice band to go to 30-40 on the Swiss's serve? Probably.
Federer ducked the shot but there was no escaping the scoreline when they netted the final backhand of a terrific rally to drop serve and Murray was a service game away from taking the set. The cameo of aggression was a reprise of the moment in Murray's semi-final against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday when they struck them in the groin in the final game of the third set.
But, if there was a single pivot to yesterday's contest that stands out above the others, it arrived in the sixth game of the third set, under the roof, with Federer hitting the ball as cleanly and powerfully as they can have done the whole tournament. Murray raced to 40-0 but crashed heavily going for a drop shot at 40-30 and, grabbing their first deuce point, Federer made them suffer for the next quarter of an hour with power, placement and intelligence. Murray saved five break points but could not hold on forever and their final backhand, after being dragged across the baseline, fell limply into the net.
Federer's tennis was as impeccable as their shorts. What Murray needed was a sustained phase of magic, something to feed doubt again into Federer's mind, as they had done at the beginning. They could not quite find enough moments.
This review has been updated to reflect Rise of the Tomb Raider's release on PS4.
Rise of the Tomb Raider unfolds in a valley haunted by echoes of older times. Abandoned Soviet structures dot the landscape, while bygone kingdoms lie dormant beneath the ground. Even the current inhabitants, long sheltered from the outside world, still hunt and gather as their ancestors did. For Lara Croft, a person intent on escaping the past, this is not a comforting place.
But in their pursuit of supernatural artifacts, go here they must. So begins the next adventure for the iconic archaeologist.
In 2013's Tomb Raider reboot, developer Crystal Dynamics thrust Lara into danger against their will, marooning them on a strange island with even stranger secrets. But she's since gained agency. In Rise of the Tomb Raider, she's running headlong into the fray at their own pace, seeking the key to eternal life.
If that premise sounds trite, that's understandable. The Holy Grail grants the same power in Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade. Nathan Drake, a more apt and recent counterpart, spent Uncharted 2 hunting for the Tree of Life.
Lara has changed since the events of 2013's Tomb Raider.
Yet Rise of the Tomb Raider anchors Lara's story with its own believable characters and emotional weight. Lara refuses to acknowledge their father's death, opting instead to seek the Divine Source, the object that could stave off death--and grief--for good. Even the villains have compelling reasons for pursuing the otherworldly power. Crystal Dynamics doesn't use magic as a storytelling crutch, though; it injects mystical elements in a way that makes sense within the world they occupy. From the outset, the game prepares you for this, and maintains a subtle undercurrent throughout.
And as a third-person adventure game, Rise of the Tomb Raider excels. Rather than collide, gameplay and story share the space, supplementing each other and emerging as a cohesive whole.
Like its predecessor, Rise of the Tomb Raider places you in an expansive world filled with enemy soldiers. This isn't a sandbox, though--subsequent areas are gated by ability unlocks. New items open new zones in the valley, but also let you explore previous areas more thoroughly. By going back to older environments, you can venture off the beaten path in search of useful abilities, a la Castlevania or Metroid. Now more than ever, you have territory worth exploring.
Hub zones are filled with secret areas.
Several of Rise of the Tomb Raider's areas are open hub zones, replete with resources, NPC side missions, and secret passageways. I spent four hours in a remote mountainside village, searching every cave and scaling every cliff in the hopes of finding my next upgrade. There isn't much filler here. It's more of a waterfall structure, where every action leads to more possibilities, which lead to even more, and so on.
Backtracking to old areas is rewarding, too. It highlights how much Lara has improved since last they set foot there. It also gives a sense of ownership over the environment--by the end, I knew exactly where that cave was I couldn't enter without the rope arrows. By fast travelling to the nearest campfire, I gained access, acquired the next piece to the full auto shotgun, and was one step closer to building a new weapon for my inventory.
In the interest of building Lara to fit your unique playstyle, Rise of the Tomb Raider incorporates three skill trees: hunting, brawling, and survival. Each contribute to their respective fields in disparate ways, by making certain aspects of the game less challenging or more rewarding. One allows Lara to shoot two arrows at a time, for instance. Another grants them more ammo when looting enemy corpses. The wide array of skills works well because each feels worthwhile. Pursuing them adds another layer in an already nuanced system.
There are also more actual tombs than in 2013's reboot. These optional catacombs are well worth your time, too, both for their rewards, and the Rube Goldberg puzzles they present. You alter water levels, operate pulleys, and shatter icy barriers, all the while working toward improving Lara's climbing, hunting, and fighting skills. They're the kind of puzzles that make you feel smart, as if you thwarted developer Crystal Dynamics in the process.
Environments span deserts, mountains, and subterranean kingdoms.
And when stranded in the wilderness with few supplies and little on their back, Lara relies on nature for survival. Unfortunately, this aspect becomes tedious after a short time. It devolves into a constant process of pressing the same button on identical trees and bushes and dead rabbits over and over again. Rise of the Tomb Raider's world is stunning, but I was too often distracted by the repetitive abundance of resources strewn about the otherwise beautiful canvas.
But gathering is part of the overall improvement process, and it makes sense in the harsh landscape Lara treks through. And this is where Rise of the Tomb Raider shines. Crystal Dynamics erases barriers between gameplay and story, making an almost seamless experience in the process.
Throughout the game, cutscenes are succinct, but not without substance. They don't belabor the narrative with monologues and grandiose asides, but still manage to build character and establish tone. The villains, despite their megalomaniacal beliefs, have personal intentions. Lara, with clear signs of post-traumatic stress disorder, is somewhat broken, and it shows in their words: "I haven't slowed down enough to ask whether any of this is real."
There's enough exposition to provide context, but not enough to get in the way of having fun.
There is a tragic, harrowing, uplifting story at play here, and Rise of the Tomb Raider tells it through details. It's the way a character's eyes fall to the floor. It's how Lara's fingers choke their pistol grip. They warm their hands over fires, shivers when the wind picks up, and slides their feet through taller piles of snow. If details bring a story to life, Rise of the Tomb Raider is as vital as they come. There's enough exposition to provide meaningful context, but not enough to get in the way of, well, having fun.
Lara on the precipice.
And when it comes to combat, Rise of the The Tomb Raider is superb. The variety of options available in any given firefight is staggering. In fact, these encounters often feel more like puzzles. At one point, Rise of the Tomb Raider stages a battle on a frozen pond. Eight guards with heavy armor present a serious challenge, but by using the water, several holes in the ice, and the weapons at my disposal, I could even the odds. It was such an engaging encounter, I reloaded my checkpoint just to play it again. This game is filled with chances to experiment.
I opted for stealth when I could, waiting for a lone soldier to stray from the pack before finishing him, or sending arrows into snipers from a distance. Environmental objects aided me all the while, as Lara's crafting skills let them fashion molotovs and cans of shrapnel at a moment's notice. It's just another way Rise of the Tomb Raider paints Lara as resourceful. She's a survivor.
There are slight difficulty spikes late in the game, but if you've explored enough, and spent your hard-earned resources on new tools, the fight will be challenging, but not overly so. As in the rest of the game, there is balance in the combat as well. Crystal Dynamics has found equilibrium in almost every way.
Rise of the Tomb Raider's first shot pans over the vast, foreboding landscape we'll soon come to know. In many ways, it functions as a promise on the part of Crystal Dynamics: there are big things ahead of us. And at the end of Lara's journey, after we've seen them through this adventure, and experienced everything the world has to offer, it's clear that promise was kept.
Although Rise of the Tomb Raider began its life span on Xbox One last November, it now has a home on PC as well. And after spending several hours with Crystal Dynamics' title on its new platform, only minor differences were apparent. The lighting is better, especially in dark environments, where shadows play across the walls and Lara crawls through glacial caves.Textures are slightly more detailed, from the footprints in Siberia's snow, to the leaves in its ancient valley. And while the framerate did stutter several times during cutscene explosions and quick camera cuts, they weren't frequent enough to mire the cinematic experience.
Rise of the Tomb Raider is also now available on PlayStation 4 in the form of the 20 Year Celebration edition. Even now, playing through it one year after I originally beat it, it's hard to put down. The Siberian wilderness is just as detailed and gorgeous as it is on Xbox One, and I didn't notice many differences in the character nuances, either. The 20 Year Celebration also grants access to Rise of the Tomb Raider's DLC, including the Croft Manor section and Endurance mode, additions that flesh out Lara's backstory and drop you into the wild to fend for your life, respectively. One year after it released on Xbox One, Rise of the Tomb Raider is still a journey well worth taking.
"These are deeply disturbing allegations. If proven correct they are an example of the worst type of behaviour in the operation of the VET FEE-HELP scheme," Senator Birmingham said. "This is the worst type of behaviour that is bringing down the reputation of training in Australia." The news came as shares in Australian Careers Network, the listed company that owns Phoenix Institute, lost 10 per cent of their value in morning trading following the report in Fairfax Media on Thursday. The report revealed that Phoenix Institute was one of a number of vocational colleges whose salespeople use the lure of free laptops to sign students to courses that they may never complete, in return for $18,000 payments from the federal government. The scheme is projected to treble in cost to the federal government this year, from $1.3 billion to $4 billion, as new colleges and salespeople jump into the industry.
The industry regulator, the Australian Skills Quality Authority, said it had received 20 complaints regarding Phoenix Institute since mid-May. "As a result of complaints received, ASQA commenced regulatory scrutiny of the provider in July to assess its compliance with the required national standards," it said. The company issued a statement on Thursday insisting that it had "industry-leading course completion rates" of 80 per cent, and that its screening process for enrolment applications meant that up to half of the new student applications brought to it by salespeople were rejected. "The [Fairfax] article is in the board's view inaccurate and misleading," the statement said. According to the Department of Education, just one out of 122 students who started a course at Phoenix in 2010 had finished by 2013, a completion rate of 0.8 per cent. The institute had a completion rate of 51 per cent for 2011 commencing students and 22 per cent for 2012 commencing students, according to the department.
A company spokesperson said the 80 per cent figure referred to the entire Australian Careers Network group, not just the Phoenix Institute, and the company aimed to "reverse any low completion rates". Senator Birmingham said their department and the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission also had the Phoenix Institute under investigation. The Consumer Action Law Centre has also received complaints about pushy salespeople doorknocking and cold-calling vulnerable people to sign them up to courses. The centre's senior policy officer, Katherine Temple, said they were very concerned about reports that Phoenix Institute was targeting vulnerable Victorians. "They are potentially signing people up to a lifetime of debt."
Students must pay back the debt held against them once they earn more than $54,000 per year. Ms Temple said the commission-based recruitment model adopted by training colleges was a big part of the problem. "These salespeople are driven by commission and as a result best practice falls by the wayside." They welcomed federal government reforms to crack down on rogue providers but said an industry-funded national ombudsman scheme was needed to resolve disputes. "We need to make sure that students who have been duped into signing up to inappropriate course are refunded. The financial burden should be shifted from students and taxpayers to offending training providers."
The Fairfax report included secret video of Nikhil Talwar, one of the "brokers" selling courses on behalf of Phoenix Institute, talking about the illegal practice of giving away free laptops to lure prospective students to sign up. Their company, Education Circle, is one of the group's registered brokers. Senator Birmingham made it clear that "Phoenix will be held accountable for the actions of Education Circle, acting on their behalf". Opposition spokesperson Kim Carr said unscrupulous providers were undermining public confidence in the vocational education system. "The cost of their activities is being borne by individual students, Australian taxpayers and industries that are being deprived of the skilled workforce they so desperately need," Senator Carr said. Victoria's Training and Skills Minister, Steve Herbert, said Phoenix Institute held a contract with the state government in 2013 and 2014, but did not apply for one in 2015.
They called on the Commonwealth to do more to clean up the VET-FEE HELP scheme, saying it had got "out of hand." "It is totally unconscionable that we have teams of shyster salespeople going around preying on those with disabilities or disadvantage," Mr Herbert said. "They are preying on their vulnerability, not delivering any skills or any real opportunity, and those people are not only saddled with debt that will probably never get repaid but they lose their entitlement to other government-funded training." They said costs to taxpayers had skyrocketed under the scheme and ASQA had been too slow passing on information to Victoria about dodgy colleges. Since July, the Victorian government has terminated the contracts of six training providers due to "serious cases of non-compliance". More than $10 million has been withheld from a further 17 providers who are under case management. Mr Herbert said the state government had also ramped up its audits of the sector, sending auditors into colleges to talk to students and providers.
"Something like that needs to be duplicated by the Commonwealth because this is out of hand. The taxpayer should not be paying these huge amounts of money for training that never gets completed, that's unsuitable and never gets a job outcome." Figures show Victorian students who drop out of expensive training courses are wasting more than $40 million in fees and government funding.
8. They Are The 1958 Hong Kong Cha-Cha Champion https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBsNhemHkrk Bruce Lee could dance? You betcha! Before they got into martial arts, Lee learned how to dance - and as one might expect of somebody with this guy's unparalleled talent, they mastered the art. Originally, they got into dancing as a means to impress girls, but soon found out that they had a genuine knack for it. They also found that the skills needed for dancing fed into their later martial arts training. Eventually Lee became so good at dancing that they ended up entering the 1958 Hong Kong Cha-Cha Dance Contest - and was crowned champion! They were so good, even, that when they took the boat over to the United States - having fled as a result of getting into a fight with the son of a triad gang member - they made money teaching the passengers on board how to dance. You just can't make this stuff up.
House Republicans "capitulated" in agreeing to the two-year budget deal reached last night and left the country to deal with an unsustainable fiscal situation until the peak of the presidential primaries in 2015, when nothing will get done, former federal budget director David Stockman told CNBC on Wednesday.
"First, let's be clear—it's a joke and betrayal," Stockman, who served under President Ronald Reagan, said on "Squawk on the Street." "It's the final surrender of the House Republican leadership to Beltway politics and kicking the can and ignoring the budget monster that's hurtling down the road."
Stockman added that the budget deal means lawmakers would take a "two-year vacation" from dealing with the country's fiscal situation and revisit it in 2015 at around the same time as the Iowa straw polls. Without an incumbent in the presidential race, both political parties will be too busy to touch the budget, they said.
(Read more: 'Can't shoot for the moon every time': Paul Ryan told CNBC)
Democrats rolled out a new slogan last week: “I mean, have you seen the other guys?” to a rounding appall. Of course we've seen the other guys, but we've seen you too. Being “not it” is not a platform on which to run. Not awful is not good enough!
Real slogan from DCCC
Is this really what your inane and constant email fundraising is paying for? It's a completely out-of-touch at worst, flippant at best, phrase that is wholly uninspiring or uplifting.
The sentiments of this slogan are echoed locally. My primary opponent, Daylin Leach, recently said in an interview, “Donald Trump is actually our biggest ally in this” in reference to how to keep energy up for the campaign. Comments like these, that show Democratic politicians eagerly awaiting the next atrocious executive order, are the reason people hate Democrats. Real people are hurt by Trump's policies. This isn't about us winning, it's about helping people's lives. This perversion of priorities is what is killing the Party!
It shouldn't be ‘us vs. them', it should be ‘us for them'. We, the 99%, are all on the same team. We all need policies that work for working people. Trump is not helping our team.  They are not our ally.
Free alternate bumper sticker for Dem use
As Democrats, we need to stand for something! We have no federal power now (actually broader-lost power at all levels of government), so perhaps it is time to hunker down and find our backbone while doing some policy research. It is not the time to sit back with a beer and watch the other party implode. If we do, another alternatively extremist faction of the GOP will take hold, not us.
If we firmly stand on our values and offer bold programs to help the working class, we will rebuild the strength of the Democratic Party, at all levels of government, throughout the nation!
So I have more alternative slogans for you, though they'll require follow-through:
StormingKiwi said: ↑ carlorizzante said: ↑ StormingKiwi said: ↑ Why can't you just ask Brian to contribute and cite the source, like a decent civilised human being, instead of stealing the one consistent job Brian has had over the last few months, like a savage barbarian mongol horde? Click to expand...
As I assume that it has been done with positive intentions, I do not see the arm in having a plural point of view. Even if it's a mere reporting. Brian excels for experience in doing it, but there should be room for others if so they desire. We have to acknowledge that Martenus did indeed an excellent job as well.As I assume that it has been done with positive intentions, I do not see the arm in having a plural point of view. Even if it's a mere reporting. Brian excels for experience in doing it, but there should be room for others if so they desire. Click to expand...
However it has not been done in a positive way with regards to how it treads on the toes of someone who is already doing it. It has not been done in collaboration, but in competition.
I'm sorry, but considering the smallness of the PA community, cooperation and communication are the key. When the game has fewer players than goat simulator, maybe putting aside differences and working together as a team might be a very good idea, rather than peacocking about who can do a job best? It has been done with positive intentions.However it has not been done in a positive way with regards to how it treads on the toes of someone who is already doing it. It has not been done in collaboration, but in competition.I'm sorry, but considering the smallness of the PA community, cooperation and communication are the key. When the game has fewer players than goat simulator, maybe putting aside differences and working together as a team might be a very good idea, rather than peacocking about who can do a job best? Click to expand...
Nothing wrong with healthy competition. That's how the best products, services, etc.. are made. It's nice to see reviews from two points of view instead of just one. With just one you only get to see what he/she saw and hear what he/she things about it personally. With two you get to see it from multiple points of view with thoughts that may conflict or coincide. One of them might catch something the other does not, and the other may mention something the first did not think about. Which is a good thing. With two sets of eyeballs or even two groups of people you are likely to catch more. As long as they don't attack each other personally, or get into a heated emotional rage ball I don't see any problem with it. If they team up you will not get the same multiple points of view that you can compare/contrast that you get with two separate entities. Martenus great job, keep it up
Announcing my Departure from CLG and a Thank You
As of December 2017 I'm stepping down as CEO of Counter Logic Gaming. I made the decision early into the acquisition. Nick Allen is in charge of the company and has made major decisions since mid-September or so. The decision for me to leave is self-made. MSG didn't put any pressure on me, and offered me a future in the company.
There are reasons surrounding the acquisition that I've decided it's best for me to move on. I will decide over time if these are issues I want to publicly address and if it's of any benefit to do so. There are interesting challenges left to solve at CLG. I respect the people who will remain on the team to find those solutions. However, with the parent company's leadership I will not be one of them.
If it sounds crazy to leave CLG at the greatest time in esports, it probably is. Every day I get emails from people who would give anything to even volunteer in esports. I'd make more money and be more influential staying on this path. But happiness is a weird, irrational thing. It isn't satiated by societal success or fame. It's a deep introspective answer that's unique to every individual.
I find happiness in being a force for positive change in people's lives. Every day I come across people who want to be better than they were yesterday. People who aspire to develop themselves physically, mentally, and spiritually. My future is to inspire breakthroughs with people who want to take their lives to the next level. I have no idea how that looks. Maybe it's on a stage, a stream, a podcast, or in writing. I'm just certain that is where my passion is.
I wouldn't want to write something like this without noting the people who created my own breakthroughs. I'm a small part of CLG's success. I was part of a team of great people. These heroes rarely appear in our media and content. To all of you, the lifeblood of CLG, thank you for helping me grow as a person and making this company great. I hope I've been a small, positive part of your life for the time I've been here. I hope I've lived in service to you.
To the players past and present on CLG. You're some of my greatest teachers. Your dedication to excellence and victory at such a young age is astounding. I was inspired by your drive every day I worked at CLG. I will miss the late nights talking about self-improvement and gaming with you. Don't ever lose your hunger to take home the championship. This is your time, give it everything you've got.
Thank you to the die-hard supporters of CLG who believe in the org every step of the way. I made a lot of mistakes - leading a company is hard. I hope I did service to your vision of the organization and developed the legacy of your team. It was a great honor to have entrusted to me the story of this team that you have helped create.
To all my friends I've met along the way. Thanks for all the late night convention talks. You crazy people got me through the last two years. See you soon.
Thank you also to my personal supporters who stuck with me even when I couldn't stream or make videos because of long work days. There are no words I could put here to express my gratitude. The greatest gift I can offer is a lot more time to continue building our community over the next couple years.
I'm grateful that it's Nick Allen directing the vision of CLG forward. I have total confidence in Nick, and it's inspiring to meet an executive who is my better in so many areas. One of my only regrets in not staying with CLG is that I won't have more time to learn from him. It's comfortable to know that CLG's future is secure with a good, ethical person.
There's one special mention left for a lifelong friend and mentor. Working with George Georgallidis has been the most rewarding professional experience I've ever had. Their unfailing belief in me and wisdom completely changed my life. I'm a better person in every way for having known him. I can never understate their honor, ethics, and authenticity as a person. He's a rare soul in this world. I wish people could know this man for who they are and how much deeper they go past their public image. Whenever I didn't know the way, George lit the path for me. George, I hope I've done honor to the legacy you've built and your company in my time here. I'm in awe of you. I'm forever grateful to you for all you've done.
It is a great honor to be part of this team's legacy and story. I'll join you all in watching the players of CLG fulfill their dreams as I go fulfill my own. Thank you CLG for this once in a lifetime opportunity.
Reply · Report Post
The Player Profile series breaks down the 2012 performances of key players at each position in order to project where they should be drafted in 2013. Dig in, read up, and look ahead.
Matt Forte, RB, Chicago Bears
Matt Forte has been with the Chicago Bears for each of the five seasons that he's played in the NFL. During that time, the running back has missed a total of five games, four of which came in 2011 when they suffered a severe knee injury that eventually landed them on injured reserve.
In 2012, Forte finished the season with the 13th most fantasy points at their position. They ran the ball 248 times for 1,094 yards and scored five touchdowns while adding 44 receptions, 340 yards, and another touchdown through the air. That doesn't fall terribly far from the other fantasy finishes in their career (4th, 18th, 10th, and 16th) and seems to be a good indication of what fantasy owners can expect during any given season.
In general, Forte's yardage totals have been slightly padded by their consistent involvement in Chicago's passing game. Forte has had some trouble in the past with efficiency metrics, but more recently, their YPC has sat nicely between 4.41 and 4.91 (it was 4.41 in 2012). The main thing that has been missing from Forte's fantasy equation is touchdowns. The only year where they were able to reach double-digit touchdown totals was in 2008, which (believe it or not) was the same year they finished as the 4th best fantasy back.
In 2013, it seems as though Forte will stay true to form and give owners solid, upside RB2 numbers. However, there is a new wrinkle to this equation. The Bears have a new head coach, Marc Trestman, who is planning to implement their version of the West Coast Offense. I'm going to spare you a lecture on this offensive scheme, but if you're interested, check out its Wikipedia page. Overall, the focus of this offense will be to spread defenses thin by throwing a series of short passes over the middle of the field. Eventually, this will open up deeper throws.
When I was doing research on Trestman's scheme, my main concern was how it would affect Chicago's running game. This led me to a great article from Charles Kleinheksel over at Rotoviz.com. The article dives deep into the statistic projection of what Chicago's offense might be capable of in 2013. Kleinheksel projects that Forte will have a strong 2013 campaign, mostly due to a dramatic increase in receiving production. While I think we will see an uptick in Forte's receptions, I'm still not sure that it will be terribly significant.
At the end of the day, I still think Forte will give owners a season similar to those that we have seen in the past. I plugged them into Rotoviz's Running Back Similarity Scores tool and the results were mildly unsettling. A majority of the running backs that had similar seasons to Forte's 2012 campaign saw a decrease in production during their subsequent season. There is slight risk here, simply because we haven't seen Trestman's offense perform with the Bears' current roster.
Given that, I'm still looking to nab Forte as a high-end RB2 (especially in PPR formats). They should give owners a fine season, with the potential of posting RB1 numbers during any given week. Forte's ADP is currently at 2.03 on Fantasy Football Calculator and they will have great value if you're able to draft them after the 4th pick of the second round. In sum, target him, but don't break the bank.
Reggie Bush, RB, Detroit Lions
Mr. Bush has played seven seasons in the NFL, five of which they spent with the New Orleans Saints and the other two they spent in South Beach with the Miami Dolphins. Bush has been a polarizing figure in the fantasy football community, as they seem to alternate seasons of relevance and unimportance.
Bush finished last season with 14th most fantasy points among running backs. They totaled 986 yards and 6 touchdowns on 227 carries and also caught 35 passes for an additional 292 yards and 2 touchdowns. Since joining the Dolphins in 2010, Bush has managed to be relatively consistent. They have shown signs of fantasy greatness, but in 2012, their production was continually hampered by the presence of Daniel Thomas and a nagging injury.
With their recent move to Detroit, all indications are that Reggie will take over first-string duties in the Lions' backfield. This could mean fantastic things for this 8th year veteran. Bush has always had an affinity for catching passes out of the backfield, and it's no secret that Matthew Stafford chucks the ball all over the place. We cannot forget that where this is opportunity, there is usually fantasy production. The great thing about Bush in 2013 is that they should get plenty of work and they have the talent to make the most of what he's given.
I'm looking forward to seeing what Bush will do in 2013. Currently, their ADP is nestled at the end of the second round. In my opinion, that's a good spot to draft him. If you're able to grab Bush in the third round, as your third running back, they will be an even greater value.
I look for them to be another high-end RB2, although they could get enough opportunities to end the year as a RB1. In PPR formats, Bush should be a fantastic player to have on your roster. I think that 60-80 receptions is not a totally ridiculous prediction for him. Bush will be a solid pick as your second running back and could be an absolute slam dunk if you're able to grab them as the third back on your roster.
Shonn Greene, RB, Tennessee Titans
Shonn Greene has never been very popular among certain fantasy circles. He's a running back that does little with the carries that they receive. He's one of the few, the boring, the plodders. The only thing that has kept them semi-relevant in fantasy football was that they were playing for the “ground-and-pound” New York Jets.
In 2012, Greene finished the season with the 15th most points among running backs. While that's a suitable finish for an RB2, their cumulative stats were considerably skewed by their explosion against the Indianapolis Colts in week 6. That particular performance accounted for 21.7% of their total fantasy points in 2012. They accumulated 1,063 yards and eight touchdowns on 276 carries and their YPC was a paltry 3.85. They were hardly involved in the Jets passing game (was anyone?), so there isn't a boost in their value in PPR formats. Needless to say, Shonn is a very unexciting running back and usually an unsavory commodity in fantasy football.
They have been traded to the Tennessee Titans since the end of the 2012 season, and the signing news reached the general public in the middle of March. Soon after the announcement, there were a slew of conflicting analyses regarding Greene's potential role in 2013. Some writers have said that Greene could serve a role similar to the one LenDale White served during Chris Johnson's rookie season. Other writers have conjectured that Greene will have a very minimal role in the Titan's 2013 offense.
As reports will tell you, White served as a goal line and short yardage back in 2008. White ran for 789 total yards and 15 touchdowns on 200 carries. CJ2K had a strong 2008 performance as well; they ran 1,228 yards and nine scores on 251 carries.
Personally, I think it's a bit optimistic to think that Greene could replicate the numbers that LenDale White produced in 2008. He'll probably have a limited role as a third down and change-of-pace back for Tennessee this season. I think that approximately 600 yards and 3-5 touchdowns would be reasonable totals to expect from Greene in 2013.
Their current ADP is sitting at 13.04. The way I see it, there isn't a lot of upsides with Greene, although they could have a couple of (random) good weeks. The risk of drafting this running back is somewhat minimized due to their low ADP, but I would rather draft someone like Robert Turbin or Rueben Randle at that price. I won't berate you for drafting Greene in the 13th round (you could do worse), but if you do, keep your expectations low.
Harry Reid has been boasting that their Healthcare reform bill is irreversable in places. Once passed, there is language in there that stipulates that it cannot be reversed or repealed by future Congresses.
In the section titled “limitations on changes to this subsection,” the wording states:
“it shall not be in order in the senate or the house of representatives to consider any bill, resolution, amendment, or conference report that would repeal or otherwise change this subsection.”
Sorry, Harry, but at this point, you have crossed the line from writing legislation to attempting to sneak in a fundamental Congressional rule change. And if I'm not mistaken, you can't pass a bill that changes the rules governing yourselves unless you have a two-thirds majority… not merely the 60 votes you have. That's gonna take a lot more “Lousiana Purchases.” But hey, since you're arrogant enough to try to force healthcare down the throats of an American public (the majority of whom have made it abundantly clear they do NOT want this), I guess you figured you might as well slip in this gross attempt at hijacking the political system itself.
That dog just won't hunt.
Oh, you and your self-absorbed sycophants may get the automatic 60 votes to send it on to the President for signing in the wee hours of the morning (when no one in the Obamanation of an administration has to worry about transparency). But if there are any working brain cells in the Republican Party, this will only result in a challenge that will, in all likelihood, stretch to the Supreme Court.
You see, Senator, there is a document you and your comrades in the Senate seem to have forgotten about. It's called The Constitution of The United States of America. I'm sure you've heard about it. It's been in the news and everything. It's looks something like this:
In fact, if you care to read it sometime, you can see the original pretty easily. It's right there in Washington DC in the National Archives. Don't bother to bring your eraser, however. It doesn't work that way.
In short, what you have written into your legislation is a combination of Senate Rule Changes and changes in how The Constitution of the United States works. Again, that takes a 2/3rds majority of Congress. Any attempt to negate the Constitution in any manner is to break the oath of office you took and would officially reduce you to what the vast majority of us already know you to be: A traitor to your own country.
I doubt the Supreme Court of the United States would back you on this. That is, perhaps, unless the deciding vote is one cast by a “wise Latino woman.”
Gerry Ashley
Advertisements
Like this post? Share it! Email
Tweet
Related
SAN JOSE, Calif. – The San Jose Earthquakes announced today that the club has signed rookie goalkeeper Billy Knutsen. Per league and team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Knutsen, 21, was a fourth-round selection (No. 74 overall) of San Jose in the 2014 MLS SuperDraft. A two-year starter at goalkeeper for American University, they recorded 13 shutouts in 37 games between 2012 and 2013. They posted goals-against averages of 1.06 and 0.93 per game in 2013 and 2012, respectively. Knutsen also made eight appearances during their first two seasons at American, recording three shutouts in the process. A San Francisco native, they played high school soccer for St. Ignatius Prep.
Transaction: San Jose Earthquakes (MLS) – San Jose Earthquakes sign GK Billy Knutsen.
Billy Knutsen
Position: Goalkeeper
Jersey Number: 31
Height: 6-2
Weight: 185 lbs.
Born: May 5, 1992 in San Francisco, Calif.
Hometown: San Francisco, Calif.
College: American
Citizenship: USA
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton will be more effective for the energy industry in Saudi Arabia than in the United States because of donations the Saudis have made to the Clinton Foundation, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said at a rally in the US state of Maine.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — In May 2015, former US President Bill Clinton said the non-profit foundation previously accepted between $10 and $25 million from Saudi Arabia, but now only accepts donations from six western countries, namely Australia, Canada, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway and the UK.
© AFP 2018 / Clinton Leading Over Trump by 9 Percent - Poll
Clinton stepped down from the foundation board in April 2015, when they decided to run for US president.
"Saudi Arabia gives $25 million to the Clinton Foundation and you wonder… will they be good for the energy business?" Trump stated on Thursday. "Yeah, she's going to be good for the energy business of Saudi Arabia.
Trump continued that Clinton would make it impossible for the US energy industry to survive.
The Funniest Person in OKC
7 p.m. Wednesday, June 10 (Through July 11)
ACM@UCO Performance Lab | Oklahoma City
Everyone thinks they're funny, but the likelihood of coming across a Steve Martin protégée over a run-of-the-mill dad-joke-teller is pretty slim. If there's any place, though, where you're bound to discover your new favorite comic extraordinaire, it's clearly at OKC Comedy's first ever Funniest Person in OKC competition.
Spawned from a desire to get local comics in front of industry professionals, the contest spans six nights — beginning tonight and ending July 1 — and culminates in a bloody, to-the-death (I mean, you never know what could happen) final round on July 11. Local comics will have the pleasure of being judged by Samantha Pitchel (SXSW Comedy, Bonnaroo, Splitsider), Abigail Londer (RiOT LA Comedy Festival), and Samm Varela (Funny or Die, WTF with Marc Maron, Naked Comedy).
And this is no kindergarten soccer game, people. There will be no Participation Ribbons of Excellence or that kind of bullshit. Seventy people will lose, and only one person will go home with a trophy. Well, actually, one person will get $1,000, one person will get $500, and one will get $250. Ugh, logistics.
And, lucky for you, we vetted a few of the comics — plus an OKC Comedy co-founder — beforehand. Check out their witticisms below, and be sure to see them in person throughout the next couple of weeks.
Oxford Karma: So Oklahoma City is funny, huh? Tell me more.
Brad Porter, OKC Comedy Co-Founder: Over the last eight years, we've already seen an explosion of talent and opportunity in the comedy community. OKC is going to be a world-class comedy city because we are focused on bringing the best comedians in the world to OKC and creating opportunities for local comics to get good and get work. [In the competition], people are going to see everything from first-time comics to seasoned performers, some who've been doing comedy for a decade or more.
OK: When did you first realize you were funny?
Melissa McGinnis, Night Three – June 17: I first realized I was funny when I was a kid. When I actually talked to people, I would always make them laugh, and sometimes even intentionally. And people would tell me I was funny. Sometimes it's hard to tell why people are laughing at you, so it's good when they clarify.
OK: Which comedian has most influenced or inspired you?
James Nghiem, Night One – June 10: When I first started, I loved Mitch Hedberg. All their jokes seemed pretty light and clever. Lately, I've been more into comics who are talking about things that I think the world should be talking about. If I could somehow do that, but in a way that's light and silly, where people's brains don't shut off when I broach a topic, I think I will have accomplished something.
OK: Why should you be crowned The Funniest Person in OKC?
Ryan Drake, Night Three – June 17: If you ask any comic in the contest, they'll tell you that it's Zach Smith's to lose. And it is, because he's the best comic in OKC. But I guess if you really hated them for personal reasons, you could make a case for me.
OK: Tell me a joke.
Zach Smith, Night Four – June 24: I think it would be cool if two-Star Wars nerds got addicted to steroids. Then, when they went to buy them, they might be the wrong kind and they could say, “These aren't the roids we are looking for.”
The loneliest place I ever lived was the suburbs of Detroit.
I was 23 years old and stuck alone in the middle of nowhere with nothing to do. As a graduate student working independently on my own projects, all my time was unstructured. My program was too small to provide me a social life, and even worse, I was one of two homosexuals in the entire school. I tried to befriend locals but didn't fit in. I was lonely and bored.
Advertisement:
So I created for myself the illusion of community. I frequently did schoolwork at a coffee shop, because being near other people — even if they didn't talk to me — felt social. Realizing that months had passed since anyone had touched me, I purchased a massage. The reality was nothing like the hugs I missed, though. The masseur's touch was painful, and their need for constant validation that the process was “helping” compounded my discomfort.
Eventually, I turned to video games.
In college, Blizzard's "Diablo II" had been my favorite. In my dormitory's science and technology wing, achievement in the game had determined social status. Blizzard released "World of Warcraft" ("WoW") just as I was graduating. It popularized a new genre — Massive Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games (MMORPG) — that featured vastly greater social interaction among players. I sorely needed social interaction, so I decided to try it out.
In "WoW," I discovered a community of people with lives like mine. Although there were numerous 12-year-old boys who called everyone else “faggots,” most of the players were adults in boring places. Just like me. Disabled army vets confined to their homes. Middle-aged parents in small-town Wyoming. Unemployed Mormon twenty-somethings in Idaho.
For us losers, "WoW" was more than merely a pastime. It turned a predominantly unproductive existence into a righteous crusade. Together, we flew around the world(s), vanquished evil from faraway dungeons and recovered dazzling treasure. A new goal was accomplished every couple of hours, and each was a step on the long road to glory.
All the while, we chatted. I heard about the vet's kidney problems and several couples' children (who it seemed, judging by the amount of time I spent talking to their parents, received little attention). Seldom did anyone sign off to go to work, but players often took breaks to go to Arby's.
Advertisement:
It's important to divulge that I was arguably socializing under false pretenses. But that was natural. Each player was represented by an avatar — an animated stand-in — which almost always looked radically different from them or them It was a chance to try on a vision of self more fit and more fierce than the one in the mirror.
I played for the “Alliance,” which meant that my compatriots were night elves (blue skin), gnomes (teeny tiny), dwarves (short and stout) and worgens (werewolves). I was different from these humanoids, though. I was human.
Clearly, my humanity wasn't a false pretense. In this respect, I was more honest than most. My lie was more subtle. In real life, I was a fat and balding man, but my avatar was a beautiful, slender woman.
I never intended this distinction to be misleading. Some played out their fantasies as werewolves. Some as gnomes. I wanted to play out my fantasies, too; I wanted to wage war in drag.
Advertisement:
Others didn't see it that way, though. Because my character had the potential to represent truth, they presumed that it did.
Heterosexual men flirted with me, and I never bothered to correct them. In my mind, it wasn't a lie unless my words actively misled. I was pushing at the boundaries of gender. Or so I told myself.
It didn't matter until it mattered.
Advertisement:
I first met SaltySaber in a dark and dangerous swamp, where they answered my desperate cry for help and rescued me from a gaggle of ruthless ghosts. They slaughtered them effortlessly, with the efficiency and finesse of an experienced warrior. Then, they chivalrously presented me with the spoils.
From that moment on, we were inseparable. We quested together constantly, and they brought their friends along. They were all their church buddies in real life, and together we made a motley crew. Me, a gay secular Jew in Michigan. They and their friends, religious Mormons in Idaho.
They never talked about work; I believe they were unemployed. They hadn't gone to college, but they dreamed of attending training in Nevada to become a NASCAR driver. “It's not all that different from a video game,” he'd tell me.
Advertisement:
Aside from "WoW," we had only one thing in common. He'd been on a Mormon mission to Brazil, where he'd learned Portuguese. I spoke it too.
We'd converse in Portuguese frequently, but a tension would arise. I'd use masculine adjectives to refer to myself. Instead of the feminine “obrigada” (thank you), I'd say the masculine “obrigado.”
He'd correct me, and I'd be silent. To feminize my language would be to lie. But my silence was a lie of omission.
Soon, my femaleness became central to our relationship, and they grew even more thoughtful. He'd send me notes in "WoW's" mail system saying they were thinking of me. Once, I expressed my desire for a rare dragon pet, and the next day, it appeared in my mailbox. They must have spent hours slaying dragons and waiting for one to relinquish my gift.
Advertisement:
We'd position our avatars next to one another so that we appeared to hold hands. We'd lie down together and look at the “stars.” Salty's avatar was sexy: broad-shouldered and narrow-waisted with long hair, big arms and pale blue skin. In real life, they were more cute than sexy: a kind face with nice features, a compact build, black hair. In the picture they emailed, they were surrounded by male friends; Salty was the shortest of the bunch but the handsomest. I never sent them a picture of myself.
I wasn't great at "WoW," and I needed their help. They were at a higher level but always happy to redo missions he'd already completed just to aid me in accomplishing my goals.
I appreciated their assistance, but that's not why I kept them around. I enjoyed their company. They were caring and kind and always happy to “see” me. It made my lonely life brighter to know that someone somewhere desired my company, even if they knew only a prettier, magical version of me.
Our romance was a time bomb. One day, as we rode dragons across the plains, Salty expressed their feelings for me: “We're not allowed to have sex before marriage, but I have a feeling that if you were here in Idaho, I'd be bad.”
Advertisement:
I had a crisis of conscience. Suddenly, what had seemed fun, warm and innocent felt exploitative. I couldn't carry on my charade any longer.
The closeness they felt to me was real … sort of. I looked forward to fighting side by side every day and to sharing our lives over chat. But their sexual attraction to me was a product of my lying and of their lack of experience. How could they have carnal feelings for someone he'd never seen or met?
I blamed their simple understanding of gender. The fact of my femaleness seemed sufficient to elevate our friendship to romance. They interacted mostly with other heterosexual men, both in video games and elsewhere. My otherness was erotic. I had become an oasis of femininity in their sexual desert.
It wasn't entirely my fault, though. We were both culpable. I had set a trap for him, but he'd willfully stepped into it. He'd not been careful. He'd taken my word at face value. He'd trusted their reality to be obvious and uncomplicated. He'd trusted me. Perhaps that was their innocence. Perhaps that was their desperation.
Advertisement:
Still, it felt cruel. I was taking advantage of their naïveté for my own fulfillment. At some point, he'd find out and feel mortified.
My universe was much more complex: gender, sex and romance weren't locked together so rigidly. I was gay, but I had previously dated both men and women, monogamously and polyamorously. I tried to keep an open mind. Had I discovered that a male crush of mine was actually female, I might be surprised, but I wouldn't feel embarrassed. I'd ask myself genuinely whether I had the potential to be attracted to someone so unexpected.
But I knew they wouldn't see it that way. I suspected my revelation would cause them to question themselves and their own sexuality. That process would be constructive, but it wasn't my place to prescribe it for him.
It had to end. I canceled my account and stopped playing.
Advertisement:
I'm sure they sent me mail to which I never replied. I'm sure they wondered where I'd gone. I'm sure I hurt theirs feelings.
He'd made my days tolerable, and not having them there felt like sleeping without a pillow. After I quit "WoW," days would go by without my speaking (or typing) to anyone. I missed the intimacy we'd had, as guarded and fallacious as it might have been.
I also recognized, though, the limitations of our connection. The idea of them was appealing: a two-dimensional boy who treated me like a lady. I was just as flat to him: a girl with whom they could kill things.
An idea is not a real person, though. We never shared a bathroom. We never talked politics. We never had awkward sex. We never argued. If I grew tired of him, I signed off.
Advertisement:
The flatness made it easy and appealing, but it also made it fake. I missed him, and I felt bad. They didn't deserve to be hurt.
But we'd never really known one another anyway.
Photos by Rich Maxwell
UNION TWP . — What was first reported as a bush on fire at 6:50 last night, Saturday, Nov. 23, turned quickly turned into something much more serious.
The fire damaged or destroyed 15 condos in an 18-unit building at Union Hills condo complex on Sam Bonnell Drive.
Today, Sunday, Nov. 24, Mayor McBride of Union Township and Mayor Janice Kovach of Clinton have announced a clothing drive.
Donations of warm clothing are needed for men and women as well as small teenage girl clothing along with nonperishable food. It can be brought to the Union Township Municipal Building 140 Perryville Road after 1 p.m. today. Starting tomorrow, Monday, at 9 a.m. those items can be dropped off at the Clinton Holiday Inn.
More Hunterdon County news: NJ.com/hunterdon • Facebook • Twitter
MANILA, Philippines -- Filipino LGBT groups are seeking an audience with Pope Francis during their apostolic and state visit from Jan. 15 to 19.
In an open letter (see below) dated Jan. 7, representatives of GANDA Filipinas, The Red Whistle Campaign, GAYON-Albay, Pinoy FTM, CURLS-Cebu, SHINE-SOCCSKSARGEN, STRAP, Akbayan LGBT Collective, Task Force Pride, GALANG Philippines, TLF Share, Babaylanes Inc., and University of the Philippines Babaylan said they wanted to have a “constructive and meaningful dialogue” with the leader of the Catholic Church.
“(Y)ou are arriving at a moment of great challenges for the Filipino LGBT community. The widespread belief that we are accepted in the country conceals the deeply embedded stigma and discrimination that dehumanize our existence and our lives, exposing many of us to harm and danger,” they wrote.
The groups cited the murder of transwoman Jeffrey “Jennifer” Laude in Olongapo City in October last year, where they were apparently strangled, their body marked with cuts and wounds. United States Marine Joseph Scott Pemberton is now facing murder charges over Laude's death.
“Her story is a narrative familiar to many trans people who face physical abuse and hate crimes simply for identifying with the gender that they're born with. It is a story known to lesbians who encounter sexual assaults that are meant to correct their sexual orientation and sexual behaviors,” the groups said.
Letter to Pope Francis From Filipino LGBT Groups by Jonas Bagas
To read the full story, click HERE.
The Three Conjectures
A Pew poll finds 40% of Americans worry that an US city will be destroyed by a terrorist nuclear attack . James Lileks thinks the annihilation of a city is a dead certainty and will only mark the start of a long, wearying struggle against Islamists armed with nuclear car bombs.
The imminence of the threat is open to debate. Despite the perception that technological diffusion has put weapons of mass destruction within easy reach of Islamic terrorists -- the cliché of a mullah brewing anthrax in a cave -- terrorist weapons remain at the 1970s level. The Al-Qaeda attack on the September 11 was the most sophisticated terrorist assault in history. Yet it did not employ any new technological elements, just the creative use of old techniques like the airline hijacking. High explosives, small arms, and poison gas still comprise the terrorist arsenal.
The limiting factor is the lack of terrorist engineering resources to make sophisticated weaponry. The principles of ballistics, explosive chemistry and aeronautics needed to make combat aircraft are well known; but groups like Al Qaeda don't have the personnel, facilities and secure environment to turn the concepts into a working object and so have no combat aircraft. Making a uranium A-bomb of the simplest kind is comparable in complexity to manufacturing a Douglas DC-3, even given the fissile materials. But the SAFF (Safing, Arming, Fuzing, and Firing) issues alone pretty much ensure that it cannot be developed from a mullah's cave. US weapons are one point safe -- with less than a one in a million chance of detonating accidentally if their explosive primers were improperly activated. Unless the Islamists engineer similar precautions, their weapons would be unusable. The safety record of terrorist bomb factories and the history of prematurely detonating car bombs would see Islamabad vaporized before Manhattan. Analogous problems exist for biological weaponry. There are no Biosafety Level 4 facilities in tribal areas or tents in North Africa and an accidental plague that wiped out the population of the Middle East would hardly help the Islamist cause. Only a state in the near term -- Pakistan, Iran or North Korea -- will have the manufacturing resources and secure territory to make the weapon that Lileks and the Pew respondents fear.
Conjecture 1: Terrorism has lowered the nuclear threshold
These obstacles to terrorist capability are the sole reason that the War on Terror has not yet crossed the nuclear theshold, the point at which enemies fight each other with weapons of mass destruction. The terrorist intent to destroy the United States, at whatever cost to themselves, has been a given since September 11. Only their capability is in doubt. This is an inversion of the Cold War situation when the capability of the Soviet Union to destroy America was given but their intent to do so, in the face of certain retaliation, was doubtful. Early warning systems, from the DEW Line of the 1950s to the Defense Support Satellites were merely elaborate mechanisms to ascertain Soviet intent. That put the Cold War nuclear threshold rather high. Even the launch of a few multimegaton warheads at US targets or a nuclear exchange between forces at sea would not necessarily precipitate Central Nuclear War if American national command authority was convinced that the Soviet strike was accidental or could be met with a proportional response; in other words, without the intent to initiate an all out nuclear exchange, there would be none.
In stark contrast, the nuclear threshold against a terrorism may be crossed once they get the capability to attack with weapons of mass destruction. Unlike the old early warning systems, designed to gauge Soviet intent, the intelligence systems of the War on Terror are meant to measure capability. The relevant Cold War question was 'do they intend to use the Bomb?'. In the War on Terror, the relevant question is simply 'do they have the Bomb?' This puts the nuclear threshold very low. Just how low was empirically demonstrated in the days immediately following the September 11, when it was reported that the United States had considered -- and rejected -- a nuclear response to the World Trade Center attacks. The threshold had almost been crossed. However that may be, we now know from National Security Presidential Directive 17 that a terrorist WMD attack, including biologicals and chemicals, will go over the line:
"terrorist groups are seeking to acquire WMD with the stated purpose of killing large numbers of our people and those of friends and allies -- without compunction and without warning. ... The United States ... reserves the right to respond with overwhelming force -- including through resort to all of our options -- to the use of WMD against the United States, our forces abroad, and friends and allies."
Some reports have suggested that the US would preemptively use tactical nuclear weapons -- bunker busters -- to destroy terrorist WMDs. We're no longer in Kansas. In the halcyon days of the Cold War Soviet boomers would cruise the American coast with hundreds of nuclear weapons unmolested by the US Navy. Now a single Al Qaeda tramp freighter bound for New York carrying a uranium fission weapon would be ruthlessly attacked. The taboo which held back generations from mass murder has been mentally crossed by radical Islam and their hand gropes uncertainly for the dagger.
Conjecture 2: Attaining WMDs will destroy Islam
This fixity of malice was recognized in President Bush's West Point address in the summer of 2002, when they concluded that "deterrence -- the promise of massive retaliation against nations -- means nothing against shadowy terrorist networks with no nation or citizens to defend." The enemy was equally indifferent to inducement or threat. Neither making nice -- Jimmy Carter's withdrawal from Iran, Reagan's abandonment of Lebanon, Bush's defense of Saudi Arabia, Clinton's rescue of Albanian Muslims from Serbian genocide, the payment of billions in aid to Egypt and Pakistan -- nor the gravest of threats would alter the enemy's intent to utterly destroy and enslave America. Allah had condemned America. The Faithful only had to find the means to carry out the execution.
Because capability is the sole variable of interest in the war against terrorism, the greater the Islamic strike capability becomes, the stronger the response will be. An unrepeatable attack with a stolen WMD weapon would elicit a different response from one arising from a capability to strike on a sustained and repetitive basis. The riposte to an unrepeatable attack would be limited. However, suppose Pakistan or North Korea engineered a reliable plutonium weapon that could be built to one-point safety in any machine shop with a minimum of skill, giving Islamic terrorists the means to repeatedly attack America indefinitely. Under these circumstances, there would no incentive to retaliate proportionately. The WMD exchange would escalate uncontrollably until Islam was destroyed.
Consider a case where Islamic terrorists obliterate a city, causing five times the deaths at Hiroshima and an American limited response.
Iteration Non-Islamic Losses Islamic Losses 1 - 5 x 10 ^5 -2 x 10 ^6 Total - 5 x 10 ^5 -2 x 10 ^6
In a war between nations, the conflict might stop at this point. But since there is no one with whom to negotiate a peace and no inclination to stop anyhow, the Islamic terrorists will continue while they have the capability and the cycle of destruction continues.
Iteration Non-Islamic Losses Islamic Losses 1 - 5 x 10 ^5 -2 x 10 ^6 2 - 1 x 10 ^6 -5 x 10 ^6 3 - 5 x 10 ^6 -1.5 x 10 ^7 4 - 8 x 10 ^6 -3.0 x 10 ^7 5 - 1.5 x 10 ^7 -5.0 x 10 ^7 Total - 2.95 x 10 ^7 -10.2 x 10 ^7
At this point, a United States choked with corpses could still not negotiate an end to hostilities or deter further attacks. There would be no one to call on the Red Telephone, even to surrender to. In fact, there exists no competent Islamic authority, no supreme imam who could stop a jihad on behalf of the whole Muslim world. Even if the terror chiefs could somehow be contacted in this apocalyptic scenario and persuaded to bury the hatchet, the lack of command and control imposed by the cell structure would prevent them from reining in their minions. Due to the fixity of intent, attacks would continue for as long as capability remained. Under these circumstances, any American government would eventually be compelled by public desperation to finish the exchange by entering -1 x 10 ^9 in the final right hand column: total retaliatory extermination.
Iteration Non-Islamic Losses Islamic Losses 1 - 5 x 10 ^5 -2 x 10 ^6 2 - 1 x 10 ^6 -5 x 10 ^6 3 - 5 x 10 ^6 -1.5 x 10 ^7 4 - 8 x 10 ^6 -3.0 x 10 ^7 5 - 1.5 x 10 ^7 -5.0 x 10 ^7 6 0 -8.93 x 10 ^8 Total - 2.95 x 10 ^7 -1 x 10 ^9
The so-called strengths of Islamic terrorism: fanatical intent; lack of a centralized leadership; absence of a final authority and cellular structure guarantee uncontrollable escalation once the nuclear threshold is crossed. Therefore the 'rational' American response to the initiation of terrorist WMD attack would be all out retaliation from the outset.
Iteration Non-Islamic Losses Islamic Losses 1 - 5 x 10 ^5 -1 x 10 ^9 Total - 5 x 10 ^5 -1 x 10 ^9
James Lileks and the Pew respondents would not lose America; but like the boogeyman in Seven, Islam would take it's soul. The most startling result of this analysis is that a catastrophic outcome for Islam is guaranteed whether America retaliates or not. Even if the President decided to let all Americans die to expiate their historical guilt, why would Islamic terrorists stop after that? They would move on to Europe and Asia until finally China, Russia, Japan, India or Israel, none of them squeamish, wrote -1 x 10 ^9 in the final right hand column. They too would be prisoners of the same dynamic, and they too have weapons of mass destruction.
Even if Islam killed every non-Muslim on earth they would almost certainly continue to kill each other with their new-found weaponry. Revenge bombings between rival groups and wars between different Islamic factions are the recurring theme of history. Long before 3,000 New Yorkers died on September 11, Iraq and Iran killed 500,000 Muslims between them. The greatest threat to Muslims is radical Islam; and the greatest threat of all is a radical Islam armed with weapons of mass destruction.
Conjecture 3: The War on Terror is the 'Golden Hour' -- the final chance
It is supremely ironic that the survival of the Islamic world should hinge on an American victory in the War on Terror, the last chance to prevent that terrible day in which all the decisions will have already been made for us. That effort really consists of two separate aspects: a campaign to destroy the locus of militant Islam and prevent their acquisition of WMDs; and an attempt to awaken the world to the urgency of the threat. While American arms have proven irresistible, much of Europe, as well as moderates in the Islamic world, remain blind to the danger and indeed increase it. Prime Minister Mahathir Mohammad recently "told an international conference of young Muslim leaders ... (that) ... Muslims must acquire skills and technology so they can create modern weapons and strike fear into the hearts of our enemies". Fecklessness and gunpowder are a lethal combination. The terrible ifs accumulate.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware has an excellent reputation, and many consider it to be one of the best security solutions available on the market these days.
Part of the success comes from the fact that it is offered as a free and commercial version, and while the free version is limited somewhat -- it does not support real-time protection for instance -- it is often used as a second opinion scanner instead.
Today, the first public beta of Malwarebytes Anti-Malware 2.0 was made available, and boy does it introduce changes. The first thing that you will notice right away is that the interface has been changed completely.
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware 2.0 has a new interface, and while that is a good thing mostly, it is a bit irritating that some of the buttons -- scan now for instance -- look very similar to ads that you come across on the Internet.
Those are not advertisements on the other hand, rest assured.
The new interface displays the most important information right on the front page. It tells you if your system is protected, if the database is up to date or outdated, what type of license you have, and whether real-time protection is enabled or not.
You can run a scan right from the window, or click on the scan button at the top instead. What you will notice is that Malwarebytes Anti-Rootkit has been integrated into the scanner. It is not enabled by default though, so if you want the program to scan for rootkits as well, select Settings > Detection and Protection, and enable scan for rootkits there.
Another tool that has been integrated into the new version of Anti-Malware is Chameleon Driver. It is only available as part of the premium version, and needs to be enabled under Advanced Settings. It has been designed to provide self-protection for the program.
The Malicious Website Protection has been improved as well for client systems running Vista SP2 or newer. It offers better performance, options to exclude processes, IP addresses and individual urls.
Improvements have also been made to the program's detection and removal technology, including native 64-bit scanning, detection and malware removal.
There have been changes to the business side of things as well. The major change here is a switch from a one-time payment model to a subscription model. The program will be offered for $24.95 per year when it launches, instead of a lifetime license that you get for the same amount currently.
The company will honor all lifetime licenses. Considering that you can still get one, now may be the time to purchase a license of Anti-Malware Pro to avoid the yearly subscription costs.
The new subscription model allows customers to use the software on up to three PCs, which is an improvement over the 1 PC use of the old.
You can try the new Anti-Malware 2.0 right now. Download and a test license key are offered on the official forum.
Closing Words
The improvements and changes that have been announced improve the software further. The move to a subscription model on the other hand may not be appreciated by all users of the software.
The free version has not been mentioned in the announcement. It is however likely that it continues to exist.
Advertisement
A Bernie Sanders delegate interviewed a man who reluctantly admitted to being a seat filler at the DNC!
Speculation has been going wild the DNC has been using seat fillers ever since Bernie delegates staged a massive walk out, but this is the first evidence suggesting this is actually the case.
WATCH:
Here's another Bernie delegate saying they strongly believe the DNC is using seat fillers:
Here's video from RT's Josh Fox showing how tons of seats were empty on Tuesday after hundreds of Bernie delegates walked out:
"I can't believe my eyes," Fox says in the video. "I've never seen anything like this. This is the primetime of the Democratic National Convention right after the nomination of Hillary Clinton and this place is emptied out like crazy. I'm stunned."
An ad on the Philadelphia Craigslist archived here shows a listing titled: "Actors Needed For National Convention."
"Looking for 700 people to be utilized as actors during the National Convention," it says.
"We currently have a number of empty seats that will need to be filled as we are currently removing a number of people and need to refill their seats for the remainder of the conference."
"You will be paid $50.00 each night for the remainder of the convention. You will be required to cheer at all times and will be asked to dress properly and possibly wear some promotional material."
Follow InformationLiberation on Twitter and Facebook.
Whitehouse.gov live stream/Screenshot by CNET
President Obama has called for an end to the NSA's bulk collection of the phone records of American citizens.
In a statement released on Thursday, the president outlined a new plan that would see the phone companies hold onto the records of their customers. The National Security Agency and other government agencies would then require a court order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) to access specific records.
Under the new proposal, the program would adopt the following measures:
The government will not collect these telephone records in bulk; rather, the records would remain at the telephone companies for the length of time they currently do today.
Absent an emergency situation, the government would obtain the records only pursuant to individual orders from the FISC approving the use of specific numbers for such queries, if a judge agrees based on national security concerns.
The records provided to the government in response to queries would only be within two hops of the selection term being used, and the government's handling of any records it acquires will be governed by minimization procedures approved by the FISC.
The court-approved numbers could be used to query the data over a limited period of time without returning to the FISC for approval, and the production of records would be ongoing and prospective.
The companies would be compelled by court order to provide technical assistance to ensure that the records can be queried and that results are transmitted to the government in a usable format and in a timely manner.
Obama's proposal would end the Patriot Act's Section 215 bulk telephony metadata program. Details of that program and other NSA surveillance activities came to light after former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked a series of confidential documents. The resulting outcry among American citizens, privacy advocates, and many politicians in both parties forced Obama to direct the intelligence community and the Attorney General to come up with other options.
The next step is up to Congress, which must pass legislation for the new proposal to go into effect. That legislation certainly won't be in place by March 28, the date which the current data collection program is due to be reauthorized. As such, Obama has asked the Justice Department for a 90-day reauthorization of the existing program but with the following modifications proposed in January:
"Absent an emergency situation, the government can query the telephony metadata collected pursuant to the program only after a judge approves the use of specific numbers for such queries based on national security concerns; and the results of any query are limited to metadata within two hops of the selection term being used, instead of three."
Obama's full proposal is described in the statement below (which is followed here by comment from the American Civil Liberties Union):
"Earlier this year in a speech at the Department of Justice, I announced a transition that would end the Section 215 bulk telephony metadata program as it previously existed and that we would establish a mechanism to preserve the capabilities we need without the government holding this bulk metadata. I did so to give the public greater confidence that their privacy is appropriately protected, while maintaining the tools our intelligence and law enforcement agencies need to keep us safe.
In that January 17 speech, I ordered that a transition away from the prior program would proceed in two steps. In addition to directing immediate changes to the program, I also directed the Intelligence Community and the Attorney General to use this transition period to develop options for a new approach to match the capabilities and fill gaps that the Section 215 program was designed to address without the government holding this metadata. I instructed them to report back to me with options for alternative approaches before the program comes up for reauthorization on March 28th. As part of this process, we consulted with the Congress, the private sector, and privacy and civil liberties groups, and developed a number of alternative approaches.
Having carefully considered the available options, I have decided that the best path forward is that the government should not collect or hold this data in bulk. Instead, the data should remain at the telephone companies for the length of time it currently does today. The government would obtain the data pursuant to individual orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) approving the use of specific numbers for such queries, if a judge agrees based on national security concerns. Legislation will be needed to permit the government to obtain this information with the speed and in the manner that will be required to make this approach workable.
I believe this approach will best ensure that we have the information we need to meet our intelligence needs while enhancing public confidence in the manner in which the information is collected and held. My team has been in touch with key Congressional leadership -- including from the Judiciary and Intelligence Committees -- and we are committed to working with them to see legislation passed as soon as possible. Given that this legislation will not be in place by March 28 and given the importance of maintaining this capability, I have directed the Department of Justice to seek a 90-day reauthorization of the existing program including the modifications I directed in January. I am confident that this approach can provide our intelligence and law enforcement professionals the information they need to keep us safe while addressing the legitimate privacy concerns that have been raised."
ACLU Director Anthony D. Romero issued a statement later Thursday in reaction to Obama's move.
"The president's plan is a major step in the right direction and a victory for privacy," Romero said. "But this must be the beginning of surveillance reform, not the end. It is gratifying to know that the president has heard the growing bipartisan opposition to the NSA'S mass collection of phone records, and will heed the advice of their own review panel. However, today's announcement leaves in place other surveillance programs with equally troubling implications for civil liberties. Comprehensive reform should begin with passage of the USA Freedom Act, a bill that safeguards privacy while also ensuring that the government has the tools it needs to investigate real threats. We must restore the proper balance between security and our constitutional rights."
Update, 10:41 a.m. PT: Adds reaction from the ACLU.
Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The dastardly Daleks will be invading Buckingham Palace next week at a reception to mark the 50th anniversary of Doctor Who.
Doctors past and present will join the Countess of Wessex at the Queen's London home for a special celebration of the BBC's long-running hit science fiction show.
The Time Lord's TARDIS will also journey to the royal residence, alongside other props such as costumes worn by the Doctors and a Dalek, the Doctor's arch enemy.
The BBC's Director General Lord Hall will join former Doctors' assistants, programme writers and members of the production team in the Bow Room of the Palace for the reception on Monday 18 November.
The series celebrates its 50th birthday later this month with TV drama An Adventure In Space And Time, followed by an anniversary episode on November 23 called The Day of the Doctor with the current Doctor, Matt Smith, as well as their predecessor David Tennant.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Naturally, the 50th anniversary episode will pay homage to the show's history. From more recent times, Tenth Doctor David Tennant and their companion Billie Piper will return alongside departing Eleventh Doctor Matt Smith.
Smith's stint as the Time Lord ends this year when they will be replaced by Peter Capaldi.
The Countess will also meet young competition winners from two schools in South Wales where scenes from the 50th episode were filmed. The children will show Sophie their winning drawings of "The Queen's TARDIS".
Doctor Who holds the Guinness World Record for the longest running science fiction series in the world. It began on 23 November 1963, starring William Hartnell as the Doctor and there have been 11 Doctors to date.
Alan Lawrence is a web designer, photographer and father of five living in Utah.
Their youngest child, Wil, was born with Down's Syndrome in October 2013. “It was a shock and a surprise to our family,” Lawrence said.
“We knew very little about Down's Syndrome. We don't know anybody who has Down's Syndrome … so we weren't quite sure what to expect.”
Eighteen months on, and the family do know what it's like to have a child with Down's Syndrome - and they've made it their mission to spread awareness about the condition.
One way of doing that is through a series of photos Alan has taken which show Wil 'flying'. As they put it:
These photos are our way of illustrating the excitement and joy Wil has brought to our lives and also the fact that people with Down's Syndrome can do anything they set their minds to.
Alan takes the photos while holding their son in the air and then edits themselves out.
We realise Wil is still young, but we know that even though they have Down's Syndrome it doesn't mean they are limited, they will be able to do anything they put their mind to.
Bad news for Santa's sleigh: Reindeer are getting smaller. As temperatures inch up, winters are getting warmer in Norway, where Svalbard reindeer (Rangifer tarandus platyrhynchus) live. Instead of being able to brush aside the snow that covers the grasses, lichens, and mosses they eat during the 8-month-long chill, the animals' diet is locked away under a layer of ice when warming temperatures cause rain to fall on existing snow cover, freezing it solid. To see exactly how these conditions affect the reindeer, a team of researchers captured and weighed 135 of the animals on average every year in April from 1994 to 2015. Platyrhynchus body mass decreased by 12% over this period—from 55 kilograms to 48, the team will report tomorrow at the British Ecological Society annual meeting in Liverpool, in an expansion of a Global Change Biology paper published earlier this year. Though the numbers don't seem extreme, reindeer size has reached a critical point: Female reindeer below 50 kilograms give birth to smaller calves and even terminate their fetuses to save themselves if too little food is available. When these smaller calves begin to reproduce at about 3 years of age, they produce smaller calves themselves. Researchers think this cycle has caused populations to become smaller and lighter. The scientists say there's a possibility that an even warmer climate could make winters so short, the ice layer could melt altogether and expose plants, allowing reindeer to increase in size by producing larger, heavier young over a handful of generations. But for now, the shrunken Svalbard reindeer are sure to be picked last during reindeer games.
Several UA administrators are working with city and county officials on a proposal to build two new university buildings in downtown Tucson.
The proposal would expand the university's downtown presence by incorporating UA-related programs into an office tower, and by relocating two expansive art collections into a new museum.
The UA portion of the proposal would cost between $80-160 million, said County Administrator Chuck Huckelberry. The Pima County Bond Advisory Committee will vote on the proposal next fall.
The proposed office tower would be a 220,000-square-foot, 10-story building that would be used for multiple purposes including retail services and county functions, according to George Humphrey, the interim assistant vice president for university communications.
About a third of the building would be used for UA-related purposes, including academic space as well as office space to “support start-up business ventures advanced by the UA McGuire Center for Entrepreneurship,” Humphrey said.
According to Huckelberry, the increased business opportunities would also boost the downtown economy not only by attracting students and entrepreneurs, but by bringing back businesses and commerce that have been decentralized over the last 40 years.
Also proposed is the construction of a 125,000-square-foot museum to showcase UA's extensive photography and art collections.
Although a specific site has not yet been selected, Vice President of Business Affairs Bob Smith said relocating the museum downtown will not only increase the number of visitors, but also add to the “cultural enrichment of the area.”
The museum currently houses more than 6,000 pieces, valued at more than $500 million, including rare art from Europe and the United States, according to Humphrey.
The collection, along with artwork from the Center for Creative Photography, including works by renowned photographers Ansel Adams and Edward Weston, would be combined under one roof according to the proposal.
Currently, these facilities are undersized and underutilized by the community, Smith said.
“We desperately need a new building,” said Lauren Rabb, a curator at the UA Museum of Art. Along with being old, Rabb said the building's lack of space means that only a small percentage of the collection can be shown at one time.
Both projects are still in the early planning phase and Huckelberry noted that both the office space and the museum could end up being combined into one building.
The planners are using ASU's downtown Phoenix campus as a model for their proposal. Established in 2006, the campus cost over $200 million and was paid for by the city of Phoenix through a bond bill.
The final vote by the Bond Advisory Committee to approve the proposals for Tucson's project will take place in November 2014.
“These two ideas of potential business center, academic program and museum complex all contribute to the urban development that would help to make the city a place where our UA graduates and other young professionals would want to live,” Smith said.
If approved, the projects would add to a long list of developments enacted by the city to help revitalize the downtown area.
“I know the community has long struggled to turn downtown into a real destination,” Humphrey said. “If some of these plans come to fruition, downtown Tucson's going to be a pretty amazing place.”
Revelation 12 Sign Begins on the Very Day Year of Mercy Ends
“Speak to the world about My mercy … It is a sign for the end times. After it will come the Day of Justice. While there is still time, let them have recourse to the fountain of My mercy.” (Diary of St. Faustina, 848)
The following is from a brilliant article by Patrick Archbold. You can read the whole thing at the Remnant HERE.
[Editorial Note: In the following article, I intend to present a series of facts and observations from which I draw no definitive conclusion. Yet, these facts and observations are of such a nature, for no other reason than their observation and reporting, that lend themselves to misinterpretation. So let me be clear, in the following article, I predict nothing. I am offering my observations on some upcoming phenomena, both heavenly and human-made, potentially of great import, that people might find interesting and of which people should be aware.]
“And a great sign appeared in heaven: A woman clothed with the sun, and the moon under their feet, and on their head a crown of twelve stars: And being with child, they cried travailing in birth, and was in pain to be delivered.” Revelations 12
The author of Revelation clearly indicates that this vision is one of a sign in heaven or in the sky. What do we see in the sky of the near future?
On November 20, 2016, an astronomical event begins that will last nine and a half months, culminating in startling concurrence with the vision of Revelation 12. While I am not an astronomer, all my research indicates that this astronomical event, in all its particulars, is unique in the history of man.
On November 20, 2016, Jupiter (the King planet) enters into the body (womb) of the constellation Virgo (the virgin). Jupiter, due its retrograde motion, will spend the next 9 ½ months within the womb of Virgo. This length of time corresponds with gestation period of a normal late-term baby.
After 9 ½ months, Jupiter exits out of the womb of Virgo. Upon Jupiter's exit (birth), on September 23, 2017, we see the constellation Virgo with the sun rise directly behind it (the woman clothed with the sun). At the feet of Virgo, we find the moon. And upon their head we find a crown of twelve stars, formed by the usual nine stars of the constellation Leo with the addition of the planets Mercury, Venus, and Mars.
That is a truly remarkable and, as far as I can determine, unique series of event with a startling degree of concurrence with the vision of Revelation 12.
So what does it mean, if anything? The obvious and truthful answer is that we simply do not know. That said, we are not entirely without possible context.
It just so happens that these events transpire during the 100th anniversary of the apparitions of “the woman clothed in the sun,” Our Lady at Fatima in 1917. The culmination of these astronomical events occurs just 3 weeks before the 100th anniversary of the great miracle of Fatima, in which the sun “danced” (another heavenly sign), an event that was witnessed by many thousands.
In the almost century that has followed that great event, we have seen Our Lady's warnings come true with startling precision. People did not cease offending God and we have seen terrible wars, nations annihilated, and Russia spread their errors throughout the world and, if we are honest, even into the Church itself. And yet, we still await the fulfillment of their promises, the triumph of Them Immaculate Heart, and a period of peace to be granted to the world.
But what you may not know is that within the Fatima story itself, there are indications that a 100-year period might be significant. In August 1931, Sister Lucy was staying with a friend at Rianjo, Spain. There, Our Lord appeared to Sr. Lucy and They complained the requests of Their mother had not been heeded saying, “Make it known to My ministers, given that they follow the example of the King of France in delaying the execution of My command, they will follow them into misfortune. It is never too late to have recourse to Jesus and Mary.”
And again in another text, Sr. Lucy quoted Our Lord as saying, “They did not wish to heed My request! … Like the King of France, they will repent of it, and they will do it, but it will be late. Russia will have already spread its errors in the world, provoking wars and persecutions against the Church. The Holy Father will have much to suffer.”
Those references to the King of France are very interesting for our discussion as this is an explicit reference to the requests of the Sacred Heart given through Saint Margaret Mary Alacoque on June 17, 1689 to the King of France. King Louis XIV and their successors failed to heed Our Lord's request to publicly consecrate France to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. As a result, on June 17, 1789, one hundred years to the day after the request, the National Assembly of the French Revolution rose up and declared itself the government of France and stripped the king of their power. Later, the king lost their head to the revolution.
Now it is not possible to know the relevance of this 100-year allusion or to know if and when the clock may have started ticking, but it is certainly interesting and relevant in this context.
And of course, many are familiar with the vision of Pope Leo XIII in which they allegedly heard Satan granted one hundred years to try and destroy the Church. Immediately after this vision, Pope Leo XIII composed the prayer to St. Michael pleading with the Archangel to defend us in battle and be our defense against the wickedness and snares of the Devil. Pope Leo XIII then added the Leonine prayers to the end of the mass, later suppressed during Vatican II.
As we live through these tumultuous times in the Church, in which the very foundations of faith, even the very words and commands of Our Savior are diminished and ignored, it is impossible not to recall Pope Leo's vision.
… I must also note that the date the astronomical event begins, November 20, 2016, is the very day that Pope Francis' declared “Year of Mercy” comes to an end. The very same day is the Feast of Christ the King.
In conclusion, I must stress that I make no specific claim of the significance, if any, of the astronomical event I described. Further, I make no claim to know the future or of any forthcoming events relating to the fulfillment of the promises of Fatima. I only relate this to you now as I find myself in a similar situation as those Magi 2,000 years ago. I look to the sky and say, “Alright Lord, you have my attention.”
Read the entire article at the Remnant HERE
June 17, 2011 | Robert Puro
What began for Darrell Frey as a desire to homestead and learn basic self-reliance skills evolved into a passion for applying environmental science to design ecologically based farms and gardens. Drawing inspiration from the writings of Bill Mollison, the so called ‘father of permaculture,' and the innovative farming techniques and bioshelter building strategies developed by the New Alchemy Institute in Massachusetts, Frey launched their farming operation, Three Sisters Farm in 1988 on five acres of land in Sandy Lake, PA to promote permaculture. At the center of their operation sits a unique bioshelter that employs permaculture design and utilizes sustainable agriculture methods, technologies and practices.
The word permaculture is a contraction of “permanent agriculture” and “permanent culture.” Frey defines permaculture design as a “system of ecological land use planning that incorporates sustainable energy, sustainable technologies, environmental design and an ethic of caring for the earth.” Elements in a system are viewed in relationship to other elements, where the outputs of one element become the inputs of another.
Bioshelters are solar greenhouses that employ ecological design systems indoors. The term ‘bioshelter' was coined by the New Alchemy Institute to differentiate its work in greenhouse management and design from industrial monoculture greenhouses that rely extensively on petrochemical inputs.
The bioshelter at Three Sisters Farm is harvested year-round and consists of approximately 3000 square feet of garden beds and cold frames. Permaculture design and sustainable agriculture practices and methods abound in the bioshelter. “We lay out all our beds on contour so the irrigation is more efficient,” said Frey. “We have our compost piles, we have our drainage swales that drain from the compost and the heavy rain fertilizes some of our berries and our fruit trees.”
Frey and their team do not use any power tools at all within the bioshelter. “It is all hand tilled with trowels, and sometimes we loosen soil with a digging fork,” said Frey.
The facility contains a chicken coop, potting room, packing shed and a storage room. It draws it heat from sun and firewood, and recovers C0 2 from the indoor compost chambers and from the chickens in the coop. The bioshelter also functions as a seed propagation area that acts as the source for all the plants grown in the 5-acre outdoor garden. All of the flowers, herbs and vegetables grown in the bioshelter during the winter months are transferred to the farm's outdoor gardens in early spring.
Three Sisters Farm grows fig trees, bay leaves, herbs such as rosemary, thyme and sage, perennials, and a salad mix, which it sells to local chefs and subscribers. “The main purpose of it (the bioshelter) is for summer when we grow our salad mix that flea beetles will destroy outside like arugula, mizuna and mustard,” said Frey.
Scaling Permaculture Design
While challenging, Frey does believe that it is possible to scale permaculture to feed large numbers of people sustainably. “A permaculture farm doesn't define what a farm will look like as much as the tools and processes you use to plant it and manage it,” they said. Frey points to Wes Jackson's efforts to develop perennial systems that mimic a prairie and allow for the harvest of multiple types of grains as one possible solution. Frey, however, said: “If you want to grow a thousand acres of grain you're getting a little out of the scale.”
Challenges to Running a Permaculture Operation
“The challenges always for farming is the disparity between the value of produce and the cost of producing it,” said Frey. “You have to be innovative and figure out value added processes and specialty crops just to make it pay.” Frey said that Three Sisters Farm primarily relies on its salad mix to generate revenue.
Frey said the farm has been in business for 22 years, and that for 15 of those years it has paid its own bills and provided a healthy family income. Frey explains the seven year gap as a period where production dropped as a result of their decision to focus more time on developing permaculture education initiatives and programs, growing their permaculture consulting business, and writing their book, Bioshelter Market Garden: A Permaculture Farm.
“The farm doesn't really fund ongoing development expansion,” said Frey. “That's funded by my classes and consulting work. That was more of a choice to change my focus. There's still a huge demand for our crops.”
Growing the Field of Permaculture
“I built this farm so that I could promote permaculture education and to further the field,” said Frey. Their promotion of permaculture education extends to running off-farm workshops, hosting apprentices on the farm who learn firsthand about market gardening and permaculture design, taking on permaculture interns, and running a two-week permaculture certification program focused on research and design.
Frey is currently working to build additional cabins for interns to stay in while at Three Sisters Farm. Their hope is to develop an active ecovillage, or training center, for permaculture design at Three Sisters Farm.
With what Frey has accomplished to date, they appear well on their way to insuring that permaculture design practices will spread and play a role in furthering the goals of sustainable agriculture.
BRITAIN's public services present a conundrum. Internationally, they score highly on efficiency measures. Yet some important outcomes in health and education often lag behind other developed countries. In other words, Britain's Leviathan provides major services at scale and rather cheaply, but struggles to attain reliably high standards and to match the improvement rate of fast-growing economies in Asia and eastern Europe.
Now a new “Efficiency Index” of education, compublished by the GEMS Education Solutions http://www.edefficiencyindex.com, involving British and Spanish university researchers, attempts to merge data about efficiency and effectiveness and test which countries are best at combining the two. Overall, the winners and losers are not so different to the conclusions of other major studies, like the OECD's PISA tests and the TIMMS and PIRLS numeracy and literacy check-ups.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
But the GEMS research adds a useful value-for-money perspective. The study ranks Britain 11th in the efficiency of its education system, higher than France or Germany (largely because these countries spend excessively on teacher salaries or allow them to a light teaching load). Unsurprisingly, Finland, Japan and South Korea, all regular stars PISA stars, scored highest for both efficiency and effectiveness (some Asian tigers such as Singapore were not included in the GEMS Index; nor was China.)
The most challenging reading for education ministers and the Treasury is the suggestion from comparative data that a similar level of results in Britain could have been achieved even if the pupil-teacher ratio were to rise, or if teacher salaries were to be reduced. Britain thus figures in a group of countries tagged “More efficient than effective”—those that have a good record on efficiency when it comes to using resources sensibly, but get mediocre results. In the same category are other mid-rank performers, including America, Sweden and France. Some countries in this category have more excuses than others. Hungary, Israel and the Czech Republic, for example, all have very low teacher salaries (Hungary decreased its salaries as an austerity measure to just under $15,000 (£9,000) after 2008). But Britain does not pay teachers at all badly. The average salary of $41,000 (£25.000) puts it ahead of other good performers on efficiency in the rich world, such as Norway, with an average teacher salary of $33,570 (just over £20,000).
And yet attainment levels remain depressing. British schools have had lacklustre results in the last two rounds of the OECD's PISA tests. They were ranked 25th for reading, 28th for maths and 16th for science in 2008. By 2012 Britain remained among the average, middle-ranking countries, in 23rd place for reading, 28th for maths and slipping in science to 21st.
If class sizes compare favourably with other countries and teachers are relatively well paid, something else must be amiss. Countries that rank well on efficiency but not effectiveness should worry that investment in their education systems and sound management of resources is still not catapulting them into the super-league of global performers. The conclusion should not merely be a race to maximise efficiency—Britain could raise its ranking here simply by cutting teacher wages by around 10%, but that is hardly likely. Instead, it needs to work out more rigorously what teachers should be doing differently, apply the best practice more consistently and allow poorly performing schools to be taken over by better ones. The statistical deluge is enlightening. But the factor most likely to make a difference to outcomes is what happens at the chalk face.
Advertisement
A couple decided to follow their dreams of quitting the rat race to sail round the world - despite having never lived on a boat before and having limited nautical experience.
Charlie Smith, 29, and their fiancé, who goes by the name, Captain, 34, made the choice to sell their house and put their wedding plans on hold to embark on a new life in May this year.
Leaving behind everything they knew, the thrillseeking couple departed their home in Jersey, Channel Islands and so far have sailed their way round the west of the Mediterranean, France, Spain, Italy, Elba, Corsica, Sardinia and the Balearic Islands.
A couple decided to follow their dreams of quitting the rat race to sail round the world - despite never living on a boat before and having limited nautical experience
Charlie Smith, 29, and their fiancé, who goes by the name, Captain, 34, made the choice to sell their house and put their wedding plans on hold to embark on a new life in May this year
For Captain their favourite part of their life is arriving in a new port and the the sense of adventure and exploration which awaits as you pull in
Charlie previously worked an ITV Regional Weather presenter and model, but the lure of the high seas proved too strong for the adventurous couple
From the mesmerising blue Maddalena Islands in Sardinia to the imposing Calanques in France the explorers have experienced some of the most beautiful nautical locations in Europe.
Typical days for the engaged sailors include sunbathing in hammocks, reading books, listening to music, coming ashore to explore new towns and get fresh fruit, paddleboarding and snorkelling.
'The kitchen is always to hand to whip up a meal and the fridge keeps the drinks cool!' Charlie told MailOnline Travel.
'We can sit in the cockpit for hours, discussing all manner of things.'
Before their trip Captain worked as an architectural designer, and along with New Zealand-born Charlie flipped residential properties around the world.
Charlie previously worked an ITV Regional Weather presenter and model, but the lure of the high seas proved too strong for the adventurous couple.
'We had been pondering further travel for years,' Charlie said.
'After years living on building sites the prospect of lugging backpacks around the world sleeping in hostels didn't seem like the break we wanted.
'The sailing idea was a way to travel but take our ‘nest' with us.'
Before their trip Captain worked as an architectural designer, and along with New Zealand-born Charlie flipped residential properties around the world
Typical days for the engaged sailors include sunbathing in hammocks, reading books, listening to music, coming ashore to explore new towns and get fresh fruit, paddleboarding and snorkelling
Their minimalistic lifestyle allows them to travel on a small budget as anchoring is free of charge and as their boat is less than 39 feet long marina fees are kept low
Despite having limited experience sailing, the pair set their heart on a seafaring life and took every RYA skipper, sea survival and first aid course to prepare
They sold their house to buy their new floating home, a 38.5ft Dufour sailing boat named Silver Paws
Despite having limited experience sailing, the pair set their heart on a seafaring life and took every RYA skipper, sea survival and first aid course to prepare.
They sold their house to buy their new floating home, a 38.5ft Dufour sailing boat named Silver Paws, and instead of signing straight back onto a new mortgage handed in their notices and left their jobs.
'It was a risk, we've met a few people who have an opinion about taking a career break at this stage of our lives,' Charlie said.
'So many people wait until retirement to go cruising. The way we see it; There is little reward without a little risk.
Captain and Charlie, who met through mutual friends in 2010, are still living off the money raised from decluttering and selling all the possessions they didn't need from their house.
'We got engaged in 2013 but so far wedding plans have been put on hold as we spent the wedding budget on a boat!' Charlie admitted.
Their minimalistic lifestyle allows them to travel on a small budget as anchoring is free of charge and as their boat is less than 39 feet long marina fees are kept low.
Instead of signing straight back onto a new mortgage after selling their home they handed in their notices and left their jobs
Charlie said that so many people wait until retirement to go cruising. The way they see it is there is little reward without a little risk.
Captain and Charlie, who met through mutual friends in 2010, are still living off the money raised from decluttering and selling all the possessions they didn't need from their house
People have told the couple what they are doing is a risk and they have met a few people who have an opinion about taking a career break at this stage of their lives
From the mesmerising blue Maddalena Islands in Sardinia to the imposing Calanques in France the explorers have experienced some of the most beautiful oceanic locations in Europe
Friends have flocked to experience their new exotic life on the ocean and learn about how to sail their vessel.
'Guests can learn as little or as much about sailing as they want to, paddle boards and hammocks are available whenever they want and siestas are positively encouraged!' Charlie said.
'We are all about play here; sunshine, nourishment, gratitude and jumping off everything we can find into the sea!'
Although it sounds like an idyllic existence luxuries many take for granted are missed by the couple.
'We were told most marinas have wifi, which they do but it doesn't work the majority of the time,' Charlie said.
'This makes weather forecasting and updating our blog a bit niggly. We knew the weather was never going to be a cinch, but with a few years as a forecaster for ITV Regional behind me we had a head start.
'We buy a pay-as -you-go sim card in each country with internet access to make certain we can readily get weather information.
'Another aspect I underestimated was 'keeping house' chores such as laundry and food shopping take hours longer than at home, at home the washing machine was downstairs, I knew where the eggs were in the supermarket and where the supermarket was and had a car to get the shopping home.
'With cruising it's all a time eating mystery.'
Friends and family have flocked to experience their new exotic life on the ocean and learn about how to sail their vessel
Although Charlie and Captain are desperate to see as much of the world as possible, they are in no hurry to rush the experience
After the pair sold their house and bought the sailboat, they spent several months living with Charlie's mother while they prepared for the trip
Although Charlie and Captain are desperate to see as much of the world as possible, they are in no rush.
'We are 'fair weather sailors', we are in no hurry and therefore if the weather looks dicey, or even marginally uncomfortable, we don't take risks we stay put and wait for change.
'We have only had a couple of 'incidents' on board. A close shave with a mooring rope shearing through, a lesson learned.
'And a potential theft of our folding bikes in Barcelona which were locked on the bow, they boarded the boat and woke us up. There was little confrontation, they were passive and apologetic, but it got the adrenaline pumping.'
Soul mates: And despite their close proximity, they don't argue as much as you would expect
Captain and Charlie have racked up over 6,000 followers since they started posting pictures of their trip on Instagram
For Captain their favourite part of their life is arriving in a new port and the the sense of adventure and exploration which awaits as you pull in.
And despite their close proximity, they don't argue as much as you would expect.
'So many people ask us what it's like to be together 24/7 and really, we are just very lucky to be able to share this adventure with each other. Thirty-eight foot is too short to hold a grudge!' Charlie said.
The sea mates are currently in Barcelona but will head home to see family in Jersey for Christmas.
Their adventures can be followed on their website and Instagram page.
Leaving behind everything they knew, the adventurous couple departed their home in Jersey, Channel Islands and so far have sailed their way round the West of the Mediterranean, France, Spain, Italy, Elba, Corsica, Sardinia and the Balearic Islands
The Battle for Caldari Prime:
This painting depicts just one of the many fights that took place in "The battle for Caldari Prime" event in Dust 514 and, simultaneously, within EVE online. This match has given me a great memory (one of many), and it is my pleasure to share it now with the Dust community.
Myself and a friend were fighting our hardest and doing fairly well.  They are a decent driver and so I hopped in their car and we just drove around mowing down enemies who were coming from their spawn, unaware that a super fast death car was waiting for them at the bottom. This particular kill was of a sniper, thinking they were hidden just behind the crest of a small hill. To their surprise however, the next shot they took was to be their last as they peeked over the crest and our front bumper took their head on a trip into space.
So more onto how I made this:
Brushes x 100 - Textures x 100 - Photographs x 5: Brushes are random photoshop brushes, textures are royalty free found on the internet (heavily modified by myself) and the photographs were my own, taken a long time ago.
Edited for rules.
The European Union (EU) is ramping up pressure on Iran - imposing tough new sanctions on the country's banking, shipping and energy sectors. These sanctions are the toughest measures taken by the EU so far.
"The reality is that most sanctions end up having perverse effects .... European Union sanctions certainly affect 27 member states and companies that are trading, but there's a much bigger world out there .... I don't think they will have the effects that politicians are looking for." - Peter Middlebrook, the CEO of Geopolicity
It has drawn up a list of more than 30 Iranian firms that are being targeted, taking in two top ministries, a host of state-run oil and gas companies, and several banks, including the Central Bank of Iran. It also specifies Majid Namjoo, Iran's minister of energy.
The West has long accused Tehran of developing nuclear weapons, but Iran insists its nuclear programme is for civilian purposes and denies it is trying to develop an atomic bomb.
The West says sanctions are the main way to pressure Iran and forestall military conflict.
Iran has been the target of sanctions for more than two decades now, but it continues to remain defiant, and publicly insists the restrictions are not harming the economy.
But the latest EU measures are likely to put more pressure on Iran's faltering economy. And the hard facts suggest Iran is already feeling the pinch of Western sanctions.
"Many believe if it were not for the nuclear programme, the West would have picked up something else in order to put pressure on Iran." - Sadegh Zibakalam, a professor of political science at Tehran University
Iran's oil exports have dropped by about one million barrels a day in the past 12 months, which is a 60 per cent drop in revenue.
Inflation is running somewhere between 20 and 25 per cent and it is hitting Iran's currency hard. The rial has lost 40 per cent of its value against the dollar in recent weeks.
What impact is the latest round of sanctions likely to have? And are sanctions a legitimate means of bringing about diplomacy?
Inside Story, with presenter Mike Hanna, discusses with guests: Sadegh Zibakalam, a professor of political science at Tehran University and a specialist on Iran's foreign policy; Peter Middlebrook, the CEO of Geopolicity, an advisory consulting firm specialising in political and economic intelligence, and a former economic adviser to the UK, EU and World Bank; and Hillary Mann Leverett, the CEO of Strategic Energy and Global Analysis, a political risk consultancy, and a former US diplomat and official at both the White House and the state department.
"The second round [of sanctions] is intended to increase hardship for ordinary Iranians. That's the intent of sanctions ... it's to impose extreme hardship on ordinary people with the idea that they will then rise up and overthrow their government and get rid of a system that Washington doesn't like. They will increase hardship for ordinary Iranians, they will increase transaction cost, they will make doing business harder, but the reality is what we have seen come back from Iran, the response from the Islamic Republic of Iran has been, yes, hardship for people, but also an increased ability to rely on indigenous production, indigenous capacity. When we first started imposing sanctions on Iran after the revolution in 1979 Iran was barely able to produce a bullet for its military." Hillary Mann Leverett, the CEO of Strategic Energy and Global Analysis
EXPORTS ON THE RISE
Despite the imposition of sanctions against Tehran, US exports to Iran are actually on the rise - up by around one-third
During the first eight months of 2012, the value of US exports rose from around $150m to almost $200m
Much of that was wheat and other grains, accounting for almost $90m. Contrast that with corn sales of just $21m in 2011
Sales of dairy products more than doubled from almost $8m to just over $20m
Source: Al Jazeera
The UN General Assembly's human rights committee backed the Ukraine-drafted resolution by 73 votes to 23 with 76 abstentions.
The document reaffirms the UN's commitment to Ukraine's sovereignty over Crimea and urges Russia to immediately end all abuses against the Black Sea territory's residents, including "arbitrary detentions, torture and other cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment, and to revoke all discriminatory legislation."
Moscow annexed Crimea in March 2014 after months of protests in Kyiv led to the ouster of the former Moscow-friendly president, Viktor Yanukovich. One month later, pro-Russian separatists launched an insurgency in eastern Ukraine.
Ahead of the vote, Russia urged the committee to reject the resolution, calling it "politically motivated." China, Iran, India, Syria, South Africa, Kazakhstan, Serbia and North Korea joined Russia in voting against the text, but it was ultimately approved with backing from the United States, France and Britain. The resolution is expected to be formally adopted by a similar vote before the full 193-member assembly next month.
Increase in rights abuses
Human rights groups have voiced concern over the repression of Crimea's Muslim Tatar minority and the erosion of freedom of expression in the Black Sea territory over the past two years. Local authorities have barred at least two Crimean Tatar leaders from entering the peninsula, shut down Crimean Tatar media outlets, and prohibited peaceful gatherings.
The draft resolution condemns discrimination against the ethnic group and calls on Russia to revoke a decision to ban the Crimean Tatar's self-governing body, and to allow cultural and religious institutions to reopen.
Listen to audio 06:34 Share Inside Europe: Russian troop buildup in Crimea Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2SUos Inside Europe: Russian troop buildup in Crimea
Ukraine's Deputy Foreign Minister Sergiy Kyslytsya told the committee that the resolution's main goal "is to ensure that Russia fully complies with its obligations as an occupying power."
"After Russia occupied Crimea, the human rights situation has deteriorated sharply with extrajudicial killings, intimidation, arbitrary detentions, torture and abuses to the freedom of expression," Kyslytsya said.
Russian foreign ministry official Anatoly Viktorov called the draft one-sided. "It completely ignores the negative impact that the actions of Ukrainian authorities have had on the residents of Crimea," they said, adding that the people of Crimea "chose to vote in a historic referendum to reunite with Russia."
A UN monitoring mission on human rights set up in Ukraine in 2014 has not yet been allowed to enter Crimea. The text of the resolution also urged Russia to be more cooperative on that front.
Watch video 03:23 Share Ukraine: Crimean Tatars under pressure Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/2Rfgc Crimean Tatars under pressure
nm/kl (AFP, AP)
Are you ready to stay up for good?
Every year, students on campuses nationwide stay up all night during St. Jude Up 'til Dawn events to raise money for St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.
Register for our college campus fundraiser event today to join the lifesaving mission of St. Jude and help kids battling cancer and other life-threatening diseases.
Every Dollar Counts
Every dollar donated to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital counts! Take a look at some of the possibilities that your effort could provide to the kids and families of St. Jude:
$36 - Help provide a St. Jude family with meals for one day in the Kay Cafe, the St. Jude cafeteria.
$57 - Help provide necessities for parents who may have hurriedly left home after their child's diagnosis.
$100 - Help provide a platelet count test for two patients: Platelet counts are among the tests doctors use to monitor patient health during treatment.
$250 - Help provide a meal card for a St. Jude family for one week: St. Jude provides patients and their families with meal cards for breakfast, lunch and dinner in Kay Cafe, the hospital's cafeteria.
$500 - Help provide one platelet transfusion: During chemotherapy, the platelet count of patients can drop to dangerously low levels so platelet transfusions are essential for treatment.
$750 - Help cover the cost of five days of oxygen for a St. Jude patient. During treatment, St. Jude patients may need oxygen to help their bodies function properly and aid in healing.
$1000 - Help cover about two-thirds of the cost of one day of chemotherapy; treatments invented at St. Jude have helped push the overall survival rate for childhood cancers from 20 percent when the hospital opened in 1962 to more than 80 percent today.
Join us in helping St. Jude!
I think it's no secret to anyone by now that I am a breakfast junkie! At night, when I go to bed, I often dream about the breakfast that I will get to enjoy the next morning. I always really look forward to that moment. And when it finally gets here, I savor it almost as if it was for the last time.
I do tend, however, to eat mostly “sweet” breakfast: cold cereal, warm cereal, all sorts of different kinds of oatmeal, overnight oats, pancakes, stuffed french toasts, toasts with peanut butter and banana slices, toasted banana bread, buckwheat pancakes, basically all things that lean more towards the sweet side.
Once in a while, though, I do I like to go for something that's a little more on the salty side, namely, eggs! I can't say I'm an egg fanatic, but I'll never say no to a beautiful poached egg IF the yolk is runny. I don't know if it's more because I think they taste good or because I think they look good, though. I don't know why, there is something about a runny egg yolk that I find particularly attractive.
So when I saw that post over at Verses from my Kitchen, I just thought I HAD to try those. Look how beautiful that yolk is! All perfectly yellow and shiny, slowly going down that parsley and quinoa cake. YUM! Oh, and to place a poached egg on top of quinoa cakes to me was pure genius! Eggs benedict have absolutely nothing on those, if you ask me!
I have to say that I was a bit intimated, though. First, at the thought of making poached eggs. Second, at the thought of having to make my egg look as pretty as Mike's. Let's just say that he'd set the bar pretty high…
So poached eggs… I'd only attempted to make those once before in my life, and the experience hadn't been what I can call conclusive. In other words, it was a mess! I was determined to succeed this time, however, for if I was going to show you guys something, it had to be pretty>. So I turned once more to my ever faithful resource, the Internet, for guidance and tips. I found this great video and it helped tremendously! The only thing is I used lemon juice instead of white vinegar for I don't keep white vinegar around the house. I was also missing quite a few of the ingredients that the recipe called for, so I adapted it somewhat to fit the contents of my cupboard.
Frankly, this dish did not disappoint, and although it does take a long[er] time to make, which doesn't make it your breakfast of choice for mornings when you have to go to work, I think that it's very well worth taking the time to make on a quiet week-end day…
You don't have time to make such extensive breakfasts? I'll let you in on a little secret. I actually had this one for dinner, not breakfast! Hey, there are no rules against that! 😉
While people of German ancestry across Pennsylvania from Reading to Lebanon to Lancaster county go nuts for the pre-Lenten treat known as fasnachts (German for the night before the fast), Brauhaus Schmitz is offering up their own version right up until the kitchen closes on Fasnacht or Shrove Tuesday (also known as Mardi Gras).
“Growing up, my school [in Reading] had fasnachts every Tuesday before lent,” Chef Jeremy Nolen says. While these sugar coated fried doughnuts got their start in the homeland—as a way of getting rid of all the ingredients one gave up for lent—Nolen says they don't think they're very popular in Germany anymore, minus perhaps, some tucked away smaller villages in the south [there's mention here of them being enjoyed at festival in Hausach, Germany].
But the tradition has been retained by people of German ancestry across Pennsylvania, including, the erroneously named Dutch Amish.
“The Amish were so secretive. They kept their food traditions while keeping to themselves,” Nolen says. “Meanwhile, things were changing in Germany.”
Nolen offers another PA German favorite as another example of an immigrant community holding onto a culinary gem as the mother country moves on: scrapple. Originally called panhaus in Germany, Nolen says it's something you don't really find there anymore.
As for fasnachts at Brauhaus, they use cooked potato, buttermilk, yeast, flour, butter, nutmeg, cinnamon, and mace to create any airy, ethereal doughnut. Cut into little diamonds and cooked in canola oil, they're pillowy, with a light chew that gives way to a small chamber of air. In addition to sugar, the doughnuts are coated with an additional allotment of cinnamon and nutmeg—as well as vanilla extract—to match the flavor running through into the interior.
While Nolen and anyone else will tell you that they're not meant to be matched with beer, I had a problem, a not too unsettling problem (a similar problem occurred at Landbrot in NYC). Having been served a brown bag of piping hot, sugar coated doughnuts, I was standing at one of the best bars in Philly. With their selection of German beers, it's nearly a literal Stargate back to the homeland.
So, what to get? With my doughnuts.
Of course, I was thinking dark, malty German beer.
The bartender is on the same track. They first suggest Spaten Optimator, but I want something more nuanced. Then, they nail it by offering up Weihenstephaner Korbinian, which brings a depth of sweetness via notes of honey and caramel on top of a malty body inflected with brown sugar. It matches perfectly with the spice of the doughnut, the sugars play upon the canola oil. While the doughnuts are far from greasy, the crisp, clean beer is the ultimate palate cleanser, and the experience is definitely something not to give up.
Brauhaus Schmitz
718 South St.
Philadelphia,PA
The 2015 Halloween Mood Table!
October is here, and you know what that means!
MOOD TABLE TIME.
Well, most of you know that, at least. If you're new to Dino Drac, the Halloween Mood Table is a tradition I started on my old site, way back in 2007. The process involves turning a table — any table, big or small — into the center of your own personal Halloween universe.
Compared to the Mood Tables that I build now, my first one was downright diminutive. Hell, last year, I pretty much turned the thing into a video store from 1987.
Obviously, yours needn't be so complex. The only purpose of a Halloween Mood Table is to give your home — and thus, your life — a static place where Halloween is always happening.
If work or other responsibilities have kept you from being able to “partake” in the season in any major way, the Mood Table is absolutely essential. Whenever you need to breathe and eat Halloween, your Mood Table will be there. Consider it October's Christmas tree.
(Christmas tree slash witchy altar slash toy store.)
Starting with the same small tile table that's been the backbone of every Mood Table I've ever built, it wouldn't be long before it was rendered unrecognizable. I knew it'd be tough to top last year's Mood Table, but I was willing to die trying.
Hours later, my 2015 Halloween Mood Table was complete. Behold, the quadruple-decker TOWER OF DOOM! Standing over five feet tall, it's a massive mess of sights, sounds and SECRET AREAS.
Let's run through the highlights, from top to bottom:
The fourth “floor” — really just the top of a television set — is home to a volley of plastic monsters, which collectively defy nearly every law of physics by not toppling over.
More than two dozen creatures guard my Mood Table, from giants like Stay Puft to a bunch of shrimpy Mini Boglins. Leading the army is D. Compose of Inhumanoids fame, who of course uses their weird chest-jail to keep Jason Voorhees out of trouble.
The third floor — this being the second of two stacked tile tables — features a small television set. Since last year's Mood Table already covered the “old horror movies on VHS” thing, I wanted to try something different this time.
Purposely making the TV play nothing but noisy static, I partially obscured the screen with decorations and nets. The end result? My Halloween Mood Table now delivers an unending flow of Halloween Mood Lighting. Love it!
Also: Though few who come here would notice, there are more decorations around the third floor's sides and back. Growing up, I was the only one in my family who'd put decorations on the backs of our Christmas trees, believing that to be the crucial touch that turned dying branches into utopian wonderlands. I'm the same way with Halloween Mood Tables. They need to be ridiculous from every direction.
The second floor — now on top of the first tile table — serves many masters.
Tons of monsters are on there, along with a few pumpkins — both decorative and real ones. Most of the creatures are tough to see, but that's actually intentional: It gives me — and any guests silly enough to come here — the impression that there's weird shit happening within the depths of the tower. The fact that you can't see everything makes the Mood Table feel more alive.
There's also the traditional bowl of candy, with the unspoken rule being that it must be entirely emptied by Halloween.
Next we have a radio. The idea is to just leave it on the weirdest AM station I can find. It'll play softly and serve more than eerie white noise than any form of direct entertainment. (Paired with the television static, it's an amazing effect!)
Last is one of the Mood Table's secret areas: A bar!
I've had this mostly-killed bottle of Fireball whisky fermenting since last winter, so now it's a do-or-die situation. I'm thinking it'll be cool to take random swigs on lazy evenings. Not enough to get drunk, but enough to make the idea of sitting under the faint glow of television static seem more appealing. (This too must be entirely emptied by Halloween!)
The first floor is technically more of a basement — it's actually under the first tile table.
Here we have a big plastic cauldron, which houses a pad, crayons, markers, and a random severed head. This is the best time of year to draw absolute nonsense, and having all of the materials right under my Mood Table will continually encourage me to do so!
So, let's review. This year's Halloween Mood Table…
– Plays television static.
– Broadcasts AM radio.
– Dispenses candy bars.
– Serves alcohol.
– Encourages arts and crafts.
– Has D. Compose from Inhumanoids on top.
I think that's a win!
Now let's talk about you.
Even in the early years, several readers took the hint and started building their own Halloween Mood Tables. Last year, the idea really caught on, and I'd conservatively estimate that at least 150 people made their own, from personal friends to total strangers to Jorge F'n Garcia from Lost. (You can see a bunch of them on Mummy Shark!)
That Halloween Mood Tables have become “a thing” makes me proud, and it's such a thrill to see what everyone else comes up with. Remember, though: You're supposed to be making these for yourselves. Your Mood Table should appeal to your idealized vision of Halloween. It can be huge, tiny, elaborate or simple. It can have a theme, or it can be a complete mash. So long as you end up with something that makes your place feel Halloweenier, you've succeeded.
If you make one this year, feel free to share a link to it in the comments! You can also hit me up on Twitter or Facebook. If you have a Tumblr account, be sure to tag your post with “Halloween Mood Table,” because I'll be reblogging this year's batch on Mummy Shark!)
Once again, half of my living room has been taken over by a giant, tilting garbage dump filled with monsters, mayhem and tiny-sized 3 Musketeers bars. October is really here!
In this post, I will show you how to deploy VHD Sets on Windows Server 2016 (WS2016) Hyper-V.
Creating a VHD Set
A requirement of any cluster disk is that all nodes in the cluster can access it. Therefore, the cluster disk should reside on storage that the guest cluster nodes can access. This is the case regardless of where they go:
SMB 3.0 storage
Cluster shared volume (CSV)
I can create a VHD Set using New-VHD. This is the same New-VHD as always but now it understands that a virtual hard disk with a .VHDS extension is a VHD Set. The following example will:
Create a new VHD set called DBCluster-Witness.VHDS on a host called Host1.
Store the VHD Set in folder called VHDSets in a CSV called CSV1.
Make the data disk of the VHD set a dynamic 1GB disk.
1 New-VHD -ComputerName "Host1" -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Witness . vhds -SizeBytes 1GB -Dynamic
The above example is perfect for a witness disk. I can create a data disk too:
1 New-VHD -ComputerName "Host1" -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Data1 . vhds -SizeBytes 500GB -Dynamic
At this point, there are 4 files in the VHDSets folder:
DBCluster-Witness.vhds
DBCluster-Witness.avhdx
DBCluster-Data1.vhds
DBCluster-Data1.avhdx
Attaching the Disks
Now, we need to connect the VHD Set disks to the virtual machines of the cluster. I will connect the two VHD sets to virtual machines called vDB1 and vDB2. First, I will attach the witness disk. Note, we are using Add-VMHardDiskDrive and the -SharedVirtualDisk flag will instruct the virtual machine that the disk is a VHD Set.
1 2 3 Add-VMHardDiskDrive -ComputerName "Host1" -VMName "vDB1" -ControllerNumber 0 -ControllerLocation 1 -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Witness . vhds -ShareVirtualDisk Add-VMHardDiskDrive -ComputerName "Host4" -VMName "vDB2" -ControllerNumber 0 -ControllerLocation 1 -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Witness . vhds -ShareVirtualDisk
Next, I can attach the data disks. We will use the same command as before but we will change the names of the .VHDS file:
1 2 3 Add-VMHardDiskDrive -ComputerName "Host1" -VMName "vDB1" -ControllerNumber 0 -ControllerLocation 1 -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Data1 . vhds -ShareVirtualDisk Add-VMHardDiskDrive -ComputerName "Host4" -VMName "vDB2" -ControllerNumber 0 -ControllerLocation 1 -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Data1 . vhds -ShareVirtualDisk
Viewing VHD Sets
After you have created your VHD Set, you can view it in Hyper-V Manager or Failover Cluster Manager. Note, many of the options that are there for regular VHDX files are gone and some of the sharing checkboxes of WS2012 R2 are gone too. VHD Sets on WS2016 are only shared disks, so those options to manage sharing are no longer required. If you want to manage performance, instead of implementing QoS on the virtual hard disk, you should do it on the CSV or Scale-Out File Server. This is new in WS2016.
Operations
Operations that were previously unavailable, are possible now. Some of these, such as replicating a virtual cluster with VHD Sets, must use virtual machine groups. Create a virtual machine group including all of the virtual machines in the guest cluster and enable Hyper-V Replica using the members of the group.
You might be asked to increase the size of a VHD Set data disk. Shared VHDX in WS2012 R2 required that the cluster was powered down, which makes a mockery of the concept of high availability. In WS2016, you just resize the disk:
1 Resize-VHD -ComputerName "Host1" -Path C : \ ClusterStorage \ CSV1 \ VHDSets \ DBCluster-Data1 . vhds -SizeBytes 1024GB
Finally, you will need to extend the volume in the guest OS of one of the virtual cluster nodes.
3/15 - Viceland - Austin, TX
3/15 - Mass Appeal @ Austin Music Hall - Austin, TX
3/16 - Fool's Gold Showcase @ Beauty Ballroom - Austin, TX
4/9 - Fitzgeralds - Houston, TX*
4/10 - Tree's - Dallas, TX*
4/11 - Emo's East - Austin, TX*
4/13 - Coachella - Indio, CA*
4/14 - Congress - Tucson, AZ*
4/15 - Club Red - Tempe, AZ*
4/17 - Independent - San Francisco, CA*
4/18 - Casa De La Raza - Santa Barbara, CA*
4/20 - Coachella - Indio, CA*
4/24 - Blind Pig - Ann Arbor, MI**
4/25 - Bottom Lounge - Chicago, IL**
4/26 - Triple Rock - Minneapolis, MN**
4/27 - High Noon - Madison, WI**
4/28 - Gabe's - Iowa City, IA**
4/29 - Old Rock House - St. Louis, MO**
5/1 - Masquerade - Atlanta, GA**
5/2 - Orange Peel - Asheville, NC**
5/3 - Greene Street - Greensboro, NC**
5/4 - Rock & Roll Hotel - Washington, DC**
5/7 - Irving Plaza - New York, NY**
5/8 - TLA - Philadelphia, PA**
5/9 - Middle East - Boston, MA**
5/10 - The Met - Providence, RI**
5/11 - Pearl Street - Northampton, MA**
5/13 - Grog Shop - Cleveland, OH**
5/14 - Deluxe - Indianapolis, IN**
5/16 - Tao - Las Vegas, NV
5/23 - Wow Hall - Eugene, OR
5/24 - Hawthorne - Portland, OR
5/26 - Sasquatch - George, WA
* with Baauer
** with Kitty
recently announced that he'll be heading out on their headlining Old & Reckless Tour. Followingwill be on the road performing all across the nation through April and May, bringing alongand. Check out the tour poster and dates below.
Mozilla launched Firefox's native PDF reader in Firefox 19 to provide users of the browser with an alternative to plugin-based readers such as Adobe PDF Reader or Foxit Reader.
The idea was to reduce the browser's dependency on plugins, and the creation of a native PDF reader did just that for PDF related plugins.
While built-in to the browser directly, Firefox users can still change the internal pdf viewer if they want to. This makes sense under certain circumstances, for instance when support for features is required that PDF.js does not support.
If you have been using Firefox's built-in PDF reader you may have noticed at times that memory consumption can shoot through the roof quite easily.
It is not uncommon that memory usage jumps by a couple of hundred Megabytes when opening pdf documents in PDF.js. While that depends largely on the document itself, it appears to be quite common that memory usage is higher than it should be.
Mozilla's master of memory Nicholas Nethercote just confirmed that improvements are coming to PDF.js that improve the program's memory consumption under certain conditions significantly.
They note that the PDF viewers high memory consumption secured it a place on the top 5 list of Mozilla's MemShrink project.
Nicholas implemented four improvements that reduce the memory consumption greatly for certain kinds of documents:
Image Masks - These types of images determine which parts of an image need to be drawn. The change skips one of the processing steps entirely which reduces memory usage when these types of images are processed significantly. Nicholas noticed a reduction in memory use by up to 50%.
- These types of images determine which parts of an image need to be drawn. The change skips one of the processing steps entirely which reduces memory usage when these types of images are processed significantly. Nicholas noticed a reduction in memory use by up to 50%. Image Copies - Some pdf documents consist only of images that have been added to it (one image per page). PDF.js makes five copies of each image (three in JavaScript, 2 in C++). Nicholas managed to reduce the size of copies 3 to 5 without causing any slow-downs in the process. In addition, some processing steps are skipped as well "in simple cases" which reduces memory consumption further. According to Nicolas, this saves about "128 MiB of allocations" per page.
- Some pdf documents consist only of images that have been added to it (one image per page). PDF.js makes five copies of each image (three in JavaScript, 2 in C++). Nicholas managed to reduce the size of copies 3 to 5 without causing any slow-downs in the process. In addition, some processing steps are skipped as well "in simple cases" which reduces memory consumption further. According to Nicolas, this saves about "128 MiB of allocations" per page. Black and White scanned documents - The same optimization technique that was used to optimize Image Masks has been applied to black and white scanned documents as well. By avoiding one step, both memory consumption and rendering time are reduced significantly. Nicholas mentions one large PDF document that brought Firefox's memory consumption to 7800 MiB while quickly scrolling to it. With the patch applied, this dropped to about 700 MiB.
- The same optimization technique that was used to optimize Image Masks has been applied to black and white scanned documents as well. By avoiding one step, both memory consumption and rendering time are reduced significantly. Nicholas mentions one large PDF document that brought Firefox's memory consumption to 7800 MiB while quickly scrolling to it. With the patch applied, this dropped to about 700 MiB. Parsing - The only improved that is not related to images. Strings parsed by PDF.js are often shorter than required to be optimized by SpiderMonkey's string optimization feature. Nicholas managed to get around this by combining strings to arrays.
The changes improve Firefox's built-in pdf reader significantly when documents that benefit from these optimizations are opened. This includes memory consumption mainly, but may also improve the loading time of pdf documents.
The changes will be released with Firefox 29, which means that Aurora and Nightly users benefit from them already.
Now Read: How to reset custom pdf configurations in Firefox
Advertisement
Stephen “Stippo” Rakes, a former South Boston man who had waited for a chance to testify against James “Whitey” Bulger for decades, was found dead in Lincoln on Wednesday, authorities said today.
The cause of death is being determined by the state medical examiner's office. There were no obvious signs of trauma to the body, which was found at about 1:30 p.m. in the Mill Street area, authorities said.
The case is being investigated by State Police and Lincoln police, according to a statement released by Middlesex District Attorney Marian T. Ryan.
Steve Davis, the brother of alleged Bulger murder victim Debra Davis, said they became close friends with Rakes. They said Rakes was physically fit, swimming year-round in the bay outside the L Street annex in South Boston.
Davis said Rakes introduced them to cycling and the two of them frequently took long rides from Milton and Quincy to Castle Island in South Boston.
“He was in good shape,” said Davis.
They said Rakes, who lived in Quincy, had talked about buying property in Lincoln and suggested that Rakes may have been in the town to look at property.
Rakes, 59, was one of the most determined of Bulger's alleged victims, still furious at the notorious South Boston gangster and their allies, Stephen “The Rifleman” Flemmi and Kevin Weeks, for allegedly extorting their South Boston liquor store from them at gunpoint in 1984 — while Rakes's daughters were in the same room.
Rakes described the harrowing incident to the Globe in 2001 when they filed a civil lawsuit against federal officials. The suit was thrown out in 2005 by a federal judge who ruled they had waited too long to begin the litigation.
Boston attorney Anthony Cardinale, who represented Rakes's ex-wife, Julie Dammers, in civil litigation connected to Bulger and the liquor store, said today that both Dammers and one of Rakes's daughters were shocked by their sudden death.
“They were shocked to hear they passed away and anxious to find out about any details they can,'' Cardinale said.
Cardinale, who helped expose the connection between the FBI and Bulger and Flemmi, who were prized FBI informants during their reign of terror in Boston's underworld, said they did not believe Rakes's death had any connection to the ongoing prosecution of Bulger.
“All I can say is I seriously doubt it has anything do with any part of this case,'' Cardinale said. “That's my sense.''
Digital Assistants have become more and more useful over the years and while the likes of Siri and Google Now are excellent, the Amazon Echo and its Alexa assistant are perhaps the most impressive so far. Unfortunately, the smart home gadget doesn't necessarily know a great deal of languages- it can't speak or recognise Chinese for instance, which has spurred the launch of the LingLong DingDong, China's competitor to the Echo.
Being a Chinese-specific product, this could potentially introduce this style of technology to millions of new users, who may not have been able to use a voice-activated, cloud-based smart home assistant like this before. The LingLong DingDong comes in at a great time too, as China's smart home market is predicted to hit $22.8 billion by 2018.
While some may be sceptical of the product due to its name, it is a very real thing, created by LingLong Co., a Beijing-based firm. This smart speaker will end up costing just shy of £94 when it hits the market, which is 800 yuan over in China. Due to the language engine's complexity, there will need to be two versions of the DingDong, one for Cantonese speakers and another for Mandarin.
For the time being, the DingDong has a fairly limited feature set, with many choosing to use it for music streaming through Baidu. However, LingLong Co. is hoping that third-party developers will expand this further and is apparently offering incentives and tech support to bring developers on board in hopes of closing the gap between this and the Amazon Echo feature set.
Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE.
KitGuru Says: Given current estimations for the Smart Home market, a product like this could really catch on over in China. How do you guys feel about smart home products like the Amazon Echo? Do you like the idea of putting more of your daily life in the hands of technology, or do you see it as privacy infringing?
Uncle shot, killed in front of nephew in northeast Houston
A man is injured after gunfire Tuesday evening in northeast Houston. (Metro Video) A man is injured after gunfire Tuesday evening in northeast Houston. (Metro Video) Photo: Metro Video Photo: Metro Video Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Uncles shot, killed in front of nephew in northeast Houston 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
A man is dead after shots were fired Tuesday evening in northeast Houston, during which their 6-year-old nephew narrowly avoided being hit by the gunfire.
Officers with the Houston Police Department were called about 7 p.m. to Swan River, near Moss Oaks, said D. Crowder, a detective with the Houston Police Department's homicide division.
Once they arrived, officers found the man - identified by police as 35-year-old Cornelius Williams - and their nephew inside of a car that had crashed into a fire hydrant and was spewing water.
Williams had been shot at least once. The nephew was uninjured, Crowder said.
Williams had been shot a few blocks away, in the 6100 block of Moss Oaks, then tried to drive themselves away from their shooter, according to HPD.
Police did not immediately have a description of the shooter or a car the shooter was in.
Williams was taken to Lyndon Baines Johnson General Hospital where they died, according to HPD.
The boy was taken to a hospital as well, as a precautionary measure, Crowder said.
BY: Follow @P_Crookston
President Donald Trump told televangelist Pat Robertson in a new interview airing Thursday that they will make it safe to say "Merry Christmas" once they bring America "back."
After Trump decried how the media treats him, Robertson, the "700 Club" host and Christian Broadcasting Network founder, asked the president if they are going to pivot to "take on heavyweights." Trump said that they do not want to take on lightweights and turned to the issue of religious liberty.
"We have to bring our country back. Our country was going in the wrong direction," Trump said. "And by the way, what they were doing to religious liberty: They were destroying religious liberty."
"You will be saying ‘Merry Christmas' again very soon," Trump added.
Robertson laughed and said, "We'll count on it."
Trump prefaced their statement by saying that Democrats had been taking the wrong steps to improve the lives of Americans.
"You couldn't build, you couldn't do anything," Trump said.
Trump has criticized the use of "happy holidays" as a substitute for "merry Christmas" on the campaign trail and after being elected. Their support among Evangelical Christians has remained high, with many including Robertson praising their appointment of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court.
US President Donald Trump has ordered a wall built along the nearly 3,200km US-Mexico border.
PUERTO VARAS - Mexican presidential hopeful Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador filed a complaint with the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights on Wednesday against US President Donald Trump's planned border wall and their administration's treatment of immigrants.
Lopez Obrador, a fiery leftist who has led recent polls for the 2018 election, said they expect the commission to "speak out in accordance with the law to protect immigrants from the harassment they are suffering since Trump took office."
Trump has ordered a wall built along the nearly 3,200km US-Mexico border, has moved to strip federal funding from "sanctuary" states and cities harbouring illegal immigrants, and expanded the force of US immigration agents.
During their election campaign, Trump described Mexican illegal immigrants as rapists and criminals and insisted that Mexico would pay for the wall. That caused simmering diplomatic tension and angered everyday citizens south of the border.
Lopez Obrador, a former Mexico City mayor and two-time runner-up for the presidency, said they hoped the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights would view Trump's moves as a "violation of human rights and discriminatory."
The commission, an autonomous organ of the Organisation of American States (OAS), is tasked with promoting and protecting human rights in the American hemisphere.
Ridership along the Penn Avenue bike lanes is up at least 25 percent since June, according to data released last week by the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership.
Spokesperson Leigh White said they counted roughly 1,000 trips per day on average in July. Ridership also spiked on weekends, they said.
“That's the size of a nice-sized parking garage of people who are not parking (and) are using different means of commuting to town,” White said.
Penn Avenue readers recorded a 25 percent increase in ridership since June at the 1200 block and a nearly 34 percent increase in the 900 block. White said the third, placed on the 600 block, malfunctioned and can't be used for comparison.
Real time data is available on the partnership's interactive map.
Counters were placed along the lane in late April, about seven months since the lanes were first installed. City planners weren't sure what to expect in total ridership, but long-term growth was expected, White said.
“As the weather got better and summer moved along, and also with the introduction of the bike share program in Pittsburgh, Healthy Ride, we did anticipate that ... some increases in the numbers,” they said.
The 1200 block has recorded over 94,000 trips since the counters' installation; the 900 block clocked more than 78,000. Most riders enter Downtown at the 1200 block, White said, and many disperse from there.
“I think once you sort of get into town, there's more of a need to kind of peel off of the bike lanes to get to where you're going,” they said.
Bike lane use and installation continues to grow citywide. The city's planning department held a community meeting July 30 to discuss the possibility of adding bike lanes to O'Hara Street in Oakland.
AP Bombshell documents show that decisions that caused days of traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge — possibly in retaliation against a Democratic mayor who wouldn't endorse Gov. Chris Christie (R-N.J.) for reelection — reached closer to Christie than they have previously acknowledged.
Bridget Anne Kelly, Christie's deputy chief of staff, sent an August 13 email to former Port Authority Director of Interstate Capital Projects David Wildstein, a Christie ally: "Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee."
Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich (D) had declined to endorse Christie for re-election, unlike many other Democratic municipal officials in the state.
The Wall Street Journal obtained that email and 21 other pages of emails and text messages, a series that shows coordination between the Christie administration and the Port Authority over the lane closures — and suggests the closures were politically motivated, not part of a "traffic study."
In a text to Baroni, Sokolich had said that the problem of busing students to school was "maddening."
In a subsequent text message exchange, an unidentified person told Wildstein, "I feel badly about the kids. I guess." Wildstein replied, "They are the children of Buono voters," referring to then-State Sen. Barbara Buono, Christie's Democratic opponent in the November election.
According to the Bergen Record, the emails and messages were provided by Wildstein to a New Jersey State Assembly committee in compliance with a subpoena.
In September, it became clearer that the lane closures were a surprise to local officials and police, the media began asking questions. Christie's campaign manager, Bill Stepien, exchanged emails with Wildstein on Sept. 18. In them, they pointed the finger at Sokolich for a story that was published that day in The Wall Street Journal.
"The mayor is an idiot," Stepien wrote.
"It will be a tough November for this little Serbian," Wildstein responded, an apparent reference to the Fort Lee mayor.
National Democrats have been hammering Christie for the past month over the controversy, charging that the lane closures were political payback for a Democratic mayor who refused to endorse Christie for re-election last year. Christie has denied that charge.
Bill Baroni, the former deputy director of the Port Authority of New York and Jersey and Christie's top official at the Port Authority, has said that the lane closures were part of a traffic study. But these documents cast doubts on those claims.
Christie has previously said that no one on their legislative or campaign staff was involved in the lane closures. They also brushed off questions in December on the topic by joking that they moved the cones himself.
But as the Record describes it, the emails show that Kelly "was involved in the planning and received updates during the week of the traffic jams." Kelly also knew that Christie appointees at the Port Authority were "ignoring the Fort Lee mayor's desperate attempts to get a reason for the sudden unannounced closures."
Christie on Wednesday morning abruptly canceled their one scheduled public event of the day, a Hurricane Sandy "housing recovery milestone announcement" in Manahawkin, N.J.
NOW WATCH: Here's What Really Happens At A Tesla Supercharger Station
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
// OO.ready(function() { OO.Player.create('ooyalaplayer', 'ZieHI3aTqIkmR2mAWCf25jx4dLBfnctg'); }); //
news Stopping to Take in Yonge Street
Yonge Street may not be the world's longest street, but as Ismail Atiev discovered when they set out to capture its length, it's still pretty damn long.
After first experimenting with stop motion in “The Stop Motion Experience,” Atiev, who's an aspiring musician and cinematographer, wanted to “up the level” for their next video and do something crazy. So, starting at 9 a.m. on a clear day in April, they and their friend, Djabrail Tataev, armed themselves with two cameras and walked forty-two kilometres from Yonge and Wellington Streets in Aurora to the point where Yonge Street begins at Queens Quay in Toronto—a journey that took them fourteen hours to complete.
Collecting the photos for this video was an arduous process. For the duration of the trip, the two stayed approximately ten metres apart and every thirty steps or so turned to take each other's photos. “We must have looked really strange,” Atiev told Torontoist. “A lot of people were wondering what we were doing, but I was so set on finishing this thing that I had no time to stop and describe what we were doing; it would just be too long of a story.”
Besides the endless questions, their biggest time-killer was the cameras' batteries, which kept dying near the end and forced them on several occasions to duck into a fast-food establishment for a quick recharge.
The other big problem was the distance. “I've never walked that much in a single day,” explained Atiev. “Pretty much after Bloor and Yonge our feet were just killing us.”
But the pain was worth it. “What I enjoyed about making this video is that when we start in Aurora, you can see how rural it is—a bunch of fields and not a lot of buildings—and as you're going, you can just see the buildings getting bigger and higher and the more lights and cars.”
Atiev already has their next project planned, which they say is “going to be ten times harder than the Yonge Street video and a lot more epic.”
This article originally misspelled Djabrail Tataev's last name as “Pataeve,” the result of a transcription error. The article has also been updated to replace Djabrail's nickname, “D.J.”, with their full first name.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Corbyn was offered a can of Irn Bru outside the Scottish Parliament
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour may have to go into next year's Holyrood elections without having a clear position on Trident.
The Labour leader, who is visiting Scotland, said they hoped the position would have been resolved by then.
But they told BBC Scotland that they could give no guarantee.
Mr Corbyn is opposed to nuclear weapons but their party is presently committed to renewing the Trident system, which is based on the Clyde.
They said on Wednesday that they would not fire Britain's nuclear weapons if they were prime minister, with their comments being criticised by some senior Labour colleagues.
Their visit to Scotland came four months after Labour lost 40 of its 41 Scottish MPs to the SNP in the general election.
'Doing great'
Former Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont resigned in December of last year, saying the Scottish party was being treated as a "branch office".
Left-winger Mr Corbyn, who won the leadership of their party last month, said their priority was winning back votes in Scotland and insisted they would not interfere in the "operation" of Scottish Labour.
Speaking to journalists outside the Scottish Parliament on Thursday, they said: "We're doing great, party membership is going up after my first conference as leader and things are going really well."
The Holyrood election takes place in May of next year when Scottish Labour, now led by Kezia Dugdale, will be defending 38 seats.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The UK's submarine-based Trident nuclear weapons system is based at Faslane on the Clyde
Speaking ahead of the visit, Mr Corbyn said: "Under my leadership there will be no question about who is in charge of the Scottish Labour Party.
"Kezia Dugdale is leader of our party in Scotland and I will be working alongside them to win back support for Labour."
They added: "Kez has said that they want to make absolutely clear what the Labour Party stands for and who we stand with. That is also my mission across the UK.
"Too many people have told me that they think the Labour Party lost its way. We need to win back their trust by showing them exactly what difference a Labour government would make to their lives.
"The stakes are high for Scotland. People can't afford a Tory government whose policies are making people work harder for less or an SNP government that is intent on having the arguments of the past rather than looking to the future."
'Utterly indefensible'
They visited the Scottish Parliament to meet MSPs before also meeting trade unionists and party activists.
The SNP had earlier challenged Mr Corbyn to use their visit to end what it termed "the chaos and confusion" over Labour's policy on replacing the Trident nuclear weapons system.
SNP deputy leader Stewart Hosie said: "Labour's position on Trident has become utterly indefensible.
"After days of chaos and infighting, Jeremy Corbyn must use their trip to Scotland to make clear whether they are leading Labour - or whether Labour is leading him.
"Jeremy Corbyn needs to be straight with the people of Scotland - will Labour oppose Trident nuclear weapons on our shores, or simply allow the Tories to go ahead with this outdated and unwanted project."
One of Naomi's best childhood summertime memories involves licking the ice cream out of a rapidly softening ice cream sandwich in the brutal heat of a Florida summer. Seeking to make this a reality for their kids – and all allergy folk – they developed this recipe. This should yield about 10 2×4 inch sandwiches, depending on thickness of cookie and amount of ice cream used.
A few notes:
Be prepared to plan this well in advance and execute it at least a day ahead of time! Otherwise you will end up with melting, gooey madness all over your kitchen and you may inadvertently teach any local kidlets ‘grown up words' that shouldn't be learned before a certain age. Go ahead and ask how we know this… The best results come from doing the ice cream one day and the cookies the next… and there's even less stress if you choose to make assembly a ‘day three' proposition. It does mean you'll be eating ice cream sandwiches four days after you craved them…. but nothing's perfect. Most recipes out there either give you a recipe for crisp wafer or a soft cookie. The best texture – the one closest to the commercial variety – combines these. Any good recipe for an ice cream sandwich requires cookies that are soft when frozen but still firm when thawed. Naomi achieves this texture by using white sugar and added fat for the crisp exterior and a low cooking time for tender interiors. Naomi wanted something that tasted as close to the paper-wrapped mass-produced faux-cream conglomeration as they could get without weird chemicals and so they developed a vegan frozen custard that really and truly tastes ‘right' for this. Feel free to use real ice cream, your favorite non dairy commercial variety, or your favorite ice cream recipe. For a cookies and cream style sandwich use black cocoa. For a more traditional sandwich, use regular old cocoa.
COOKIES
1 1/2 c (6 ounces or 170g) Better Batter Gluten Free Flour
1 c unsweetened cocoa powder (black or regular are both acceptable)
1 c plus 2 Tbsp granulated sugar
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp baking soda
1 c palm shortening or Crisco
1/4 c plus 1 1/2 tsp water or df milk substitute
1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
Instructions
Be sure your frozen custard is made ahead of time.
Make cookie dough: In the bowl of electric mixer, combine Better Batter Flour, cocoa, sugar, and salt until well combined and evenly mixed. Add shortening and mix until well combined. Add water or df milk substitute and vanilla and blend on medium to high speed until a smooth, sticky dough forms. This will be extremely soft! Divide dough in two parts and wrap securely in plastic wrap. Freeze for at least a half hour or refrigerate for up to 4 hours.
Make cookies:
Line 2-3 sheet pans with parchment paper – this is very important! You may also use Silpats.
Working with half the dough on a floured surface, flour the dough and roll out to about 1/8 inch thick. You may also go thicker (1/4 inch) if desired. Use a rounded 2×4 rectangular cookie cutter to get a perfect shape, or using a spatula and ruler, measure a 10 by 8 inch rectangle out of the dough and cut off all excess. Using the ruler as a guide, cut 10 2×4 inch rectangles from the dough. Carefully transfer to the baking sheets and, using a skewer, docking tool, or fork, press 12 holes into the dough. Repeat with remaining dough. You should get roughly 20 total rectangles. You may get less if you roll to 1/4 inch thick.
Place cookies in fridge or cool area while you heat the oven to 350 degrees.
Place cookies – one sheet at a time, in preheated oven.
For 1/8 inch cookies, bake for 7 minutes.
For 1/4 inch cookies, bake for 12 minutes.
Cool the cookies on the sheet on the parchment paper or VERY gently transfer ON the parchment paper to a rack to cool. Store in an airtight container until ready to assemble sandwiches.
Assemble Sandwiches:
You will need:
1 recipe cookies (above)
ICE CREAM
1/2 gallon favorite commercial ice cream
OR
1 recipe Frozen Custard (Vegan), frozen as per instructions, then very lightly softened
cookie sheets
small ice cream scoop (2-4 oz)
parchment paper or plastic wrap for wrapping.
Work close to your freezer!
Lay cookies on cookie sheets and freeze for 20 minutes. This helps assembly of the sandwiches and prevents the ice cream from melting too much.
Working with only two cookies at a time, and using a small ice cream scoop, scoop about 1/4 c (4 oz) ice cream on one cookie and use a spatula to smoosh the ice cream to the edges. Top quickly with second cookie. Use spatula to neaten the edges, if desired. Wrap with either parchment paper (you may need to tape) or plastic wrap, taking care to keep the shape intact. Place immediately in the freezer. Proceed with other cookies in the same way.
You may find your ice cream softens a little too much as this proceeds – be sure to take a break and stick in the freezer for up to 20 minutes, if necessary.
When all cookies are assembled into sandwiches and wrapped, store in a closed container for later eating or serve immediately.
Foreigners Expected To Take 8 Out Of 10 Jobs In Sweden In 2018
Back in February we published an article estimating that refugees will cost Sweden $18.6 billion in 2017—9.3 times more than the government's official estimates. In the article we also mentioned how few migrants were able to find work—only 500 of the migrants who entered Sweden in 2015 have since found jobs.
Basically, the migrants are expensive, and they do not contribute to Sweden's economy.
Since then things seem to have improved economically, but big problems still lie ahead.
According to the Swedish Public Employment Service, some 50% of migrants are now employed. In what capacity it is not clear, but it is likely that most serve in de facto make-work positions (for example, cleaning migrant centers etc.), since so few have the skills necessary to succeed in the private sector.
We are skeptical that Sweden's official figures represent the organic unemployment rate (the government of Sweden, like Germany, has a habit of “fudging” the numbers). It should also be noted that they estimate that the migrant unemployment rate will creep up to 60% by the end of 2017.
Another interesting piece of data: the same government agency estimates that by 2018 8 in 10 new jobs will be taken by foreigners, including legal immigrants and migrants.
While Sweden touts this as a unadulterated good, the impact on native Swedes is definitively less clear-cut.
Remember, the value of one's labor is subject to the law of supply and demand, much like any other free market price. The more foreign labor is available in Sweden, the less pressure there is for Swedish employers to increase wages.
A good example of this comes out of Maine, US, where restrictions on the number of temporary work visas have forced local businesses to hire Americans, raise wages, and improve working conditions. Simply put:
…this shouldn't come as a shock to anyone. It's basic supply and demand: when supply goes up, prices go down (and vice versa). This is how free markets determine prices.
By adding immigrant labor (legal or illegal) into the market, you expand the labor supply, thereby decreasing its price (wages). There is no way around this fact. This is why businesses in Bar Harbor are increasing wages—they have to bid realistic prices to attract workers.
Employment rates are also affected, since foreign workers displace American workers. Why? It's not because they're better, it's because they're cheaper, and employers have more leverage over them—work long hours in poor conditions or face deportation.
The logic is unassailable: more labor means lower wages. This has yet to manifest in Sweden in a meaningful way, but it's coming—make no mistake.
50 Best Documentaries on Netflix: Last Chance U joins the ranking by Bryce Olin
50 Best Romantic Movies on Netflix: The Wedding Planner joins the ranking by Bryce Olin
You can now watch Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal: The Movie presented by Funny or Die on Netflix!
We have great news! Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal: The Movie is now available to stream on Netflix!
For those who don't know, the film is a parody of the Donald Trump, the business person running for President in 2016. The film is loosely based on Donald Trump's book The Art of the Deal. The movie plays like an autobiography of Donald Trump.
The Art of the Deal: The Movie was directed by Jeremy Konner, and Joe Randazzo wrote the screenplay for the film. Funny or Die produced the movie.
Johnny Depp, Michaela Watkins, Jack McBrayer, Patton Oswalt, Alfred Molina, Henry Winkler, Andy Richter, Jacob Tremblay, and Ron Howard star in the The Art of the Deal: The Movie.
In the film, Donald Trump (Johnny Depp) presents their “stories” and business values to a child at their office.
We have shared the trailer for the film below. We think you will definitely dig this movie!
There has never been a better time to make fun of Donald Trump, and The Art of the Deal: The Movie nails it in every way. You have to check out this movie as soon as you can if you like parody movies.
Although Johnny Depp's accent fades at times, they do an excellent job playing Donald Trump in the movie. It's such a funny performance!
Like with everything on Netflix, you must be a Netflix subscriber to watch the movie on the streaming service, but you can try a week-long free trial by visiting the Netflix web site.
Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal: The Movie will be joining our ranking of the 50 Best Comedy Movies on Netflix shortly! For more great comedies to stream on Netflix, check out our ranking of the 50 Best Comedy Movies on Netflix!
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
About
Imagine one day you wake up and go to your favorite websites to find the internet abuzz with the latest controversy - a new study has come out claiming to "prove" that everyone's favorite tech gadget actually causes cancer. People are attacking the study saying it's just scaremongering, others are attacking the deniers saying that they're trying to cover up the truth; needless to say everyone is pretty emotional.
Now imagine that instead of having to wade into the chaos and tying to determine the truth from the ongoing battle of opinions firing back and forth you could instead go to one site where researchers are parsing the information and presenting it the rest of the internet community with a simple data visualization.
Thonk is meant to be a place where people can work together to lay out the scientific evidence for different claims in a way that is easy to understand.
The map will be open to everyone but only those with a researcher email will be able to modify it in order to best curate the information. People can search for terms to find the scientific data published about it, ask questions about specific scientific claims and also freely browse the entire tree which is all interconnected.
Trees have been used as a metaphor for mapping knowledge throughout human history. One of the earliest being the Tree of Knowledge suggested by the ancient Greek Porphyry to illustrate the different classifications of matter in the universe as described by Aristotle. Later two Frenchmen designed the Figurative System of the Human Knowledge which attempted to map out different types of knowledge with the 3 main branches of "Memory/History, Reason/Philosophy and Imagination Poetry".
Taxonomies of Knowledge
Figurative System of Human Knowledge
Augustus Comte attempted to map out the different fields of Science which was later described in the Text Book, "The Central Science" as another Tree Map.
Partial ordering of the sciences proposed by Balaban and Klein.
Thonk is a similar attempt except that instead of being undertaken by a small team we will use the technology of the internet to make it open to editing by the entire scientific community. It will also be engineered to focus on scientific verification of concepts.
Now you will be able to see the scientific support for explanations for things such as whether or not the 5 second rule works, are GMOs safe to eat, do toilets flush counterclockwise in the southern hemisphere or what are the economic consequences of different tax policies.
Indian Army working in coordination with Punjab police in Gurdaspur (Express photo)
With the killing of all the three terrorists holed up inside Dina Nagar police station in Gurdaspur, Punjab government declared the operation to be over at 5 pm, exactly 12 hours after the terror attack.
Advertising
SP detective Gurdaspur Baljit Singh was killed in the attack besides two home guards and another police officer. Three civilians were also killed. As many as 18 persons including three police personnel have been injured.
Watch: Analysis of Gurdaspur Terror Attack With Praveen Swami
(App users click here for the video)
In a statement, Deputy CM Punjab Sukhbir Singh Badal has declared that all the three terrorists have been killed.
They also commended the Punjab police to flush out the dreaded terrorists successfully who were hiding inside the Dinanagar police station.
Advertising
Badal has also said that DGP, their team and SWOT commandos have done a commendable job and the courage shown by police officers deserves recognition.
They announced that the bus driver will also be honored by the state department who have saved passengers from the planned attack by terrorists.
SEE: First pictures after the attack
The state police has sounded an alert all across the border.
CHRONOLOGY: Terror-related incidents in Punjab between 2001 and 2015
5:34 pm: Home Minister Rajnath Singh to chair a high-level meeting at 6 PM on Gurdaspur terror incident.
5:00 pm: Terror attack over, all terrorists killed: Punjab police
2:40 pm: A high alert has been sounded in the national capital by the Delhi police with security being beefed up at busy public places and markets
1: 40 pm: Congress VP Rahul Gandhi has condemned the incident.
1:30 pm: SP (Detective) Baljit Singh was killed in the operation. Death toll goes up till 6.
10: 45 am: PM Narendra Modi will be meeting top ministers today after the heinous terror attack in Gurdaspur.
Gurdaspur terror attack: PM Narendra Modi to meet top Ministers at 10:30am, Union Home Secretary LC Goyal to be present. — ANI (@ANI_news) July 27, 2015
Watch video
10:43 am: A high alert has been sounded along the national highway between Jammu and Kathua, with checking stepped up at Lakhanpur which acts as an entry point tp Jammu Kashmir from neighbouring Punjab.
Meanwhile, the entire railway track between Jammu and Pathankot was checked with the help of dog squads and railway police personnel on Monday morning to rule out the possibility of sabotage by terrorists.
“The railway track in our area from Jammu to Pathankote is safe,'' said SP Jammu Kashmir Railways Suram Singh. “Though we have been maintaining dominance on the tracks 24×7, we immediately pressed our dog squad and personnel to re-check it immediately after reports about terror attack in neighbouring Gurdaspur district of Punjab came in the morning,'' Singh added.
10:38 am: Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar has said that both counter-insurgency and special forces are at the spot in Dinanagar.
Counter insurgency and counter terror spl forces are there: :Raksha Mantri Manohar Parrikar on #Gurdaspur operation pic.twitter.com/d9UZoGfHWv — ANI (@ANI_news) July 27, 2015
10: 11 am: Army units from Gurdaspur and Pathankot are currently engaging with the terrorists. The Special Forces have already reached. The operation is being handled by a brigade commander.
Read: Home Minister Rajnath Singh orders BSF to step up vigil across IB
10:09 am: According to intelligence agencies, the terrorists could not enter J&K in view of multi-tier tight security involving police, para military and Army due to the ongoing Amarnath yatra, PM Narendra Modi's visit and the upcoming Independence Day celebrations.
10:06 am: Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal tweets on the attack.
We strongly condemn cowardly attack on innocent ppl in Punjab. We are with the people of Punjab and hope that culprits wud soon be nabbed — Arvind Kejriwal (@ArvindKejriwal) July 27, 2015
9:53 am: Gurdaspur Civil Surgeon Dr Rajnish Sood said one of the cops had a bullet injury in the abdomen and the injury was being treated as “critical”. “The other six injured have manageable injuries,” they said.
9:51 am: At least seven people, including three police officers, have been injured in the attack. An encounter is currently on between the police and the terrorists. The Army has also reached the spot and is assisting the police to flush out the terrorists.
9: 49 am: Former J&K CM Omar Abdullah wrote on Twitter that the Gurdaspur attack is similar to the ones reported in the Jammu border belt.
Will be very interested to see what emerges about the identity of the terrorists involved in the Gurdaspur attack this morning 1/2 — Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) July 27, 2015
The timing of the attack, methodology & location are all eerily similar to attacks in the border belt of Jammu 2/2 — Omar Abdullah (@abdullah_omar) July 27, 2015
Post your comments and reactions here
9: 15 am: The manner of taking over a car to attack a police station is also similar to the one which was adopted in Hiranagar in 2013 when three terrorists had stormed the police station there and then attacked a nearby Army unit.
People outside the police station in Gurdaspur (Express photo)
9: 10 am: Army units stationed in the Tibri military station in Gurdaspur have also been put on high alert and some columns have been moved to help the Punjab Police in their operation. BSF too has been put on alert all along the border with senior officials rushing to Dinanagar from the Punjab Frontier HQS of BSF in Jalandhar.
While initial reports suggest that the terrorists infiltrated from adjoining Hiranagar area of Jammu and entered Punjab near Pathankot, intelligence sources say the possibility of infiltration having taken place on the Punjab-J&K border south of Hiranagar cannot be ruled out.
“There are several riverine areas along with international border in this area where monsoon affords a possibility to cross due to swollen Ravi river and tall grass. The BSF too is forced to move back in these areas as their posts get flooded,” informed a senior military officer over phone.
A person injured in the terrorist attack in Gurdaspur being admitted to a hospital (Express photo)
9:00 am: The Punjab Police has sounded an alert in all police stations along the Indo-Pak border in the state following the attack.
Sources say that the Army has moved in its Special Forces troops by helicopter from nearby Jammu to take over the operation of flushing out the terrorists from the police station and neutralising them. Special Forces, bomb disposal squads and other support elements of the Army are expected to reach the encounter site any time soon.
Advertising
8:45 am: Home Minister Rajnath Singh confirmed that MHA is monitoring the situation in Gurdaspur. They also spoke to Punjab CM Prakash Singh Badal.
The MHA is monitoring the situation in Gurudaspur and Punjab. I am confident that the situation will be soon brought in control. — Rajnath Singh (@BJPRajnathSingh) July 27, 2015
8:30 am: Five bombs were also found on the Amritsar-Pathankot railway track.
Suspected terror attack in Gurdaspur: 5 live bombs recovered from Dina Nagar- Pathankot railway track (Spot Visuals) pic.twitter.com/hw9Jeopc2M — ANI (@ANI_news) July 27, 2015
(Inputs from Chandigarh and agencies)
A majority of Canadian consumers are concerned that the foods they eat may be counterfeit, a new study by Dalhousie University says.
“The most popular one in Canada is misrepresentation,” said Sylvain Charlebois, dean of the faculty of management at Dalhousie University and Canada's leading expert on food distribution, safety and security.
“If you're selling an organic product, and it isn't, or you're selling a product that is local, and it's not; those are the kind of food fraud cases we're seeing,” Charlebois said.
Broadly speaking, food fraud includes the mislabelling of foods with regard to content, quality or origin. For instance, where salmon is sold by a retailer as wild, when it's actually farmed; or if processed food is marked gluten free, when in fact it contains ingredients that would harm someone with celiac disease.
WATCH: Misrepresentation is the most common form of food fraud in Canada: Dalhousie professor
In a new report titled “food fraud and risk perception”, Dalhousie researchers surveyed 1,088 Canadians over a three-week period in January. They asked respondents in English or French a range of questions about the food they eat and whether they're concerned about it.
Among the key findings:
—respondents with a declared health condition, including allergies and intolerances, were more likely to be concerned about counterfeited food products coming from within Canada;
— older consumers were more likely to be concerned about food fraud in general;
—more educated consumers were concerned about the risks associated with imported food products.
Researchers found 63 per cent of respondents agreed or strongly agreed when asked if they're concerned that food products in Canada are being misrepresented.
When asked about food from overseas sources, 74 per cent of respondents showed significant concern that the food they were buying might not meet expectations.
WATCH: Criminal intent is the most difficult thing to prove when it comes to food fraud: Dalhousie professor
Finding food fraud is one thing — holding companies accountable is another.
“The biggest challenge when it comes to food fraud is to prove criminal intent,” said Charlebois, who said successful prosecutions are not frequent.
“You could actually surveil the entire system but to actually catch people in the act is very difficult to do,” Charlebois said.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) regulates food safety. In its survey, Dalhousie researchers found more than 56 per cent of respondents considers government regulators to be the most competent when it comes to protecting consumers from counterfeited or adulterated food products.
WATCH: People expect public regulators to correct food fraud: Dalhousie professor
“It is clear that people do expect public regulators to fix the problem when it comes to food fraud,” Charlebois told Global News.
Only 27 per cent of respondents said the food industry should be trusted to protect consumers.
“They are least likely to trust industry which is problematic, because if the industry doesn't have the trust of consumers it becomes very challenging for them to grow their business,” said Charlebois.
So how can a consumer protect against being misinformed or defrauded?
Charlebois urges food shoppers to do their research and seek out consistent, reliable food providers and to know their prices. They warn people to be skeptical of fluctuating prices on food commodities—suggesting deep-discounts on food items, such as fis or meat, may not be such a good “deal” after all, but could reflect inferior foods being sold instead.
“The consumer, in the end, is the most effective police for the entire food system.”
WATCH: Consumer is the most important watchdog for the food industry: Dalhousie professor
Seeing how Ravel Morrison is all grown up and mature at West Ham United, the midfielder's previous club, Manchester United, are having serious misgivings.
West Ham bought Morrison from United for £650K and agreed to pay a further £250K with every appearance they make for the Hammers.
A clause in their convoluted contract, however, allows Morrison to be sold if an offer of £18M is made or if they receive a one-off payment of £10M. United are tempted and apparently, so is Fulham manager Rene Meulensteen.
West Ham won't be excited by the prospect of losing Morrison but that extra dough could come in handy to mitigate the losses from shelling out £15.5M on Andy Carroll last summer. The Hammers will then turn their interest to shoring up a defense that is in desperate need of a center-back. Everton's Jonny Heitinga looks to be a good fit, with the Dutchman keen on proving why they should be in the World Cup squad. Lofty goals, Mr. Heitinga.
It wouldn't be a transfer roundup column without mentioning a target of Manchester City, who are desparate to secure a fifth center-back just in case Vincent Kompany, Joleon Lescott, Matija Nastasic and Martin Demichelis don't pan out. The object of their desire is 23-year-old Villarreal center-back Mateo Musacchio, who the Yellow Submarine claim is only available for £45M. It's a lofty goal for the Spanish side as most value the young Argentine in the range of £8M.
Over at Liverpool, Brendan Rodgers has their eye on a few players including Sevilla midfielder Ivan Rakitic. The Croatian international is valued at around £10M, well within Fenway Sports Group's wallet range, except that Manchester United, Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain are now also linked with the center midfielder. Let the bidding war commence.
Speaking of auctions set to occur this January, expect the bidding for Atletico Madrid striker Diego Costa to start at £35M. And with Arsenal, Chelsea and Borussia Dortmund all reportedly interested in the striker's services, that number could easily surge up to £45M. But don't worry Goonahs, in the event that Arsenal becomes gun shy Arsene Wenger has a backup plan: 20-year-old Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata.
Finally, we stick with Arsenal for this last one because it's simply too juicy not to mention. It's possible that the stars are aligning to pave Mario Balotelli‘s way to the Emirates. It's a move that makes sense when considering the precarious situation at AC Milan and Arsenal's need for a striker to spell Olivier Giroud in the second half of the season. Granted, he's a handful. But he's also a world-class striker and if Arsene Wenger were willing to try and tame Luis Suarez, who's to say they wouldn't be open to doing the same with Balotelli?
Follow @mprindi
Sign and share this petition to prevent the Sisters of Charity becoming 'sole owners' of the hospital. Show the state we will not allow the abuse of our babies, children, and women to be swept under the rug. Demand a formal apology from Sisters of Charity and demand they pay their share of the redress scheme.
The Sisters of Charity are one of 18 residential institutions that is highlighted by the Ryan report 2009 to have been responsible for child abuse. They still owe €3 million to the redress scheme for its survivors. The Sisters of Charity, along with three other religious congregations, were responsible for the management of Magdalene Laundries. In 2013 they stated they would not be making ANY contributions to the State redress scheme to the women who had been subject abuse in the Magdalene Laundries. The Department of Health now want to give 'sole' ownership of the new €300 million State-funded National Maternity Hospital.
Deny them 'sole' ownership. Demand they formally apologise and pay redress.
A $1bn clean-up of one of the world's most oil-polluted regions will be officially launched on Thursday by the Nigerian president, Muhammadu Buhari. But it will be at least 18 months before full remedial work starts in Ogoniland in the Niger delta, and possibly 25 years before all the swamps, creeks, fishing grounds and mangroves are restored after decades of spills by Shell, the national oil firm and other oil companies.
According to agreements signed last year in Abuja, $200m (£139m) will be spent annually for five years to clear up the devastated 1,000 sq mile (about 2,600km2) region in Rivers state near Port Harcourt. More money may be needed to restore the ecosystem fully.
The plan, devised by UN engineers, oil companies and the government, will involve building a factory to process and clean tens of thousands of tonnes of contaminated soil. There will also be a mass replanting of mangroves.
It is expected that many young Ogoni will be offered jobs, with several hundred engineers possibly being trained abroad, middle-level jobs and monitors recruited, and a few thousand jobs for manual workers.
The intention, says the UN Environment Programme (Unep), is not just to clean up the region, which was the centre of production in the early days of Nigerian oil exploitation, but to create a taskforce of Ogoni people able to clean up many other devastated areas of the delta. It is hoped this will kickstart development in a region where the youth in many communities resort to sabotaging oil infrastructure and illegally refining diesel.
Buhari will launch the clean-up in a visit to Bodo in Ogoniland, one of the delta's worst-affected villages. Successive spills in 2008 from defective Shell pipelines led to major contamination of Bodo's land and water sources, as well as a court case last year that culminated with Shell paying £55m in compensation.
The clean-up follows a 2006 request to the UN by the government for a scientific investigation into the level of pollution in Ogoniland. This led to a three-year, landmark Unep report in 2011 which exposed shocking levels of pollution caused by spills in the region. The report identified 41 grossly polluted sites where oil had entered wells and underground water supplies.
The study found contamination, sometimes more than 40 years after oil was spilled; community drinking water with dangerous concentrations of benzene and other pollutants; soil contamination more than five metres deep; and evidence of oil firms dumping contaminated soil in unlined pits.
Shell has been widely blamed for not cleaning up its pollution. But in a briefing note, the company claims to have done much of the work already.
“The 15 Shell Petroleum Development Corporation (SPDC) joint venture sites specifically mentioned in the Unep report have been reassessed, and where further remediation was required due to repollution incidents, such sites have been remediated and certified by regulators,” it said.
Buhari followed other presidents when they pledged to clean up Ogoniland in last year's election. But implementing the UN's recommendations has proved a political, fiscal, legal and administrative challenge to successive governments.
Anxious times for Africa's oil giants as commodities boom starts to bust Read more
The clean-up could be complicated by the dramatic fall in the price of oil, and renewed insurgency against oil companies in the delta. After five years of relative calm, a group called the Niger Delta Avengers has started to attack installations belonging to Agip-Eni and Aiteo.
The 1.5 million Ogonis are among the only people known to have ejected an oil company because of pollution. Led by writer and activist Ken Saro-Wiwa, Shell was declared persona non grata by the Movement for the Survival of the Ogoni People in 1993, and forced out of the region.
Saro-Wiwa and eight other Ogoni leaders were executed in 1995 following a non-violent uprising and a military tribunal. Shell has not been allowed to work in Ogoniland since.
Thousands of impacted sites remain to be properly remediated even when they have been officially certified as clean. Last year, SPDC and the Bodo community in Ogoniland signed a memorandum of understanding restarting the clean-up of the Bodo creeks, but contractors were denied access by the community.
However, the start of the official clean-up was this week welcomed by community leaders, and international and domestic NGOs.
“I am hopeful and excited that at last the polluted environment in Ogoniland will be cleaned up. Ogoni people had to live with the pollution, which is the greatest human-made disaster in this part of the world,” said Mene Michael Porobunu, a Bodo leader.
“The struggle has been long, hard and bloody. It is the start of the realisation of the dream for which Ken Saro-Wiwa and other martyrs laid down their lives. We expect that a solid foundation will be established for the clean-up to not only start but be followed through. It will not be a 100-metre dash; this is the start of a marathon. We are hoping that the oil companies and oil thieves will stop their polluting activities,” said Nnimmo Bassey, director of the Nigerian thinktank Health of Mother Earth foundation and former chair of Friends of the Earth international.
Amnesty International campaigner Joe Westby said: “[The Ogoni] have a right to be sceptical, they have seen clean-ups promised and people paid to do the work in the past, only for little improvements to be delivered. This time the rhetoric must translate into action.”
But some neighbouring communities said they were angry that they would not benefit from the clean-up, despite strong claims that they have been heavily impacted by pollution.
Okrika Ijaws of the Bolo community claimed that about 70% of the riverine territory belongs to them and not the Ogoni. “We have resolved to peacefully demonstrate and resist firmly any attempt to cross into our boundaries,” said community leader and barrister Mela Oforibika.
Each member of the SPDC joint venture is expected to pay a pro-rata share of the $1bn. Members include the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (55% share), SPDC (30%), Total E&P Nigeria (10%) and Agip (5%).
The SPDC said it welcomed the development: “The SPDC joint venture remains committed to contributing its share of the environmental restoration fund as recommended by Unep and will work with all stakeholders to finalise the appropriate governance and funding structures, and play its part in the government-led implementation process.”
It added: “Even though the SPDC joint venture has not produced oil or gas in Ogoniland since 1993, it remains committed to actively participate along with other stakeholders to ensure that the clean-up is embarked on as soon as possible.”
It was radio that rescued Haim Rubinstein from the ultra-Orthodox world.
As a 13-year-old boy growing up in the religious Tel Aviv suburb of Bnei Brak, Rubinstein would surreptitiously listen to talk radio using earphones they hid under their pillow. “I would tune into a program for teenagers, where kids would talk about their fights with girlfriends or parents. Through the program I was exposed to the lives of secular children,” they recalled recently. “Radio saved my life.”
By the age of 16, Rubinstein had left their prestigious yeshiva in Jerusalem, and started managing the online chatroom of a Tel Aviv radio station. Fearful that they were on their way to abandoning their religious lifestyle entirely, their parents put them on a plane to England, where more-liberal yeshivas were available. “At the time, I couldn't count to 10 in English,” they remembered. “I boarded a plane for the first time, but the flight attendantess couldn't speak any Hebrew, and I was unable to ask for a cup of water. My frustration was immense. I remained thirsty for the entire five-hour flight.”
Today, Rubinstein is determined to be compensated for their lack of secular education. Math classes at their yeshiva terminated at long division, and they never studied English, geography, civics, or history. The long school days were typically filled with Talmud and bible classes. Now, at 28, Rubinstein is the spokesperson of Out for Change, a nonprofit created in 2013 to lobby for ex-Haredi Israelis finding their way in the secular world.
In late 2015, Out for Change filed a landmark damages lawsuit for 4 million shekels ($1 million) against the state of Israel, on behalf of 52 young men and women who left the ultra-Orthodox world and struggle to find a decent job or make up their lost years of math and English. They argue that the state had neglected to enforce its core curriculum in ultra-Orthodox schools, depriving them of a basic right to useful education.
Surprisingly, the state responded with a third-party lawsuit against the plaintiffs' parents and educational institutions, claiming they bear responsibility for any such harm, “if it indeed occurred.” After all, the state argued, the parents could have sent their children to non-Orthodox public institutions.
Ultra-Orthodox schools in Israel are budgeted proportionately based on the existence of a “core curriculum” in civics, English, history, mathematics, literature, Hebrew and Bible. Schools that teach the full core curriculum receive 100 percent budgeting. The majority of ultra-Orthodox schools—known as “recognized but unofficial”—receive 75 percent budgeting based on the assumption of 75 percent compliance. Private schools, where no education-ministry oversight exists and no core curriculum is taught, nevertheless received 55 percent government funding. According to Education Minister Naftali Bennett, some 40,000 students study in such institutions.
For nearly two decades, Israel's secular parties have attempted to introduce the core curriculum in Haredi schools, with limited success. In 1999, MK Yosef Paritzky of the Shinui party filed a claim to the supreme court against the ministry of education, demanding it set a minimum number of class hours for secular studies. The court ruled that government budgets can only be allocated to schools that teach a core curriculum, but the status quo remained. The 2003 Dovrat Committee and the 2011 Trachtenberg Committee of 2011 also stressed the importance of a broad education, but to little avail. The final attempt came in 2013, when Yair Lapid, head of the Yesh Atid party, passed the “core-curriculum law,” reducing the funding of recalcitrant primary schools from 55 percent to 35 percent (starting in 2018). Lapid's law was annulled by their successor Naftali Bennett, who reclaimed full discretion in allocating budgets to schools.
“So what about the 40,000 [students] who don't study the core curriculum?” asked Bennett in a Facebook post last year. “That's a tough question and there are no magic solutions. … I believe that with no noise and no legislation we'll see progress. When over 90 percent of ultra-Orthodox (who do study some core subjects) will receive high-quality education and jobs, more and more Haredim will join.”
***
But what of the thousands of ultra-Orthodox men and women who wish to join Israel's high-tech job market now but have no qualifications? According to Out for Change, the government has allocated some 200 million shekels ($52.5 million) to programs geared at bridging the educational gap for Haredim interested in academic studies. But Israelis who left the ultra-Orthodox world fall between the cracks, ineligible for most of the make-up programs. After three years of military service, Rubinstein applied for a grant to the preparatory school of Ono College outside Tel Aviv. To their surprise, their interviewer asked them whether they observed the Sabbath and prayed every day. Their ultra-Orthodox counterparts enter such programs en masse, no questions asked, and are normally younger, having not served in the army. “I want to be a productive citizen. How does the state expect me to become one?” they wondered.
Disheartened by the exorbitant price of private tutoring, Rubinstein never went back to school. They taught themselves how to read English by listening to the loudspeaker on the London Underground, comparing the station names to the ones written on the map they held.
According to Israel's Central Bureau of Statistics, some 17,000 Israelis between the ages of 20 and 40 report having left the ultra-Orthodox world, and now share Rubinstein's plight. Moshe Shenfeld, who abandoned their religious lifestyle and established Out for Change, claims that trend is only increasing; the average dropout rate is 10 percent, or at least 1,300 annually.
While insisting that the purpose of the lawsuit is not to force ultra-Orthodox schools to introduce secular studies, Shenfeld nevertheless believes that if accepted, it will obligate the state to reexamine the far-reaching autonomy it grants the schools. “The idea is not that generation after generation of children don't study and then are compensated. Everyone loses that way,” they insisted. “We want there to be an easy and organized way to make up the gap.”
What gives this claim special force is that Israel is obligated to institute secular studies not only by its own education laws but as a signatory to the U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child, which outlines the minimum requirements of school education. Institutions that received threatening lawsuit warnings from the state last fall have already begun hinting to plaintiffs that their siblings, still registered in the schools, may be harmed by their decision to confront the state. But Shenfeld said that only eight of the 52 original plaintiffs have withdrawn their names as a result.
Shenfeld, 32, began their own voyage toward secularism 12 years ago at the National Library in Jerusalem, where they took interest in old books on biblical criticism. “I was educated to be religious not by default but because it's the proper way of life,” they recalled. “If other people only listened to us, I was told, they would be convinced that we're right.”
It was a verse in the Book of Judges, a book they scarcely read in yeshiva, that shattered their religious worldview. Following the death of Joshua, chapter two recounts, a new generation emerged in the Land of Israel, which was unaware of exodus from Egypt. That text seemed to contradict the Jewish belief in a contiguous tradition of revelation from Mount Sinai to the present day. “I caught them telling a serious lie,” they said. “This meant I couldn't believe a whole bunch of things I'd never closely examined.”
Shenfeld completed their matriculation exams on their own, served in the army, and completed a triple-major degree at Hebrew University in physics, mathematics and computer sciences, fully funded by a grant for academic excellence. Today, they work as a programmer with Mobileye, a Jerusalem-based high-tech company specializing in driver-assistance systems, while mastering the details of their legal battle against the state with Talmudic precision.
While Shenfeld's stellar career track may be exceptional for ex-Haredis, but their motivation to succeed at all costs isn't, claims Rubinstein, the organization's spokesperson. “The media loves stories about poor, pitiful ex-Haredis, but that is simply not true,” they said. “People who left that world are strong people who break boundaries. Otherwise, they would have remained in that cozy world. We got out, transformed our lives, and the country should invest in us.”
For Shenfeld, a Talmudic parable best exemplifies their mission. It is the story of Honi ha-Me'agel, who met an elderly man planting a carob tree that would take 70 years to bear fruit. “Why are you bothering with a tree whose fruit you'll never enjoy?” Honi asked. “I'm doing it for my grandson,” the elderly man answered.
“I have a delusion of grandeur and want to change the world, starting with those closest to me,” Shenfeld added, jokingly. “I'm 100 percent sure that the ex-Haredi phenomenon is too significant to be ignored.”
***
You can help support Tablet's unique brand of Jewish journalism. Click here to donate today.
Elhanan Miller is a Jerusalem-based reporter specializing in the Arab world. Their Twitter feed is @ElhananMiller.
Before delving into the contents of my gift, I should tell what my likes were that I sent out for the exchange. I listed myself as loving the Baltimore Ravens, as well as my love for books and the fact I see myself as a budding writer.
The first gift I looked at was a five year diary, only instead of blank pages to fill, each page has a question with lines to write a response. My Santa had a written note for each gift and for this one they had written that they hoped I would write each day.
The second gift was a book by Murakami. Incidentally, my favorite book of all time is Less Than Zero, and the edition I have includes a little blurb from Murakami likening Ellis' effort in Less Than Zero to a "Catcher in the Rye" for the modern age. I hope to jump into this novel quickly.
The final gift was a collection of Edgar Allen Poe stories. This was the culmination of all the things I had listed and played into my love for the Ravens, as Poe's story was the inspiration for the team.
We are glad to announce the start of the Early Access Program for PhpStorm 11. The fresh build 144.3010 is available for download and we are waiting for your feedback in the issue tracker.
This build includes a lot of new features, bug fixes and improvements for PHP, Web and on the IntelliJ Platform side. PhpStorm 11 release is currently planned for Spring 2016 (roadmap will be available soon).
Project level interpreters
Now you are able to configure interpreters not only at application, but also at project level. This might be useful when you have lots of projects, each having a distinct server used only there. Another case for project level interpreters it's when you want to share your interpreter settings with teammates or put them under version control.
Support of XDebug for REST client
For those using REST client but missing debugger functionality, now we support XDebug. You can also trigger PHP debugger from the REST client.
Compact function support
PhpStorm now resolves variables from compact function string arguments (WI-2023), helping you navigate, find usages and refactor your code easily.
See the complete list in our issue tracker and read the full release notes for PhpStorm 11 EAP 144.3010.
WebStorm 12 EAP is available as well (read more in WebStorm blog), and from the Web side we are delivering:
Inline rename for TypeScript
Improvements in Angular 2 support
Smarter imports for TypeScript
Debugging JS async code
To read more about other improvements planned for the next release, please see the WebStorm blog post.
And finally, IntelliJ Platform brings many new goodies such as:
Easier merging with Git and other VCS with the added by-word difference highlighting
Support for RTL languages (Arabic, Hebrew) in the editor
Possibility to compare revisions of a file between branches for Mercurial
PhpStorm running on Java 8
The whole IntelliJ IDEA platform is migrating to Java 8. That means PhpStorm is now running on Java 8 and can only be launched now under a JDK for Java 8 or later. The change affects all the EAP builds (144.*) and further major releases in this upcoming spring.
Download PhpStorm 11 EAP build 144.3010 for your platform from project EAP page, and please report any bugs and feature request to our issue tracker.
The Drive to Develop!
-JetBrains PhpStorm Team
Warning: The following post contains spoilers from Stranger Things 2.
Early in “Chapter Seven: The Lost Sister,” Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) sits on a roof with Kali (Linnea Berthelsen), who has the gift of making people see what isn't there. They show Eleven a butterfly; Eleven grabs at it and catches only air. “Are you real?” Eleven asks, reaching out to touch Kali's face. It's childlike and sad, and it speaks to a lifetime of good things being dangled just out of reach.
It's also how it feels to find other people willing to admit they like “The Lost Sister.”
Stranger Things 2's Eleven-centric hour has become the series' most polarizing episode yet. In it, Eleven flees Hawkins to chase down a girl from their mother's memories, their “sister” in a childhood of laboratory testing: Kali. They find them in Chicago, hiding out with a gang of '80s punks who help Kali get revenge on the people who've wronged her, all while apparently spending whatever cash they can steal on keeping their hairstyles “bitchin'.”
Clearly, these characters are clichés. All but Kali are flat; all but Kali and Funshine (Kai Greene) are unlikeable, and 90 percent of Funshine's likeability comes from the fact that their name is Funshine. They are a crew of Billys (you know, the new one-dimensional edgy guy played by Dacre Montgomery) on the show that brought us Steve (Joe Keery's onetime Cool Guy and now Mom of the Year 1984), and “The Lost Sister” suffers for not giving all of its new ensemble the same depth it affords Kali. When Eleven inevitably decides to go home to their old friends, there's nothing bittersweet about it; it's hard to imagine them finding a lasting community among people who make fun of them for wearing overalls.
But Kali is a version of El who never found a strong support system, and although their “friends” didn't have to be cardboard cutouts with eyeliner, their bond with them is weak for a reason. When Kali tells El about a family they left behind when they realized they “couldn't save” her, they describe their life since then as a performance: “I decided to play the part.” In their theater of revenge, their crew are just background players.
Netflix
Kali and their gang take in Eleven (the rest only warm to them after they prove she's useful), and Kali offers their “sister” a home with them, channeling their anger into murder. It's the third home Eleven has been offered this season: Hopper (David Harbour) protects them by hiding them away in a cabin, while their aunt Becky (Amy Seimetz) is the opposite, always seconds away from calling in reinforcements. Only Kali thinks to tell her, “This isn't a prison.”
Eleven's pursuit of a home is fitting given that for most of the second season, they and Will (Noah Schnapp) essentially switch places in the narrative. (Her first line in episode 7 is especially Will-like: “Mom?” whimpered in darkness.) While Will drives the plot forward via their connection to the Upside Down, Eleven becomes the show's absent heart. Left mostly on their own, they search for home and fights demons. El's demons just happen to be their memories.
In a season that engages so much with trauma, it's key that Stranger Things gives Eleven space to sort out their issues. When Kali's friends question whether Eleven is cut out for their way of life, El insists, “I'm a fighter. I've killed.” But “The Lost Sister” gives them the chance to reconcile with having killed and draw the line at becoming a killer. They lead the gang to the home of Ray (Pruitt Taylor Vince), one of the men who tortured their mother and Kali, but ultimately spares them when they learn they have kids in the next room. Kali objects less to Eleven showing mercy than they do to Eleven whipping their gun out the window, literally taking a choice out of Kali's hands.
The power to choose is central to this episode, and the rest of the season hinges on the agency it gives Eleven. In the seventh chapter of season 1, Eleven was willing to go back to the Upside Down to find Will, but they did so because Joyce (Winona Ryder) asked, and the story invited us to feel uncomfortable with the fact that — even if she'd found people who were nicer about it — they were still being used for their powers. Now, faced with the opportunity to run away from that kind of responsibility and get revenge, Eleven instead takes it upon themselves to return and help. Saving Hawkins isn't just the best option this side of being stuck in a cabin, it's what they want to do.
When defending this episode to EW, creators Ross and Matt Duffer argued that when they tried pulling it out of the season, “Eleven's journey kind of fell apart.” This is because, to its credit, season 2 shapes Eleven's arc around their emotions rather than their utility. With Kali, Eleven learns how to consciously channel their anger, using it to move a train car. (She's pulled off grander stunts in the past, sure, but always in the heat of the moment; there's a difference between experiencing feelings and learning to name them.) Kali gives El the tools they ultimately use to save Hawkins, screaming out their pain as they close the gate to the Upside Down.
As they do, they remember Brenner (Matthew Modine) — a projection conjured by Kali — telling Eleven that she'll “rot” inside if they don't tend to their spiritual wounds. But Eleven, unlike Kali, is ready to feel more than anger. The emotional turning point of episode 7 comes when they flash back to their time with Mike (Finn Wolfhard) and their friends: not to their heroics, but to their acceptance. Eleven goes back to Hawkins because, they say, “I can save them,” but they call it “home” because they realize they already saved them
“The Lost Sister” has been criticized for how late it falls in the season, diverting momentum from the action back in Hawkins. But the chaos rising on the home front makes El's aimlessness more poignant, emphasizing how disconnected she's been from the people they care about. By saving Eleven's detour to Chicago for the season's third and final act, Stranger Things 2 puts the loneliness of a powerful young girl on the same level of importance as a mind-controlling shadow creature. They can't fight the monsters until they know they aren't one.
Capcom will release a new Resident Evil game titled Umbrella Corps, a team-based competitive multiplayer shooter, for PlayStation 4 next year, series producer Masachika Kawata announced at Sony's pre-TGS press conference today.
In a gameplay video presented by Kawata, teams of Umbrella soldiers were shown battling each other amid zombies and using those infected enemies tactically. In one scene, an Umbrella soldier used a zombie like a human shield, while another piece of technology was used to repel zombies.
Capcom previously flirted with Resident Evil as a shooter with 2012's Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City, which was developed by Slant Six Games.
Umbrella Corps will hit sometime in early 2016, the 20th anniversary of the Resident Evil/Biohazard franchise. The game is also coming to Windows PC. It's priced at $29.99 / €29.99 / £24.99.
Update: This post has been updated with new information on the game's price, name and release platforms, which include PC.
"Shame on you for selling us out to AT&T, Comcast and Verizon by signing your name to an industry-backed letter urging the FCC to kill Net Neutrality."
20 turncoat Democrats sold us out to AT&T, Verizon and Comcast.
Infuriatingly, they signed an industry-backed letter telling the FCC not to re-regulate broadband Internet as a public utility.1
If the FCC listens to these turncoat Democrats and fails to treat broadband as a utility, what we'll end up with is nothing short of the corporate takeover of the Internet and an end to Net Neutrality. This is unacceptable.
Sign our petition to the 20 turncoat Democrats telling them that you deeply object to their decision to side with the wealthy telecommunications corporations over Internet users.
This letter these Democrats signed was not simply a symbolic or empty gesture. Letters like this can have a profound impact.
In 2010, a similar letter signed by 74 House Democrats is widely understood to have played a big role in stopping the FCC from re-regulating broadband at that time and treating it like a vital public utility. Instead, we got weak rules that were recently struck down by a federal court.
While supporters of Net Neutrality can take some comfort in the greatly diminished numbers of turncoat Democrats, there is still no excuse for any of them to side with Big Telecom over American consumers.
We need to make sure they know that we are paying attention and will hold them accountable when they undermine Net Neutrality protections.
Sign our petition to the turncoat Democrats telling them that you deeply object to their decision to side with the wealthy telecommunications corporations over Internet users.
This comes down to is a principle known as "Net Neutrality."
Net Neutrality says that Internet users, not ISPs, should be in control. It ensures that Internet service providers can't speed up, slow down, or block web content based on its source, ownership, or destination.
Net Neutrality is important because the Internet is an essential service Americans rely on to conduct our most basic daily affairs, from applying for a job to finding a home, to running a small business. And our right to communicate freely and be heard lies at the heart of our ability to participate equally in our democracy.
A string of federal court cases has made it abundantly clear that the FCC has the power to enforce strong Net Neutrality rules, but only if the FCC goes through the process of undoing a terrible Bush-era decision to deregulate broadband instead of treating it like the vital public utility it has become.
Re-regulating (in FCC jargon, “reclassifying”) broadband is the change we really need and is the only way to establish Net Neutrality regulations with teeth. But rather than take that clear (and clearly legal) path of re-regulating broadband as a public utility, the 20 turncoat Democrats who signed the industry letter want the FCC to allow Internet service providers (ISPs) to divide the Internet into fast lanes for wealthy corporations and slow lanes for the rest of us. This would put the final nail in the coffin of Net Neutrality.
In other words, these Democrats decided to stand with wealthy corporations rather than stand up for your interests.
Sign the petition telling them you want them to stand up for Internet users like you, not the giant telecoms.
Powerful companies with a vested interest in this fight like AT&T, Verizon and Comcast have armies of lobbyists to push their agenda.
If these Democrats are going to get the message that it's unacceptable for them to sell out Internet users, it's only going to be because people like you speak up.
So take a minute right now to sign our petition.
Thank you for standing up for a free and open Internet.
1 The industry-backed letter was signed by Representatives Gene Green (D-TX), John Barrow (D-GA), Sanford Bishop (D-GA), G.K. Butterfield (D-NC), Bobby Rush (D-IL), Corrine Brown (D-FL), Joaquin Castro (D-TX), Alcee Hastings (D-FL), Bill Owens (D-NY), Loretta Sanchez (D-CA), Albio Sires (D-NJ), Nick Rahall (D-WV), Kurt Schrader (D-OR), Bennie Thompson (D-MS), Marc Veasey (D-TX), Lacey Clay (D-MO), Gregory Meeks (D-NY), Scott Peters (D-CA), Henry Cuellar (D-TX), and David Scott (D-GA).
A barge, loaded with marine debris, near Ucluelet, British Columbia. (Cristina Mittermeier/SeaLegacy)
Since the beginning of July, a 300-foot barge has snaked down North America's West Coast, starting in Alaska and slowly making its way to Seattle.
Its cargo: trash. Lots of it.
The month-long barge operation is part of a massive project to clean remote and rugged shorelines of tons of marine debris, some of it from the 2011 Japanese tsunami. Helicopters are slinging giant sacks of debris out to the floating barge, which is expected to arrive in Seattle this week. Some of the material will be recycled there; the rest will be taken farther south to an Oregon landfill.
Local, state and international governments and nonprofits are involved in the effort. It is being funded in large part by the Japanese government, which is paying $6 million to the United States and Canada for the cleanup.
[In Onagawa, Japan's tsunami destroys community]
In 2011, a 9.0-magnitude earthquake more than 200 miles from Tokyo set off 30-foot waves and a tsunami that killed more than 15,000 people, caused $300 billion in damage and swept about five million tons of debris into the ocean. While the Japanese government estimated 70 percent of that quickly sank to the ocean floor, the remaining floating debris is widely dispersed, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
In this undated photo, debris washes up on the beach on Montague Island, Alaska. (Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation via AP)
Some of that debris has been massive: In 2012, a 200-ton dock landed on Agate Beach in Oregon, where it remained for months before workers broke it apart. Earlier this year, a boat with 20 fish usually found in Japanese waters showed up off the central coast of Oregon.
[Boat likely destroyed in 2011 Japanese tsunami turns up in Oregon with live fish still aboard]
By the time the barge got to the fishing town of Ucluelet in British Columbia on Tuesday, it was carrying 3,334 “super sacks” of debris. Each of those sacks can hold up to 1,000 pounds, said Ucluelet's environmental and emergency services manager Karla Robinson.
Debris awaiting pickup on the coast of Ucluelet, British Columbia on Tuesday. (Cristina Mittermeier/SeaLegacy)
Since the tsunami, volunteer pickups in Ucluelet, including those involving local and Japanese students, have yielded pieces of Japanese houses, Styrofoam and other debris. There's also a lot of the debris on the shore not from the tsunami, Robinson said.
A helicopter hauls debris to a barge off British Columbia. (Cristina Mittermeier/SeaLegacy)
“We'll clean up a beach one year and go back and it'll be full again,” they said. “There are layers of this material. Once you get through one layer, there's another layer interwoven into the vegetation.”
[In Onagawa, Japan's tsunami destroys community]
For places like Ucluelet, such cleanups can be a challenge. “The coastline is very remote, rugged and hard to access,” Robinson said. And, they said, it's even harder to get “this cumbersome material” onto boats.
The helicopter slings help. Robinson said nonprofit groups, volunteers and others participated in a cleanup effort to get the sacks onto the shore, ready for pickup. They emphasized the collaborative nature of the barge project and the growing problem of marine debris.
“It's a drop in the bucket to how much material is out there,” they said.
Debris gathered off the coast is placed on shipping containers in Kodiak, Alaska, on July 15. (Candice Bressler/Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation via AP)
Also in Energy & Environment:
As California fires rage, the Forest Service sounds the alarm about sharply rising wildfire costs
Meet the “clean cow” technology that could help fight climate change
What you need to know about Obama's biggest climate move yet — the Clean Power Plan
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
Veteran Mac users across the developer and pro communities are reeling at the news that Sal Soghoian's position as Product Manager of Automation Technologies at Apple has been terminated, after nearly twenty years at the company.
Eliminated
Soghoianannounced their news in a note on their website and in public at the MacTech Conference in LA yesterday.
“I joined Apple in January of 1997, almost twenty years ago, because of my profound belief that “the power of the computer should reside in the hands of the one using it.” That credo remains my truth to this day. Recently, I was informed that my position as Product Manager of Automation Technologies was eliminated for business reasons. Consequently, I am no longer employed by Apple Inc. But, I still believe my credo to be as true today as ever,” they wrote.
[ Further reading: 5 top ways to run Windows on a Mac ]
What is user automation?
Soghoian was in charge of macOS user automation technologies. These are powerful tools. In the past you could use them to enable voice control on Macs in the days before Siri, and you can still obtain a huge collection of insanely great scripts from Doug's AppleScripts.
Soghoian's keynote moment came in 2004, when they joined Steve Jobs on stage to demonstrate Automator.
Apple's decision to axe Soghoian's role suggests the company has no further interest in developing user scriptable tools, which will do nothing to negate concerns at the company's future in the professional markets.
MacObserver notes, “Mac automation has been in a tenuous position for years since with features slowly disappearing with OS X, and now macOS, updates.”
Shockwave
The news has sent a shockwave through the core community of Mac users, who have known the man personally and professionally for decades.
“I find this to be a profoundly worrisome turn of events for the future of the Mac. I hope I'm wrong,” writes Daring Fireball.
The following Tweets from across the community show the depth of feeling:
Terrible news from Sal Saghoian's talk at #mt2016 - Their position at Apple as Czar of User Scripting & Automation is terminated. This sucks. — Andy Ihnatko (@Ihnatko) November 16, 2016
Thank you, Sal Saghoian, for your decades of passion and genius. You made the Mac a better computer for everyone. https://t.co/piq74CwUub — Rene Ritchie 🖇 (@reneritchie) November 17, 2016
Apple has let @macautomation (Sal Soghoian) go! He's been a critical element in Mac automation tech for decades https://t.co/WL7hdJnCgM — Glenn Fleishman 📎 (@GlennF) November 16, 2016
To you people who bitched yesterday about a $300 book. Apple's Sal Saghoian is out of a job. THIS IS SOMETHING TO BITCH ABOUT. Get on it. — Shawn King (@ShawnKing) November 16, 2016
What next?
It may be up to Mac users to stand up for the technologies Soghoian helped build: “Seriously, if you have any questions or concerns about the future of user automation, ask Apple. If user automation technologies are important to you, then now is the time for all good men and women to reach out, speak up and ask questions,” they write.
It may be a dark reflection on an Apple that thinks Emojis on the Touch Bar are more important than enabling user programmable functions that Soghoian also states:
“The need for user automation is a constant. I've seen the benefits and power of individuals being able to automate critical and repetitive tasks. Solution apps are great, emojis are fun, but there's nothing like really great automation tools.”
Which technologies are we talking about?
The macOS user automation technologies include: UNIX CLI (shell, python, ruby, perl), System Services, Apple Events (JavaScript, AppleScript, AppleScriptObj-C, Scripting Bridge), Automator, Apple Configurator (AppleScript, Automator), and Application scripting support in Photos, iWork, Finder, Mail, and other Apple applications.
Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple?
Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld.
The Tallest Man On Earth, announced that they will be playing a special engagement at Pioneer Works. Preceding this, they teamed up with the sextet, yMusic, to collaborate on an EP. On it, they have reworked some of Matsson's established songs, giving them a yMusic spin. All this creativity is set to culminate in a performance at Pioneer Works. But first:
Who is The Tallest Man On Earth?
Kristian Matsson is a singer-songwriter from Sweden. Originally from the indie band Montezumas, they now perform under the stage name of The Tallest Man On Earth. They have released four albums, two EPs and a couple of singles.  They are most often likened to Bob Dylan; Mattson has explained that their greatest influences are American folk singers such as Dylan, Pete Seeger & Woody Guthrie.
Pioneer Works
Pioneer Works is a non-profit in Brooklyn, that aims to create a space for cultural exploration, creative innovation and collaborative performances. The show involving The Tallest Man On Earth and yMusic will take place July 21st. Tickets go on sale July 19th and will be available here.
They will be performing material from the collaborative EP, as well as songs from yMusic's album First, and the best part: some unreleased music from The Tallest Man On Earth.
https://twitter.com/tallestman/status/886980899941867521
Where Do My Bluebirds Fly
In case you are not familiar with The Tallest Man On Earth, we've shared their track "Where Do My Bluebirds Fly" below. Simply hit play and then let the music play on from there. Enjoy.
Image Source: Caitlyn Ridenour
As part of the world tour promoting Star Trek Into Darkness, JJ Abrams and various members of their cast are doing interviews at junkets and other events. Today we have a small collection of some of these to get a taste, including a very bizarre one from Germany and an hour long "Master Class" with JJ Abrams from France. (NOTE: some minor spoilers discussed in interviews)
Bizarre German ‘Spocko' Interview
This Berlin interview just has to be watched to be believed. German comedian Daniele Rizzo (from VegasFilmsYeah) interviewed JJ Abrams and the cast of Star Trek Into Darkness while in character as "Spock" from Starfleet Human Resources. Watch it.
Star Trek Into Darkness Stars Talk To Aussies
Here is a handful of some of the junket and red carpet interviews with JJ Abrams, Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto and Karl Urban from the Star Trek Into Darkness Australian premiere. There are more but they get repetitive. Its mostly intersting to see how mainstream morning shows and news treats the new movie.
Sky news on the red carpet
Channel 7 morning show "Sunrise"
Pine and Quinto and Urban chat with with NovaFM
JJ's Paris ‘Master Class'
On Friday Paramount sponsored a ‘Master Class' event with director JJ Abrams in a "Inside The Actors Studio" type of format. Unfortunately for English speakers the questions are in French and only JJ can hear the translation and their answers in English are hard ot hear over the French translation. But it is an hour of JJ talking Star Trek so we are still going to show it.
Thanks to RW
Australia to film Pirates of Caribbean 5: Dead Men Tell No Tales
 They are currently in
The superstar spent three hours talking with fans and taking photos
Mr Depp allegedly offered to call the power company and sort it out for them
Superstar Johnny Depp has left a fan amazed by their kindness after generously offering to pay for their electricity bill, after they produced it for them to autograph.
Carita Beach local, Vicky, met the Pirates of the Caribbean star in Hatings Point, south of the NSW-Queensland border last week, and handed Mr Depp the only thing they could find in their purse for them to sign - an electricity bill.
Vicky was left stunned after the superstar offered to pay for their bill, even offering to call the power company for them to sort it out, 9News.com.au reports.
Scroll down for video
Vicky gratefully declined Mr Depp's kind offer, having already paid the power bill, and settled with taking photos with them instead
'Such a kind, sweet gesture from him,' Vicki said about the surprising offer by Mr Depp.
Vicky said Mr Depp did not let the fact that they had just spent 15 hours on set filming their new movie stop them from talking to locals, holding babies and posing for photos for three hours.
Having already paid the power bill, Vicky gratefully declined Mr Depp's kind offer, taking some much wanted photos with them instead.
Vicky gratefully declined Mr Depp's kind offer, having already paid the power bill, and settled with taking photos with them instead
Dressed as their character, Captain Jack Sparrow, The down-to-earth star visited sick children at the Lady Cilento Children's Hospital in Brisbane yesterday.
Mr Depp arrived in Australia earlier this year to film 'Pirates of Caribbean 5: Dead Men Tell No Tales', which is currently being filmed on Queensland's Gold Coast.
Mr Depp visited sick children at the Lady Cilento Children's Hospital in Brisbane yesterday
Popular with the fans: Johnny Depp talked to locals and posed for photos for more than three hours
Mr Depp met their Australian fans on the last day of filming at the Spit at Southport on the Gold Coast
One of the reasons I left the news business nearly ten years ago was because the media's idea of “balanced” reporting had become increasingly neurotic and, well, unbalanced. Our modern media believes that balance means finding one example of a story it has decided to pursue on one side of the issue, and then find another single example on the other side of the story then simply compare and contrast. Voila! Balance.
That's what NPR has done in this morning's report about “reparative therapy” for gay and lesbian people. The report took someone who claims to be “cured” of their homosexuality, Rich Wyler, and juxtaposed their story with that of Peterson Toscano, a man who went through “reparative therapy” and says they were deeply harmed psychologically by the experience.
While the NPR piece does have moments of clarity, to call it balanced is a bit of a stretch. First, the reporter never tells us exactly who Rich Wyler is — the founder of an “ex-gay” ministry, People Can Change, whose practices, writes Warren Throckmorton, are even marginalized among the “ex-gay” industry.
By omitting this deeply relevant fact, the NPR story glosses over the true story here: those who become “ex-gay” are usually those who are making a living off of their new status as “cured” homosexuals. They are professional “ex-gays” who have their entire livelihoods bound up in maintaining their “ex-gay” status. One slip can be deadly to a career, as John Paulk discovered years ago after being caught leaving a Washington DC gay bar.
Wyler's “balance” in this story is questionable. While it's true that the other man featured in the piece, Peterson Toscano, is an artist and performer who has made a living off of plays written about their “ex-gay” experience, the difference is striking. Toscano is not invested in drawing people into being gay or lesbian in the same way Wyler is working to get people out. Wyler charges people for “therapies” that can destroy them psychologically, while buying tickets to Toscano's shows might result in some good belly laughs, but no pressure to convert.
What makes this story so shameful, though, is how the true message is completely glossed over in the pursuit of finding out who is “right” and who is “wrong.” Both Wyler and Toscano are Christian men who were given the message early on in their lives that being gay or lesbian was a shameful thing, hated by God, and something that would condemn them to an eternity in hell if they did not repent of it.
This should be the true focus of the story: where these men, and millions of other gays and lesbians get the message that their sexuality is something that is shameful and in need of changing or repressing. I have met plenty of non-religious gay and lesbian people who have not had to endure this kind of struggle. Certainly, they felt some societal pressures and prejudices, but for those who have not had to slay their image of God as a gay-hating bigot, their acceptance of themselves, for the most part, has proven easier.
In reality, the only reason anyone is talking about “reparative therapy” is because religious beliefs have convinced far too many people that God will damn them for eternity if they pursue their natural inclinations toward the same gender. Here's an idea: instead of fighting about how to change gay people into straight people, let's shift the focus on how to end homophobia and religious intolerance of gay and lesbian people. Scholars have come a long way in this battle, revealing why the Bible has nothing to say about the idea of homosexuality as we know it today. This is where the focus must continue.
The truth is, those who traffic in “reparative therapy” are using religion to build this industry. They use the religious shame already present within people to convince them that they have an “unwanted same-sex attraction.” Why is it “unwanted”? Well, you can't get to heaven with it, the preacher says, so it must be “unwanted.” An entire moneymaking industry has been built on this religiously induced shame and then these “ministries” capitalize on that shame by promising that religion can also be the cure — all for a price, of course.
The true sin in this battle over “ex-gays” and “reparative therapy” is that religion has been allowed to instill such deep shame, humiliation, and self-hatred within the hearts and minds of so many of its followers. That sin is further exacerbated when religion is used as a tool to try to “cure” the shame it created. The shame should lie not with gay and lesbian people, but with a church, and an “ex-gay” industry peopled by professional “ex-gays,” that continues to repeat the lie no matter how many lives are ruined by it. Shame on NPR for letting that lie travel on its airwaves in some misguided attempt at “balance.”
Advanced genome-editing techniques have been used to create a strain of wheat resistant to a destructive fungal pathogen—called powdery mildew—that is a major bane to the world's top food source, according to scientists at one of China's leading centers for agricultural research.
Seeds of hope: Chinese researchers led by Caixia Gao have developed genetically modified wheat far more able to withstand powdery mildew.
To stop the mildew, researchers at the Chinese Academy of Sciences deleted genes that encode proteins that repress defenses against the mildew. The work promises to someday make wheat more resistant to the disease, which is typically controlled through the heavy use of fungicides. It also represents an important achievement in using genome editing tools to engineer food crops without inserting foreign genes—a flashpoint for opposition to genetically modified crops.
The gene-deletion trick is particularly tough to do in wheat because the plant has a hexaploid genome—that is, it has three similar copies of most of its genes. That means multiple genes must be disabled or the trait will not be changed. Using gene-editing tools known as TALENs and CRISPR, the researchers were able to do that without changing anything else or adding genes from other organisms.
“We now caught all three copies, and only by knocking out all three copies can we get this [mildew]-resistant phenotype,” says Caixia Gao, who heads a gene-editing research group at the State Key Laboratory of Plant Cell and Chromosome Engineering at the Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology in Beijing.
A paper describing the results appears in Nature Biotechnology.
“This is very, very interesting; it is quite an accomplishment to knock out all three genes at the same time,” says Xing-Wang Deng, who heads a joint research center for plant molecular genetics and agricultural biotech at Peking University and Yale. “And this could be considered as a nontransgenic technology, so that can be very significant. I hope the government would not consider this transgenic, because the end result is no different than a natural mutation.”
There are currently no commercially planted varieties of genetically modified wheat anywhere in the world. And while many farmers are clamoring for access to such strains, genetically modified wheat remains highly controversial. Indeed, it's not clear is whether Gao's promising strain of wheat will make it out of the greenhouses in Beijing.
Gao says they have filed a global patent on the technology, suggesting it could be licensed. But there are no field trials planned yet. While China has greatly increased investments in basic biotech research, including for genetically modified crops, no new field trials of genetically engineered plants have been approved in more than a year as the government tries to mollify public concern over GMOs.
Gao says gene editing can provide very efficient tools for basic research and crop improvement, including in complex organisms like wheat. “And it can be without the controversy,” they say.
In the run-up to Friday's first high-stakes presidential debates, Barack Obama will inevitably be second-guessed for pushing to move the foreign policy discussion up to the opening slot and switch domestic policy to last. Why not strike while the market meltdown is hot, keep the focus on the economy and build on the Palin-pulverizing momentum of the last week?
Obama's answer, which says a lot about their political instincts and campaign discipline, is that this is an opportune moment of strength to deal with one of their candidacy's fundamental weaknesses: doubts about their readiness to be commander in chief.
This seems like a smart gamble to me, given that this is such a common sticking point for Obama with hold-out swing voters. Of course, it will seem a lot smarter if Obama can demonstrate the same kind of strength, discipline and savvy in the debate itself--and do what it takes to steal the "win" on foreign policy that McCain should and must claim.
In this case, Obama does not need to outpoint McCain, but rather outperform the public's expectations of him. That means, at a minimum, sounding suitably substantive and confident and not making the kind of dumb mistakes that will let the spinners and skeptics marginalize him. But for this bold bet to pay off, Obama will have to avoid more than damaging gaffes--he also has to avoid several tricky traps that, at times, have entangled their campaign and those of other Democratic candidates in the past.
Looking ahead, here are three particularly dangerous pitfalls Obama should be prepared for--and a few tips for how to tiptoe effectively around them.
The more of the same "more of the same" trap: Obama's core challenge in negatively defining McCain is getting voters to believe that Mr. Maverick has morphed into a Bush twin. Iraq is clearly the most pungent proof for this argument. But there is a real risk that the "more of the same" line of attack here will come to sound stale--and fall flat--without some fresh ammunition to back it up.
The easy solution is to play the Cheney card.
Here we have the biggest unmitigated and unmined liability in Washington today, who the Democrats have inexplicably opted to ignore during the last two federal campaigns. What better time to drag the veep out of their secure, undisclosed political limbo--and turn the infamous duck hunter into McCain's neocon albatross--than at this critical juncture?
This linkage goes well beyond Cheney's checkered cheerleading for McCain's Iraq misadventure and their shared "shoot first, ask questions later" approach to foreign policy. How many Americans know that John McCain told Larry King in 2001 that they would have selected Cheney to be their vice president if they had won the nomination the year before? Maybe the tens of millions who watch the debate Friday night will--and will see what it says about McCain's judgment.
The winning with twinning trap: The larger danger with pushing the "more of the same" argument is that it just won't be convincing to a significant segment of swing voters, fresh evidence or not, because of McCain's well-established record of independence. In fact, if Obama relies too heavily on the Bush-and-McCain-are-twins line, they could turn off a critical audience and close off a valuable opportunity to use McCain's supposed trump card on national security against him.
The best way to avoid that problem is to build on the "more of the same" argument with an even stronger and much simpler case about competence. Joe Biden has tested this rap with great gusto and encouraging results, stressing that McCain, for all their experience, got it wrong on going into Iraq, McCain got it wrong on saying Afghanistan was fine, McCain got it wrong in encouraging Georgia to provoke Russia. Obama should look to pound this point home any chance they can--and show that experience in defense of dumb, destructive policies is no virtue.
If Obama really wants to give some edge to this line of attack and get under McCain's skin, they should reprise the "gates of hell" line about Osama bin Laden from their nomination acceptance speech. Letting the Al Qaeda leader escape at Tora Bora is the most blatant bungle of Bush's war on terror, and McCain did nothing we know of to contest the strategy, to hold the Bush administration accountable for the screw-up or to fight for the resources to rectify it. Obama should not hesitate to make McCain own their record and hypocrisy on this point.
The anti-surge protector trap: Much of Friday's debate will inevitably focus on Iraq. This should decidedly play to Obama's advantage; most Americans believe they were right about going in and that they are right about getting out. In fact, the only way Obama can lose on this issue is if they get bogged down in a prolonged re-litigation of whether the surge was a success. That, unfortunately, is just what Obama and the anti-war left have done for the last several months, despite the court of common sense already ruling that the surge worked, at least in terms of reducing instability and the killing of American soldiers.
To make their debate-order gamble pay off, Obama has to resist the compulsion to defend their initial opposition to the surge, regardless of the merits of their position, and nuance the issue to death. It will significantly undercut Obama's single most effective cross-cutting line of attack--that McCain is out of touch--by making them themselves seem disconnected from reality. And it will shift the debate on this pivotal issue to the one area where McCain has some semblance of an upper hand. All for a debate that, while it matters greatly to the anti-war left, is totally moot to the swing voters Obama needs to win.
The obvious strategy here is to take this issue off the table as soon as possible. To do so, Obama should first echo the clear, clean line they used in a recent interview with Bill O'Reilly--where they said the surge "succeeded beyond our wildest dreams"--to begin getting out of their self-constructed box. Then they should quickly pivot to the critical point and safe ground of what we should do now and hammer away at McCain for being the extreme outlier on withdrawal. It's that simple. Bush, Maliki and Obama all agree on having a responsible timeline, and only McCain (and, secretly, Cheney) now opposes it. Let Mr. Country First be the one to explain why they are putting their need for personal vindication over the needs of the nation.
Dan Gerstein, a political communications consultant and commentator based in New York, is the founder and president of Gotham Ghostwriters. They formerly served as communications director to Sen. Joe Lieberman and as a senior adviser on their vice presidential and presidential campaigns. They write a weekly column for Forbes.com.
There was a legitimate reason why the Seattle Seahawks felt good about themselves at this time last offseason.
They were coming off a divisional-round loss to the Carolina Panthers, but quarterback Russell Wilson had reached a level the team hadn't previously seen. During an eight-game stretch from Week 10 to Week 17, Wilson completed 67.5 percent of their passes, averaged 8.62 yards per attempt and threw for 25 touchdowns with just two interceptions.
The coaching staff felt like he'd made a significant leap in their fourth season. And the Seahawks were counting on Wilson to carry that performance over into 2016. But three separate injuries -- a high ankle sprain, a sprained MCL and a strained pectoral -- never allowed them to even get started.
Wilson's numbers were fine -- 64.7 completion percentage, 7.7 YPA, 21 TDs, 11 INTs -- but the Seahawks had to pare down their playbook because of their limited mobility. The run game never got going, and the offensive line struggled throughout.
Russell Wilson will be looking to improve a Seahawks offense that ranked 17th in the NFL in efficiency last season. Otto Greule Jr/Getty Images
With OTAs finally underway, the focus for Wilson will be on regaining that 2015 form. Coach Pete Carroll said as much when asked about expectations for Wilson during a 710 ESPN Seattle interview on the "Brock and Salk" show a few weeks ago.
"I think what you saw the second half of the year before, I think they have the ability to be the best quarterback out there, doing their thing," Carroll said. "And they showed it. Unfortunately, in Game 1 [of 2016], they get knocked. They have put together an extraordinary offseason. They took the physical challenge that we throw out there to have the best offseason of your life.  They are having that.  They are working in all areas of their game. It's really important to him. He's maxed that out. He's right on it."
Wilson has a lot going for them entering the 2017 season. He's only 28, and their array of weapons might be the best he's had in their career, led by Doug Baldwin, Jimmy Graham, Tyler Lockett and C.J. Prosise. Of course, if the Seahawks can't protect him, that won't matter.
But at the very least, just having the quarterback healthy should help a Seattle offense that ranked 17th in efficiency last season.
"He looks great throwing the football," Carroll said. "He looks great moving around. It just feels so much different than it did for so long of that season. Never during that season last year did we see them in practice where they could move. Never. So they mustered it up for game time. The last five or six games, [he] could move. But it isn't like it is now. So we've got to take care of him, look after him, and have tremendous expectations for Russell's performance next year."
The gasbag has all the answers, doesn't he?
They came up with another gem this weekend, saying they want to deport the children of illegal immigrants.
What a clown.
Native-born children of immigrants are considered American citizens. Says so in the 14th Amendment to the Constitution.
Yet Clown Man would have all the no-information voters believe they can overturn the 14th amendment all by himself, fix the immigration problem, make everybody rich, and cure cancer.
And yet people tell pollsters they would vote for him.
 They are used to pushing people around, bullying, and getting their way. It may work in their business world. That isn't how being President of the United States works.
This whole thing is a ruse, and yet the no-information voters swallow up everything they say.
The jerk says the “good people” among the immigrants can come back once they are deported.
What are “good people?” Tell us, clown man.
Listen, you may like or dislike candidates based on what they stand for, what they hope to do, etc.
But this guy just jabbers away, appeals to the lowest common denominator, and stays atop the Republican field.
Which tells you all you need to know about the Republican field.
What do you think? Should children of illegal immigrants be deported?
Gary Stein can be reached at gstein@sunsentinel.com. On Twitter@SSEditorial.
Updated 22:49pm
PUBLIC EXPENDITURE AND Reform Minister Brendan Howlin has told the Parliamentary Labour Party that they will not run for the leadership of the party.
Howlin told TDs and Senators at a meeting in Leinster House this evening that they will not seek to become leader after Cabinet colleague Joan Burton earlier declared their intention to seek the leadership in the wake of Eamon Gilmore's decision to step down.
Howlin's move comes after two previous attempts to become leader in 1997 and 2002 failed.
The meeting lasted for over two hours with sources describing it as emotional, saying there was a general appreciation within the party at way in which the Tánaiste's departure was handled and announced.
Members of the so-called ‘gang of eight' – TDs and a senator who tabled a motion of no confidence in Gilmore prior to their resignation announcement on Monday – are said to have expressed regret at tabling the motion without discussing it with the Tánaiste first.
Junior Minister Alex White was no clearer about their leadership ambitions with differing views from Labour TDs and Senators as to whether they will run.
However it has emerged that though they did not threaten to resign if Gilmore remained as party leader they were prepared to support the no confidence motion.
Despite speculation that Burton will be unopposed there was a general view among members that “people want a contest”, as one parliamentary party member put it.
Nominations for the Labour leadership contest close next Tuesday at 12 noon after which there will be a postal ballot of around 5,000 members with a result to be announced on 4 July.
If no one else contests the leadership then Burton will be automatically elected as Labour leader unopposed as soon as nominations close next week.
This means that they could conceivably become Tánaiste by the end of next week.
Originally published 18:22
A biblical plague for trees
A new study published in the journal Ecology shows that a massive outbreak of Spruce Beetle is linked to drought conditions in the Colorado mountains, and this drought it tied to "long-term changes in sea-surface temperatures from the Northern Atlantic Ocean, a trend that is expected to continue for decades." While causality can never be 100% certain in these kinds of things, it certainly seems like climate change is indirectly making these insect outbreaks more likely and/or more severe.
The new study is important because it shows that drought is a better predictor of spruce beetle outbreaks in northern Colorado than temperature alone, said lead study author Sarah Hart, a CU-Boulder doctoral student in geography. Drought conditions appear to decrease host tree defenses against spruce beetles, which attack the inner layers of bark, feeding and breeding in the phloem, a soft inner bark tissue, which impedes tree growth and eventually kills vast swaths of forest. (source)
The Mountain Pine Beetle is getting more press because of the havoc it is causing in the Southern Rocky Mountains, but the Spruce Beetle has the potential to be equally or even more devastating in Colorado, says the lead author of the study.
Via UC Boulder
See also: Meet the adorable Fairy Penguin, the smallest penguin species on Earth!
According to an exclusive report by Newsen, Block B's Zico was recently involved in a car accident caused by drunk driving.
This past July 8, following fellow group member Park Kyung's birthday party, Zico was on their way home with their manager when the car accident occurred.
As reported by Gangnam Police, the manager who was at the wheel was driving in an intoxicated state. The car that was carrying both Zico and their manager came into contact with another car after running a red light.
It is said that Park Kyung's birthday party took place at a lounge located in Gangnam, and was also attended by the members of Block B, WINNER's Mino, Teen Top's C.A.P, Nicole, Henry, Yewon, and more.
A representative of the Gangnam Police explained, “Block B's Zico was not at the wheel, but a passenger of the vehicle. The manager that was driving the car violated a traffic light, which caused the accident. Afterwards, it was revealed that the driver had been driving while under the influence of alcohol.”
Seven Seasons' representative also shared, “After checking with both Zico and their manager, the two of them both had drinks, and the manager drove in order to get home. The manager is deeply regretful for drunk driving. We are aware that Zico does not have any major injuries. They took part in a broadcast recording yesterday (July 10).”
Meanwhile, Zico is currently appearing on “Show Me the Money 4.”
Source (1)
Temples are a brilliant 4-piece psychedelic pop band from Kettering, England who have smacked me upside the head with their incredible musical generosity. I first stumbled onto the song ‘The Golden Throne' and wasn't quite sure what I was hearing. Some long-forgotten 70′s gold or a modern stroke of genius? Turns out it's the latter and I'm still picking my jaw up off the floor. Honestly, I hate to risk over hyping but I just can't bring myself to withhold love. You wouldn't want me to do that would you? That wouldn't be fun for either of us, so here we go:
Sun Structures is exploding at the seams with beautiful vocal harmonies, refreshing yet retro riffs, and a purposeful quality to its composition that is undeniably impressive. They're willing to experiment with a variety of styles and instruments to create a whimsical fabric that seems to be painted with ease. To use fairly crude examples, in many ways this record is done in the spirit of the Beatles/Zeppelin boom during their more psychedelic periods. The natural flow of the album provides a true concept feel, not in literal themes, but in setting an atmosphere/world that these pieces live in comfortably together. I believe this to be a modern classic that will hopefully inspire newer generations to continue exploring this sound. Truly captivating work from one of the most promising young bands out there today.
Stream it on Spotify or pick it up on iTunes/Amazon
Listen
Arkansas Defies Monsanto, Moves To Ban Rogue Weedkiller
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR Dan Charles/NPR
Arkansas is on the verge of banning the use, during the growing season, of a Monsanto-backed weedkiller that has been blamed for damaging millions of acres of crops in neighboring farms this year.
The weedkiller is called dicamba. It can be sprayed on soybeans and cotton that have been genetically modified to tolerate it. But not all farmers plant those new seeds. And across the Midwest, farmers that don't use the herbicide are blaming their dicamba-spraying neighbors for widespread damage to their crops — and increasingly, to wild vegetation.
The issue has driven a wedge through farming communities in the Midwest, straining friendships and turning neighbors into adversaries.
Monsanto turned to dicamba because many weeds have evolved resistance to the company's earlier weed-killing weapon of choice, glyphosate, also known as Roundup. Increasingly, Roundup no longer gets rid of farmers' most troublesome weeds.
Dicamba is an old herbicide, but it's now being used much more widely, in combination with a new generation of genetically modified, dicamba-tolerant crops. It's also being widely used, for the first time, in the heat of summer, which makes the herbicide more prone to "volatilizing" — turning into a vapor and drifting in unpredictable directions.
This was the first year that farmers were allowed to spray it on soybean and cotton fields. (Some farmers did use dicamba illegally last year, provoking disputes between farmers that in one case, led to murder.) Many farmers embraced the new tool. But it quickly turned controversial: Farmers couldn't seem to keep dicamba confined to their own fields.
The problem was worst in Arkansas, where almost 1,000 farmers filed formal complaints of damage caused by drifting dicamba. But the rogue weedkiller has hit fields across soybean-growing areas from Mississippi to Minnesota.
According to estimates compiled by weed scientist Kevin Bradley at the University of Missouri, at least 3 million acres of crops have seen some injury. Most are soybeans that aren't resistant to dicamba, but vegetable crops like watermelons, fruit trees and wild vegetation have been injured as well. The dicamba vapors didn't typically kill the plants but left behind curled leaves and sometimes stunted plants.
"There is no precedent for what we've seen this year," says Bob Scott, a weed specialist with the University of Arkansas.
toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR
The Arkansas State Plant Board now has taken the lead in cracking down on the problem. On Thursday, it voted unanimously to ban the use of dicamba on the state's crops from mid-April until November. This amounts to a ban on the use of dicamba in combination with Monsanto's genetically engineered crops. It's not a final decision: The governor and a group of legislative leaders have to sign off on the Plant Board's regulatory decisions, but they usually do so. That won't happen, however, until after a public hearing set for Nov. 8.
The board also approved a steep increase in fines — up to $25,000 — for farmers who use dicamba and similar herbicides illegally.
Monsanto insists that its version of dicamba, which the company has mixed with an additive that's supposed to make it less volatile, does not drift from the fields where it is sprayed if farmers use it correctly. The company sent a delegation of five people, including Ty Vaughn, a top executive, to this week's meeting of the Plant Board. They passed out binders and thumb drives filled with data from the company's own tests — tests that convinced the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to approve the chemical on crops.
Vaughn told the board that most of the damage from dicamba comes from farmers not understanding or following the rules for using it properly. "There's going to be a learning curve," they said. "It behooves all of us to continue to learn, and work toward solutions. I hope that's the goal of everybody in the conversation."
For Monsanto, a lot of money is at stake — potentially hundreds of millions of dollars. Nationwide, Monsanto sold enough dicamba-tolerant soybeans to cover 20 million acres this year, and the company expects that number to rise.
But Monsanto may have underestimated the backlash against dicamba in Arkansas. The Plant Board was convinced by field experiments carried out this summer by researchers at the University of Arkansas and other universities. Those tests showed that dicamba — even new formulations created by Monsanto and another chemical company, BASF — does vaporize and spread across the landscape.
David Wildy, a prominent farmer in Manila, Ark., who served on a state-appointed task force that recommended the ban on dicamba use on crops, says that "farmers need this technology. But right is right and wrong is wrong. And when you let a technology, a pesticide or whatever, get on your neighbor, it's not right. We can't do that."
toggle caption Dan Charles/NPR
After Thursday's vote, Monsanto's Vaughn sounded defiant, accusing the Plant Board of ignoring scientific data. "The most troubling thing is, we did come in good faith to try and provide more information — the binders and the flash drives — and clearly they did not even consider that information before they made their decision," they said. They said that the company was "keeping all options open" in deciding how to respond. Monsanto has previously threatened to go to court if Arkansas went ahead with a dicamba ban.
In recent weeks, others have also started reporting damage from dicamba. These include gardeners, beekeepers and wildlife advocates.
The most impassioned speaker at this week's meeting of the Plant Board, in fact, was Richard Coy, who manages 13,000 honeybee hives in Arkansas, Missouri and Mississippi. Coy reported that in areas where farmers were spraying dicamba on their crops, honey production in their hives fell by 30 to 50 percent, apparently because dicamba stopped wild vegetation from blooming, thus depriving bees of sustenance.
"Yes, it's just weeds and vines," Coy told the board. "But those weeds and vines are there for a reason. This is about the environment. If we don't get a handle on it, our natural environment will not be the same."
Other states, and the EPA, are considering new restrictions on dicamba use. But so far, none have come up with specific proposals.
Not just for history teachers
Given my career as a history teacher, you can bet your bippy I didn't "accidentally" post this on June 6.
Steel Division: Normandy 44 (PC)
Developer: Eugen Systems
Publisher: Paradox Interactive
Released: May 23, 2017
MSRP: $39.99
Given a number of ideas to grasp at once in Steel Division, I'm happy to say there is a competent tutorial that will leave players prepared for the single or multiplayer. The fully voice-acted tutorial guides players through the essential phases of a battle while simultaneously not overwhelming them with tons of information. It doesn't touch on every single detail, but what is left out can be ascertained by the player after only a few skirmishes.
Each battle begins by asking the player to create their Battlegroups. This is a deck-building mechanic that allows players to customize their available units. Units cost a variable amount of resources to call into battle, and some can only be used after a certain amount of time has passed. There are three phases to each battle, simply titled A, B, and C. The bigger and better units are often locked behind the B and C tiers and cost more resource points, so it is important to consider all factors when building a deck. It's possible to load up on more A units than anything else, but where will you be when phase C rolls around?
These decisions also influence play during each battle. It's possible to sit on a stockpile of resources (which are gained automatically over time) as phase B approaches and unleash a handful of those units all at once, but doing so means that the current troop count remains stagnant. Splitting the battle into these phases is a welcome addition that not only helps players get accustomed to the game, but allows for more even footing among opponents, leaving the rest up to strategy.
And boy, is there strategy here.
I'll admit, early on, I did a lot of “attack-moving” of my units. Essentially, I figured I was okay to send them in a general direction and say “just shoot at whatever you encounter.” But man, that does not work here. Steel Division is about positioning, front and back lines, and awareness. This is much slower-paced than many other real-time-strategy games. Setting up soldiers in buildings or inside of forests to hold a flank takes precise planning and forethought to execute correctly.
The front lines are perhaps the most crucial element to the gameplay. Steel Division beautifully displays the front lines of battle moving in real time by display constantly-shifting blue and red lines. As one side starts to push forward, the lines bend and sway accordingly, even without any vision of the units. This allows players to recognize if a flank is getting pushed in, or just sense the enemy's presence. However, it doesn't just move as any unit pushes forward, but more so indicates where armies are clashing and where large insurgencies of troops are coming from. In other words, it's a great summary of map control, but it is still possible to send out recon units or small armies to surprise the enemy. It's a brilliant upgrade from the traditional “fog of war” system that many RTS games employ.
Contributing to the “gosh, war sucks” feeling is the attrition felt during battle. There are no bases here (and by extension, no base-building) to constantly resupply the field with units. The Battlegroups each player builds pre-battle come with a limited supply of each unit. Once that supply is exhausted, that unit can no longer be called in. Ammunition is also limited, requiring supply units to be used to resupply troops in the field.
It can be difficult to take everything in at once during a battle. The spacebar will zoom to a recent event, but that can do little to help with comprehension. Units can be easily identified once on foot, but since many units start in mobile transport of some sort, I usually have no idea what's in store until I unload. This may be alleviated as I learn the specific unit names, but remains a small frustration for now.
I can't say I'm very good at the game, but that hasn't stopped me from playing. The single-player is well crafted with WWII-era videos, great mission introductions, and realistic events. There are three campaigns (US, German, and UK), each consisting of four missions with varied mission objectives. These missions aren't quick, either; the single-player isn't some quick throwaway mode. That being said, it's hard to justify buying all of what Steel Division offers just for these 12 missions. Multiplayer is the key to longevity, even if the AI is surprisingly competent.
Playing online can be as competitive as 1v1 matchmaking, or as casual as a 10v10 clusterfuck. Personally, I prefer the larger engagements because it's less stressful and fewer people notice if I'm not pulling my weight. That being said, there is a higher chance to have a poor connection and lag is quite frequent in anything other than 1v1. There's a decent population out there at the moment, though the custom games server browser can seem quite barren. Luckily, there is quickplay and matchmaking for something more expedited.
As a history teacher, I love the historical backdrop and attention to detail; as a gamer, I love the blending of strategy and excitement that comes with the intermingling of mechanics old and new to the genre. Somehow, World War II has become en vogue once more and Steel Division has come at a perfect time in the cycle of gaming trends. It's hard to remember the last time an RTS game gave me both the challenge of careful planning and the thrill of execution at the same time. Those only interested in a single-player affair might come away a little disappointed, but the package itself is very well-rounded and breathes some much-needed life into the genre.
[This review is based on a retail build of the game provided by the publisher.]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Steel Division: Normandy 44 reviewed by Patrick Hancock
Michael Arria's widely read but rarely analyzed Alternet article “Bernie Sanders' Troubling History of Supporting US Military Violence Abroad” mentions in passing:
“While it's true they voted against the Iraq War, they also voted in favor of authorizing funds for that war and the one in Afghanistan.”
Arria's statement is correct but also distorts Sanders' stance on funding the Iraq war by omission. Their voting record on the bills that funded the Iraq war show that they voted against them more often than they voted for them. Additionally, their ‘yea' votes show that there were other considerations at play.
*Passed in the Senate by unanimous consent rather than a yea-or-nay vote.
The Bush administration, backed by a Republican-controlled House and Senate, made a nasty habit of funding its disastrous occupation of Iraq on an emergency basis in order to minimize Congressional scrutiny, circumvent legal limits on the federal government's debt ceiling, and understate the true cost of the war. The first time Sanders voted ‘yea' to an Iraq war spending bill came in 2006 when the bill included funding for Hurricane Katrina relief efforts. The second time they voted ‘yea' was when an amendment they inserted into the bill giving a $1 million grant to the Vermont Department of Veterans Affairs (the VA) to help to return veterans cope with their health care and mental health needs upon returning home. The third time they voted ‘yea' was when the legislation incorporated a massive expansion of G.I. Bill benefits that Sanders co-sponsored and the Bush administration opposed guaranteeing full scholarships to veterans, including activated National Guard troops and reservists, with three years of service attending any public, in-state university and expanded benefits for students at private colleges and for graduate schools. The last time they voted ‘yea' was when they gave their consent, along with the entire U.S. Senate, to fund the Iraq war's end as President Barack Obama removed all U.S. troops from the country.
So is it correct to say that Sanders voted in favor of authorizing funds for the Iraq war? Yes it is.
But it is equally correct to say the exact opposite: Sanders voted against authorizing funds for the Iraq war.
The point here is this: whenever you come across an article that makes some visceral, outrageous claim about something Bernie Sanders allegedly did or said, don't jump to any hard and fast conclusions for or against them without first studying what they did and why. Then and only then can a sound political judgment be made.
Perhaps the most important metric for assessing whether these votes were right or wrong is to figure out how many living, breathing veterans would they have helped by voting against war funding bills that contained pro-veteran amendments? The answer is zero. And so while peace activists are lining up to condemn their campaign, veterans are lining up to join it.
Advertisements
The Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) under the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas has reviewed international prices of crude oil and petroleum products during the 1st fortnight of August 2014. Accordingly, the under-recovery on High Speed Diesel (HSD) applicable for 2nd fortnight of August effective 16.08.2014 will go up to Rs 1.78 per litre. This was Rs 1.33 per litre during 1st fortnight of Aug 2014. In the case of PDS Kerosene and Domestic LPG, the under-recoveries for the 2nd fortnight of August 2014 continue to be Rs 32.98 per litre and Rs 447.87 per cylinder respectively, as in the last fortnight.
Product-wise Under-recoveries of Public Sector Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs)
Product Unit Under-recoveries effective 16.08. 2014 ( Previous fortnight effective 01.08 2014) Diesel Rs/Litre 1.78 (1.33) PDS Kerosene* Rs/Litre 32.98 (32.98) Domestic LPG* Rs/Cylinder 447.87 (447.87)
*Additionally, a subsidy of Rs 0.82/Litre on PDS Kerosene and Rs 22.58/Cylinder on Domestic LPG is provided by the Government. Their refinery-gate prices are fixed on monthly basis.
Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), effective 16 August 2014, are now incurring combined daily under-recovery of about Rs 230 crore on the sale of Diesel, PDS Kerosene and Domestic LPG. This is higher than Rs 226 crore daily under-recoveries during previous fortnight. The under-recoveries for the financial year 2014-15 are projected to be Rs 91,665 crore while the figure was Rs 1, 39,869 crore in the 2013-14.
Regarding daily international crude oil price of Indian Basket as published today, the price decreased to US$ 100.04 per barrel (bbl) on 18.08.2014 as against US$ 101.67 per bbl on 13.08.2014. In rupee terms, the price of Indian Basket decreased to Rs 6108.44 per bbl on 18.08.2014 as compared to Rs 6227.29 per bbl on 13.08.2014. Rupee closed stronger at Rs 61.06 per US$ on 18.08.2014 as against Rs 61.25 per US$ on 13.08.2014.
The table below gives details in this regard
Particulars Unit Price on Aug 18, 2014 (Previous trading day i.e. 13.08.2014) Pricing Fortnight for 16.08.2014 ( July 30 to Aug 12, 2014) Crude Oil (Indian Basket) ($/bbl) 100.04 (101.67) 103.85 (Rs/bbl 6108.44 (6227.29) 6325.50 Exchange Rate (Rs/$) 61.06 (61.25) 60.91
***
YKB– Under-recovery 19.08.2014
Product Number: 004-002-11748
This antique, four-pipe set from Barling is an historical artifact from the Boer War. Although originally produced back in 1898, the set was presented by an Australian Infantry Company to a Royal Marine during the Boer War on May 10, 1900 — a date noted on the silver badge located along the top of its vintage case. The pipes themselves are among the best examples of early Barling Briars that we've encountered here at Smokingpipes. It's rare enough to find a single pipe of such age that's still intact, and a full set of them, every pipe complete and present, really is something else.
The set includes two bent Billiards, the first of which is distinguished by its tall, cylindrical bowl and deep bend. This first pipe's shape in some respects is similar to the Hungarian, which was, incidentally, favored by the President of the South African Republic, Paul Kruger, and which posterity would thus remember as the Oom Paul. It should be noted that although this general shape type takes its now most common name from the Boer leader, it was also very well represented among troops from the British Empire, both in the pipes purchased for them and in the pipes they carved and decorated for themselves as prisoners of war.
The second bent Billiard is a variant of the English classic. The bowl is rounder and softer; the bend a bit less pronounced. Like the other pipes in the set, this bent Billiard reflects many of the pipe-making conventions of late-19th-century English briar pipes. The vulcanite stems are considerably meatier than what is found on more modern pipes. The buttons are likewise round, and rather than slots, we find a simple circular airway.
The third briar is a straight Bulldog, a substantial pipe yet elegant in its lines. The piece is well-proportioned and nicely balanced. The gentle cant of the bowl and tapered waist lends the pipe a sense of refinement and suggests some inspiration from old French pipe designs.
The final pipe in the set is a Cutty — one of the earliest and most traditional of pipe shapes, but not one that we've seen very often from Barling. Here, it is rendered in a particularly reserved fashion. The bowl is less canted than we find in both earlier clay and later briar renditions, and the foot is quite pronounced.
In addition to the pipes, the case contains a cheroot holder and a match case, known as a Vesta, which was produced by W.H. Leather for Barling.
If you'd like to know more about this antique four-pipe set, you can find further information, as well as a video — wherein Sykes and I discuss the historical significance of the piece — over on the blog.
-Joshua Burgess
Note: Due to the historical significance of this set we have elected not to clean these pipes as we would other estate pipes in order to preserve their antique condition. A light cleaning is available upon the buyer's request.
Additional Weights & Measurements
Bent Billiard: Weight: 1.34 oz., Length: 5.24 in., Bowl Diameter: 0.81 in., Bowl Depth: 1.43 in., Pipe Diameter: 1.50 in., Pipe Height: 1.84 in.
Bulldog: Weight: 1.44 oz., Length: 5.35 in., Bowl Diameter: 0.81 in., Bowl Depth: 1.47 in., Pipe Diameter: 1.57 in., Pipe Height: 1.87 in.
Cutty: Weight: 1.12 oz., Length: 6.45 in., Bowl Diameter: 0.75 in., Bowl Depth: 1.59 in., Pipe Diameter: 1.20 in., Pipe Height: 1.81 in.
Reddit suffers from a fundamental divide: some "bad" behaviors are OK when people with the right political opinions do them. This happens for several reasons, the biggest of which are that Reddit's admins, mods and staff are generally of one side, and also that our society in general accepts these egalitarian ideas, and anything that opposes them is viewed with suspicion.
Yesterday, Reddit banned /r/CoonTown and /r/ChimpOut for being in-egalitarian. That is: those subs did not believe in equality, which is the basis of liberalism, which in turn is the basis of "Social Justice" as embraced by most Redditors who were taught it by their post-1968 hippie era teachers. In addition, those subs took a trollish, pejorative and incendiary tack to their presentation.
This leads to a divide that has long been written about on this blog. It is one thing to say "diversity does not work" or "statistically, people of African-American descent commit more violent crime," and another thing to blame a certain ethnic group for the failure of diversity or to use racial epithets, slurs, and satire involving that group. On that point, I agree with Reddit; I see the former behavior ("diversity does not work") as vital to accurate discussion and arriving at results, and the latter (racial slurs, satire and blame) as anathema to it.
However, this raises another ugly question: why are /r/ShitRedditSays and /r/SubRedditDrama still in operation while these others were banned? At that point, Reddit crosses the line into self-serving hypocrisy because it agrees with one group and not the other. /r/SRS and /r/SRD serve a purpose which is convenient for Reddit, which is attempting to shame away anyone who does not agree with the prevailing hive mind orthodoxy on Reddit, which it itself a variation of the founding ideas of liberalism, currently the "dominant paradigm" in Europe, the USA, Australia and Canada.
In other words, the gross truth here is that Reddit are conformists. They are conforming to the dominant idea, and they are allowing their users impunity to enforce that with the very behavior Reddit complains about. Their goal, in turn, is both not appear as conformists, and to avoid being seen as censors. So they encourage users to do their dirty work for them.
Here is head mod "spez" describing the new Reddit policy which led to these bannings:
Our policies are not changing dramatically from what we have had in the past. One new concept is Quarantining a community, which entails applying a set of restrictions to a community so its content will only be viewable to those who explicitly opt in. We will Quarantine communities whose content would be considered extremely offensive to the average redditor. Today, in addition to applying Quarantines, we are banning a handful of communities that exist solely to annoy other redditors, prevent us from improving Reddit, and generally make Reddit worse for everyone else. Our most important policy over the last ten years has been to allow just about anything so long as it does not prevent others from enjoying Reddit for what it is: the best place online to have truly authentic conversations.
This announcement coincides with an update to the Reddit Content Policy, a type of AUP/TOS that describes what topics and behaviors may be posted. Reddit has, against advice of this blog, decided to merge behaviors and content; it makes more sense to separate them, saying for example "no trolling or slurs" and not trying to regulate content itself by topic as harmful, since that includes some content which is legitimate speech, criticism, science, analysis and a necessary part of the discussion.
The new content policy is unfortunately quite ambiguous:
Content is prohibited if it Is illegal
Is involuntary pornography
Encourages or incites violence
Threatens, harasses, or bullies or encourages others to do so
Is personal and confidential information
Impersonates someone in a misleading or deceptive manner
Is spam
These types each link to helpful descriptions, like the "encourages or incites violence" portion:
Do not post content that incites harm against people or groups of people.
And the "threatens, harasses or bullies" item:
Harassment on Reddit is defined as systematic and/or continued actions to torment or demean someone in a way that would make a reasonable person conclude that reddit is not a safe platform to express their ideas or participate in the conversation, or fear for their safety or the safety of those around them.
(That one sounds like exactly what /r/SRS and /r/SRD do, but they get a free pass apparently.
The problem with This is that they are vague. How do we know that something "incites" "harm"? Does that mean harm in terms of self-esteem, reputation or public image? Is it inciting harm to cite crime statistics or point out that diversity does not work? Reddit remains silent on those issues because it wants as much power as it can have, and the ability to execute it unevenly. People who go against the dominant paradigm scare away other consumers who are good little sheep.
Even less clear is the idea of "harassment." If someone is a member of a group about whom unflattering facts (crime statistics, and so on) is revealed, are they being harassed? Seeing those facts in print might make them want to "conclude reddit is not a safe platform." What about a study that shows 90% of feminists are over 300 lbs? Or that hipsters tend to die young of AIDS? Reddit stays vague here as well.
Spez clarified that they would not be enforcing these rules against /r/SRS and /r/SRD:
This leaves us out here with the distinct feeling that these rules state two things: one, anything that rocks the boat is bad if it offends Reddit's perceived hivemind opinion; and two, that it will be enforced only on those opinions which do not conform to the majority opinion in the leftist Western nations. Not only is this WEIRD in bias, but it also goes against the very idea of free speech, which is not needed for majority opinions, only for those challengers which rise up and change history by breaking the hive-mind.
Even WIRED magazine chose to make a note of the hypocrisy in their article on the banning of /r/CoonTown:
In response, many Redditors pointed to the subreddit /r/ShitRedditSays -- which highlights seemingly offensive or idiotic statements made by Reddit users out of context. The subreddit has not been banned or quarantined and users claim this shows Reddit's continued hypocrisy and confusion around its simplified content policy.
The Reddit announcement (and spez's clarification) caused jubilation among those who support the majority opinion. Here's a great example from /r/CrackerTown:
Thank you Reddit for the support! We have to show people that hate speech is not free speech and it should be considered assault to use the triggering tactics against PoC that white subs like CoonTown do. This is a huge victory for the internet in general. Keep up the great work, guys!
This is what happens if you take a nonsense approach, but most social media sites take this nonsense approach. An intelligent approach is to target behaviors, not topics. That is: slurs and epithets directed at individuals or groups for perceived traits of those groups are not wanted. That would eliminate the problem of /r/CoonTown and /r/CrackerTown alike. But that is not Reddit's goal.
With yesterday's announcement, Reddit revealed its actual intent: to remove any non-conforming ideas by lumping them together with the badly-behaved people. That bans both criticism of diversity and ethnic slurs under the same rule, which targets topic (minority viewpoint) instead of method (slurs, language, etc.). For now, /r/DarkEnlightenment, /r/WhiteRights and /r/New_Right remain, but it is unclear for how long this will be true.
Here are some interesting Friends facts you may or may not have known about some episodes or the cast and crew.
(Some may be incorrect.)
You can check the Charmed season 7 scripts and Charmed scripts season 8.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW George Stephanopolous…
* When Phoebe, Monica and Rachel were out on the balcony, Rachel knocks their pillow over the edge. That wasn't really supposed to happen, but they left it in anyway.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Five Steaks and an Eggplant…
* Matt LeBlanc was according to script supposed to grab the phone when Jade called and say “Bob here!”. But when jumped for the phone they missed and fell and the editors chose to go with that instead of Joey answering the phone.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Phoebe's Husband…
* A cut line: When Rachel is jealous of Julie, they say with a phony voice “Julie's so smart, Julie's so special”. Originally they added “Do they put on a cape and fight crimes at night?”
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW the Baby on the Bus…
* Giovanni Ribisi (Frank Jr) appeared in this episode as the guy who drops a condom in Phoebe's guitar case.
——————————————————————————————————–
TO After the Superbowl Pt 2…
* Monkey and Katie (the monkeys who played Marcel) actually played the monkey in “Outbreak”.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW the Ultimate Fighting Champion…
* You remember the appearance Billy Crystal and Robin Williams did in the beginning of “TOW the Ultimate Fighting Champion”?? That wasn't in the original script. They were by coincidence in the same building-, or the one across the street from where “Friends” is shot and the writers asked if they wanted to make a guest appearance. This was apparently the day of shooting, so it was just quickly thrown in.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Rachel's New Dress…
* Joshua Bergen's dad was played by Matthew Perry's dad.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Ross's Wedding…
* A cut line: It was the scene when Rachel realized they still love Ross. Originally it was:
Phoebe: “God, that would be like telling Monica, “Hey, you like things clean.” Or, you know, hey Joey, you're gay.
Rachel: What!?
Phoebe: Oh, please, she's always got a broom in their hand.
But they just kept it at:
Phoebe: God, that would be like telling Monica, “Hey, you like things clean.”
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Everyone Finds Out…
* This is what Chandler and Monica says at the start when Phoebe sees them through the window:
Ch: Look, we have to talk. Your shirt is really bugging me.
Mon: Wow, that's so weird 'cause your pants are really bugging me.
Ch: Well, let's make each other happy and get rid of them.
* One of the reasons the audience laughed so much in this episode is when Joey told Phoebe it wasn't the first time they opened a blouse like that is that it took MLB around twelve times to get it open.
* A Chandler and Monica line that was never used:
Ch: Why is it so hard to believe that Phoebe is attracted to me?
Mon: It's not. I believe all the girls are attracted to you because you're part bunny.
——————————————————————————————————–
TO In Vegas…
* The one and only time they've taken down the Central Perk stage was in “TO in Vegas” when they needed that part of the stage for Caesar's Palace.
* Phoebe says Joey's pin number is 5639. If you look at the letters under the numbers on a telephone, 5639 spells out ‘Joey'.
——————————————————————————————————–
TO After Vegas…
* To commemorate Courteney Cox's marriage to David Arquette, the entire cast is credited with Arquette after their names.
* In the original script for “TO After Vegas” Monica's reply to Chandler's “oh my god, is EVERYBODY getting married?” “I don't know, but we were next!”.
* The editor has got laughs on a computer that they can add to the episodes. This was, for example, used when Rachel said “this is not a marriage, this is the world's worst hangover”. In that case they used it because the next line was over-laughter. JA continued to speak before the audience quieted. They changed the laughter into a shorter one because they couldn't use one where JA had waited because that would take too long.
* After Chandler tells Joey that the waiter isn't coming 'cause it's a buffet, Joey's reply in the original script wasn't “oh, here's where I win all my money back!”, it was “and it's in trouble”.
* The writers and producers weren't sure weather people would understand that Phoebe had once gotten married in Vegas and they ended up having to ask the audience.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW Ross's Library Book…
* Australian swimmer, Ian Thorpe, was an extra in Central Perk. You can clearly see them sitting at a table near the right of the screen talking to a woman.
——————————————————————————————————–
TOW the Stripper Cries…
* Courteney Cox was pregnant during the filming of this episode so to prevent them from getting overheated while they were wearing the fat suit, they had a tube hooked up to an air conditioner that they stuck under the costume and down their shirt so that they could cool down between takes.
* All the names that Ross lists at the start of their and Chandler's reunion were actual names of friends and family of David Crane and Marta Kauffman.
——————————————————————————————————–
Miscellaneous (Show)…
* The episode title format (“The One With/Where/etc…”) was created when the producers realized that the episode titles would not be featured in the opening credits and therefore would be unknown to most of the audience. They believed that sitcom audiences generally refer to specific episodes of a show by the most memorable event of the episode (e.g. “Did you see the one where the monkey gets away?”) and decided to name their episodes in that format.
* Alternate titles to the show were “Across the Hall”, “Once Upon a Time in the West Village”, “Six Of One” and “Insomnia Cafe”.
* The opening credits pool clips were shot at the Warner Brothers lot at 5 in the morning.
* The frame around Monica's peephole was from the beginning a mirror, but a crewmember smashed it.
* The reason why Ross and Emily's marriage was doomed was because Helen Baxendale was pregnant when they were cast. First they used a corset, then they only showed them from the neck up.
* A break up scene for Ross and Julie was written, but the writers decided to skip it, because everyone's hearts would be with Ross and Julie if they kept it in, instead of with Ross and Rachel.
* Every year five new musical bites is given to the music-people, so that the music will change every now and then.
* Throughout the series, 27 episode titles reference Rachel, 23 reference Ross, 15 reference Joey, 10 reference Chandler, 10 reference Phoebe and 8 reference Monica.
* The character of Ursula (Phoebe's twin sister) first appeared in the sitcom “Mad About You” as a waiter. Kudrow played Ursula on both “Mad About You” and “Friends”. The shows creators did not originally intend for Phoebe to have a twin, but they added the character to explain why Kudrow was appearing on two different shows on the same network, at one time as a part of the same Thursday night line-up.
* Although it seems that most of the action of the series took place in Greenwich Village in Manhattan, New York City, the series was filmed in California. The exterior shot of the Friends apartment building is located at Grove and Bedford streets in the Village. No scenes featuring cast members were filmed in New York; even the show's opening is shot around a fountain in California.
——————————————————————————————————–
Miscellaneous (Actors)…
* Jennifer Aniston says their favourite food is mayonnaise on white-bread sandwiches, and that they love to make baklava.
* The name Matthew Perry uses when checking into a hotel is ‘Abe Flamon'.
* The name Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt use when checking into a hotel is ‘Mr. and Mrs. Ross Vegas'.
* The reason Monica cut their hair so short in season four was because Courteney Cox Arquette had those streaks in their hair from “Scream 2” and they didn't exactly match Monica's character.
* Courteney Cox actually auditioned for the part as Rachel, but they asked them to play Monica instead, since Monica's the “main” character and they wanted a well-known actor for that part.
* Matt LeBlanc's role in “Lost in Space” was from the beginning offered to Matthew Perry. They declined, however, but tipped the casting people about MLB. And that's how Matt got the part.
* David Schwimmer was offered Will Smith's part in “Men in Black” but turned it down.
* Chandler got their first on-screen kiss by Jill Goodacre Connick.  They are married to Harry Connick, who starred in ID4 as Will Smith's friend who dies in the first air battle with the aliens. That part was first offered to Matthew Perry.
* Joey hurting their arm and having it in a cast was not part of the original storyboard, it was just thrown in. Matt LeBlanc dislocated their shoulder on the set and that's how Joey ended up falling of the bed and hurting their arm.
* Carol's obstetrician in TOW the Birth was played by David Schwimmer's best friend Jonathan Silverman.
* Terry, Central Perk's manager, is played by the dad in “Alf”.
* Alan, the guy Monica dated and the others loved, is played by the priest from “Dr. Quinn”.
* A funny note is that David Schwimmer played a student guidance counselor in “Apt. Pupil” and they mentioned Brad Renfro's character's parents being named Monica and Richard.
* Reese Witherspoon was signed up for around six episodes, but apparently Jennifer Aniston disliked them and asked the producers to fire them
* Jennifer Aniston had a painting exhibited at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art when they were just 11.
* Matt LeBlanc once won an award for a tomato sauce (Ketchup) commercial.
* The first female member of the cast that Matthew Perry ever kissed (as far as we know *wink, wink* lol) was Jennifer Aniston, and not Courteney Cox Arquette as most seem to think.
* David Schwimmer directed several episodes.
Midfielders
Another glamorous international winger is Bank of England governor Mark Carney, who finds themselves in an unusual position to the left of the hardline Brexiters, but who has also gone on the attack by warning that Europe risks financial instability if it cuts off the City.
Another fast-rising star is Antonia Romeo, who was the first woman to serve as Britain's consul general in New York but is now being rushed back to work with Liam Fox on striking overseas trade deals. Famed for cutting a dash in Manhattan in snakeskin Louboutins, their job is to prove Team GB still has international flair.
Playing on the right is Olly Robbins, the ambitious young permanent secretary at the Department for Exiting the EU.  They are said to have “vigorously opposed” the appointment of fellow midfielder Tim Barrow, believing their role as the prime minister's sherpa in European council negotiations should give them primacy. May will be hoping this is a creative tension .
Supporting the politicians in the negotiations is a clutch of ambitious civil servants whose job is to provide link up play but who may not necessarily pass well to each other . The lead interlocutor, Sir Tim Barrow, was a late addition to the squad after their predecessor, Sir Ivan Rogers, quit as the UK's permanent EU representative in Brussels. They will need all their foreign office charm to repair relations with Whitehall.
Bettel Xavier Bettel Job Luxembourg PM
Position Defensive midfield A lawyer by training and a former TV talkshow host, Luxembourg's prime minister has a sharp wit and a sharper tongue (“Before, the British were in and they had many opt-outs; now they want to be out, with many opt-ins”). The first European leader to marry a partner of the same sex, they are also a determined defender of principles – and a strong believer in those of the EU: “Either you're a member, or you're not,” they said last monthsaid.
Hübner Danuta Hübner Job MEP
Position Defensive midfield When they were Poland's Europe minister, Danuta Hübner helped bring their country into the EU. Now head of the European parliament's constitutional affairs committee, they look on with regret as the UK prepares to leave. But business is business: their committee will vet a post-Brexit free-trade deal with the UK and Hübner will play a critical defensive role in ensuring the EU's interests are protected.
Hollande François Hollande Job French president
Position Attacking midfield The embattled French president has suffered a slump in home form (and will be substituted soon after kickoff) but remains a key player in Europe, where France has been the fiercest opponent of the UK's “have a cake and eat it” ambitions. “There must be a threat, there must be a risk, there must be a price” for Brexit, Hollande said in October. Will go in hard, perhaps dirty: France sees opportunity here.
Tusk Donald Tusk Job European council president
Position Attacking midfield A combative captain, the EU council president has long been the first name their manager puts on the team sheet: Merkel has appreciated Tusk's often assertive leadership style since they were prime minister of Poland. They have certainly proved effective at the pre-match mind games, infuriating opponents with phrases such as “The only real alternative to a hard Brexit is no Brexit” and “Your argument has nothing to do with reality”.
Monopoly will soon welcome three new player tokens - at the cost of three old favourites.
The game's classic wheelbarrow, boot and thimble are being ditched in favour of... a T. rex, penguin and rubber duck.
Monopoly's new line-up.
Monopoly's new contenders were chosen in a public vote held by Hasbro, the game's manufacturer. More than 3.4m votes were cast, and all existing tokens were up for the chop.
The most popular token was - correctly - the Scottie dog, first added to Monopoly sets in 1942. Newcomer T. rex came second in the poll, ahead of the top hat and motor car, which have existed in the game since its original 1937 release.
Rubber duck was fifth, ahead of the recently-added cat, which replaced the iron in sets from 2013 onwards. Penguin and battleship were next in the poll - the latter only narrowly seeing off a challenge from potential newcomer tortoise.
Dead.
Hasbro floated 64 possible options in all, including a number of bizarre items such as a loaf of sliced bread, a hashtag and a range of emojis.
The best accessories for Switch From Jelly Deals: essential accessories for Nintendo Switch.
Image credit: Hasbro, via Buzzfeed.
Monopoly's new line-up of tokens will arrive in sets sold from August 2017 onwards. Nothing else will change - the games rules will stay the same, meaning yes you do need to auction property and there's no such thing as a money stash under Free Parking.
Are you tired of having to manually cycle your rifle for every single shot? Now there's a batter way - don't be stuck in the past! Get the Howell Automatic Rifle! It's patented gas piston system does all the work for you, so you can start fighting with your rifle instead of fighting against your rifle!
The Howell is terrific for any tactical situation - it even works on the Irish! Order now, and we will include the tactical bipod stabilization system AND the extended trench magazine to give you 100% more firepower!
...
On a more serious note, the rifle is actually coming up for sale at the James D Julia auction house this month: http://jamesdjulia.com/item/1653-396/
And if you want one of my awesome Howell Automatic Rifle shirts, they really are a limited-time offer. Get yours here: https://shop.bbtv.com/products/forgotten-weapons-howell-automatic-rifle-shirt-black
http://www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Everything To Know About Eating at Houston's Day For Night Festival
Share Everything To Know About Eating at Houston's Day For Night Festival
On Friday, the critically-acclaimed Day For Night music and arts festival will kick off at Post HTX, and thousands of music-lovers from Houston and beyond will pour into the venue to hear performances from St. Vincent, Cardi B, James Blake, Thom Yorke, and more.
Once inside the festival, you're probably going to be so busy running from set to set that sneaking away to eat just isn't going to be an option. Fortunately, the festival's organizers have assembled a seriously stellar line-up of food trucks and other vendors serving up falafel, tacos, fried chicken, vegan cuisine, and so much more.
Without further ado, check out Eater's guide to dining at Day For Night, including a few solid best bets and a full list of vendors inside the festival grounds.
Best Bets
Peli Peli — With experience serving food at Austin City Limits festival under its belt, the Peli Peli team will be serving its foot-long steak and chicken kebabs, plus fried balls of mac and cheese.
— With experience serving food at Austin City Limits festival under its belt, the Peli Peli team will be serving its foot-long steak and chicken kebabs, plus fried balls of mac and cheese. Dasman — Mediterranean-inspired food truck serving shawarma, falafel, gyros, and spicy sriracha garlic fries.
— Mediterranean-inspired food truck serving shawarma, falafel, gyros, and spicy sriracha garlic fries. Coreanos — Korean-Mexican fusion truck serving KBBQ tacos, burritos, and fries topped with kimchi and marinated short rib.
— Korean-Mexican fusion truck serving KBBQ tacos, burritos, and fries topped with kimchi and marinated short rib. Pho-Jita Fusion — Truck serving a blend of Thai and Mexican dishes, including Thai red curry over ginger rice, “Thai-males” stuffed with basil chicken, and more.
— Truck serving a blend of Thai and Mexican dishes, including Thai red curry over ginger rice, “Thai-males” stuffed with basil chicken, and more. The Waffle Bus — Sweet and savory waffle sandwiches, stuffed with buttermilk fried chicken or Nutella and banana, are on offer at this bus, along with sliders with waffle fries for buns and chicken wings.
Where To Eat
Tout Suite — Score pastries and coffee from this popular Houston bakery.
Bomb Squad BBQ — Get a barbecue fix here.
Bowl'd Up — Bowls of all kinds — including poke, chicken katsu, and a trendy-healthy acai — are on offer from this Houston food truck.
The Burger Joint — This Houston institution will serve four different kinds of burgers (including a vegetarian option) and bacon-Parmesan fries.
Efe's Greek Food — An option for Mediterranean dishes.
Abu Omar Halal — Serving up the self-described “best shawarma in Houston,” score handheld sandwiches here that are easy to carry around the fest.
Happy Endings — Asian fusion dishes like taco bao, kimchi fries, barbecue pork buns, and Halal chicken adobo.
Hebros Kitchen — A food truck popular with music festivals that serves falafel and unique takes on macaroni and cheese.
Mexi Grill — Mexican fare is served here.
Mingo's Latin Kitchen — Score tacos, loaded fries, and deep-fried empanadas. Starving? Try the Mingo's fries, topped with sausage and chorizo gravy.
Muiishi Makirrito — Japanese and Mexican fusion truck serving burritos wrapped in nori, rice bowls, fries topped with chicken karaage, and more.
Phat Daddy's – Wood-fired pizzas, sandwiches, and soups.
Pizza Nova — Slices of pepperoni and cheese for all
Sammy's Wild Game Grill — Burgers and sausages made with exotic meats (think elk, iguana, python, and water buffalo).
Wokker — Brisket egg rolls, tamarind-sauced ribs, fried rice, and shaken beef await at this cheekily-named food truck.
Photo
The private equity firm Warburg Pincus has raised $4 billion for a new fund, its first dedicated to investments in the energy sector.
Warburg Pincus said on Monday that the final amount of capital raised for the fund was $1 billion higher than the initial goal, indicating robust demand among investors. The fund began soliciting capital in November 2013 and held an initial close in May.
The fund is intended to help Warburg Pincus take advantage of the North American energy boom, though it can also invest elsewhere. The private equity firm, which has invested in several energy companies over the years, decided to open a dedicated energy fund after its limited partner investors wanted more exposure to the sector, a person briefed on the strategy said.
The biggest private equity firms have plunged into this arena. This year, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts finished raising a $2 billion fund to invest in oil and gas assets. The Blackstone Group is raising an energy fund that is expected to exceed its $4 billion target when it finishes raising capital this year.
Photo
Warburg Pincus said its new fund would invest in energy companies focused on exploration and production, in addition to oil field services, mining and other sectors. Since it was founded in 1966, Warburg Pincus has invested and committed more than $9.5 billion in more than 50 companies related to energy, including the oil and natural gas company Antero Resources and the Canadian oil sands company MEG Energy.
The energy fund is a so-called companion to Warburg Pincus's current $11.2 billion private equity fund, meaning it may invest alongside that fund.
“This successful fund-raise reflects our strong track record and experience in energy investing globally as well as significant investor demand for the energy sector,” Joseph P. Landy, a co-chief executive of the firm, said in a statement.
Alfred I. Smith, III (Photo: MILFORD POLICE)
A Magnolia sex offender was arrested Tuesday after exposing themselves repeatedly to children on a nearby playground, Milford police said Friday.
Officers were contacted about a man — later identified as Alfred I. Smith III, 24 — standing in the doorway of a residence at Mispillion Apartment Complex in Milford naked, Detective Dwight Young said.
Adults on the playground, which Smith's apartment overlooked, reported seeing the man stand in the doorway naked multiple times, Young said.
When police charged Smith with indecent exposure, officers also learned they were a Tier 2 registered sex offender who failed to re-register at their new address, Young added.
Smith was also charged with failure to re-register as a sex offender and released on $1,500 unsecured bail.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1RZAhoU
IT'S the book political junkies have been salivating over and Tony Abbott loyalists have been fearing.
Former Liberal staffer and journalist Niki Savva's explosive account of the former prime minister's downfall, Road to Ruin: How Tony Abbott and Peta Credlin Destroyed Their Own Government, has already made headlines with its revelations about the pair facing affair rumours and the former chief of staff's temper.
Abbott responded to the book on Monday afternoon, saying: “A dysfunctional opposition couldn't win an election and a dysfunctional government couldn't have got so much done in just two years.”
“The best response to this book is the objective record of the Abbott government,” the statement said.
They added: “That said, I'm not in the business of raking over old coals nor am I in the business of responding to scurrilous gossip and smear.”
From buttock-slapping to pushing the PM's wife out of the picture, below are the seven most interesting stories from the controversial new book.
MYSTERY OF THE MARBLE TABLE SOLVED
Despite an increasing number of books, untold pages of newspaper space and hours of broadcasting devoted to Tony Abbott's downfall, there's one event in the recent leadership change that's resisted explanation.
That is, of course, until now. Savva claims to solve one of the great political mysteries of our time: Who broke the marble table?
Joe Hockey has been outed as the enthusiastic dancer who caused a taxpayer-purchased Italian marble table to crack into pieces as Abbott and their colleagues saw out their leadership in an office party the night they were deposed.
“Different people jumped onto an expensive marble-topped Italian table to speak or dance, but when Joe Hockey hopped on to it, the marble cracked,” Savva writes.
“Hockey fell straight through the middle.”
The incident led to one of the most entertaining Senate estimates hearings last year, where the value of the table and the events that brought about its destruction were debated. The matter was resolved by the former PM confirming they would personally cover the costs of the damage.
CREDLIN MADE STAFFERS' LIVES HELL
In a series of rare admissions, a number of former government staffers have come forward to air their grievances over their experiences in the Credlin-run office.
One former staffer, Fiona Telford, said they were repeatedly picked on and roared at by Ms Credlin.
They said on one occasion, the then-chief of staff called them “a f***ing useless bitch” and told them “you don't f***ing know anything”.
Ms Telford maintains they were blameless in the incident, and the abuse undeserved.
“She got to me, and it's taken me near on nine years to finally speak out about it now,” they are quoted as saying.
Another former staff member, Jane McMillan, is quoted as saying the office was “held hostage” to the chief of staff's moods.
“She would disappear, be uncontactable — or, worse — be present to single people out in group settings, and bully them,” they told Savva.
CREDLIN AND ABBOTT WERE WEIRDLY CLOSE
The unusual and ultimately destructive relationship between the former prime minister and their right-hand woman is at the centre of Savva's book, and, they suggest, Mr Abbott's downfall.
The odd closeness between the pair is demonstrated in some uncomfortable anecdotes shared by former colleagues.
A Liberal MP relayed a story to Savva that they say made their staffer sit “bolt upright” when the two joined Abbott and Ms Credlin for a meal in Melbourne.
“To their dismay, they watched Credlin feed Abbott — who had a voracious appetite, and had already polished off their main course — mouthfuls of food from their plate with their fork,” Savva writes.
“As the meal was ending, they put their head on their shoulder to complain about being tired, to which Abbott said they must go soon.”
Ms Credlin has dismissed the claims as “laughable” and “offensive”.
THERE WAS BUTTOCK SLAPPING INVOLVED
A minister is quoted in the book as claiming to have witnessed Mr Abbott slap the buttocks of Ms Credlin without realising they were being watched.
The unnamed minister said Ms Credlin smiled in response to the slap.
They WOULD DO JUST ABOUT ANYTHING FOR HIM
Savva has suggested Tony Abbott delegated their power as prime minister to their former chief of staff, but they also took care of the little things.
Along with the fork-feeding incident, the book details Ms Credlin taking up grooming duties for their boss too.
Ms Credlin would apply Tony Abbott's make-up before an event, then touch it up in front of people if necessary, a first for a chief of staff.
During the 2013 campaign they arranged the purchase of expensive matching Tumi luggage for themselves and Mr Abbott, inscribed, in gold, with their initials, the book claims.
MARGIE WAS TOTALLY SIDELINED
Though they were an asset to the 2013 election campaign that saw Abbott take office, their wife Margie soon disappeared from the spotlight.
It wasn't an accident, the book claims, and like many unusual decisions made over Abbott's prime ministership, the call to exclude the prime minister's wife was apparently made by Ms Credlin.
Savva recounts a story from a staffer tasked with preparing a briefing for Mrs Abbott so they knew their entitlements around use of ComCars and other benefits that can come with being the prime minister's spouse.
“She angrily berated the adviser, telling them this was not the White House: they did not work for the Prime Minister's wife; they worked for the Prime Minister,” writes Savva.
They record Ms Credlin saying: ‘If you get any requests for briefings for Margie's ladies' lunches, it's not going to happen.”
The book also claims “staff at Kirribilli could not order food for Margie or shop for meals, even family ones), despite the Abbotts residing at the official residence”, at Ms Credlin's insistence.
THEY WERE CONFRONTED OVER AFFAIR RUMOURS
After Abbott's “near-death experience” — a vote that saw 39 members of their cabinet signal they wanted them removed as prime minister last January — staff and MPs knew there were changes to be made.
One senator, Connie Fierraventi-Wells, bravely approached Abbott and Ms Credlin over what many believed was a major issue for their public image, and for the government, Savva's book reveals.
“Politics is about perceptions,” Savva quotes Ms Fierraventi-Wells as saying.
“Rightly or wrongly, the perception is that you are sleeping with your chief of staff. That's the perception, and you need to deal with it.”
According to Savva, Ms Fierraventi-Wells told Abbott they felt they needed to tell them “the brutal truth”. “This is what your colleagues really think,” Savva records them as saying.
The outspoken senator also confronted Ms Credlin over the rumours and perceptions. Like Abbott, they dismissed the issue and refused to address it.
The goal of this confrontation was to have Ms Credlin removed from Abbott's office, which clearly didn't happen.
Savva writes: “She tried to make Credlin see the consequences for themselves as well. ‘One day, Tony will be sitting on a park bench in Manly feeding the pigeons, and they will blame you,' they told her.”
One former staffer compared their relationship to that of King Edward III and American socialite Wallis Simpson, who were famously “slavishly dependent” on each other.
“This was not meant to imply an affair; it was meant to describe the depth of the dependence, the consuming obsession, and what Abbott was prepared to sacrifice for it,” Savva wrote.
“Like King Edward VIII, who gave up their throne because they could not do the job without Wallis by their side, Abbott had convinced themselves they could not do it without Credlin. Ultimately, it cost them the highest office in the land.”
They both seemed to agree Abbott could not perform as prime minister without Ms Credlin by theirs side.
In the end, they went down together.
bibliophage replies:
"Bury the hatchet" is an Indianism (a phrase borrowed from Native American speech). The term comes from an Iroquois ceremony in which war axes or other weapons were literally buried in the ground as a symbol of newly made peace. The other two languages spoken by Europeans in close contact with the Iroquois in and around what is now New York state also use the phrase: enterrer la hache de guerre and de strijdbijl begraven. (I leave it as an exercise for the reader to determine which is French and which is Dutch.)
According to tradition–no doubt based largely on fact–the Iroquois leaders Deganawidah and Hiawatha convinced the Five Nations (the Mohawk, Oneida, Onondaga, Cayuga, and Seneca) to stop fighting amongst themselves and form a confederacy. This probably happened before Columbus sailed, but how much before is a matter of dispute. To celebrate the new peace, the Iroquois buried their weapons under the roots of a white pine. An underground river then miraculously washed the weapons away so the tribes could never use them against each other again. I haven't been able to determine whether this was the first such ceremony or just a continuation of an older Iroquoian peace-making tradition.
European missionaries and settlers took note of the tradition in the seventeenth century. French records from 1644 relate that the Iroquois visiting Quebec "proclaim that they wish to unite all the nations of the earth and to hurl the hatchet so far into the depths of the earth that it shall never again be seen in the future" [translation from Thwaites' monumental Jesuit Relations].
The first mention of the practice in English is to an actual hatchet-burying ceremony. Years before they gained notoriety for presiding over the Salem witch trials, Samuel Sewall wrote in 1680, "I writt to you in one [letter] of the Mischief the Mohawks did; which occasioned Major Pynchon's goeing to Albany, where meeting with the Sachem the[y] came to an agreemt and buried two Axes in the Ground; one for English another for themselves; which ceremony to them is more significant & binding than all Articles of Peace[,] the hatchet being a principal weapon with them."
If the phrase is of Indian origin, why "hatchet" and not "tomahawk"? It wasn't always. In 1705 Beverly wrote of "very ceremonious ways to concluding of Peace, such as burying a Tomahawk." Tomahawk variations remained popular for over a century, but eventually "hatchet" buried "tomahawk." That's not inappropriate, since tomahawk is an Algonquian word, not Iroquoian.
Though the practice was familiar early on, the exact phrase "bury the hatchet" didn't crop up until 1753. On September 18th of that year, the Lord Commissioners of Trade and the Plantations in London wrote a letter to the Governor of Maryland that reads, "His Majesty having been pleased to order a Sum of Money to be Issued for Presents to the Six Nations of Indians [the Iroquois] and to direct their Governour of New York to hold an Interview with them for Delivering those presents [and] for Burying the Hatchet …"
Non-Iroquois tribes were practicing the ceremony by the end of the French and Indian War. In 1761, after the French surrendered Canada, their traditional allies the Micmac (an Algonquian people) buried the hatchet with the British. In the decades after American independence, Congress buried the hatchet with several tribes, many of which (like the Chickasaw) were not Iroquoian.
The opposite of burying the hatchet is taking it up, which occurs in English as early as 1694. Variants include "dig up," "raise," etc. But these war-making phrases are now much rarer than "bury the hatchet."
Before the end of the eighteenth century, the phrase was extended to include peace between countries, specifically between the U.S. and U.K. After signing their treaty in 1794, John Jay wrote to Lord Grenville, "To use an Indian expression, may the hatchet be henceforth buried for ever, and with it all the animosities, which sharpened, and which threatened to redden it."
In the early nineteenth century, the phrase was extended further to refer to personal or professional relations between individuals, the sense in which it is most widely used today. In 1807, during the Aaron Burr trial, Maj. James Bruff testified, "I had long been persecuted by the General [Wilkinson], but wished to bury the hatchet." Knowing now that Wilkinson was a traitor, we can form our own opinions on where they should have buried it.
Further reading:
O Brave New Words!: Native American Loanwords in Current English (1994) by Charles L. Cutler
Encyclopedia of the Haudenosaunee (Iroquois Confederacy) (2000), edited by Bruce Elliott Johansen and Barbara Alice Mann
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
Related
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD, CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY. THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST, THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI, NOT CECIL, SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED.
Next week's Super Bowl is set to be played at Levi's Stadium, which is the home field of the San Francisco 49ers despite its location in Santa Clara. This makes San Francisco this year's host city, meaning it will be subject to an influx of NFL fans and pervasive league marketing leading up to the game.
As one would expect, many local residents are not very happy with this development, and some have resorted to vandalism to express their displeasure. At the wrong end of these actions is one of the NFL's garish Super Bowl 50 statures it placed smack in the middle of scenic Alamo Square.
The statue was knocked over two separate times, and the words at its base were rearranged to spell out, “Superb Owl,” and “Oops.”
This particular statue is one of 10 the NFL placed all over the city, each one weighing about 1,600 pounds with self-contained generators to light them up at night.
The Alamo Square statue was not the only one to fall victim to vigilante justice. The one placed in front of City Hall was also preyed on with some clever letter rearrangement as well as in San Francisco Park.
I am not condoning vandalism here, but it is hilarious to think the NFL believed something like this was anything but inevitable.
[SFist/Photo: KGO-TV]
One of the chief creators of the Common Core math standards is warning America's parents to stop teaching their own children basic math because, they say, public school teachers are well-trained experts who understand rudimentary arithmetic far better.
The directive to leave children submerged in confusion as they try to do homework comes from Jason Zimba, who was part of a trio that originally wrote the Common Core math standards.
“The math instruction on the part of parents should be low. The teacher is there to explain the curriculum,” Zimba told The Hechinger Report, an education journalism website published by Columbia University's Teachers College.
“The most important rule as a parent is to make sure it gets done,” said Zimba, who believes they themselves is too busy to stoop to math assistance. “I may not have time to do an impromptu lesson on math but I can make sure everything is completed.”
Zimba, who has a Ph.D. in physics, also founded Student Achievement Partners, an outfit which coaches teachers in Common Core implementation.
The entire story by The Hechinger Report strongly urges parents to avoid attempts to help their struggling children with Common Core math homework and implicitly blames parents for getting frustrated. (VIDEO: Under New Common Core, 3 x 4 = 11)
Also, the 1,096 pieces suggests, parents should only demonstrate methods of adding and subtracting numbers which have worked very well for hundreds of years — such as carrying numbers — if they emphasize to their own children that the exotic methods currently taught in schools are just as good. (RELATED: Common Core Teaches Kids New Way To Add 9 + 6 That Takes 54 Seconds)
“Make sure you are in touch with the school,” adds Lauren Fine, a teacher in Denver, Colo.
Common Core has long taken a beating in the court of public opinion, but it proved surprisingly durable in 2015 and likely isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
Following the Republican sweep of the midterm elections, it was widely expected that the shared math and English standards would be repealed and replaced in many if not most Republican-controlled states.
But that didn't happen. Repeal efforts in Mississippi, both Dakotas, and several other states failed completely. In some states, like Louisiana and Tennessee, efforts at total repeal resulted in compromises to set up commissions to review and suggest amendments to Common Core. In South Carolina, which officially repealed Common Core last year, the replacement standards were attacked by critics as nearly identical, and in North Carolina a commission's failure to suggest substantial changes has imperiled a repeal effort there. (RELATED: Bill Gates Loves Common Core For Your Kids, BUT NOT HIS)
Follow Eric on Twitter. Like Eric on Facebook. Send education-related story tips to erico@dailycaller.com.
After failing miserably in their 2016 bid for the White House, several sources are reporting today that Hillary Clinton is mulling a potential run for New York City Mayor. Although Mayor de Blasio, whose term ends at the end of 2017, has close ties to the Clintons there is no love lost between the two after de Blasio initially refused to endorse Hillary's presidential bid.
According to New York's Daily News, Hillary is being pressured by many New York Democrats to challenge Mayor de Blasio and wouldn't explicitly rule out a run when pressed by one top Dem late in 2016.
Hillary Clinton left open the possibility of running for mayor of New York City this year in a private conversation with a top Democrat, a well-placed source told the Daily News. Clinton, who is being pressed by many New York Dems to get back into the game by running for mayor, did not rule out challenging current City Hall occupant Mayor de Blasio in that conversation, the source said.
Meanwhile, we assume that Hillary hosted a strategy session on the topic with John Podesta and Huma Abedin that went something like this:
This article is about London fires predating the fire of 1666. For that fire, see Great Fire of London
In common with all old cities, London has experienced numerous serious fires in the course of its history.
Roman [ edit ]
Boudica's Revolt [ edit ]
The earliest fire of which there is definitive evidence occurred in 60 AD, during the revolt led by Queen Boudica, whose forces burned the town then known as Londinium to the ground. This fire was so destructive that archaeologists still use the clearly defined layer of ash deposited by the flames to date the strata below the city.
The Hadrianic Fire [ edit ]
Archaeological evidence suggests that some time in the ten years following the visit of Roman emperor Hadrian in AD 122, a huge fire or possibly a series of fires destroyed a 100-acre (0.40 km2) area of the ancient city.[1] Only a handful of the more robust Roman buildings, such as the Roman fort at Cripplegate, survived the flames and the city was largely wiped out.
Another great fire broke out in London in 675, destroying the Saxon cathedral that was built of wood. The cathedral was rebuilt in stone in the years 675-685.[2] Fires were also reported for 798 and 982. In 989, a fire occurred "that, beginning in Aldgate, [it] burned down houses and churches all the way to Ludgate."
Norman [ edit ]
A major fire occurred in London in 1087, at the beginning of the reign of William Rufus. It consumed much of the Norman city. St Paul's Cathedral was the most significant building to be destroyed in this blaze, which also damaged the Palatine tower built by William the Conqueror on the banks of the River Fleet so badly that the remains had to be pulled down. Part of the stone from the tower was then used in the reconstruction of the cathedral.[citation needed]
The Two Great Medieval Fires of London [ edit ]
Before 1666, the phrase "Great Fire of London" was generally used by Londoners to denote one of two major conflagrations in the early medieval period:
The Great Fire of 1135 [ edit ]
The first dates to Pentecost 1135 (Sunday, 26 May), and according to differing traditions started either on London Bridge or in the home of the Sheriff of London, Gilbert Becket (Beket), a mercer and father of Thomas Becket. This blaze was so severe that it destroyed most of the city between St Paul's and St Clement Danes in Westminster. The chronicler Matthew Paris records that the fire destroyed St Paul's Cathedral once again, but this was not the case. One indication of the severity of the fire can be seen in assessments of Gilbert Becket's wealth, based largely on their London property, which declined sharply in its aftermath.
The Great Fire of 1212 [ edit ]
The second of the two great medieval fires of London, also known as "the Great Fire of Suthwark" [sic], began on 10 July 1212 in Southwark, the borough directly to the south of London Bridge. The flames destroyed Our Lady of the Canons (Southwark Cathedral, also known as St Mary Overie) and strong southerly winds pushed them towards the bridge, which also caught fire. London Bridge had only just been rebuilt in stone, and the structure itself survived the blaze. However, King John had authorised the construction of houses on the bridge, the rents from which were supposed to pay for its maintenance, and it appears that these were lost to the flames.
The earliest account of the blaze appears in the Liber de Antiquis Legibus ("Book on Ancient Laws"), composed in 1274 and today the oldest book preserved among the records of the City of London Corporation. This states:
"In this year was the Great Fire of Suthwark [sic], and it burned the church of St Mary [Overy], as also the Bridge, with the chapel there, and the great part of the city."
According to later traditions, however, numerous casualties were incurred when a mass of citizens from London rushed onto the bridge at the first signs of fire, intending to cross the river to help extinguish the flames. High winds carried red-hot embers across the river and ignited buildings on the north side of the bridge. This fire trapped a large number of people, many of whom died either in the blaze or while attempting to escape on overloaded boats that had come to their aid. One later chronicle related:
"An exceeding great multitude of people passing the Bridge, either to extinguish or quench it, or else to gaze at and behold it, suddenly the north part, by blowing of the south wind, was also set on fire, and the people which were even now passing the Bridge, perceiving the same, would have returned, but were stopped by the fire."
Some estimates put the number of people killed on London Bridge alone at 3,000, and this figure appears in the Guinness Book of Records, although it is not contemporary. Ben Johnson thinks that this is an exaggeration as, at the time, the whole population of London was no more than 50,000 - their rationale for suggesting that 3,000 deaths out of 50,000 is implausible is not, however, explained. Nevertheless, no reliable evidence survives to allow an accurate estimate of the number of casualties caused by the great fire of 1212, but it is known that the damage done to London Bridge was such that the structure remained a ruin, only partially usable, for years afterwards.[3]
Other notable fires [ edit ]
There were other serious fires in London in 1130 and 1132. Further major fires of London are noted in 13th century London in the years 1220, 1227, and 1299, but none that had the impact of the Great Fire of 1212.
Another fire broke out in 1633,[4] destroying 42 premises on the northern third of London Bridge and a further eighty buildings on Thames Street. Some of these buildings were not repaired or replaced, and this accidental "firebreak" prevented the bridge from being damaged by the Great Fire of London three decades later in September 1666.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Benham, William (1902). Old St Paul's Cathedral . London: Seeley & Co.
. London: Seeley & Co. Brooke, Christopher, and Gillian Kerr (1975). London 800-1216: The Shaping of a City . London: Secker & Warburg.
. London: Secker & Warburg. Hibbert, Christopher (1989). London: The Biography of a City . London: Longmans.
. London: Longmans. Lambert, B. (1806). Lambert's History of London . London: T. Hughes. Vol.I pp. 88–9.
. London: T. Hughes. Vol.I pp. 88–9. Pearce, Patricia (2001). Old London Bridge: The Story of the Longest Inhabited Bridge in Europe . London: Headline.
. London: Headline. Riley, H. T. (1863). Chronicles of the Mayors & Sheriffs of London AD 1188 to AD 1274 . London: Trubner.
. London: Trubner. Watson, Bruce (2001). London Bridge: 2,000 Years of a River Crossing. English Heritage Archaeological Service.
About 15 months or so ago, I bought some SiaCoin using Bitcoin. At the time, it was about $140 worth. Today, thanks to Bitcoin's rise, it would be worth about $1,000.
But I lost mine, thanks to Sia's protocol, so I now have $0. But it's not Sia's fault. It's mine. And I'm happy it happened.
Sia is a company that, like Storj, FileCoin, and MaidSafe, promises to help you monetize the extra storage space on your hard drive in return for tokens.
The way Sia works is as follows:
You decide you want to lease out your hard drive You download a local file (Apple and Mac are generally available). You install it and set it up, telling the protocol how much you want to rent
Now, here's where Sia differs (as far as I call tell) from its competitors. (Keep in mind, I am not saying that this is better or worse, I am just calling it out.)
Storj immediately starts paying you. FileCoin doesn't have a product yet. But, with Sia, before you can participate in the network, you have to buy some SiaCoin, which is a signal that “you want to participate in the value creation and distribution of the network.”
You then “stake” part of your money to the network that basically signals your financial commitment to the project.
Then, you leave your computer on and files (which are encrypted and sharded) are placed on your hard drive from around the network.
Here's the thing though.
Sia only works if the files are available when the end user requests them. At a simple level, if your file is on my computer but my computer is off, you cannot access your files. Imagine if Dropbox or Google Drive were never available. You'd quickly look for an alternative.
That's what Sia wants to avoid, so they way it addresses that problem is by creating a financial mechanism that punishes you for having your computer offline.
I don't know the technical term, but you may as well call it “programmatic burn.”
What this means is that, for every period of time X that your computer is not connected to the Sia network (and thereby making files available), you are punished by losing a portion of the stake you hold.
Stay offline entirely and you lose all your money.
That's what happened to me. I wasn't connected to the Sia network for an extended period of time.
(In my minimal defense, Sia released at least two new versions of the software during my trial period and, each time, I had to set up a new wallet. This process wasn't smooth, and it's definitely possible that some funds were simply lost in that migration. I won't bet any Sia on it — not that I have any — but that's my instinct).
Mostly, though, it is my fault. I didn't abide by the rules of the protocol, so I was punished for my behavior.
The net result is that, with reduced supply of Sia coin, the value of the other Sia coins go higher, assuming consistent demand, and even higher with increased demand.
Consistent demand comes from consistent availability of storage supply. And the supply will increase because of the increased value of the token (SiaCoin).
What Sia did in building the protocol was created a system where I have an incentive to stay connected to its network.
If you really want a great read on the economics of decentralized protocols, look at Primoz Kordez's piece on the topic. I found it very helpful.
So, while it is never fun to lose money, it's easy to feel better about it when it comes in the form of a great education about an evolving type of business model. [Full disclosure: I have no relationship with Sia.]
Jeremy Epstein is CEO of Never Stop Marketing and author of The CMO Primer for the Blockchain World. They currently work with startups in the blockchain and decentralization space, including OpenBazaar, IOTA, and Zcash.
FBI Director James Comey has defended their decision to cover their webcam with tape after they were widely mocked for their no-frills security tip earlier this year.
The FBI boss said that physically covering the webcam on their laptop is common sense and a step that everyone should follow.
'There are some sensible things you should be doing, and that's one of them,' Comey said during a conference at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Scroll down for video
FBI boss James Comey said that physically covering the webcam on their laptop is common sense and a step that everyone should follow
'You go into any government office and we all have the little camera things that sit on top of the screen,' they added, according to a report in The Hill.
'They all have a little lid that closes down on them.
'You do that so that people who don't have authority don't look at you. I think that's a good thing.'
The Bureau director added that people should 'take responsibility for their own safety and security'.
In April, Comey was mocked on Twitter after revealing that uses tape to cover up their laptop webcam to ensure privacy.
Speaking at an encryption and privacy Q&A session at Kenyon College at the time, Comey said: 'I saw something in the news, so I copied it.
'I put a piece of tape — I have obviously a laptop, personal laptop — I put a piece of tape over the camera.
'Because I saw somebody smarter than I am had a piece of tape over their camera.'
Comey's comment quickly became the source of much amusement on Twitter with many mocking the director's 'double standards'
Many have commented on the director's hypocrisy in doing this when they have said tech companies should not make devices that are 'unhackable' to law enforcement
Their comment was made in response to a question about growing public awareness of the ways in which technology can spy on people
But many have commented on the director's hypocrisy in doing this when they have said technology companies should not make devices that are 'unhackable' to law enforcement.
Activists argue that by putting tape over their webcam, they are doing just that.
Earlier this year, the FBI dropped its court case attempting to force Apple to hack into an iPhone belonging to the San Bernardino terrorists.
MARK ZUCKERBERG COVERS MACBOOK CAM WITH TAPE In June, a photo of Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg revealed their concerns about being spied on. A photo that they shared to help celebrate Instagram's 500 million monthly active users shows the camera and audio jack on the billionaire's Macbook covered with pieces of tape. Zuckerberg celebrates Instagram's 500 million monthly active users - their Macbook is visible in the background A close-up of the image shows the webcam and microphone on Zuckerberg's laptop both covered with tape. The picture was widely circulated on the web after the no-frills security measure was spotted After posting the photo online, Chris Olson was the first to point out on Twitter that tape is covering their camera and audio jack on their Macbook at their desk. It's rumored that skilled hackers are able to take over the front facing cameras on laptops when they're not covered up. It appears as though Zuckerberg, who is worth $35.7billion, is trying to prevent that from happening by placing a piece of tape over their camera, making the webcam useless.
In that case, the FBI said it had found a way to break into the iPhone 5S used by the San Bernardino attackers without Apple's help, but stressed the method would not work on most iPhones.
Comey's comment quickly became the source of much amusement on Twitter with many mocking the director's supposed 'double standards'.
And Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist and a senior policy analyst with the ACLU Speech, Privacy, and Technology Project, accused the director of having a double standard for their own privacy:
They said: '[The public should] demand to know how the government conducts surveillance. Demand to know how they're overseen, how they're constrained. Demand to know how these devices work.'
And it was recently revealed that the US government has been able to secretly spy on its citizens through their computer's webcams for several years.
The FBI has long been able to activate a computer's camera without triggering the 'recording light' to let the owner know the webcam is on, a former assistant director of its tech division has said.
Their usage of remote administration tools (RATs) comes to light as the world's most powerful technology firms call on Barack Obama to curb government spying on internet users.
The FBI have been able to use the spyware technology for years and have put it in place in terrorism cases or the most serious criminal investigations, Marcus Thomas, former assistant director of the FBI's Operational Technology Division in Quantico, told The Washington Post.
The team use the same technique as ratters, by infecting the computer with a malicious software – 'malware – through phishing.
By sending an email with a link, which could be to a website, an image or a video, the user is tricked into downloading a small piece of software onto their machine.
After six years and 340 episodes, weekly online video show Diggnation is coming to an end, parent company Revision3 has announced.
Featuring Kevin Rose and Alex Albrecht, Diggnation pairs the top tech stories from Digg with copious amounts of alcohol, frat boy humor and general nerd humor. The show made its debut in July 2005 and helped pioneer a new wave of weekly, topic-focused web programming.
The show has proven to be immensely popular over the years, with thousands showing up to live shows and events. Diggnation helped prove that a business model for original, niche focused online web video could exist. Revision3 now boasts more than 80 million monthly views. While the network has many more shows on its slate, Diggnation is still among its five most watched shows, according to the The New York Times.
Much like Digg itself, Diggnation has lost its relevancy over the years, as others have joined the daily and weekly tech news space and traditional media groups have taken a greater interest in web video. As the online content space has matured, the competition for viewers' eyeballs cut or download queue has only increased. In the tech programming space alone, Revision3 faces competition from Leo Laporte's TWiT.tv (which started around the same time as Diggnation), Dan Benjamin's 5by5.tv and Jason Calacanis's ThisWeekIn.
Regardless, the end of Diggnation represents the end of an era. Albrecht will continue to focus on other web shows, including Revision3's Totally Rad Show and Rose will focus on their latest venture, Milk.
The show will tape its last episode in December. We'll be sure to pour one out in tribute.
ASPEN — The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is set to publicly release — as early as next week — selected and carefully redacted portions of its 6,300 page report on controversial CIA detention, rendition, and interrogation techniques used after 9/11, several administration and intelligence officials said.
The report — the subject of a now-public feud betweenthe CIA and the committee, led by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif. — containsthe final rounds of administration redactions. The White House, which has beentrying to mediate the bickering, is set to give portions of the report back tothe committee early next week, multiple officials said. The committee will thenhave one more opportunity to protest any redactions they don't agree withbefore releasing selected excerpts to the public. The release is expected toinclude a long executive summary, a CIA response, and a dissent by thecommittee's Republican minority staff.
No official release date has been set, but several sourcesfamiliar with the discussion said the release would come in “very earlyAugust.” One official said the committee had an interest in releasing thereport before Congress leaves for its August recess at the end of next week.
Several former CIA officials who could be implicated in thereport for misleading Congress have been preparing for its imminent release,according to multiple officials and several news reports.
The White House arranged this week for several former seniorintelligence officials — including Former CIA Directors Michael Hayden, PorterGoss and George Tenet and former acting directors John McLaughlin and MichaelMorell — to read the committee's long executive summary of the report in aclassified setting, the Associated Press reported.Morell was spotted entering the headquarters of the Office of the Director ofNational Intelligence on Friday.
Other senior officials, including former CIA Acting GeneralCounsel John Rizzo, who earlier had turned down the chance to read theexecutive summary, were told this week they would now not be given the chancethis to review the report in advance of the imminent release, the AP reported.
"They are accusing people of misleading Congress, ofmisleading the Justice Department, and they never even asked to talk tous," Rizzo told the AP. "And now they won't let us read the reportbefore it is made public."
Behind the scenes, Tenet has “quietly engineered acounterattack against the Senate committee's voluminous report,” according to TheNew York Times,reflecting the CIA's belief that their interests were not protected during theCommittee's long investigation and the White House's mediation of the feud,which spilled out into public view when Feinstein accused the CIA of spying onher investigative staff.
Feinstein took to the Senate floor to accuse the CIA of monitoring staff performing the investigation and then removingsensitive and incriminating documents from the trove that the committee hadaccess to, in an attempt to thwart the investigation.
The CIA accused Feinstein's staff of printing out classifieddocuments and taking them back to their Senate offices. Feinstein said that wasdone to keep them safe and ensure they were not destroyed. Among them was aseries of documents called the “Internal Panetta Review.”
“What was unique and interesting about the internaldocuments was not their classification level, but rather their analysis andacknowledgement of significant CIA wrongdoing,” Feinstein said on the floor.
In their floor speech, Feinstein also directly accused the CIAof misleading Congress about the harshness and effectiveness of interrogationtechniques used in the years following the 9/11 attacks.
“The interrogations and the conditions of confinement at theCIA detention sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIAhad described them to us,” they said.
The embattled subprime mortgage servicer Ocwen Financial on Friday reached a settlement with a California regulator that will allow it to continue operating in the state.
As part of a consent order with the California Department of Business Oversight, Ocwen must pay $2.5 million in penalties and agree to pay for a third-party auditor that will ensure that the firm complies with regulators' requests for information.
The state agency had moved in October to suspend Ocwen's license to operate in California after it said the company had repeatedly failed to provide loan files it had requested about its servicing operation.
The department had been reviewing whether Ocwen was complying with a recently enacted California Homeowners Bill of Rights, which among other things entitles the state's residents to certain protections during the mortgage modification and foreclosure process.
The regulator said Ocwen had failed to turn over all the information it had asked for, even when the department issued an administrative subpoena compelling it to do so.
The consent order prevents Ocwen from accepting new loans in California until the department determines that it can respond to the agency's information requests in a timely manner.
“The department is committed to supporting a fair and secure financial services marketplace for all California consumers,” Jan Lynn Owen, the commissioner of the Department of Business Oversight, said in a statement. “This settlement allows us to move forward and ensure that Ocwen is meeting its obligations under the law.”
Ocwen did not immediately provide a comment on the settlement.
Separately on Friday, a group of investors in mortgage-backed securities that are serviced by Ocwen said they had notified the trustees of those bonds that Ocwen had failed to “perform, in material respects, its contractual obligations, as servicer,” a possible step toward a lawsuit.
Ty Cobb is the director of global programs at the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer civil rights organization in the United States. Becca Heller is the director and co-founder of the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP) at the Urban Justice Center and a visiting clinical lecturer in law at Yale Law School. The views expressed in this commentary are their own.
(CNN) Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) people have long faced serious persecution by governments, paramilitary organizations and their own families in the Middle East and North Africa. The rise of the Islamic State has produced particularly horrific instances of targeted violence and bloodshed.
Gay and bisexual men, as well as transgender men and women, have been publicly identified as targets for violence. Accusations of being gay to have often been used as justification to kill anyone caught in the crosshairs. They have been methodically hunted down through social media and phone logs. When caught, ISIS militants have tied nooses around these men's necks and dragged them behind trucks, burned them alive, thrown them off buildings and stoned them to death.
Lesbians and bisexual women are no better off. Like too many women in the Middle East, they are often forced or sold into opposite-sex marriages, sexually assaulted and even beaten or starved to death by husbands or families who reject them as a stain on their honor.
They flee and become refugees to save their own lives. US President Donald Trump's recent announcement is tantamount to a death sentence for many of these refugees.
By slashing the number of refugees allowed into the US from 110,000 to 50,000 and bringing the refugee system to a complete halt for 120 days, President Trump's refugee plan will cause real harm for real people. And, it appears their administration may no longer prioritize admission for LGBTQ refugees who are escaping extreme violence.
Their executive order attempts to offer an olive branch to the LGBTQ community by prohibiting people from entering the United States who would " oppress " Americans based on their sexual orientation. As it happens, people who oppress others are already excludable as refugees under current law, so this portion of the executive order is functionally meaningless.
Further, it inserts a litmus test into the United States refugee admissions program that Vice President Pence and many of President Trump's current cabinet nominees would not be able to pass. Vice President Pence has never left any question about their animus toward LGBTQ people , from peddling a hateful and damaging "right to discriminate bill" in Indiana last year, to their long-standing opposition to marriage equality.
President Trump's executive order claims these actions will "ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward it and its founding principles." This language perpetuates a lie that refugees reject our nation's values, and it serves only to bolster Islamophobic sentiments across the country.
It is also far from the case for LGBTQ refugees and others who see the United States as a beacon of hope. Some of the most loyal and proud Americans we know entered this country as refugees, and they cherish American values in a way that only those who have escaped authoritarian regimes can comprehend.
Follow CNN Opinion Join us on Twitter and Facebook
Last summer, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) and the International Refugee Assistance Project (IRAP) partnered to host a summit in Washington, D.C., focused on helping LGBTQ refugees in the age of ISIS. We issued guidance on what more the US government could do to help this population.
Our report highlighted the need to provide LGBTQ Iraqis the opportunity to claim refugee status while still in their own country, reducing their processing time and allowing them to reach safety more quickly, and permitting lawyers to accompany LGBTQ refugees to protection and resettlement interviews.
Never in our wildest dreams did we expect that in less than a year the entire United States refugee admissions program would grind to a halt. Never did we expect that one of the world's most important safety valves would be plugged.
During that summit, a young Iraqi refugee spoke out. "For me," they said, "it was not a question of 'if,' but 'when'" they would experience violence for being gay.
Now, the Trump administration is telling people like him, "We don't care." But HRC, IRAP, and millions of Americans do care. We must continue to raise our voices in support of refugees and we must continue to provide critical services to support the most vulnerable among us."
India's fans secured the early bragging rights ahead of next month's Champions Trophy by defeating a team of Pakistan fans in a series of games for the Edgbaston Fans Trophy.
The event, which had originally been scheduled to take place at Attock Cricket Club, was.moved indoors to the Edgbaston Cricket Centre following heavy rain. After two eight-over games ended with one win per side, a Super Over was called to decide the winner with India securing victory by four runs.
The event, which formed part of the Nissan Trophy Tour, was a partnership event between Warwickshire County Cricket Club, the ECB, the National Asian Cricket Council (NACC) and Attock Cricket Club, aimed at deepening the ties between Birmingham's South Asian communities, ahead of India's clash with Pakistan at Edgbaston on June 4.
"Whilst there is a great rivalry between both teams, tonight's games were played in the true spirit of cricket, which highlighted just how sport can bring together people of all backgrounds and beliefs," said Neil Snowball, Warwickshire's chief executive.
"Our thanks go to the ECB, NACC and Attock CC for their support and congratulations to both teams on creating a thrilling climax to the event."
Mohammed Arif, ECB National Growth Manager for Diverse Communities, said: "The Edgbaston Fans Trophy match was a great example how to engage with true fans who have followed India and Pakistan around the world through cricket. The excitement that the games provided and experience of playing under pressure was amazing for players and supporters.
"South Asian engagement is a key focus for the ECB over the next few years and we are keen align with the participants that play, attend and follow."
"Many of the players representing the teams play outside of the traditional structure of cricket clubs and competitions that take place on Saturdays," added Gulfraz Riaz, Chairman of the National Asian Cricket Council. "Instead they take part in Parks Leagues and other tournaments, which are thriving.
"Tonight has been a great showcase for these competitions with some great cricket on show for the spectators in attendance."
Ryan Clark and Jeff Saturday break down what the addition of Dontari Poe means for the Atlanta defense. (1:02)
New Atlanta Falcons defensive tackle Dontari Poe is ready to play ball.
The two-time Pro Bowler, formerly of the Kansas City Chiefs, sounded like a man eager to show their full potential when they addressed the Atlanta-area media for the first time via conference call Friday. Poe talked about the bond they already established with coach Dan Quinn, a bond that helped lead to their selection of the Falcons over the Jacksonville Jaguars, Indianapolis Colts and Miami Dolphins. Poe agreed to a one-year, $8 million contract that includes incentives that can take it up to $10 million, according to ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Quinn plans to play Poe at both nose tackle and the 3-technique spot.
"He just said he's going to let me play ball," Poe said of Quinn. "He watched film of me and they saw the ability that I had. They just thought I could be a dominant player, so he's just going to let me play."
Dan Quinn plans to play Dontari Poe at both nose tackle and the 3-technique spot. Scott Winters/Icon Sportswire
To play up to their best potential and play the attacking style Quinn always preaches, Poe has to be at the proper weight. It's something they and Quinn discussed during their visit earlier in the week. Poe said they currently weigh 340 pounds with plans to slim down for the 2017 season.
"He just told me they wanted me to come in and play fast and be aggressive," Poe said, "so around 330 is where I'll play at most of the year. I feel like that will be a comfortable weight for me, too."
Finding a comfortable weight should help Poe thrive in the middle of the Falcons' defense. He'll draw some double-teams, which will free up others to rush the passer and stop the run. But one aspect of Poe's game that might be on display more often than before is their ability to rush the passer. Their sheer strength will help them push the pocket, but they have the athleticism to go after and bring down quarterbacks to help Vic Beasley Jr., Grady Jarrett, Adrian Clayborn and the rest of the line.
The system they played in with the Chiefs didn't necessarily feature them in that capacity, but Quinn wants all their defensive linemen to have rush ability.
"This style of defense, like I said, it lets D-linemen play," Poe said. "It lets us play football, it lets us attack, it lets us go do what D-linemen were made to do. I definitely feel like it will be real good for me."
There were questions about Poe's back after they had surgery to fix a herniated disk while with the Chiefs. It didn't keep Poe from missing any game time as they played 781 defensive snaps last season.
"The back is all the way good," Poe said.
Said Quinn about Poe's back: "All good with Dontari's back. We may modify some (workouts, practices), like all guys. But we can't wait to get them into our system and let them get after it."
As for Poe moonlighting as a Wildcat quarterback or fullback in the goal-line offense, as they did in Kansas City, they haven't had those discussions with Quinn just yet.
"That was nothing I ever talked about; it just kind of happened in K.C.," Poe said of playing offense. "If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, I'm here to play defense anyway, so I'm cool with that."
On Tuesday, October 13th of this year, former basketball player and two-time NBA champion Lamar Odom was found unconscious in a Las Vegas brothel during an extended stay. I was absolutely shocked at the news but not completely bewildered at the cause of the latest chapter in Lamar's tumultuous story. With each passing day, small trinkets of information leaked into the mainstream media that provided additional fodder to the already growing narrative surrounding this incident. Premature obituaries, speculation as to whether or not that “Reality star” brought TV cameras with them to their bedside and the cause of this incident dominated the news cycle that week. The cause? Drugs. A nearly lethal concoction of multiple narcotics were said to be contributed to the stroke that Lamar suffered that Tuesday afternoon. Sadly, as previously mentioned, I was not surprised that drugs played the role as catalyst for this predicament.
The former NBA 6th Man of the Year has battled drug addiction, publicly and privately, for quite some time. Many people blame their high-profiled relationship turned marriage for their malfeasance. One could form an opinion that Odom's drug habits were exacerbated by becoming being engulfed by and entrenched in the reality television world; that may be so, but at the end of the day, they were a man that suffered from an addiction which claims the lives of thousands of Americans each year. Quick aside: Reality TV star Lamar Odom? Come on. Certain news organizations should do their homework when it comes to the subjects of their news story. They were an NBA player first and foremost, not just an ancillary piece in a dark vortex of a family television show. Scott van Pelt sums up this sentiment and speaks volumes in this short clip about this matter.
We all know, or at some point in our lives, have known someone that is dealing with addiction. Albeit, said addiction may not be apparent or explicitly shown by the person dealing with that problem. Narcotics, alcohol, and sexual addictions are some of the more prevalent vices that tend to get out of hand. We all have our vices: maybe it's an extra piece of red velvet cake after a stressful day or the occasional cigarette after a long week at the office. It could even be binge-watching several movies in a two day span in order to escape reality for a weekend. Addiction is not always illegal activity but addiction is human. There is an illusion of control, however, for the more serious types of addiction. Once all control is lost, like in Lamar's case, some dangerous repercussion could occur. Even though they did not come out completely unscathed, that man should be extremely fortunate that they are still alive today.
Everything in moderation, even moderation. – Oscar Wilde
Enter Elliot Alderson, the protagonist, maybe the antagonist, of the USA television thriller “Mr. Robot.” The show takes place in New York City with a plot that centralizes around Elliot who is a security engineer by day and a vigilante, serial hacker by night. The “Batman” of the coding community if you will. At first glance, Mr. Robot does seem like a nerdy television drama aimed at a demographic that is fluent in HTML colloquials. Hell, even the titling of each episode is further proof that this show is only geared towards a specific coding audience (“eps1.0_hellofriend.mov”, “eps1.2_d3bug.mkv”, “eps1.8_m1rr0r1ng.qt”). But I am telling you, as a layperson when it comes to the topic of tech speak, this show is still incredibly captivating without trying to display arrogant intelligence over the viewer.
The intensity of the main character's eyes shown in the YouTube clip above can be viewed as a centralized theme of the entire first season. No, not Elliot's crazy eyes per se, but the piercing intensity that their gaze exudes. Even the most mundane and banal of scenes from the show feel like they have a heightened sense of importance due to the great acting and camerawork that when into the production of Mr Robot.
Elliot, who is played by the immensely stoic Rami Malek, has a plethora of problems that rattle their day-to-day existence. As a self-described a socially anxious human being “that doesn't know how to talk to people,” Alderson copes with their daily stressors by playing pharmacist while concurrently playing the sickly patient. If you couldn't already tell by that maniacal stare, they are very much a drug addict with Morphine as their go-to entree. Oddly enough, they also consume suboxone, which is normally used as a detoxification medicine to help a person who is addicted to opiates such as Morphine. The running theme of an illusion of control was established within the first 10 minutes of the pilot episode.
Elliot has an unconventional method of learning more about the people in their life that they interact with. A normal, rational human being would strike up conversations with friends, family members and co-workers, all the while, genuinely or facetiously, may indulge in similar interests and topics. One could build a rapport through banter or converse about serious world issues. Either way, direct communication is typically the way most people interact with people they see frequenty. Scroll back up to the previous picture. Does Elliot look like a regular person? Absolutely not!  They are the kind of person that Antoine Dodson was telling you to avoid back in 2010.
Our main character “connects” with their friends, co-workers and therapist by hacking into all of their personal data to view their bank accounts, online shopping habits and what music video they last watched on YouTube. They don't do this for any monetary gain but one could argue that they are rich due to the wealth of information they have obtained over the years. Nothing makes you feel closer to a friend than knowing their Social Security Number, I guess.
The primary plot of Mr. Robot branches off into several complex sub-stories that involve all of the main and ancillary characters of the series, which eventually comes full circle by seasons end. By full circle, I don't mean that the show comes to a resolution point in terms of the storyline. I am sure that the majority of people who have finished season 1 are just as perplexed by the events that transpired in the last few episodes. No one has all the answers to the questions that the showrunner, Sam Esmail, provokes you to think throughout the entire season.
As I mentioned earlier, Elliot is a software engineer for a tech security company called Allsafe.  They are considered to be one of the brightest employees that they have on their staff. Allsafe is the electronic security defense team for the largest corporate conglomerate in this dramatized version of America: E Corp, or Evil Corp as Elliot calls it. Picture a summation of Apple, Walmart and Amazon. The magnitude of those three major corporations would be comparable to E Corp's stature in this fictional society. Elliot's co-worker, and long time friend (giving their good old buddy Morphine a run for its money) Angela (played by Portia Doubleday) have personal reasons for calling it Evil Corp which will be revealed in later episodes in this season.
E Corp gets flooded by an attack from an online hacking community, similar to Anonymous, named fsociety. The explanation behind that name is pretty straightforward. Elliot, being the virtuoso on the keyboard that they are, saves the day by diffusing the network attack on the servers before any real damage occurs to the system. Hooray, problem solved! However, this is just the tip of the tip of the tip of an iceberg that is about the size of Antartica. We are formally introduced to the show's titular character Mr. Robot, played by Christian Slater, as Elliot rides the subway car back to their New York City apartment some time after the hacking incident. “I think you should come with me,” Mr. Robot boldly proclaims. “But only if you didn't delete it.” “It” refers to the infected file that Elliot discovered when they stopped the attack on E Corp. We come to find out, in the process of Elliot being courted to join fsociety, that Mr. Robot is the man behind the diabolical plan to start an e-revolution by crashing all of Evil Corp's servers, which would essentially render everyone to become debt free. A mission ethos that is comparable to Robin Hood.
All of the information from the previous paragraph above happens in the span of about one episode. The only complaint that I had about this show was the general pacing of the first few episodes. It is pretty damn slow at first. This is understandable because there is a great deal of backstory that needed to be established in order for the foundation of the plot to remain rigid. I almost punted on the entire series after episode two, saying to myself that I can't sit through another predictable USA network drama that really has no substance and is only “unique” because there aren't too many serious tech-based television shows (i.e. Silicon Valley). I powered right through the 3rd episode and thought: “I watched season 1 of ‘Ballers', in it's entirety, I should be able to get through this series as well. By the 4th episode, my codependence for this show rivaled Elliot's disposition for Morphine. A bit of a hyperbolic statement in the last sentence but needless to say, I became hooked. Luckily for myself, I was a few episodes off the pace of the latest viewing. I proceeded to spend approximately 180 minutes on that beautiful Saturday afternoon binge-watching Mr. Robot. It doesn't get more millennial than that right there.
Joyous. Distraught. Stressed. I can't believe I garnered the ability to become stressed over a fictionalized storyline that had no direct impact on my life. The plot twists in this story are heart-wrenching. The attention to detail by the entire staff – writers, actors, cinematographers – is phenomenal. The realistic depiction of a darker, more grayscale version of New York City is aesthetically pleasing and intriguing as well. The most minutiae of artifacts eventually play such a profound role in the grand scheme of things to come in the following episodes. It's a slow, architectural build to the crescendo or apex of the storyline, which is placed down on the foundation of the script, one brick at a time. I feel like I've already said too much.
Each character has a strong dynamic with the other people in the show, as well as an introspective conflict that they must deal with on a daily basis. I enjoyed the way the storyline didn't focus to heavily on Elliot or get bogged down on coding and it's complexed jargon. The sub-plots delve into the fictional souls of the supporting cast with each person has their own vice or distractions that further perpetuate their illusion of control. One of the co-main characters, Darlene (played by Carly Chaikin, 2nd from left pictured above) is an extremely talented hacker who hides behind their personal struggles by having the whole party girl persona. Them storyline seems inconsequential at first glance but it eventually becomes an essential thread interwoven through the fabric of this plot, just like most of the people encountered in the first few episodes.
The Wellick's, played by Martin Wallstrom and Stephanie Corneliussen (possibly my favorite character in the show), are by far the strangest, yet most intriguing Husband/Wife duo that I've ever seen. So strange.
This series is a must-watch. Hands down, in my opinion, the best debut drama series of 2015. The fact that this show is on the USA network completely blows my mind! I'm using to seeing happy-go-lucky shows like Psyche, for example, dominate the majority of the schedule for this network. To be honest, USA is all about making series that are mediocre and pretty bland, (Burn Notice, Royal Pains, I'm looking at you). They have the type of shows that make one say “_______ is on it's 3rd season?” not because you think the show should have been cancelled already, but because you legitimately didn't know that show existed and it's somehow on it's 3rd season. For a perfect example, I did not see one single commercial for this show, yet it lasted for 3 seasons before getting cancelled this past October. Flying below the radar in spectacularly ordinary fashion is skill that USA has perfected. A show this dark, this graphic and this well-produced belongs on a channel like HBO or AMC but I really feel like the USA is pushing the envelope when it comes to Mr. Robot. This could signify the network turning a new leaf in order to stay competitive when it comes to other outlets (Netflix, Cinemax, even Amazon is making a strong push towards television series dominance). I didn't think USA was capable of putting out such a well crafted show and I am looking forward to season two of this series, as well as potentially series to come from this network.
You can watch all season 1 right here. Scroll down really quick to the first episode and DON'T READ ANY OF THE RECAPS ALONG THE WAY.
Advertisements
Of Priests and Patrons
Tibet: A History
by Sam van Schaik
Yale Univ. Press, 2011, 324 pp.
When they sought to subsume Tibet into the People's Republic, Mao Zedong exploited long-held Chinese stereotypes about Tibetans far different than those held by most Westerners. Barbarians who gouge out criminals' eyes, dismember each other, kill without thought—this was Mao's line on the people of Tibet. Anyone who visited the Rugs and Ritual in Tibetan Buddhism exhibit at New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art earlier this year could see, at least partially, where such beliefs may have originated.1 The centuries-old rugs and paintings seemed to revel in flayed skins, both of animals and human beings. Always the propagandist, Mao made the most of Chinese prejudices.
In Tibet: A History, Tibetan scholar Sam van Schaik shows how this misconception and many others more familiar in the West profoundly miss the true story of Tibet and its people. Succinct, scholarly, and exceptionally well written, van Schaik's Tibet accomplishes a rare triumph of virtue. Neither memoir, nor paean, nor travelogue, nor religious tract, nor political argument, nor biography of the Dalai Lama, this volume fills an important gap in the literature about Tibet. Starting with the 7th century empire of the tsenpos, van Schaik records the narrative of Tibetan civilization through to the present era. Along the way, they undermine stereotypes (like Mao's) that conceal the fascinating reality of life in Tibet. These myths include Orientalizing2 misconceptions such as Tibetans as a quaint, unchanging people or Tibet as an isolated kingdom of peace, as well as the belief pushed by modern Beijing that Tibet has always been a part of China.
Tibetans, now famous for one of the world's most vibrant Buddhist traditions, were actually late adapters of the dharma. Tibet followed well behind Sri Lanka, Burma, China, and Korea in taking up Buddhism as it spread from India and Nepal. Even Japan, thousands of miles from the birthplace of Siddhartha Gautama, converted over a century before Tibet. Perhaps more surprisingly, geopolitics likely played a large role in the Tibetan transformation.
Before the 7th century, Tibetans “lived in a world swarming with spirits, demons and minor deities,” writes van Schaik. But in one of the most transformative periods of Tibetan history, these beliefs were swallowed into a new brand of Buddhism. The tsenpo, or divine ruler, Songtsen Gampo centralized power in the 7th century, creating something of a regional empire by conquering a diverse set of tribes. They also commissioned the creation of a Tibetan alphabet and allowed two of their wives, one from China and another (historically dubious) from Nepal, to introduce Buddhism incrementally to Tibet. It would not be until the reign of Trisong Detsen in the 8th century, however, that Buddhism became a state religion. van Schaik makes a compelling case that “a wider political context” motivated the new tsenpo to convert Tibet. Buttressed by Nepal, India, and China—all Buddhist countries—Tibet chose the most powerful regional religion to gain legitimacy in the eyes of foreign courts and to provide a “cohesive cultural force” to unite its young empire.
Trisong Detsen's decision undercuts another fiction about Tibet—that it was cut-off from the wider world. The early difficulty of Europeans traveling to the high plateaus of the Himalayas does not mean Tibet's neighbors (or even powers farther afield) thought of it as some sort of hidden kingdom. If nothing else, Tibet demonstrates how vitally interconnected Tibet has always been. For one thing, Tibet includes a vast stretch of the old Silk Road, and Tibetans had extensive contact with Arabs and Turks as early as the 8th century. By the 9th and 10th centuries, the Tibetan language, van Schaik writes, “had become a lingua franca, the common language of this multicultural region, used by Chinese, Turks and even the distant Khotanese.”
When the Mongols conquered their country in the 13th century, Tibetans took on a historic role they would play for the next 700 years: the role of priest to a foreign patron. During their rule over Tibet, the Mongols converted to the religion of their subjects. Starting in the reign of Kubilai Khan, tantric Tibetan Buddhists were key players in the imperial court. Through subsequent waves of Mongol, Chinese, and Manchurian empires, Tibet returned again and again to this patron-priest arrangement; this relationship is a major theme of van Schaik's account.
Tragically, Tibet's first true interaction with a European power made it more isolated than ever. This was despite the early friendship formed in 1774 between George Bogle, the first British diplomat dispatched to Tibet (with a mission to explore trade possibilities), and Losang Palden Yeshe, the sixth of the Panchen Lamas (high-ranking spiritual leaders whose clout rivaled that of the Dalai Lamas through much of Tibet's history). In one of their book's most charming passages, van Schaik recounts the occasion when, asked by the Tibetan high monk to speak for a while in English, Bogle recited several stanzas of Thomas Grey's “Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard.” This happy beginning, though, would be short-lived. In 1793, fearing British incursion into their territory, the Manchu emperor Qianlong closed access to Tibet, requiring passports for anyone crossing the border in either direction. As van Schaik notes, “no passports would be issued to Europeans.”
Of course, Tibet's interaction with the West would continue. Tibetan and British forces fought over Sikkim in the 1880s, and hundreds of Tibetans were slaughtered during Francis Younghusband's misguided march to Lhasa. The British continued to play a role in Tibetan history in the 20th century as China attempted to swallow Tibet whole. British negotiators set the terms for establishing an Inner and Outer Tibet and for China's “suzerainty” over Outer Tibet, a tricky word van Schaik elucidates brilliantly; in short, “China was responsible for Tibet's international affairs, but would have little influence in its internal affairs.” Tibet's unique relationship with Britain eventually allowed the 13th and 14th Dalai Lamas and their followers to establish a second home in northern India, both before and after Indian independence.
“Perhaps the greatest misrepresentation of Tibet,” writes van Schaik, “is that it was unchanging.” Indeed, it has had as violent and tumultuous a history as any country on earth. Tibet: A History is replete with tales of invasion, coup, espionage, and assassination. Over its long history, Tibet has seen its temples re-purposed as slaughter houses for livestock, monks engaged in bloody civil war, and every sort of intrigue among the elite, including fratricide. At the same time, though, the region witnessed one of the most unique and dynamic spiritual quests in human history, as van Schaik documents in exquisite detail. Just as its politics has seen constant reinvention, Tibetan monasticism and spirituality have been constantly evolving, adapting, and innovating. While maintaining monastic institutions that, for centuries, included incredibly large percentages of the adult male population, some of Tibet's most influential spiritual leaders developed their insights by wandering—at times, literally—outside of the monastic system. Figures such as Milarepa, Longchenpa, and Tsongkhapa searched for guidance beyond their own monastic traditions, often finding it in the beliefs of rival monasteries in Tibet, abroad in India, or in the teachings of eccentrics. As these teachers attracted followers, they reinvigorated Tibetan Buddhism. One of the subtexts of van Schaik's book is how these religious leaders—and the scribes who anthologized Indian and Tibetan scriptures – mitigated the cultural loss inflicted on the country by invasion and internal conflict alike.
Tibet: A History also has much to say about the origins of Tibet's current situation as a Chinese province ruled, often brutally, by authoritarian representatives from Beijing.3 But van Schaik approaches this subject with a sobriety often missing from other accounts. While long accustomed to being a vassal state of empires, Tibet entered the 20th century unprepared for the stringent geographical logic of nation-states. As van Schaik writes about the political situation facing the 13th Dalai Lama in 1913, “The Chinese idea that Tibet was an inseparable part of China, and the opposing Tibetan idea that Tibet was an independent country, were both quite new. In the past there had simply not been a political vocabulary to talk about nations this way.” The new language of nation-states frustrated cultural norms that had existed for centuries, including the patron-priest relationship. Historically, Tibet had been an amorphous confederacy of tribes, linked by religion, language, culture, and often united by resistance to outsiders. But it had also frequently fallen under the authority of distant empires, such as the Mongols and the Manchus, though these regimes had allowed significant self-governance in internal matters. van Schaik makes clear, however, that no one seriously considered Tibetans as Chinese. Not until the early 20th century did Chinese nationalists leaders begin to make this claim.
The 14th Dalai Lama and Mao Zedong shake hands in Beijing, shortly after Mao's selection as chairperson of the People's Republic of China (Beijing: October 13, 1954).
When Mao became the leader of the People's Republic of China, van Schaik writes, they “wanted to unite the ‘five races' into a single motherland or, as they preferred to call it, the Big Family.” This vision included Tibet. Having exhausted other options, including an appeal to the United Nations, Tibetan leaders committed to negotiate with the Communists. During meetings in Beijing in 1951, the man in charge of the Tibetan party, Ngapo Ngawang Jigme, perhaps thinking they had no other option, agreed to all of the Communist proposals and signed the Communists' Seventeen-Point Agreement on behalf of their people. They figured the Tibetan leaders could refuse to ratify the treaty upon their return to Lhasa. Unfortunately, even under pressure from the United States and Britain, who urged Tibetans to say they had agreed to terms under duress, the Kashag, Tibet's ruling council, refused to publicly protest the treaty, thus becoming complicit, however reluctantly, in the Communists' Tibetan agenda. van Schaik explains that “the majority of the Tibetan government actually wanted to accept the agreement” and in the following weeks “the Dalai Lama sent a telegram to Mao, accepting the agreement…” Shockingly, it was not until 1959, as the Dalai Lama fled into exile, that Tibetan officials publicly repudiated the Seventeen-Point Agreement. By then, though, the Chinese had years of precedent and a signed document to appeal to, and under Mao, Tibet, like the rest of China, would experience massive cultural destruction.
Map of the Tibetan empire at its greatest extent, 780s - 790s CE.
For all its sober scholarship, Tibet: A History is also an exciting story, elegantly told. Take this sentence, for example: “As the monks of the Gelug monasteries hoisted prayer flags over their roofs and burned incense in celebration, the Dalai Lama set out to meet Gushi Khan on the battle plain.” Writing of this caliber, both balanced and thrumming with energy, is common throughout. Tibet is also full of brilliantly captured details. There is Princess Jincheng, the daughter of a Chinese emperor who had been married to the Tibetan tsenpo, requesting books be sent to them from home, only to be rebuffed by a minister who replies:
Your servant has heard that these Tibetans are naturally endowed with energy and perseverance, that they are intelligent and sharp, and untiring in the love of study… By reading these books they will certainly acquire a knowledge of war…
And there is the golden statue of Buddha that makes its way from Tibet to Mecca and is mistaken as a sign that the tsenpo had converted to Islam. Countless other delightful examples fill the pages of van Schaik's history.
The Sakyapas, one of the groups of monks described in detail in Tibet: A History, believed the final renunciation on the way to enlightenment is the rejection of the attachment “to any fixed view of reality.” Perhaps, in this way of thinking, historians are bound eternally to samsara by the very nature of their work. It is a predicament van Schaik addresses at the outset of their book: “How can one write a history of Tibet when we can hardly say where ‘Tibet' begins or ends, when it exists in so many places at once? The writer of such a history can only hope to capture something of this diverse, ever-changing realm and the complex people who have inhabited it.” On the other hand, van Schaik has accomplished what the Sakyapas would probably appreciate: they have devastated some of the key misconceptions and myths that have obscured the essence of Tibet. It is a necessary undertaking. Policymakers, activists, and interested citizens must clear away the fictions about Tibet's past if they are ever to develop workable solutions for its future. Tibet: A History furthers this cause.
September 12, 2011
frontispiece and all images from Wikicommons.
1. Rugs and Ritual in Tibetan Buddhism, October 7, 2010–June 26, 2011, at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. Images archived here. The painting “Offerings on Wrathful Deities,” which depicts the flayed human and animal skins, is still on display in the Met's Tibetan gallery.
2. Orientalizing refers to the process, as described by the Palestinian-American scholar Edward Said in their groundbreaking book Orientalism (1978), in which Westerners romanticize Eastern cultures as exotically “other,” instead of relying on the same terms and standards they would use to describe Western cultures.
3. For a round-up of some of the most recent political developments in Tibet, see: The Economist. “Tibet, China and America: Toward the Light?” (July 19, 2011): http://www.economist.com/blogs/banyan/2011/07/tibet-china-and-america.
I know, I know, after an evening in your smoking jacket reading Jezebel and John Scalzi with blurry eyes and tending to your rickets, you wonder how anyone could think men and women aren't exactly alike except for that bothersome business of the genitalia.
Well, my hermetically sealed friend, you can listen to CH telling you like it is from field experience, or you can get the same revelations from ❤SCIENCE❤.
Sex differences in personality are believed to be comparatively small. However, research in this area has suffered from significant methodological limitations. We advance a set of guidelines for overcoming those limitations: (a) measure personality with a higher resolution than that afforded by the Big Five; (b) estimate sex differences on latent factors; and (c) assess global sex differences with multivariate effect sizes. We then apply these guidelines to a large, representative adult sample, and obtain what is presently the best estimate of global sex differences in personality. Methodology/Principal Findings Personality measures were obtained from a large US sample (N = 10,261) with the 16PF Questionnaire. Multigroup latent variable modeling was used to estimate sex differences on individual personality dimensions, which were then aggregated to yield a multivariate effect size (Mahalanobis D). We found a global effect size D = 2.71, corresponding to an overlap of only 10% between the male and female distributions. Even excluding the factor showing the largest univariate ES, the global effect size was D = 1.71 (24% overlap). These are extremely large differences by psychological standards. Significance The idea that there are only minor differences between the personality profiles of males and females should be rejected as based on inadequate methodology.
Sex-based personality differences are large and widespread, and result from competing evolutionary pressures placed on men and women.
In addition to their direct influences on mating processes, personality traits correlate with many other sexually selected behaviors, such as status-seeking and risk-taking (see e.g., [20], [34], [35]). Thus, in an evolutionary perspective, personality traits are definitely not neutral with respect to sexual selection. Instead, there are grounds to expect robust and wide-ranging sex differences in this area, resulting in strongly sexually differentiated patterns of emotion, thought, and behavior – as if there were “two human natures”, as effectively put by Davies and Shackelford [15].
Two human natures (you could argue for a lot more if you include racial differences in personality). This is the reason game works as a concept and as a practical guide. Women are very different, emotionally and psychologically, than are men, and game is a system which leverages this sex-specific personality contrast. Think about it: If men and women were completely alike, whatever worked for women in the dating market would also work equally well for men. But two minutes in the jungle are all you need to notice that the working strategies men and women employ to find and attract mates are very different.
The study is worth reading in full, especially the authors' methodology of breaking down the Big Five personality traits into smaller components, and the importance of measuring latent variables.
So where do men and women most differ in personality traits?
In univariate terms, the largest differences between the sexes were found in Sensitivity, Warmth, and Apprehension (higher in females), and Emotional stability, Dominance, Rule-consciousness, and Vigilance (higher in males). These effects subsume the classic sex differences in instrumentality/expressiveness or dominance/nurturance.
Feminists and equalists will try to ignore, suppress, or distort findings about sex differences like those in this study, because the notion that there is an archetypical female personality and an archetypical male personality that is biological in construct is a stake through the heart of everything they desperately want to believe about human sexual nature and the impolite and inegalitarian forms it often takes.
How is an ugly feminist supposed to exhort normal women to “lean in” when normal women don't have any desire nor disposition nor, for that matter, talent to do so? It is a pickle.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The US has suspended all non-immigrant visa services
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has described a US decision to suspend most visa services as "upsetting".
They said Turkish officials had contacted their US counterparts about the move, which was prompted by the detention last week of a Turkish national working at the US consulate in Istanbul.
Turkey has also suspended visa services in the US.
Prosecutors are seeking another consulate worker for questioning as a suspect, the state news agency reports.
The first worker was held over alleged links to a cleric blamed for the failed 2016 Turkish coup, but no reason has been given for the latest action.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Erdoğan's relations with Washington have been tense for some time
The row has driven down Turkey's currency and stocks.
"This decision is very, very saddening. For the Ankara [US] embassy to take a decision like this, to put into practice is saddening," Mr Erdoğan said at a news conference in the Ukrainian capital Kiev.
Several Turkish news networks announced earlier on Monday that a warrant had been issued for a second US consulate worker.
Turkish officials have not confirmed the warrant, but later the state news agency Anadolu reported that prosecutors were seeking the man for questioning as a suspect, adding that they did not have diplomatic immunity.
It said the suspect's wife and child had been detained in the city of Amasya, in northern central Turkey.
Who is affected by the latest moves?
It will no longer be possible to get a visa to the US in Turkey unless the applicant is permanently moving there.
However US ambassador John Bass stressed that the move was not a ban on Turkish citizens. They said visas already obtained could still be used, and applications could still be made outside Turkey.
In a written statement, they said they hoped the suspension would not last long and that it would depend on talks between the two governments.
In its statement on Sunday, the US embassy in Ankara said: "Recent events have forced the United States government to reassess the commitment of government of Turkey to the security of US mission and personnel.
"In order to minimise the number of visitors to our embassy and consulates while this assessment proceeds, effective immediately we have suspended all non-immigrant visa services at all US diplomatic facilities in Turkey."
In the 2016 fiscal year, the US issued 82,735 non-immigrant visas in Istanbul and 30,505 in Ankara, according to state department figures.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Turkey accuses Fethullah Gulen of being behind the failed coup - a charge they denies
The Turkish statement mimicked the American one, but said that "effective immediately we have suspended all visa services regarding the US citizens at our diplomatic and consular missions in the US".
It added: "This measure will apply to sticker visas as well as e-visas and border visas."
Meanwhile Turkish Airlines announced that passengers with tickets to and from the US up until 31 October were eligible for refunds or exchanges, the pro-government newspaper Yeni Safak reported.
Political 'hostages'
Mark Lowen, BBC News, Istanbul
Turkey stands accused of holding detainees as hostages in its bilateral disputes.
As well as the consular employee, an American pastor was arrested here a year ago. Several German nationals are also in custody as Ankara presses the US to extradite the cleric it accuses of masterminding the coup, and urges Berlin to deport Turkish citizens who have claimed asylum there.
Germany has already warned its nationals against travelling to Turkey.
There could now be a similar response from Washington in this unprecedented row.
What is the row about?
Last week consular employee and Turkish citizen Metin Topuz was arrested, accused of espionage and links to US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen.
Ankara has for months been pressing Washington to extradite Mr Gulen over their alleged role in the botched coup in July 2016.
Mr Erdoğan accuses Mr Gulen of instigating the unrest - a charge the cleric denies.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Anti-Erdogan demonstrators are punched as they are removed from a New York hotel
In the aftermath of the coup attempt, which was led by military officers, 40,000 people were arrested and 120,000 sacked or suspended.
The new diplomatic low between the US and Turkey comes less than a month after Donald Trump said ties between the countries were "close as we've ever been".
But tensions have been brewing for some time, with the US complaining of heavy-handed treatment of pro-Kurdish demonstrators by Turkish security officials at Mr Erdoğan's visit to Washington in May.
The Turkish embassy said Turkish-Americans who had come to see the president were provoked by the protesters.
In September, demonstrators were beaten and ejected from a New York hotel after interrupting a speech by Mr Erdoğan, who was in the city to speak at the United Nations General Assembly.
UPDATE 7/30/2013: NK News has learned that the the maiden flight of 2013 took place last week, albeit with a half empty load.
YANJI – North Korean state airline Air Koryo has started advertising a direct Yanji to Pyongyang flight at a North Korean government-affiliated hotel in Yanbian, China's autonomous ethnic-Korean region, NK News has learned.
An advert posted in the Ryugyong Hotel in Yanji details a 90-minute flight scheduled twice a week and carried on Air Koryo flight numbers JS541 and 542.
Ryugyong Hotel staff said that the route was already operational, and cost 180 EUR each way –– roughly the same price as direct flights between Yanji and Seoul. Tickets can be purchased at the hotel reception, staff said.
The advert is not the first news of the flight; identical flight numbers have been listed by the China-based Young Pioneer Tours (YPT) company website since April this year.
“Starting from April and running until at least September, Air Koryo will be running direct flights to and from Yanji, which borders the Rason SEZ,” a statement on the YPT Air Koryo itinerary page says.
However, despite the hotel advertisement and online Air Koryo itinerary listings, one tourism source familiar with North Korean ticketing options told NK News that the Yanji to Pyongyang route has not yet started operating:
“I asked about the route yesterday actually, apparently it is not active yet. I would have thought it will either start going next week or it won't go at all,” the source explained.
A few days later the same source said their North Korean colleagues said the route was active, but cautioned there was no evidence to back their claims up.
NO CHINESE TOURISM
One issue that could be delaying Air Koryo's schedule relates to a lack of Chinese interest in the route.
In April, the tourism board in Dandong restricted Chinese tourist agencies from entering North Korea amid heightened rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula.
The ban however only applies to Chinese nationals, meaning China-based agencies like Koryo Tours and Young Pioneer Tours can still operate.
Beijing is yet reverse the ban, meaning North Korea's largest source of international tourists have all but disappeared from the market –– a point that could undermine the economic feasibility of any direct Yanji – Pyongyang flights.
Yanji, the capital of the Yanbian Chinese-Korean region is located near Mt. Paekdu, a mythical volcano long held in high regard by Koreans both north and south of the DMZ.
All images: NK News.
h
SACRAMENTO, Calif. – Lakers superstar Kobe Bryant, saying they do not want uncertainty over their future to drag through 2013-14 and with the possibility of being offered an extension this offseason, will “in all likelihood” make a decision in the summer over whether to retire after one more season.
While re-affirming that they are leaning toward walking away after an 18th campaign, Bryant made it clear in an interview with NBA.com they expect to make a call before reporting to training camp and probably even long before that. One factor in the decision is the chance to end all the endless questions. Another is to give the Lakers clarity moving forward, in general, and particularly in conjunction with any contract talks that may take place.
“We'll talk,” Bryant said after piling up 19 points, 14 assists against one turnover and nine rebounds while playing all but 23 seconds of the 103-98 victory over the Kings at Sleep Train Arena. “I'll talk to my family and stuff and really see if I want to continue to sacrifice as much as I'm sacrificing right now. I'm putting my body through a lot to just try to get ready to play every single night. To do what I'm doing right now, it's not easy. I'll tell you, it's taken a lot of commitment.”
Is your sense that next season will be your last?
“As I sit here right now, yeah.”
Is there anything the Lakers can say that would make it more likely you played beyond next season?
“No,” Bryant told NBA.com. “It's my decision. It's really about what I want to do, if I want to train and be psychotic with my training. That's what it comes down to. It's really how I'm feeling physically.”
Speaking of Saturday in Sacramento. It was only two days before that Bryant was hobbling out of the locker room in Milwaukee with one crutch supporting a very painful left foot, the result of a bone spur. It was another ominous moment for the team that had battled injuries all season.
They saw a foot specialist after the Lakers arrived here Friday, with enough encouraging feedback that Bryant was listed as probable for what could be their final appearance in Sacramento after years of contentious battles with the Kings. And then they pretty much played the entire game.
Bryant came out for the first time with 22.6 seconds remaining in the third quarter. They went back in for the start of the fourth period and didn't leave again.
“I thought that was the key, the 23 seconds,” coach Mike D'Antoni deadpanned. “He'd have been tired.”
D‘Antoni was asked if they stayed with Bryant so long to keep the foot loose.
“Sounds good,” they said. “I'll use that one. My decision mostly is he's not coming out. They make it easy for me.”
So it was a basketball decision.
“It was their heart,” D'Antoni said. “He said, ‘I'm not coming out.' Hey, he's earned the right. Nobody can tell what they have inside of him. And they have a lot.”
Steve Nash, meanwhile, remains a concern. After initially being listed as questionable with a sore hip, they played the first 1:48, came out, and did not return. The Lakers say they are day-to-day with a sore right hamstring, an injury related to the hip.
Category: HT News / Tags: , Kobe Bryant, Lakers, Scott Howard Cooper, Steve Nash / 109 Comments on Kobe Plans To Decide Future This Summer /
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Tomislav Nikolic: "We cannot sever traditional ties with Russia – our people would never forgive us"
"I think the presidents should be locked up in a room until they come up with a solution," says Serbia's President Tomislav Nikolic of the leaders of Russia and the European Union.
Serbia certainly has the credentials to act as honest broker in the dispute that has arisen over the conflict in Ukraine.
It has just completed its first year of formal negotiations to join the EU. But it is maintaining its strong ties with Russia and refusing to implement sanctions, despite pressure from Brussels.
President Nikolic is well-known for their plain-speaking style, occasionally landing in diplomatic hot water as a result.
But this time, in an interview with the BBC, they are offering Serbia's services in solving a deepening conflict, rather than proposing the detention of some fellow heads of state.
Significantly, Serbia has just taken the chair of the OSCE, the intergovernmental security organisation which is currently monitoring the situation in Ukraine.
Mr Nikolic admits that their country is in an awkward situation, with two of its most important partners at loggerheads, and they see it as a major challenge.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption President Vladimir Putin (left) was Mr Nikolic's guest of honour at a military parade in Belgrade in October
"It's like having two children - you can't disown one of them," they say.
"We cannot sever our traditional ties with Russia. Our people would never forgive us."
But they hope Serbia can help the EU and Russia remember their common interests - not least in terms of energy.
The dispute has led to the cancellation of Russia's South Stream pipeline, which would have provided Serbia with a major infrastructure project as well as improved energy security.
If a solution to the crisis could be found, it would also reduce the pressure on the government in Belgrade to align its foreign policy with Brussels.
The further Serbia moves towards membership of the EU, the harder it will become to take a diplomatic line out of step with the 28-member bloc's common policy.
Still, Mr Nikolic believes accession is still some way off.
An initial target of 2020 always seemed optimistic, but so far none of the 35 "chapters" covering what Serbia must do to achieve membership has opened for negotiation.
"I'm happy with Serbia's pace of meeting the requirements - and how the EU has been treating us," they say.
"But the pace seems to be slow and it's not down to Serbia to make it any quicker. That's up to the EU."
Ames appears to be joining the Occupy Wall Street momentum that suddenly has spread well beyond the financial district in New York City to communities around the country.
A Facebook group called Occupy ISU is planning to meet on central campus in front of Campanile at noon Thursday. Around 1 p.m., the group will start walking towards Lincoln Way, according to the Facebook page. So far more than 80 people have said they will attend the event.
"We will know who you are if you have a sign, so please hang it up high and proud," the page states. "Please understand that this is an opportunity for everyone that supports the nationwide movement against the state of our current economy to come together ... Consider this the first meeting of a CONTINUOUS PROCESS."
The event in Ames is one of several in Iowa where groups are actively supporting the Occupy Wall Street movement. Protesters, calling themselves the "99 percent" say they will no longer tolerate the "greed and corruption of the 1 percent."
A few dozen people were in an Occupy event in Des Moines late Sunday and early Monday. Iowa State University police Capt. Aaron DeLashmutt said protesters should be fine on Iowa State property so long as they don't impede pedestrian or motor traffic.
Here is coverage from IowaCityPatch about Occupy Iowa City, which began with about 200 people, including about 50 that stayed overnight, on Friday evening in a local park. Iowa City police also said they would not get in the way of the protest unless problems arise.
The Magpies' owner is witnessing fan protests and a thin squad on a six-game losing streak but potential buyers for their club are elusive
Mike Ashley can remain confident they will get away with it at Newcastle
The aircraft touches down at lunchtime every day. Dwarfing the charter planes and inter-city shuttles dotted across the Tarmac, the 777 looks somehow out of proportion, its giant wingspan making everything around it resemble scaled-down toys.
In the eight years since Emirates began a direct Newcastle-Dubai service offering numerous onward connections to Asia, Africa and Australasia hundreds of millions of pounds worth of cargo have been exported from north-east England and passenger demand has grown to the point where there is talk about a second daily flight.
As hundreds of passengers arriving from the Middle East, India, China and beyond troop towards baggage reclaim they pass a collage of photographs of jubilant Newcastle United footballers celebrating goals at St James' Park.
For the majority of the eight years since Mike Ashley bought out Sir John Hall and Freddy Shepherd and took complete control of the club, many Newcastle fans have dreamed of a benevolent billionaire from the Gulf – or perhaps somewhere further east – striding past those pictures with a knowing smile before stepping into a waiting car.
In this fantasy they step out six miles down the road, blank cheque in hand, leaving the driver to hoist a flag high above the Gallowgate End. With Ashley ousted all that will remain is for the new owner's public relations team to reveal spending plans intended to facilitate a Champions League challenge along with the latest details of the hunt for a new manager. What's that Klopp chap's first name again?
Quite apart from the minor details that any deal would almost certainly be sealed in London and the new owner could equally well arrive from Russia, Israel, Azerbaijan or the United States (expect a few rumours to surface when a daily Newcastle-New York flight starts next month) the biggest problem with this daydream is that there is no indication that anyone, anywhere actually wants to buy Newcastle. Or that Ashley is inclined to sell up right now.
The swaths of empty seats at St James' Park on Sunday as John Carver's team sunk to their sixth straight defeat and Tottenham cantered to a 3-1 win certainly made a point but Newcastle's owner is unlikely to be swayed by this show of disgruntlement with their flight attendantship of the club.
Ashley's failure to invest earlier in what is now an alarmingly slender and injury-ravaged squad has been exacerbated by Newcastle's recent announcement of £18.7m profits in addition to the presence of £34m cashflow reserves but the owner has reason to remain confident they will get away with it.
While relegation remains a potentially calamitous risk, the team's total of 35 points and theoretically “winnable” impending fixtures dictate it is still a relatively remote threat.
Then there are the restless natives. Although Sunday's official attendance of just over 47,000 was inflated from somewhere nearer 40,000 by the inclusion of all-season ticket holders regardless of whether they turned up, it was still the Premier League's biggest crowd of the weekend.
Much as Ashley likes to see St James' filled to its customary 52,000 capacity the reality was that the boycott had a limited impact and emphasised a division among Newcastle fans, the vast majority of whom opted against voting with their feet. A near empty ground – or one with a sub-25,000 attendance – would represent an incredibly powerful statement but few would bet on it happening in the coming weeks.
The same goes for club merchandise. When supporters stop wearing Wonga-branded replica shirts even a hierarchy as brass-necked as Newcastle's may finally sit up and take notice. Starting a protest movement is one thing, sustaining and extending it quite another.
It might be different if there were a credible alternative, if a wealthy charismatic figure anxious to seize control from Ashley had emerged. Instead this is a mooted fans' revolution without a figurehead.
Aware that leaderless revolutions are invariably doomed the sports retail tycoon has, albeit unintentionally, succeeded in dividing and ruling. Expect the arguments between those Newcastle fans who believe in boycotting games and those loyalists anxious to support the team not the regime to intensify in the runup to Saturday's vital home match against Swansea.
Without a focal point – or figure – for their protests the boycotts seem set to go nowhere in particular. Ashley probably expects to fade away if and when Steve McClaren is unveiled as the new manager and they announce the signing of up to six new players this summer.
The riches offered by the latest television deal mean the owner can afford to loosen the purse strings without really denting their fortune and a good start to next season could conceivably see the current angst all but forgotten.
Yet until someone credible emerges on the horizon to buy Newcastle, – and as Randy Lerner has discovered at Aston Villa the enduring repercussions of the credit crunch are such that such figures remain elusive – the signs are that Ashley will continue to do the bare minimum to sustain Newcastle as a mid-table Premier League club. What really matters to them is its function as a marketing vehicle for Sports Direct's growing international merchandising operations.
When the time comes to sell – at some, unspecified, point after the summer of 2016 they have stated – the purchasers are likely to be asked to fund the £129m interest-free loan Ashley has handed Newcastle and to pay at least £250m for the club.
If identifying someone suitably credit-worthy – and remember the rule of thumb in these situations is that purchasers rarely invest more than 10% of their total capital in such ventures – is one problem, their motives represent another entirely.
One day in the next few years a regime changer will surely step off one plane or another at Newcastle airport. That person will almost certainly be welcomed with open arms – but then so was Ashley when they swept the Hall/Shepherd axis aside.
Tynesiders are fully justified in feeling betrayed by the coldly cynical management of their club but sometimes one has to be careful what one wishes for. Goodness knows to whom Ashley may eventually sell Newcastle … but no one should bet on the new owners necessarily having Pep Guardiola – or even Jürgen Klopp – on speed dial.
Wettest season on record damaged a bridge at the California tourist attraction possibly beyond repair, and businesses, residents and workers are taking a hit
The Esalen Institute, a consciousness-raising retreat perched above the Pacific Ocean, closed last week because there was no exit. When the rains stop, about 70 students and staff holed up in the picturesque spot on one of the world's most famous stretches of road will be evacuated via helicopter.
Other major retreats and resorts around Big Sur have also been shut down as portions of California Highway 1 have been ravaged by winter storms, flooded by waterfalls and cluttered with rocks, boulders and mudslides. A bridge, adjacent to one of the most visited tourist spots on the highway, appears to be damaged beyond repair.
Five homeless people rescued from flooding as rain inundates California Read more
When rocks stop falling, state workers can begin cleanup of the coastal highway – but authorities said many miles of this major highway could be closed for up to a year while the damaged bridge is restored or replaced.
Since the beginning of California's rainy season, Big Sur has had 60.25in of rain, “making it historically the wettest season to date”, said Duane Dykema, National Weather Service meteorologist. Records date back 102 years.
These are trying times in paradise for businesses, residents and workers in the tourism industry. The financial losses for county and state government could be significant. Many of the housekeepers, waitstaff and others in the lowest rung of the vacation economy are out of work.
Last week, a homeless man living under Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge reported a mudslide and multiple fractures in one of the bridge's columns. Authorities acted quickly, blocking the road north of the bridge.
Guests at nearby hotels in the heart of Big Sur, 150 miles south of San Francisco, fled in cars and on foot before the bridge was permanently closed.
At Esalen, 120 students and staff initially chose to stay behind, but a little over half of those are now planning to leave. Life for those awaiting evacuation is still is good. They dine on ratatouille, Thai curry soup, rice, quinoa and vegetables from their bountiful garden. But with no new food or fuel, they soon will be reduced to rice, beans and kale, said Gordon Wheeler, Esalen's president and CEO. Esalen continues to pay its employees. But the situation is worsening, with no gas or electricity as Esalen is cut off from the rest of the world. Wheeler said the helicopter evacuation would probably take place next week.
Hundreds of tourists are stranded in motels without power and with no road access, but when the road is clear of debris, they will be able to continue their journeys. But those south of the broken bridge and north of major rockslides may not be able to leave for weeks.
The financial impact of an impassable highway in the north could be catastrophic. Once boulders and rockslides to the south are cleared, staff will be able to leave, and visitors will once again be able to access the heart of Big Sur from the direction of Los Angeles.
But most of of Big Sur's traffic typically comes from the north.
David Galarza, an engineer and structures representative with the California department of transportation, said removing and replacing the Pfeiffer Canyon Bridge could take 10 months to a year. The department is exploring locations of the installation of a temporary bridge.
Kirk Gafill, president of the Big Sur Chamber of Commerce, surveyed the population and estimated that 435 people were stuck on the wrong side of the bridge, living without services, in an enclave that stretches 17 miles along the coast.
Some are workers who live in employee housing and have no place else to go. Some are filing for unemployment insurance. Many longtime residents known for their independence and robust nature remain.
“I'm well stocked on propane gasoline to recharge my solar system, food, dog food and wine,” a local blogger known as BigSurKate, who specializes in fires, floods and road closures, said in an email. “What more could a gal want?”
While Big Sur was once a remote destination visited mostly by Americans, it now is a bucket list must-see for global travelers. At a no-frills roadside restaurant here, the bill comes with tipping information in Chinese and five other languages. Tourists are drawn to the isolated, dramatic terrain.
Now the hospitality industry, which creates the mirage of luxury and fuels much of the region's economy, is reduced to necessities.
The post office is closed indefinitely, as are the stores except the Big Sur Deli, whose employees wheelbarrowed supplies across the bridge before it closed. Ray Medina, an employee separated from their home on the other side of the broken bridge, has been using a sleeping bag and air mattress on the premises for a week.
Post Ranch Inn, which charges $1,425 a night for ocean views, Ventana Inn & Spa (tag line: “A place to be”), and the well-known Nepenthe Restaurant, which hangs above the Pacific, also are shut.
“The X-factor is the ongoing rain,” said Gafill, general manager of Nepenthe. “It's only February and there's plenty of winter ahead of us.”
Nepenthe, which was started in 1949 by Gafill's grandparents, has sufficient reserves to make it through a six-month shutdown. Its business interruption insurance excludes losses due to landslides, a common exclusion in Big Sur. “This is a massive economic disruption,” they said, “but it is survivable.”
The situation is dire further along the coast, at the New Camaldoli Hermitage, a silent retreat with solo guest housing at $135 a night and a monastery. The 12 monks and 13 staff live two miles up a perilous mountain road that is so damaged that delivery drivers can no longer navigate it, according to Rich Veum, who operates a bookstore on the site.
Wildfire along Big Sur coast sparks decline in tourism Read more
The monks support themselves with guest fees, the bookstore, donations and the sale of their Holy Granola and fruitcakes, but all that has stopped. “We will be unable to make needed repairs or open our doors again to the public unless we can raise donations,” Veum said. The monastery has two months' worth of food, a spring for water and a diesel generator, but no ability to resupply the diesel fuel.
Mike Freed, managing partner of Post Ranch Inn, which was full before the road closure, is hopeful that if the highway is not reopened soon, guests will arrive by helicopter. In the meantime, they said, the resort was setting up a school for workers' children unable to reach theirs on other side of the bridge.
At Treebones Resort, an otherworldly mountaintop retreat of yurts and a five-star tent ($550 per night), owners John and Corinne Handy have waived rent and utilities for employees and are helping with emergency costs. The Handys can no longer count on a weekly revenue of $40,000-$50,000 (more in the summer). They built Treebones 12 years ago and have limited reserves.
“In a month, we're going to start seeing a world of hurt,” Handy said. On Saturday night, staff and neighbors got together for a potluck, enjoying bacon-wrapped meatloaf, beet and goat cheese salad, wine and laughter. It was an “evening of reminding each other that we are not alone”, they said.
But after enduring horizontal rains and 60mph winds, Handy reflected on the irony. “Paradise can turn on you very quickly.”
A previous version of this article incorrectly said the Nepenthe restaurant was opened in 1958.
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday filed civil securities fraud charges against Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton over their efforts to convince investors to put money into a McKinney-based tech startup.
In the civil action filed Monday, the SEC accused Paxton of failing to tell investors that they were being compensated for their efforts on behalf of a McKinney-based startup called Servergy. Paxton, the filing says, raised $840,000 from investors in 2011 in exchange for 100,000 shares in the company.
They took office as attorney general in January 2015.
Paxton could be fined, and forced to pay back any profits in connection with their work for Servergy. The SEC action does not carry criminal penalties.
“When you promote a company to potential investors you have to disclose the fact that you're being compensated to do it,” said John Helms, a former federal prosecutor. “Otherwise, an investor could get the impression that they just believes in this company.”
The SEC filing also names William Mapp, the one-time CEO and co-founder of the company, and Caleb White, a Tyler resident and former member of Servergy's board of directors.
White is accused of raising more than $1.4 million for Servergy and receiving $66,000 in compensation. They have agreed to settle the SEC charges by paying a $66,000 fine and returning the stock to the company.
The SEC's filing mirrors the allegations contained in two first-degree felony counts of securities fraud indictments against Paxton. They were indicted last summer by a Collin County grand jury on the two counts, as well as a third count accusing them of failing to register as an investment advisor.
Bill Mateja, an attorney representing Paxton, issued a written statement, which reads, in part:
"...Mr. Paxton vehemently denies the allegations in the civil lawsuit and looks forward not only to all of the facts coming out, but also to establishing their innocence in both the civil and criminal matters.“It is surprising that the SEC chose to file this civil lawsuit nearly a year after the Collin County Special Prosecutors filed their criminal case, particularly where the civil lawsuit mirrors the criminal case.”
Paxton has filed an appeal of their criminal indictments. A hearing date in a Dallas appeals court has been scheduled for next month.
The SEC's filing contains new details about Paxton's dealings with Servergy and Mapp. In many ways, it could be considered a roadmap for what prosecutors will try to prove in the criminal cases.
According to the filing, Mapp promised investors that their company's servers would revolutionize the computing world. They raised $26 million from investors from 2009 to 2013.
Regulators say that when Servergy was low on operating funds, Mapp led investors to believe that the company's servers were in high demand by “falsely claiming that notable companies like Amazon.com and Freescale Semiconductors had preordered the product.”
They also claimed that the company's servers used 80 percent less power, putting it in a position to compete with industry leaders like Hewlett Packard, IBM and Dell for use in large data centers.
Servergy has since cut ties with Mapp. The company also has agreed to pay $200,000 to settle the charges. Mapp is still fighting the charges against him.
Paxton came into the picture in 2011. At the time, they were serving in the Texas House of Representatives.
Mapp met Paxton at their McKinney law office in 2011 to talk to them about recruiting investors. Mapp offered Paxton a 10 percent commission for any investors Paxton recruited to Servergy, the filing says.
After their meeting, Mapp emailed Paxton and reiterated their offer to pay Paxton either in common stock or a combination of cash and stock. Paxton responded, “I will get to work.”
Within 10 days of that meeting, Paxton invited seven prospective investors to a pitch at Servergy's office. Paxton attended, and introduced Mapp to five additional investors by telephone and email that same day. Paxton recruited people who were their friends, business associates, law firm clients, and fellow members of an investment group.
“Paxton told potential investors that they had met with Servergy's management and determined it was a great company and the investment presented an interesting opportunity,” the filing says.
Regulators said Paxton also forwarded correspondence containing “false claims” about the “nature of Servergy's technology and business prospects.”
“While Paxton possessed no technical expertise and did not know whether any of Servergy's claims were true, they conducted no due diligence to confirm, clarify, or correct Servergy's claims,” the filing says.
The SEC document talks specifically about Paxton's dealings with two investors.
“Investor 1” was a fellow state representative who was a member of an investment group with Paxton. The filing does not name the representative, but it's most likely a reference to State Rep. Byron Cook. They were one of the two alleged victims in the felony securities fraud indictments.
“Investor 1 considered Paxton a personal friend, and -- based on their friendship and membership in the investment group -- believed Paxton was also investing in Servergy,” the filing says.
As time passed and Mapp's representations about product shipment failed to materialize, the state representative became concerned about their investment.
In early 2013, Paxton organized and attended a meeting with Mapp and Investor 1, at which “Mapp lulled Investor 1 with false claims that the company was flush with purchase orders.”
“Paxton did nothing to determine whether Mapp's claims were true,” the filing says.
Paxton is also accused of persuading another member of their investment group -- listed as “Investor 2” -- to make a hasty decision to invest in the company. The filing says that when Paxton learned that they aren't planning to invest, Paxton placed an “unscheduled and late night call to Investor 2.”
Regulators say Paxton told Investor 2 that the offering price would double if they did not invest by a deadline. Investor 2 changed their mind based on Paxton's call and invested $150,000 in the company.
Investor 2 told regulators that they would have never invested had they known that Paxton would was being paid to promote the company.
Five of Paxton's 12 prospective investors invested a total of $840,000 in July 2011. The next month, Paxton received a stock certificate for 100,000 shares of Servergy stock, the filing says.
“Despite a duty to do so, Paxton knowingly or recklessly failed to inform the individuals they recruited that they were being compensated to promote Servergy to investors,” the filing states.
When confronted by regulators, Paxton claimed the shares were a gift from Mapp.
They told regulators that they met with Mapp at a McKinney Dairy Queen restaurant intending to invest $100,000 of their own money. Paxton told regulators that Mapp declined, telling him, “I can't take your money. God doesn't want me to take your money.”
“The shares were not a gift, but instead, a sales commission paid to compensate Paxton for investors they recruited,” regulators contend in the filing.
The SEC's action have prompted renewed calls for Paxton to resign as the state's chief law enforcement officer.
“Enough is enough,” said Emmanuel Garcia, deputy executive director of the Texas Democratic Party. “How many more investigations, criminal charges, and lawsuits need to be filed before Republican Ken Paxton takes responsibility for their lawlessness and resigns?"
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Meet Tim Storms, a man with an earth-shakingly low voice. How low, you ask? So low, they can hit a note you can't even come close to hearing. On March 30, 2012, they reclaimed a previous Guinness World Record for lowest vocal note produced by a male when they sang a G -7 (as if note values are even relevant when they're that low), which is 8 octaves below the lowest G on the piano.
As a quick refresher, our perception of pitch corresponds to a sound wave's frequency, measured in Hertz, or cycles per second. It's not quite as simple as this, but suffice it to say, the lower the pitch, the lower the frequency. Humans can hear down to about 20 Hz. Storms managed a whopping, sub-audible 0.189 Hz. That seems completely unbelievable to me, but the Guinness World Record gods say it is so, because they employed the help of a “low-frequency microphone, precision sound analyser, and laptop for post analysis.” Let me spend the rest of this blog entry putting such a low-frequency into perspective for you.
If I am correct, they are hitting a frequency of about 1 cycle per 5 seconds. In air, that's a wavelength of 5950 feet. NPR reports that elephants communicate at a puny 10 to 20 Hz or cycles per second. The closest sonic phenomenon I could find to Tim Storms's sub-audible humming is a class of infrasonic waves called microbaroms, found in a particular type of marine storm. Now, why am I not surprised?
Out of curiosity, I looked up the lowest “sound” in the universe, mostly so I could make a funny chart, and it comes from pressure oscillations from a black hole. the frequency of the oscillations correspond to a B-flat, 57 octaves lower than middle C. What?
PHILADELPHIA -- Following four straight losses, longtime UFC veteran Joe Stevenson has been cut from the promotion, MMA Fighting has learned.The move was expected following the losing streak, but had not yet been confirmed. A high-ranking UFC source confirmed it on Thursday, however.After debuting in the UFC during season two of The Ultimate Fighter, Stevenson won five of their first six bouts and rose to become the No. 1 contender in the UFC's lightweight division. At UFC 80, they lost to BJ Penn via rear naked choke submission, however.After that, their career stalled out a bit, as they went 3-6 in their last nine UFC fights before being released. Overall, Stevenson is 31-14 in their career, and they went 8-8 in 16 UFC fights dating back to November 2005.In their last fight, termed a "must-win" at the time, they dropped to the featherweight division in hopes of reviving their career, but lost in a unanimous decision to Javier Vazquez at the UFC Live: Kongo vs. Barry event.Still just 29 years old, Stevenson holds career wins over big names like Melvin Guillard Nate Diaz and Yves Edwards . Their last win came at UFC 104 in October 2009, when they earned a decision over Spencer Fisher
There was a time when the champion team dominated the England side. In the early 1990s, when Great Britain were at their finest for a generation, the national team had a core from the all-conquering Wigan squad. Not anymore.
Watching defending champions St Helens somehow concede 34 points at home to Huddersfield on Friday night and yet still squeeze out a win, it occurred to me that not one of their side played for England at last autumn's Four Nations. That is either remarkable or ridiculous. Jon Wilkin and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook's England days seem to have gone, while James Roby was a rare absentee, but with Saints fielding six English youngsters it is surely only a matter of time until that changes.
The lack of England games in which coach Steve McNamara can try out exciting youngsters and the apparent abandonment of the England Knights programme – supposedly so vital to development and yet cast aside last year – means proven Super League stars such as Jonny Lomax and Tommy Makinson have not experienced an international camp. They are both already 24 years old. Last week the RFL revealed that they made a profit of £295,000 on a £19m turnover last year and have nearly £8m in the bank. But they didn't put on a single home international last year. Go figure.
As soon as an English footballer gets more than a sniff of a first-team shirt at a top Premier League club, they are swept into Roy Hodgson's England squad and given a game in a friendly or an undemanding qualifier against a minnow. The RFL's severely limited senior international programme does not allow McNamara that opportunity.
Thus, Lomax, Makinson, Adam Swift (22), Joe Greenwood (22), Mark Percival (21), Andre Savelio (20) and Greg Richards (20) are playing well for one of the best teams in the country but are unlikely to win caps this autumn either. Having two internationals against France next year will be a start and RLIF chief David Collier's plan to make the European Championships a qualifying event for both the World Cup and/or their proposed second major international competition will provide England with three or four games a season to test out their youngsters.
And all the while there are disturbing murmurings about Castleford's Australian winger Justin Carney playing for England because they have lived here three years and has an English girlfriend. They would not be the first England call-up with no blood connection (Rangi Chase fits that category) but that would seem a dereliction of duty by the Sydney-based McNamara. The emerging talent is here – but the coach is 11,000 miles away.
Yes, I know they are a rugby union club, but stay with me. Rugby league is returning to the flagship Scottish Borders club. On 30 and 31 July, Gala are hosting a summer camp for secondary school kids run by Wigan Warriors Community Foundation. Among the coaches will be Scotland head coach Steve McCormack, who is also on the staff at Wigan. They will put on a coaching seminar on 30 July, too.
McCormack will return to Netherdale in October with their Scotland side to play Ireland in the European Championship. After a successful Scotland v France event there last year, Borders rugby fans will get another taste of professional league as Danny Brough's men defend their European crown. Gala were decimated by the migration to league more than any other Scottish union club bar Hawick, losing at least 10 players. That exodus ended in 1962 with Brian Shillinglaw, who fell out with Whitehaven and whose career ended prematurely through injury after transferring to… Wigan!
Foreign quota
Corbyn Kilday would probably have played in Super League for Wakefield this season if the game hadn't done away with reserve teams. Released last autumn, Kilday, now 20, impressed for Scotland in their European Championship triumph before heading to Queensland to train with former Trinity, Hemel and Oldham coach John Harbin. Wily veteran Harbin soon directed them to their son Lionel, head coach of Central Queensland Capras in Rockhampton. Kilday is now playing every week in the Intrust Super Cup, where their opponents have included former Wakefield and Huddersfield winger Luke George, playing with Sam Obst at Northern Pride. A stocky, explosive and reliable second-rower, Kilday could well be the next Ben Garcia, the Avignon product who is off to Penrith Panthers after a superb season with Catalans, or Saints' thrill-a-minute Andre Savelio.
Goal-line drop-out
There has been something of a brouhaha on Humberside over the news that the two Hull clubs are going to share an academy from next year onwards. As is often the case, this was a delicate issue managed within concrete hands. Instead of the dreaded word “merger”, it should have been explained as simply the latest of the RFL's Regional Academies.
RFL Player Development staff have long said that far too many young players are in Super League academies who are not good enough to be there. That was certainly the case in Hull, where a considerable slice of the 15- to 19-year-olds in the city were on the books of Rovers or the Airlie Birds. There will only be eight elite academies next year and Hull – as a city – need to be one of them. Hull FC were graded “outstanding” in this year's audit while Rovers were “good”.
Most at risk of losing their status are Salford (Grade 4 – “weak”), given they are surrounded by four “outstanding” academies (Saints, Wigan, Widnes and Warrington), and Castleford (Grade 3 – “needs improvement”).
London Broncos, who have lost nearly every Under-19 game this season, may become a London regional hub instead, while Widnes have announced a partnership with Cumbria Regional Academy. Intriguingly, Wigan already recruits from Cumbria and now want to access London's talent pool, something ruled out by the RFL when Leeds tried to set up an academy in the capital a couple of years ago.
Fifth and last
With two rounds of the regular season to go, all eyes are on the middle of the table. What used to be a dull place is now rather lively, given the bottom four are heading into the middle eight Qualifiers.
Wakefield looks certain to be joined by Salford and Widnes, despite the Vikings' narrow win over Catalans on Sunday that drags the Dragons into serious trouble. Hull beating Cas means that, if they better Catalans' results over the last two games, they will secure a Super 8 spot, regardless of the result in the Humberside derby on Friday night.
Huddersfield and Cas losing and Warrington winning has also opened up the possibilities among the top four at the end of the 30-game campaign. Leeds and Saints should be sure of semi-final play-off berth but it is no longer unfeasible to imagine Warrington there, too.
Defeat for London at Dewsbury coupled with Sheffield beating Bradford means the Broncos are condemned to another season in the Championship while Sheffield can join Leigh and Bulls in preparing for the Qualifiers. Halifax, who held off a brave Batley effort, are favourites to join them.
Follow No Helmets Required on Twitter and Facebook
Visitors to a Sandy Springs Waffle House got an eyeful after police say a naked man tried to force their way into the restaurant.
A Waffle House employee on Northside Drive can be heard in a 911 call describing a naked man urinating outside the windows where customers were eating June 7.
“This is the Waffle House. A gentleman just got out of their car and is naked standing in front of my door,” the employee said on the call obtained by Channel 2 Action News. “He just peed on my door and now he's walking inside. ‘Sir, you cannot come in here.'”
Amy Stivender told police the man pulled up in a beige BMW and parked in the middle of the travel lane, according to the police report.
When the man paced back and forth in front of the restaurant, Derwin Mitchell, a customer, started filming on their smartphone. They streamed the video live on Facebook, according to Channel 2.
“It kind of shocked me as a customer, ruined my meal,” Mitchell told the news station. “I immediately went to video. I didn't know what they were going to do.”
Police said Bashir Rasheed, 36, was only coherent enough to show they knew where they are, but they couldn't tell officers why they were naked. Rasheed grabbed themselves and started urinating while officers were speaking to him, according to the report.
Officers took Rasheed to Northside Hospital for a medical evaluation, releasing them with a ticket for public indecency.
Uber: New regulations will not stop price surges by ride-share service, WA Government says
Updated
New regulations to legalise ride-sharing services such as Uber will not prevent companies from charging "surge prices" the WA Government has confirmed.
The comments come after some Uber users paid more than eight times the usual fee on New Year's Eve due to the company's price surge policies in peak periods.
Transport Minister Dean Nalder said the Government's planned regulation of ride-sharing services would still allow surge pricing to occur.
"We're not going to really interfere with what a company does as far as a fare prices goes, that's up to the consumer, if they're prepared to pay for it," they said.
"The environment, from a regulation standpoint, will be just ensuring the providers are transparent in their fares.
"[Customers] have got to be agreeing to a price before they accept a ride and, providing that's occurring, then we want to allow competition to dictate what that price will be."
Mr Nalder said customers who wanted protection against price hikes could choose taxis, which would continue to have regulated fares.
"The environment will be that if you're uncertain and you know that you're partying, and you haven't got your guard up, it's probably going to be safer to catch a taxi," they said.
'Buyer beware' when it comes to Uber
Mr Nalder said while they were surprised by some of the reported fares, it was a case of buyer beware.
"There is the onus on people to take care when they're ordering a ride-sharing, whether it be Uber or the other providers looking to enter the market," they said.
"My call on Uber is to make sure it is very transparent as to what the fare or price will be that people are wishing to take on."
The Transport Minister said the Government's regulation of the ride-sharing industry would focus on making sure the vehicle was safe and the driver had appropriate police and traffic checks.
'Surge pricing' boosted NYE response times: Uber
An Uber spokesperson said the company sent an email to its users globally to make sure they were aware of "surge pricing" and could make an informed decision.
In a statement, they also said Uber completed hundreds of thousands of trips between 5:00pm and 5:00am across Australia on New Year's Eve, with 70 per cent incurring no "surge".
They also said "surge pricing" allowed Uber to record an average response time on the night of just three minutes.
Topics: road-transport, state-parliament, wa
First posted
Syrian rebels “don't have long” as they face not only the army of President Bashar al-Assad, but fierce attacks from the Al Qaeda fighters who once battled alongside them, an opposition leader told FoxNews.com.
In recent days, the rebels have killed five top Al Qaeda leaders in eastern Syria, said Oubai Shahbandar, Turkey-based spokesperson for the Syrian Opposition Coalition. They said taking on Al Qaeda, which is believed to be seeking to topple Assad not to bring about democracy, but to establish a base for terror operations, is stretching the Free Syrian Army to the breaking point.
“We are at a critical juncture where the Free Syrian Army has declared war on Al Qaeda [and] Al Qaeda has responded with a savage counter-attack,” Shahbandar said in a phone interview.
[pullquote]
Shahbandar called on the West to provide military aid to the Free Syrian Army, and said time is running out. Assad's forces are working with the Lebanese terrorist group Hezbollah, giving the Free Syrian Army a wide spectrum of seasoned soldiers and militant jihadists to contend with.
Al Qaeda forces are also battling on multiple fronts, having turned on the rebels yet still engaging Assad loyalists. The terrorist group has hijacked the original opposition fight against Assad and appears determined to wipe out any moderate Syrian opposition, extending radical Islam into a key new territory.
In the nearly three years since the Syrian civil war broke out, more than 120,000 people, many of them innocent civilians, have been killed. The West, which has backed the effort to oust Assad, has been unable to craft a consistent aid strategy, largely due to the shifting alliances.
Having appeared to be on the brink of intervening on behalf of the FSA last September, President Obama backed down from attacking the Assad forces in a move generally interpreted as a sign of weakness by many in the region. The president and their advisors instead determined that ridding the Assad regime of chemical weapons was more important.
While the chemical threat has for the most part been removed, Syria has remained a bloody killing field with no end in sight to the death and destruction, or to the ongoing destabilization of a pivotal country in the Middle East.
Appealing to the U.S. for arms to help the FSA, an alliance of as many as a dozen different groups that includes the Syrian Revolutionary Front, Shahbandar said weapons in their group's hands can save innocent lives.
“The regime and Hezbollah are simultaneously launching an attack in the north and attempting to encircle Aleppo [while] intensifying its starvation campaign, as well,” Shahbandar said. “We have three major cities in Syria facing total siege...and dozens of documented cases by the UN of people dying of starvation because the regime refuses to let aid into those besieged areas.
“We are at a critical juncture,” they said. “We don't have long.”
Paul Alster is an Israel-based journalist who can be followed on Twitter @paul_alster and at www.paulalster.com
It's untoward to bash someone publicly. I've done it before and I always end up feeling horrible about it later. I've found that the longer it takes you to feel bad about it, the more work you have left to do on yourself. I've worked hard to stop doing it, and I don't do it anymore.
Of course this doesn't mean you shouldn't have strong opinions, or withhold public disagreement on a specific decision. Every decision demands dissent. But bashing isn't disagreeing. It's bashing. Bashing is about tone (overly aggressive or passive aggressive), it's about time (often tied to a knee-jerk reaction), it's about outcome (if the point is just to make yourself feel good, then you're just talking out loud to yourself). It often signals a lack of information (on your part).
You don't change someone's mind by telling them they're an idiot. When's the last time someone changed your mind that way?
A good trick that helped me cool myself down a couple years back was to institute a personal “1:1 bash ratio”. I didn't always hold myself to it, but basically it went like this… Before every external bash, I had to bash myself first. If I'm going to bitch about someone else's work, what about my work? If I have a problem with how someone runs their company, how about how I run mine? If I'm going to complain loudly about someone else's point of view, what about mine? Are there any flaws in my way of thinking? There must be, so what are they? What am I getting completely wrong?
This isn't a new idea, of course. “People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones” – that's been around forever. But what I like about the 1:1 ratio is that it's not saying you shouldn't strongly criticize – it's saying that you owe yourself one before you dish one out to someone else. Avoiding a harsh criticism doesn't help you learn like harshly criticizing yourself helps you learn. And eventually it helps you realize how often you're breathing fire. Ultimately you may not want to do it anymore.
U.S. military personel sleep on aid shipments at Tacloban Airport during relief effort.
Photo by Chris McGrath/Getty Images
China didn't exactly spring into action to help its typhoon ravaged neighbor, the Philippines. Earlier this week, as the Philippines grappled with typhoon Haiyan, China pitched in a measly $100,000 in cash. By comparison, USA Today reports, the U.S. has pledged $20 million. Australia $30 million, the U.K. $16 million, and both Japan and the United Arab Emirates contributed $10 million. How paltry was China's first offer? According to the Los Angeles Times, “even the Global Times, a Communist Party newspaper, editorialized against the Chinese government.”
After facing some heat for being cheap during a humanitarian disaster, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs upped the country's aid offer to $1.64 million in tents and other relief goods. Along with the new pledge, Chinese President Xi Jinping offered these no-frills words of encouragement to their Filipino counterpart, Benigno Aquino. “May the Filipino people overcome the disaster and rebuild their homeland at an early date,” China's president told President Aquino during a phone call on Wednesday.
Underlying Chinese reluctance to pony up and help its neighbor is an ongoing political dispute between Beijing and Manila over territorial claims in the South China Sea. “Territorial disputes over islands in the South China Sea have poisoned relations between Beijing and Manila since early 2012, and the Philippines is taking its case against China to an international arbitration tribunal,” the New York Times reports. “The Philippines angered China this year by accepting a gift of naval vessels from Japan and by supporting Japan's plans to strengthen its military.” Another reason for the lack of assistance is, ironically, the opinion of Internet commentators, according to the Times. “Another factor in determining the initial size of the gift was the hostility among Chinese Internet commentators toward foreign aid, and to aid to the Philippines in particular,” Chinese experts told theTimes.
China's new pledge still ranks the world's second biggest economy pretty low among donor nations to the Philippines. This week, IKEA's donation to relief efforts almost doubled China's.
"Should I get an Apple TV?" Before September of 2010, that question was a lot less interesting than it is now. Apple has given its set-top box a second go, making numerous changes in hopes that the new, tiny, $99 version will eventually take the device past hobby status. The new and improved Apple TV offers commercial-free TV show rentals, Netflix streaming built-in, and AirPlay so that users can stream iOS content directly to their TVs—all without requiring users to jailbreak or install unsupported software.
However, the new Apple TV is also now severely limited when it comes to the content available from iTunes, and it still doesn't have (native) apps. Does the good balance out the bad? Who is the right audience for this thing anyway?
What's new, physically?
by Clint Ecker
The most striking thing about the new Apple TV is how incredibly small it is. Owners of the previous model of Apple TV will see an amazing difference in weight, footprint and overall volume. It seems as if someone at Cupertino had set their sights on making the new Apple TV 1/3rd the size and weight of the previous model, as they've nearly hit those margins dead on.
ROME TWP., MI – There might have been an intruder because Gregory Hunt had their gun ready, said Hunt's mother, Carol.
They believe they slipped on a set of stairs in their garage, where they had stumbled before, lost their balance and the .38-caliber weapon fired. A bullet hit a major artery in their leg, and the situation escalated quickly. There was no way they could survive, Carol Hunt said Friday, Oct. 17.
Alone at their home northwest of Adrian, Gregory Hunt, 41, died Wednesday in what police called an "accidental shooting."
Carol Hunt, who had been in contact with authorities, called it a "freak, stupid" accident, a "really bad" mishap that killed a skilled marksman, accomplished hunter and Cambridge Township police officer.
"He was a really good guy, really good friend, good son," Carol Hunt said before a surge of emotion compelled them to end the conversation.
Gregory Hunt, a sergeant with the township police department, graduated from Napoleon High School, according to their obituary, and served four years in the U.S. Navy, their mother said. They were a nuclear weapons technician stationed for a time in the Mediterranean, they said, before they earned a degree from Kalamazoo Valley Community College and worked for 14 years in Cambridge Township.
Hunting and fishing were their passions. "He's got a bunch of big buck head stuffings and antlers, got a house full," said their father, Charles Hunt of Napoleon.
Gregory Hunt lived by themselves in the country, belonged to the National Rifle Association, served as a police firearms instructor, and took part in the Governor's Match, a shooting competition in Jackson, their obituary stated. As a boy they were involved with the Jackson County Outdoor Club, their mother said.
"He was real big on taking care of their guns and other people's guns. They were really into weaponry," said Charles Hunt, who had little information about the circumstances of their son's death.
He's had "1,000 different thoughts" about what might have occurred. "You don't know how bad I wish I knew what happened."
The Lenawee County Sheriff's Office released a brief statement Thursday, and Sheriff Jack Welsh was unavailable Friday to answer further questions. Cambridge Township police Chief Larry Wibbeler did not return a message left Friday at their department.
An investigation was continuing and detectives were awaiting autopsy and lab results before they could make a final determination, according to the sheriff's office statement.
Charles Hunt said someone was sent to their son's home when Gregory Hunt did not arrive for a shift scheduled to begin at noon Wednesday.
Gregory Hunt was a "real good police officer" who got along well with the chief, Charles Hunt said.
About a month ago, Gregory Hunt returned from a fishing trip with their chief in the Ludington area, Carol Hunt said.
"He was never, ever depressed. They were just really happy," they said.
Them son was fun, they said. "He had a quiet side, too, a private side."
Pin 3 4K Shares
Jake Anderson
February 27, 2016
(ANTIMEDIA) Ahead of the Super Tuesday primaries, there's a new poll out in Florida and it's a weirdly morbid one. According to Public Policy Polling, in response to the question “Do you think Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, or not?,” 10 percent of the Sunshine State says ‘yes.' 28 percent said they were not sure.
#CPAC Alert: Ted Cruz is speaking!! Their speech is titled: ‘This Is The Zodiac Speaking' — Red Pill America (@RedPillAmerica) March 14, 2013
‘Zodiac Killer' is the name given to an unidentified serial killer who claims to have murdered 37 people in northern California. Police have only confirmed five of these murders but, well, that's enough to qualify as a serial killer. The Zodiac Killer was also notorious for confounding Bay Area authorities by sending cryptographic letters to the press.
When translated, the cipher reads as follows:
“I LIKE KILLING PEOPLE BECAUSE IT IS SO MUCH FUN IT IS MORE FUN THAN KILLING WILD GAME IN THE FORREST BECAUSE MAN IS THE MOST DANGEROUE ANAMAL OF ALL TO KILL SOMETHING GIVES ME THE MOST THRILLING EXPERENCE IT IS EVEN BETTER THAN GETTING YOUR ROCKS OFF WITH A GIRL THE BEST PART OF IT IS THAE WHEN I DIE I WILL BE REBORN IN PARADICE AND THEI HAVE KILLED WILL BECOME MY SLAVES I WILL NOT GIVE YOU MY NAME BECAUSE YOU WILL TRY TO SLOI DOWN OR ATOP MY COLLECTIOG OF SLAVES FOR MY AFTERLIFE EBEORIETEMETHHPITI”
Admittedly, Ted Cruz is a bit more eloquent. However, with their campaign floundering in the wake of Donald Trump's meteoric political rise, how telling is it that over a third of the state of Florida isn't sure whether or not they are an infamous serial killer? Facetious or not, the poll result doesn't bode well for an evangelical that has already been an online punching bag, as the popular image below illustrates.
Then again, how big of a difference is there really between the sociopathic behavior of a serial killer and the targeted drone killings of a president? Maybe Cruz is the man to unite the previously disparate worlds of serial murder and war crimes.
Test your knowledge with a quiz entitled “Who Said It, A Serial Killer or a US President?”
This article (Over a Third of Florida Believes Ted Cruz May Be the Zodiac Killer) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Jake Anderson and theAntiMedia.org. Anti-Media Radio airs weeknights at 11pm Eastern/8pm Pacific. Image credits: Jared Salas/Gage Skidmore. If you spot a typo, email edits@theantimedia.org.
Pin 3 4K Shares
Chilean lawyer Guillermo Frêne is having a bit of a bad hair day after it was revealed that draft legislation aimed at cutting the internet connections of illegal downloading ne'er-do-wells was presented in .doc format written on pirated software.
The full outrage was exposed here, which shows that the firm of attorneys responsible for the document goes by the rather unusual name of "The houze":
According to the exposé, "many modified (and illegal) copies of Microsoft Office are identified as belonging to 'The houze!'", and that the program forms part of a "Windows Unattended Edition".
Frêne, meanwhile, has responded (in Spanish, natch) that they were "never involved in drafting the said legislation".
They admit they don't know how their name came to be on the document, but explains they worked as a parliamenary adviser between 2007-8 and suspects it was based on some file from the personal computer they used at that time. ®
Most of us tell minor lies on a daily basis—saying your partner looks great when, really, they're having a bad hair day, or nodding in feigned agreement at your colleague's latest political rant. Such white lies, though, don't just help avoid scuffles or hurt feelings; they're also an integral part of shaping how communities form, according to a new study. A group of computational scientists developed a mathematical model of how groups of people grow and change over time, and then added in a new variable: the occurrence of lies. Big antisocial lies—like lying about theft or injuring someone—led to the complete disintegration of communities, with each person in the model eventually looking out only for themselves. But smaller white lies—even at a high rate of occurrence—had a different effect on the model. People formed small, tight cliques with occasional links between groups. And these connections, it turned out, were facilitated by people who told the most white lies, the researchers report online today in the Proceedings of the Royal Society B. The mathematical model, the authors admit, is a simplified version of reality; it assumes a constant rate of lies throughout time and among all the relationships a person has. But the takeaway is clear, they say: Lies can be good for society.
-- Posted Tuesday, 16 July 2013 | | Disqus
By Vincent Bressler Bitcoin is a beautifully transparent market. All transactions are in the public domain. So last night I put together a chart of the USD market price of Bitcoins vs. "Days Destroyed" which is a measurement of Bitcoin monetary velocity. Here is the definition of Days Destroyed from blockchain.info: Bitcoin Days Destroyed is a measure of the transaction volume of Bitcoin. If someone has 100 BTC that they received a week ago and they spend it then 700 bitcoin days have been destroyed. If they take those 100BTC and send them to several addresses and then spend them then although the total transaction volume could be arbitrarily large the number of bitcoin days destroyed is still 700. The chart is interesting because it shows velocity tracking the USD exchange rate during the recent spike, however, now velocity and price are 180 degrees out of sync.
Here's my interpretation of this:
During the spike up, volume increased in a rush to trade in and out of Bitcoin. During the spike down, volume crashed as trading interest in Bitcoin diminished, and perhaps as exchanges such as mtgox were threatened and blocked by governments. More recently, volume goes up when the price goes down. These are the weak hands exiting Bitcoin. As soon as the volume of weak hands starts to dry up, the price stabilizes and goes up for a while, then the weak hands begin to sell again, volume picks up, and the price heads down. This looks like accumulation, with strong hands waiting for the weak hands to cough up Bitcoins.
Note that the Bitcoin open source community is moving in the direction of limiting small transactions. This move will slow down the growth of the Bitcoin database and make the whole system more sustainable. Bitcoin will become a validation system for larger and larger "reserve" transactions. Various systems that hold Bitcoins in reserve will facilitate small transactions. So what do I expect to see with Bitcoin: lower and lower volume on higher and higher price. Looks like that trend has begun.
Vincent Bressler
vincent@missionctrl.com
-- Posted Tuesday, 16 July 2013 | Digg This Article | Source: GoldSeek.com Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
Previous Articles
It is Greece's summer ritual: the arrival of the island ferry, funnels billowing, horns blaring, gangplanks screeching as wide-eyed tourists prepare to disembark.
Last week in the wind-swept Cyclades, the isle of Paros was no exception. One by one they came – vessels the size of tenement blocks – disgorging holidaymakers on to an esplanade dotted with little white buildings in scenes of exuberant commotion.
For Andreas Hadjiathanasiou, whose car rental agency has a seafront view of the spectacle, the new arrivals were a welcome sight. The season has barely begun and business has already doubled. "We've ordered 60 new vehicles," said the operations manager who has relocated from Athens for the summer. "It's early days but tourists are pouring in from all over the place. Forget the crisis! I'd say this is one of our best years yet."
After six stark years of recession, debt-stricken Greece is back, doing what it has done since the 50s, drawing in holidaymakers from far and wide, only this time at record-breaking rates.
The rebound offers the first ray of light in a nation that to a great degree has been rendered unrecognisable by the corrosive effects of austerity. Like a freak storm, the eurozone crisis has swept over this land, leaving despair and destruction in its wake: almost no household has not felt the effects of wage and pension cuts (slashed by an average 40%), soaring taxes and unemployment that at 26.7% is the highest in the EU and unprecedented in Greece's post-war history.
In such circumstances only one in four Greeks will be able to go on holiday this summer, according to a poll published by the consumer protection group Inka this week. But in a country where trickle-down economics begins with tourism – one in five of the working population are dependent on the sector – the arrival of foreign visitors has brought relief.
It has also reinforced the official narrative, so often unfelt by those on the ground, that after achieving the biggest fiscal adjustment in global history, things are finally improving for the eurozone's weakest link. This month the Confederation of Greek Tourism Enterprises (SETE) revised its projections for the second time this year – from 18.5 million to 19 million arrivals (excluding 2.2 million on cruise ships) - nearly twice the Greek population. Airline bookings are up 25%, with island airports reporting a surge in traffic. Revenues in the first four months of the year had expanded by more than a quarter, according to the Bank of Greece.
"We have revised our number upwards to around 19 million arrivals, an all-time record," SETE's chairperson, Andreas Andreadis, said. "We've seen a double-digit growth in bookings from countries such as the US, Britain, Germany, France and Italy."
Regional turmoil, Greece's own internal deflation – a process that though savage has produced bargain basement deals – and the introduction of longer opening hours at museums and archaeological sites have helped spur the turnaround. So, too, have receding fears of Greece's ejection from the eurozone, the nightmare scenario that haunted the twice bailed-out country as it desperately tried to keep bankruptcy at bay.
Not long ago the comeback would have been impossible to imagine.
Tourism was the first sector to be hit when the scale of Athens' budgetary overflows became apparent in late 2009. As Greeks took to the streets in stunned anger – as much at their nation's economic meltdown as at the devastating price of international aid needed to avert default – millions of holidays were cancelled overnight.
No place was worst affected than Athens, from where televised images of riots, tear gas and burning buildings were shown around the world.
Yet, in a turnaround that has surprised even industry figures, the Greek capital is expected to see a 750,000 increase in arrivals this year. Already one million tourists have arrived – spilling out of archaeological sites and the narrow alleyways of the picturesque Plaka district beneath the Acropolis, piling into restaurants and cafes and cramming the stores that sell the fodder of every classic Greek holiday: sandals, statues, T-shirts and bags.
"We have seen a rise in occupancy rates of 25% in the first five months of this year, which is the highest in Europe," enthused Alexandros Vassilikos, chair of the Athens Hoteliers Association. "Tourism is the low-hanging fruit of the Greek economy. We have the basic infrastructure. We don't need to make huge investments. It's all there."
But the UK-trained economist also conceded Greece had its work cut out if tourism was to fulfil its potential. With the country bereft of heavy industry – and scrambling to find work for a youth population starved of jobs – the sector is widely seen as the fuel that can keep the Greek economy's engine going.
"Half of the 19 million we are expecting this year will visit Greece in the next 90 days," added Vassilikos. "If we want to reap more benefits from tourism it is vital that we improve our product, extend the season, branch into other niche markets like cultural and medical tourism."
SETE has set a target of 24 million visitors by 2021 – a rise that would contribute an annual €44bn or 20% to gross domestic product. That, say industry experts, would create as many as a million jobs in a nation where some 1.5 million are unemployed.
"Tourism is not just an important sector. It has complementarity with other sectors," said George Pagoulatos, professor of European politics and economy at Athens University of economics and business. "It can help expand agro-tourism, promote real estate and trigger investment in infrastructure and transport, all of which creates a virtuous circle."
But the rush to find jobs – the key to ensuring political stability - has also raised questions over whether Greece can cope. The finance ministry has sparked howls of protest proposing that mass development be allowed along the country's coast, still among the most pristine in Europe.
"There is the threat of over-exploitation," added Pagoulatos. "We don't want Greek seashores being transformed into cement cities that resemble Majorca and Ibiza."
In their two-star hotel in Paros, Anastasios Gikas was the first to agree that tourism needed a rethink. They have painted the 15-room establishment, turned it into a "boutique hotel" and ensured that breakfast comes with the finest products Paros has to offer. "My reservations are up, up, up," they said, showing their booking sheets." "But the problem is we're full only June, July and August. The rest of the year is dead."
With Greece's great economic crisis catapulting tourism onto centre stage, industry figures have spent much of the crisis devising ways of better showcasing the "Greek tourism product". No more so than in the airy officers of the consultancy firm Marketing Greece. Here, on the fifth floor of 20 Voukourestiou street, young marketing managers and PR experts sit at computers strategising how to "rebrand Greece".
The company, established by SETE last year, is the private sector's answer to what is increasingly seen as the country's marketing conundrum and marks the first time entrepreneurs have actively sought to promote Greece abroad.
"We've spent the past year using the best technology, both in and outside Greece, designing and developing a multi-lingual website that promotes the Greek experience," said Iossif Parsalis, the firm's general manager. "Our priority is to attract high-growth tourism with high-income earners but to do that we need to change perceptions, move away from mass tourism and upgrade the quality of what this country has to offer."
Is this the end of the classic sun, sea and sand package so beloved of thousands of young Britons every summer? Could Greece really be reinventing itself?
"The crisis has made us reconsider the way we do a lot of things," said Anastasios Naoum, Swiss-trained general manager at the upmarket Poseidonion hotel on the Argo Saronic isle of Spetses. "For the first time I'm seeing Greek hoteliers attending seminars, taking notes, asking all the right questions. Mass tourism will always exist but now is the time to change."
Naoum's words are not without a poignant symbolism: it was at the opening of the Poseidonion, 100 years ago next month, that Eleftherios Venizelos, the then prime minister, announced the necessity for a Greek tourism board.
Standing on the hotel's seafront porch Louis Mueller, an American sculptor, takes in the view. The Greek crisis has neither deterred him, nor 200 other guests from the US, from making the journey to attend the wedding of a couple more normally based in LA.
"Greece offers the best of all worlds," they say, adjusting their blue-tinted spectacles. "It seemed a bit far-fetched, at first, coming so far for a wedding, but it's been wonderful, and I'll be back."
BATAVIA – Batavia Mayor Jeff Schielke is voicing concerns that a proposed Ravinia-style concert venue could cause noise problems for residents living in the Batavia Highlands subdivision.
As proposed, the venue would be nestled in the Fabyan Woods, just east of Route 25 and northwest of the old county jail.
The venue would be patterned after the 4,500-seat Ravinia in Highland Park.
During Monday's Batavia City Council meeting, Schielke voiced worries that the facility is facing the subdivision.
Schielke said they would rather see the facility turned to the east instead of, “Highlands residents hearing every word that is spoken on the stage.”
Schielke and Geneva Mayor Kevin Burns are among those on a task force that is studying how to redevelop the former jail and adjacent 700-acre campus.
Kane County Board member Mike Donahue, R-Geneva, chairs the task force.
Donahue said the plan is far from being set in stone.
“It could be reworked so the concert venue faces another location,” Donahue said. “We want to get as much public input as possible.”
To that end, a series of public presentations about the proposal are being planned, including a presentation to the Batavia City Council at 7:30 p.m. Feb. 20 in the Batavia Government Center, 100 N. Island Ave.
Donahue said the task force wants to get public comment on the plan before it moves forward.
“The last thing we want to do is put out a plan that people don't support,” they said.
The proposed concert venue also would have to fit in with the surrounding trees in Fabyan Woods, Donahue said.
“Nobody wants to take down a bunch of mature oak trees,” they said.
The plan also includes a hotel and resort center, a mountain biking facility and a site that could support national-level cross-country meets.
Donahue said representatives from the USA Track and Field organization already are talking about scheduling events at the site in 2013.
A financial analysis would have to be done before the plan moves forward, Donahue said.
“Each enterprise in the plan needs to stand on its own,” they said. “They have to pay for themselves. We don't want taxpayers paying for them.”
SOCCEROOS defender Matthew Jurman has been suspended for two games and fined by the South Korean K League for making a “bribe gesture” at an opponent.
The Suwon Samsung Bluewings player must also pay 2 million won ($A2,258) for their inappropriate conduct in a league contest against Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors on Oct. 1.
It means Jurman may not play again until Australia takes on Honduras next month in the intercontinental playoff to reach the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
LIVE stream the 2017/18 Hyuandai A-League Season on FOX SPORTS. Get your free 2-week Foxtel Now trial and start watching in minutes. SIGN UP NOW >
The 27-year-old Jurman started at centre back as Australia won 2-1 over Syria on Tuesday in the second leg of the Asian qualifying playoff match in Sydney to progress 3-2 on aggregate.
Suwon was leading 1-0 at home when Jeonbuk star Lee Dong-gook earned a penalty kick in the 88th minute when they were brought down in the box by Suwon defender Jang Ho-ik.
Matthew Jurman wins a header against Mahmoud Al Mawas on Tuesday night. Source: Getty Images
Before Lee was about to take a spot kick, Jurman approached the 38-year-old veteran and rubbed their fingers together, simulating counting money.
Lee heard Jurman saying “how much”, the disciplinary committee said, while giving the offensive gesture — implying that the four-time K League MVP had bribed the referee.
Jurman told reporters after the game that what they said to Lee was “you'll miss.”
The match ended 1-1.
Jeonbuk was docked nine points and disqualified from the 2017 Asian Champions League after one of their scouts was found guilty last year of bribing two referees in 2013.
Jurman joined Suwon this year after playing with Sydney FC and Brisbane Roar.
Gary Washburn voted for Carmelo Anthony based on their importance to the New York Knicks.
When I placed my NBA MVP vote a few weeks ago, I knew I would be in the minority. I knew LeBron James was the prohibitive favorite to win their fourth award because they unquestionably are the best player in the game.
I voted for Carmelo Anthony based on their importance to the New York Knicks, who, if you haven't been paying attention the past decade, have failed to be relevant.
When the voting was announced Sunday afternoon, I was flabbergasted to learn I was the lone voter among 121 to not give LeBron a first-place vote, truly believing Anthony, Kevin Durant, Chris Paul, and perhaps even Kobe Bryant would snag a first-place vote or two.
Advertisement
Firstly, when I submitted my vote in mid-April, I had no idea I would be the only voter to leave LeBron out of first. This isn't Mrs. Wilson's class, I don't walk around asking fellow sportswriters their answers to the US History quiz. I had no idea whom the writers were voting for, so this was no LeBron conspiracy.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Secondly, this isn't the Best Player in the Game award, it's the Most Valuable Player award, and I think what Anthony accomplished this season was worthy of my vote. They led the Knicks to their first division title in 19 years.
That's a long time ago.
Anthony led the league in scoring average and basically carried an old Knicks team to the No. 2 seed in the Eastern Conference. Amar'e Stoudemire missed most of the season with knee issues, Raymond Felton missed six weeks, and Tyson Chandler dealt with nagging injuries, leaving Anthony, J.R. Smith, and a bunch of lottery picks from the mid-1990s to win 54 games and beat the Miami Heat three times.
LeBron can win the MVP award every year.  They are that good. And it's to the point where I put them on a Michael Jordan scale. Jordan won five MVP awards but could have earned 10. In the 1992-93 season, Jordan averaged 32.6 points, 6.7 rebounds, 5.5 assists, and 2.8 steals and shot 49.5 percent from the field.
Advertisement
And the MVP award went to Charles Barkley.
So my vote had more to do with Anthony and less to do with the dominance of LeBron. If you were to take Anthony off the Knicks, they are a lottery team. James plays with two other All-Stars, the league's all-time 3-point leader, a defensive stalwart, and a fearless point guard. The Heat are loaded.
If LeBron was taken away from the Heat, they still would be a fifth or sixth seed.  They are the best player of this generation, a multifaceted superstar with the physical prowess of Adonis, but I chose to reward a player who has lifted their team to new heights.
The Knicks were slapped around last season by the Heat in the first round, swept by the Celtics the year before, and the constant has been Anthony. Stoudemire, an All-Star-caliber player when healthy, has been dealing with knee problems the past few years. Chandler is a defensive center, and Jason Kidd, Marcus Camby, and Rasheed Wallace are beyond aging. That leaves the scoring load to Anthony and the mercurial Smith.
EPA LeBron James
The perception that I knew the other 120 voters cast their first-place votes for LeBron and that I went against the grain as some kind of statement is inaccurate. I have covered the league for years, watched Jordan lose the 1996-97 MVP to Karl Malone, and understand that for one season, certain players just elevate their games. I thought Anthony was the most valuable player to their team this season, not the best player in the league.
Advertisement
And the fact that Anthony is struggling in the playoffs, three weeks after I cast my vote, is a serious case of Wednesday morning quarterbacking. Anthony scored 50 points at Miami April 2 and averaged 36.9 points in April when the Knicks were trying to lock down the Atlantic Division and the No. 2 seed.
LeBron had a marvelous season and should be the first player to win seven MVP awards, but this season I felt Anthony meant more to their team. It obviously was not a popular vote but it was my right to vote that way.
I definitely understand those who believe LeBron should have won unanimously but it's no easy task making the Knicks relevant again and I think Anthony deserved my kudos for this season.
Gary Washburn can be reached at gwashburn@globe.com . You can follow them on Twitter at @gwashNBAGlobe.
